my guess is MH370 went down in an area that has yet to be combed over because it just does not make sense to have a small handful of pieces floating around. There has to be more luggage and parts circling around and if these two pieces show up around the same time it would appear chances are that the plan in fact did crash in an area that was not looked into and currents moved parts around. Otherwise we would have seen luggage and parts, but since we did not then that implies we have been looking in the wrong region this entire time. Maybe they will be able to back track where these possibly came from.
For sure the found piece of luggage will be examined and I am sure that there is some sort of identification on or in the bag that would match up to a passenger on the manifest. If there is no ID to be found, then items contained could be used to help determine whom the bag belonged to. Talking to the families of those lost would also help determine facts about the found luggage. Now they probably have people scanning and watching as much of this island's shore line and other small land masses nearby for more clues. These findings will lead to so much more that will yield the final answers and closure can be ensued. You do have a lot of hope and superstition riding on the whole MH370 loss...
So "DALE" would you care to expand on your intelligent thoughts on this comment forum or just read and be like that???
Hopefully the mystery will be solved and the plane found with the black boxes so the real reason of catastrophic failure can be determined and give the families some closure.
Closure! CLOSURE!! , closure is a myth. It won't stop hurting
Sure it won't stop, but at the very least you know what happened instead of no clue, big difference.
Twenty years ago, we had a family member who died, and we STill don't know how, (possible homicide) so yes, I agree that closure would be nice.
If the plane is in the ocean, I doubt that the black boxes will ever be able to be recovered.
kriss....get real. One answer and one answer alone - "the plane crashed"
Catastrophic failure? Not likely. Human failure? Highly likely!
Unless it was intentionally done by the pilot, it's more likely something catastrophic for the plane to go silent and disappear.
THE ANSWER PLEASE….. It's Islam, The Religion of Peace!
True, the pain never goes away.....but I would rather KNOW that my loved one is dead instead of always wondering if they could be captive somewhere
be interesting to know if this one was shot down like the 2nd one....mmmm
What catastrophic failure? I will be you money the pilot did this as a suicide mission. It's the most likely scenario of all, has happened before, and requires no statistically improbable causes!
The pilot crashed it. He turned off all communication devices.
Too late for the boxes, been underwater too long. But they may at least find the plane.
"Catastrophic failure" There was NO FAILURE other then a failure of one of the pilots who decided to committed suicide.
Does anyone know - when planes are fueled, are they fueled completely, or just with enough fuel to reach their destination plus a bit more in case there would be some sort of hold up in the air? If planes are fueled for their destination distance (and not completely full), and this plane was able to fly 4,000 miles beyond the search area, that's a lot of extra hours in the air. Maybe someone needs to check to find out who fueled the plane that day and why they added so much extra fuel. Or maybe I'm wrong ... does anyone know ... do they fuel full or just what's needed for the flight?
they're required to have reserve fuel in case of a diversion or deviation in the flight plan
The Airline requests the fueling company to fuel the aircraft. They order a certain amount. The Fueler pumps that into the aircraft. After he finishes he waits until the Captain gives him the Final. He adds whatever is requested, then takes the paperwork with the amount pumped to the Captain or a mechanic who checks the gauges and then signs the paper. At least that is how it is done at my airport. The Airlines want the pilots to fly with as little fuel as possible. Maybe something was wrong with the gauges and more fuel was filled as was shown. There is often a gauge malfunction.
If the piece of wing came from MH370 it has been in the ocean for over a year. It would have travelled many, many miles in that time.
Yes the plane didn't crash near the island the debris floated across the ocean
Depends on flight load and weather. I was on a flight from Zurich to Singapore with a stopover in Athens. Weather in Athens was terrible so, after fully refueling, they had to offload some fuel to ensure safe take off weight. Result was a diversion to Bangkok to refuel.
Fuel is loaded by estimation of next destination and some other variables like rotation of the earth and wind speed and country airspace etc. They always add some extra in case of diversion or a run in with bad weather. It would not have a full tank unless it was flying its max distance. The trouble is with this flight it went the wrong way, so all the variables were changed and it was on super cruise fuel efficiency all the way. It might have caught a tail wind which increases its mileage greatly. They will reconfigure all the variables for the location of the found wing and estimate a new crash area.
There have been unrelated articles about planes and fuel and they dont fly full. They fly with what they estimate, to keep weight down.
you are a genius and should have been in malaysia a year and half ago they probably would have found the plane in 2 days
When planes are fueled, they only carry enough fuel (w/reserve) to get them to the destination. Fuel is heavy and aircraft are weight sensitive so there is no point to add more fuel (weight) than necessary when the airlines could fill the plane with cargo and make more money.
Thanks, everybody. While I'm interested in this flight and the mystery surrounding it, I had no idea exactly what went into the mechanics of flying a plane to a certain destination. You've all helped me understand. Appreciate the feedback.
I do not remember any other 777s going down in that ocean lately. with the piece of a back pack also found on the same beach I think we are getting closer to saying that this is wreckage from that plane. now if the pros can only back track to see if they can locate an area of search they might find the big pieces that sank immediately. wonder if we will ever learn though what really happened on that flight.
Oxygen loss at 10,000 feet or more causes hypoxia. Everyone passes out. If there is no oxygen input to the lungs, one goes into a coma. I have flown for up to 30 minutes above 10,000 feet, which is the FAA standard. MH370 flew to cruise altitude, or, higher than "Angels 30" for as long as 30 minutes, which would result in death for most people, due to lack of oxygen to the brain. Either the pilot murdered everyone, and was on oxygen in the cockpit, or, he took it to that Flight Level, and put it on auto pilot with computer way points already entered into the flight computers (up to five way points at a time), all the way to her ditching in the ocean when she ran out of fuel. The Rolls Royce engine pings/reports showed the flight path. RR has refused to release them. As for the "duffel type bag", track the maker, and find a sales store near the departure point, with approximate sales dates. Funny if another suitcase item shows up with a baggage tag on it!
sage of age, you lost me with the comment "angels 30" I know that commercial planes can fly slightly above thirty thousand feet but not a lot higher. the thing is that no one has been able to piece together anything that would indicate that any of the crew had a motive to do something like you described. what you outlined may have been the sequence of events but the mystery may never be solved as to why.
The plane is closer than we think. It is in shallow waters close to the island or other island. The piece that was found has Barnacles on it and these strive in shallow waters 500 meters or less in depth and waves. Now is to research where are these Barnacles endemic to.
That piece of luggage looks too nice to have been in the ocean for more than a year.
Hey Carolyn, actually there is a plane big enough like the 777 that went down 29 yrs ago in the same area. It was a SAA Boeing 747
I'd be very surprised, really almost shocked, if the wing piece doesn't belong MH370. When a jet crashes, certainly one that is a 777, every effort is made to recover all pieces, especially its wing. Wings of unknown 777's do not just wash up on beaches. It's from MH370. Eventually some debris would begin to appear on shores. Now it's happened. As for the backpack, it might be from the jet, but more likely it's not. Lots of junk gets left behind on beaches, or washes up from the ocean. A backpack being washed ashore is nothing special, a jet wing is. It seems more pieces will now be found in short order.
@ben, first of all they say that it is from a 777 now. secondly a piece of wreckage from a plane twenty nine years in the ocean would not be in that good of shape. this has barnacles on it but they attach quite quickly to something in the water. my neighbors have a boat that they have to scrape every year and it is only in the water a few months a year.
I've been on flights where we flew at 38,000 feet. That is "a lot" higher than 30,000 feet.
I think CNN bought a piece of a 777, put it in seawater for over a year, flew it to Reunion Island, and planted it on the shore.
CNN also has a video of the plane hitting the ocean. For some strange reason there is a smidgen of the Atlanta skyline in the top right hand corner of the video.
@ Sage: "The Rolls Royce engine pings/reports showed the flight path. RR has refused to release them." Can they do that?? Why hasn't the authorities, airline or the families taken them to court to force a release?
Kevin, There is a conspiracy of some sort. I think it was shot by jet fighters exercising (supposedly). Couldn't fly back because he was prevented. Witnesses have seen an airliner with a fighter close by. Hope France will do right and release real info.
That's BS - shame on you.
A couple of these Yahoo-experts on here should fly down there and help these amateurs figure things out. Just a thought.
Could the investigators use the lessons learned from the yellow bath toys? In 1992, a shipping crate containing 28,000 plastic bath toys was lost at sea when it fell overboard on its way from Hong Kong to the United States.
The problem is with the Arabian and Indian ocean gyre in the area which over lap just north of the islands.That basically leaves two thirds of the Indian ocean and the gulf to be searched.
This makes the search even more complex because the wing or bag may come from anywhere in the ocean. floating for almost a year with waves changing directions and this can be more confusing.
"very likely to be from a Boeing 777 but we need to verify whether it is from flight MH370". I'm sure detailed measurements will tell them if this is from a Boeing 777. But to have to verify that it is from flight MH370? Just how many Boeing 777 planes are missing? Sounds like a punch line from a Dilbert comic.
Boeing reports that the only missing 777 is from MH370.
Yeah but how many Boeing 777s are missing, only one
Yes.. so that kind of makes it pretty stupid comment.
There is a large debris island in the Pacific Ocean. Is there a similar debris island in the Indian Ocean? I think that is a valid question. Because it is all composite material, and those particular materials are unique to the B777, it is from a B777. They just need to have the experts verify it, to make it official. They may not find a serial number. And the attached creatures would have attached as swimmers with a unique biological signature that can be traced to the source of the crash site. But, like seeds, everything has most likely disbursed everywhere, just like the attached sea creatures did. So I ask if there is a debris island where such things could collect, as they have in the Pacific Ocean the size of Texas.
Composite materials are not unique to the B777. I know that the flap for a 747 is composite.
ANOTHER GENIUS !!!! no wonder usa is screwed
That Flaperon, Part #657BB is unique to the Boeing 777 aircraft. Only one Boeing 777 is missing in the entire Indian Ocean, that being MH370. Our deep respect goes out to all the friends and family of the missing passengers and crew.
Reunion Island is a long way away from Malaysia...
... and the wrong direction if one was going to China.
But it isn't necessarily that far from their search areas. The plane could have flown a long distance from the last known location. Also, the ocean currents could carry that debris for hundreds or even thousands of miles over 500+ days they have been in the water.
Praying for the victims' kin for closure, really tough on them but better than going on without knowing.
Without knowing what? Plane crashed and your "kin" died- knew that long time ago
but finding wreckage now is better than no finding nothing with no answers.
Yes, it would be nice to finally solve this puzzle.
Hopefully the little bits that they are finding will lead to all of the rest.
Given how long it has been since the disappearance, I would say the debris floated a very long way. I doubt that'll help much in pinpointing where it went down.
We hate to discover that the plane as crashed but at least if this was the case, the families can rest knowing that these people are dead rather than living their lives day by day without knowing what had happened to them.
So much for the conspiracy theories. The plane crashed.
Maybe it crashed because of a conspiracy?
"Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said the debris, believed to be a part of a wing, was "very likely to be from a Boeing 777 but we need to verify whether it is from flight MH370" because so many other 777's have disappeared in the Southern Indian Ocean.
FINALLY! Seems some closure may come to the families of the MH370 hopefully soon. Any family would be devastated by going through something like this. Malaysian authorities and the airline should continue to be sensitive to the sentiments of MH370 passengers' families, no matter how challenging it may be.
Part #657BB is the flaperon for the one wing, while the part Number 557BB would be the opposite wing flaperon. The appearance of it indicates a break-up from a water landing, because an impact in a vertical dive wouldn't normally cause such a large piece to remain. But, who am I, just a maintenance technician who serviced the fleet of large Boeing aircraft in the USAF, spanning three decades.
Sage -- The key question is whether this part is unique to the 777. So far that has not been answered.
...how many planes of this type are unaccounted or in this region? That still hasn't been answered yet when the question was posed on TV the other day. But with 500 days of drift out in the ocean, a part travelling this far is not unlikely.
...especially being driven by the South Equatorial Current.
It would kinda have to be from the 370 . that part just not show up somewhere. Thank you for your professional input. been a long time washing to shore
Sage, thank you. Your post provides excellent input.
Thank you Sage. Its nice to finally hear information in the Yahoo comments that gives me some answers.
They never ask the opinion of the ones that know.
those that know, don't tell, those that tell, don't know
thanx...I thought it looked like a flap
uh, ya, im gonna go with a flap
Heard on NPR earlier today about no other 777s are unaccounted for besides the one that everybody is wondering about here. Hmm.
Sage: Nose gear tire fire, see my post above...
Wonder why they would sand the wing to Toulouse, when thats the Airbus location? Should Boeing not be reviewing it? Strange statement.
Too Loose la Trec is the French aviation expert is why it went to Toulouse.
Airbus may be the manufacturer of the part.
The Island is French, Air France flies Airbus, Airbus has plenty of expertise, and it's the nearest certified labs...
For the same reason that if someone rams a Ford truck into a tree, the Police don't send the truck to Detroit.
I sure hope they find out everything and then maybe the families may rest.
Praying for the families, for answers, and the truth in the media.
I hope it is finally the end of the mystery. if it is and the black boxes will get located it will be wise not to let Makezia the one to get them. let independent investigator reveal what really happened to the flight.
To all the experts contributing here: If just this part separated (fell off) of such a plane in flight would the plane necessarily crash?
With this piece of plane, the French experts could answer to 3 questions : 1) the plane was in fire ? 2) explosion (if yes: which kind...produce...)? 3) ''normal'' crash on the surface of water (speed...when...) ? Just the beginning before a lot of other questions. The luggage could be interesting too, if coming from this plane.
The core issue to be handled by the Malaysian Government is was it possible that a "lunatic " was manning MH 370 when it went down. From here the government could pick up the bits and start counting the amount of compensation due to the victims because as we know conpensation varies according to the nature of the negligence and the perpertraitor who caused this mishap !
"Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said the debris, believed to be a part of a wing, was "very likely to be from a Boeing 777 but we need to verify whether it is from flight MH370". Boeing said that there is only one 777 missing in the entire 777 fleet - MH370. That might narrow down the possibilities.
Only one missing..... that they know of. Hard to keep track.
Hard to keep track of crashed 777's? Are you drunk?
of course it will be. He needs a distraction from his domestic crisis
Any of Rosmah's precious hand bags found washed on the beach?
Narrowing down the possibilities is pretty definite unless politicians get involved.
Should be interesting to see how much more debris shows up on the island and other islands should be put on notice.
Toulouse? I get that Reunion is a French Territory, so I guess it makes sense to send the debris to Airbus-land. However, I hope the BEA (French equivalent of the FAA) stays out of the investigation, their ineptitude is staggering - then again, the plane involved is not an Air France jet so they might be unbiased this time around. The way the BEA defends Air France and sweeps the airline's (multiple) oopsies under the rug is embarrassing.
Hopefully the investigation team have enough evidence that the floating objects belongs to the missing jet over a year ago. Oceans is vast, there were many floating objects around. Even dead oceanic animals are floating around when they perish. So just have a complete investigation making sure the objects are from the missing jets. It is important those findings are monitor by an expert or else it is just guessing. It happens about half year ago some people found something in the ocean and they assume it was from the missing plane. we all need a precise answer for that no time to waste.
I wish the debris they found is from MH370, so that we all can put a close to this sad Malaysia Airlines plane that went down with 239 people. If it is I will pray for the 239 people and their family.
At least we will know for sure that MH370 isn't in a some terrorist nation being modified for some nefarious activity.
Finally, a much needed break in this thing! I admit that usually, we have a good idea of what happened in most disasters/accidents. But this one has been truly hard to decipher. I'm waiting with to here what the the folks in Toulouse have to say!
I think it is possible that smaller segments have washed up and perhaps were not noticed, mistaken for something else, or maybe remain undiscovered.
Now that they are retrieving items....Positive Cross Reference to Passengers likely. There was always an Answer, a Big Ocean, but answers. If anything should give you the Shivers, it is traveling over a Large Deep Body of Water, at Night, in a Jet Liner. To date the Safest way to travel on Earth. VJVMD
Other than walking, but statistically, more Dangerous.
Yes...walking is More dangerous, than Flying.....weird.
When the mystery is solved the loved one's for those on the plane shall rest.
I pray that this will finally bring some closure in the end for the relatives of the people lost on that plane.
Nature has unique ways to solve human problems. Hopefully these findings relate to MH370. I am sure authorities will comb beaches of nearby by islands like Mauritius or even east coast of Madagascar. If you find one or two pieces, more will show up too. Finally we may be getting to the closure stage of this very sad air disaster.
If this wing component is verified to be from a 777, then it is virtually guaranteed to be MH370 because no other 777's have been lost anywhere else in the world. Only Boeing can say for sure, so the part will eventually have to be turned over to them.
some people think it is not from the plane, maybe not, but being in the news maybe a friend or relative could prove that it was from a passenger on hat flight, departure pictures or was a, borrowed piece of luggage, who knows, hope it is so as hope for finding more and more things from that missing plane
Cave Dweller, like you, I have the same thoughts. If you recall there was a person on the Maldives who reported a big plane flying over about the time that it would have taken the MH370 to reach the Maldives. And that is in the path of the Reunion location.
Will be interesting to see where they trace the source of the mussels that were found on the plane part. They can also tell if the part was on the beach for any length of time because they will know how long those mussels can live out of water and if they were still alive, then it must have been fairly recent. If they were dead, they can probably determine how long they have been dead to determine when it washed up.
Another crack CSI is on the case...
Better then nothing, need input & comments from people to this story.
Watching "Forensic Files" on TV does indeed help us to think outside of the box.
Better than nothing? - no its not. Speculating and repeating the painfully obvious is not going to find this plane.
It figures debris would eventually wash up on shore. Hope they find enough to figure out what happened.
Great job, Sherlock, because we know the news couldn't have possibly based the story on reports from experts. I hope they watched the same newscast.
Finally they can solve this. When the plane went off course, there really was no way of telling which direction it went. A plane is like a hiker, who will walk in circles without some landmark to watch. Without active control, a plane will slowly drift right or left. The South Indian Ocean is pretty empty of air traffic control. Unless the plane drifted slowly north over Indian air space, there were no radar tapes to look at once they got much beyond Indonesian waters. They assumed it headed more or less straight south, but it appears it actually headed almost west, just enough south to avoid raising the interest of Indian radar watchers. Now that they know where it went, Indian and Sri Lanka will probably have a record of a plane barely on the radar and headed west. Won't be long to find it now.
It's still going to be extremely difficult to find the main fuselage, but it looks like they can ascertain that it indeed went down in the Indian Ocean. If it had crashed in its flight path, there's probably no way that wreckage floats through all those Indonesian islands.
A Boeing aircraft, with full modern computer flight navigation controls, will correct any deviation from the course that is set by the pilot, co-pilot, or navigator. All modern commercial aircraft have satellite navigation, full GPS, and don't 'drift' from the set course. I know I am challenging a lot of armchair quarterbacks, but, I maintained Boeing large aircraft, over a career spanning three decades, as an Air Force Avionics Maintenance Technician.
@ Sage Of Age and nothing could have failed to where it didn't correct that "drift"? That's probably the reason for the crash is that he was relying on a piece of equipment that had failed and he didn't know it.
Yep a lot of crack armchair pilots who have no grasp of the issues and don't even seem to have read the article they are commenting on....
(sitting in armchair and pretending to fly) Oh c'mon Kevin, we totally have all the answers!
(leans forward in chair) NOSE DIVE!!!
They won't know until they find some identification (tag, part serial number, etc...), checking that against all documents on the aircraft from manufacturing to maintenance and airline records that could link the part found on the beach to the actual aircraft. Until then it's just a piece of debris the MIGHT be from MH370.
On the TV news they are saying Boeing engineers recognized part of a serial number on this piece of "flaperon" from a Boeing 777. No other 777's are missing in that area.
"very likely to be from a Boeing 777 but we need to verify whether it is from flight MH370". I would think once it is positively identified as being from a Boeing 777, it shouldn't be too difficult to verify whether it is from flight MH370 or not, just go down the following list of Boeing 777s that have gone down in that area in the past 20 years since it entered service to narrow it down: 1. Flight MH370 Yep, it's verified. Just kidding, I realize that maybe a Boeing 777 wing part may have fallen off a boat as it was being shipped somewhere, and that absent some recorded serial number, it may be impossible to say this part came from that exact plane, but it just kind of struck me as funny that this makes it sound like the harder part is verifying it was from flight MH370, rather than determining what kind of aircraft the part came from.
yea it fell off a boat....lol
Or, it could have fallen off of a plane flying overhead years ago... have to check for any reports of Boeing planes losing parts in the Indian Ocean...
777s are built in Seattle, so I don't imagine too many flaperons are being shipped around the Indian Ocean. The only possibility other than MH370 would be for it to fall off a plane flying over, which I would think would have been something that would have been mentioned or noticed.
My point exactly, @Benjamin, it seems that once this part is confirmed as 777 part, you can be pretty certain it was from MH370.
Ok.... Missing parts. 777s are assembled in Seattle Boeing has parts made and ships parts around the world so it is a possibility even if remote it could have fallen off a ship. It certainly is damaged... Falling Off a plane in flight. If that chunk of wing fell off a plane in flight it is already hurtling toward the ground. Aerospace Parts - Are all serialized, have markings and are tracked forever. Most likely those markings are on that piece. So pick up the phone and call Boeing with the serial number and they can tell you what plane it came off. They already know in other words...
All parts have serial numbers that are tracked for each aircraft. That's how they will double check whether its from that particular 777
@Millertime Right - that's what I just said... That's a significant and large section and if you notice a good piece of it is missing. So serial number may or may not be present...
@SomeOne Sorry I didn't see your answer. Just was writing :)
Fallen off of a ship or a plane? You can't be serious lmao.
@Neal - Cargo falls off ships all the time. Fallen off a plane is pretty funny though.
I hope that the families of those victims can soon find closure.
We all hope that happens. Sadly though, many won't feel any closure until the bodies have been recovered. That may be a very difficult scenario.
By this time probably an impossible scenario.
Yes, but where did the plane go down, do they still look in the same place? did this just drift? or did the plane go down over there? Still going to be very difficult to find..Sad situation. We need to find it though, it was supposed to be one of the safest planes ever, with like 3 back-ups for everything, but fire could erase all that.
Hmm I doubt there's much left of them, after all this time, Robert. :(
NO, Linda, Islam downed the plane. Hopefully soon China will kick out muslim aircraft.
My opinion (since I'm not an expert) is that there are no bodie left to be found. Either totally consumed by the elements or ocean dwellers.
It would be a greater mystery if the Boeing777 part was NOT from MH370. As far as I know, no other Boeing777 is unaccounted for, at least not on that general area!
Nick, Did you check the list that came in last month?
There are still other large aircraft the size of a B777 that were lost over water and have been found back only partially. Air France 447 off Rio de Janeiro which crashed in June 2009 is such case. That was an A330-200 of which the wings were also painted white, so close to the livery of Malaysian Airlines MH370 though wings on Malaysian are more grayish. However, the kind of serial numbers found back here rather suggest that this came from a Boeing, not an Airbus.
The French justice was the only one to open an inquest just after the crash... or disappearance (one French family - mother and kids - was in this plane). When the French justice asked last year the Rolls Rolls company about his motors, the company refused to answer to the French juge. Each motor has a special ''black box'' giving a signal (impossible to cut) and showing every 5 minutes the exact position of the flight. Why have they refused to give this information to the justice and the public ? It's really a chance this piece of plane appeared on a french island and could be studied by ''gendarmes'' (soldiers) in this laboratory, the best one, specialized in armament, in Toulouse,
Where to start? The engines don't have black boxes. The BEA, not the gendarmes, will do the inquest. The gendarmes are part of the army but are police. The BEA has warehouse and laboratory in Toulouse, and as there's Airbus assembly plant there there's plenty of additional machines if they need them.
I pray this is the plane, then they could follow the ocean currents and it could give them a direction to follow and an area to look. I even wonder if Google to do an ocean scan of the topography with their maps and increase the resolution. to see if the world could assist in locating it again. We are too advanced of a world to lose a plane like this. I still to this day don't understand how pilot has the ability to disable it tracking system in the air. When a plane is carrying our loved ones and we are putting our lives in other peoples hands, no one should have the ability to shut off a tracking system.
We all need to break the back of the pilots' unions. For the good of humanity.The unions demand pilots' ability to turn off even passive monitoring instrumentation. Thus the current wave of religious lunacy motivated pilot-created aircraft wrecks. Maybe the public would be safer with robot planes!
Maybe it should be done with Google idea
I don't know what Google Idea is, but i will look it up. Whatever the reason for pilots having the ability to shut it off, it is wrong.
Another article says the currents would be nearly impossible to follow and what you could do would lead to 1000s of miles diameter search area so unfortunately it doesn't sound like it's going to help all that much.
Google just buys the satellite images they use, the government has much better higher resolution ones to evaluate.
You do realize how deep that water is, right??? The black boxes are not going to be sending out the ping anymore, so that would be like looking for a grain of sand in a mountain of dirt!!!
Actually no we are not "too advanced of a world" to lose a plane like this. That's part of the problem: people are assuming we have a level of technology that we don't.
I do believe that we might have had a much better chance of finding it, if the tracking system wasn't disabled.
There is no way to track currents after a year. Even a 1% deviation in the track could result in it being hundreds of miles away.
Hopefully they have a better idea where the plane might be.
Don't bother to say it then.
They should search the area close to the Reunion Island, never know.
16 months later? Will be interesting to see if they can back track the winds and currents.
They can do the back tracking but it won't get them any closer to the main wreckage than they are now.
I think in some secret location, some organization is back-tracking their high definition satellite images. They just cannot tell you that they are doing it, nor they have it.
Many people wonder why the wreckage was sent to Toulouse. It was found on a French island so the BEA (the equivalent of the NTSB) is in charge. They have a warehouse and laboratories in Toulouse and there's Airbus next door with plenty of machines if needed. Boeing experts are probably already settled in their hotel in Toulouse to help with the inquest, and as is usually the case the NTSB should have sent someone too.
"very likely to be from a Boeing 777 but we need to verify whether it is from flight MH370". Is there another 777 missing with fresh paint that we don't know about?
No, according to TV news. Boeing engineers are nearly certain the wing piece is a "flaperon" from a 777, and no other 777's are missing in that area so it must be a part of MH 370.
How did it end up in the Indian Ocean near Africa if it is indeed MH370 debris?
If it's from a 777 wing then wouldn't it have to be MH370? No other 777's unaccounted for in the world I don't think. As for determining place and cause of crash, we still may never know despite this finding.
Not sure the make of the aircrafts but there are several airplane crashes unaccounted for around the world so yes it very well be from another wreck although a slim chance the ocean is a big place with a lot of area to search
what if someone planted it ? crazy yes but plauseible
That's what I'm saying. Use some common sense.
IF it's from a 777 then yes. There was a Airbus crash it could have come from as well. We will see.
No, Read Between The Lines, just crazy.
I believe the part they found is only used on a 777 and there haven't been any other 777's lost over the ocean. The ocean currents would carry the debris towards that island if it crashed where they think it went down.
Crazy and highly unlikely, but possible.
Let`s take one thing at a time. It shall be sent to Tolouse, where I cannot immagine that they will vot find out for rather sure and for definite whether it is from the lost plane Yes, og No. I would wait for that before we discuss.
Why y'all down on "Read"? It IS lplauseible.
what's with the thumbs-down for my comment? I was responding to the original comment.
Darren...I suspect it's because you agreed that it could be "planted". Why would anybody do that? Who would gain from that? What would be the point? It makes no sense whatsoever.
Darren - don't even try to understand what people do on these message boards as such an overwhelming majority are complete morons and trolls.
@Darren... Better question. Why do you care?
Leroy- I didn't agree that it was planted!! I agreed with E's original post...Jeez, people!!
Darren, then you should identify the person you are responding to, as you did with me. When you don't it appears that you are responding to the post directly above you.
well let's use a little bit of logic. The part of the wing was from a 777, I don't know of too many of those that have gone missing and it is a flap so if it fell off one in flight it would have made serious news. Sadly I am thinking the family's will get the sad closure the so rightly deserve. What is still the big mystery to me is from day one then knew the plane was way off course. Why did the search part of the ocean they knew would not have involved the missing flight. An awful waste of time, manpower, and money and had anyone survived it would have been weeks to get to them. Something is just not right with the whole story from Malaysia Air and the families deserve the truth.
I wasn't aware they knew where the plane in fact crashed into the ocean. From what I recall the search area was based on where they THOUGHT the plane may have gone down.
There is something Big here that the GovernmentS are trying very hard to hide??
JC needs to stop watching the X Files.
I'll bet other debris starts washing up on this island over the next couple of weeks. I'll bet if they follow the prevailing currents that hit this island backwards they might find other isolated islands along it where debris has washed up unnoticed.
wow how intuitive, I salute you Captain Hindsight! YEAH!!!
Shang. Why you gotta be a pric*?
I'll bet WrR will bet on that
Hay, this is your proverbial 'needle in a haystack.'
If it is from a 777 it has to be from MH370. No other 777 has crashed where the debris has not been recovered. This is also the only 777 that has crashed into the ocean.
It HAS to be MH 370? It most certainly does not HAVE to be from MH 370.
If it is, in fact, from a 777, it HAS to be from 370 as no other 777 is missing, according to the news.
Well yeah the news is completely trustworthy and accurate all the time. Thumbs up!
The were secretly going to Diego Garcia, but they tore off part of the wing and threw out a suitcase just to throw everybody off the trail.
Diego Garcia is not uninhabited. I think someone would have noticed a big jet landing there.
So how do you explain the luggage and the wing?
The airplane hit the ocean, somewhere west of Australia, the wing floated to the island. I personally don't think the luggage is from MH370. It looks too nice to have been in the ocean for over a year.
hope they find one of those stickers that they place in the bags when you check in, which will help identify the flight number and perhaps bring closure.
That wing component for a start...all that's needed is a serial number, the part number is important but a serial number is unique...in the technical records for that particular aircraft it will be recorded. Hope they find it, and eventually trace where the wreckage is on the seabed. RIP to the Passengers and crew and hope the next of kin get some concrete proof of what happened.
rob… you forgot to add your dreary snivel about your prayers and all. Too busy drinking in your trailer?
Slimon...I'm curious as to what creates something like you. Were you dropped on your head when you were a baby, did your parents do drugs, what causes what used to be a human being to become what you are today?
Inside this wing component was written "Kil Roy was here"!
French island in the Indian Ocean? Oh. You mean a French colony in the Indian Ocean.
So I wonder how long it takes them to compare those serial numbers. The Suspense is killing me.
Hopefully it will be quicker than the WACO investigation is moving !!!
My guess is that they knew within a day or so of finding the debris. They just haven't ANNOUNCED that they knew.
Do they put serial numbers on every piece of the plane so it can be identified. Would be wise to do so, if not.
Why would they send a Boeing aircraft part on a Malaysian jet to Toulouse for examination?
Boeing is in Washington. Wouldn't they be the best ones to look at it?
yes but the island is under French jurisdiction ,,,
So Airbus can reverse engineer it.
They haven't verified that it's Boeing yet.
Airbus may be the manufacturer of the part. USA made aircraft have parts produced from all over the world.
I don't think the plane went down any where near where they said . I think the eye witness that said they saw the plane fly over the island they lived on was right . They had no reason to lie ! and if I had the money I would be talking to them . The plane went down way north and west of where they say . I got the time but not the money to look and its a shame the family of all the people on board may never find there loved ones .
I totally agree with you. I have been saying for a long time that most likely the plane never turned south but stayed on the orginal course it was on when it flew over malysia.
Seems like there is a path in the current leading to this area. They need to trace that track back and perhaps will find more pieces to this puzzle. It showed on the news that the currents in the water basically go in a huge circle kind of like that in a pool to the pool skimmer........they need to backtrack from where those pieces were found following the current backward. Good luck. I do hope they are on to the big one here. The families so need closure.
THANK YOU...if you hadn't posted this insight on here, it would have NEVER occurred to professional investigators who do this for a living!
well, its one of the more intelligent posts on this blog. have you read some of the idiotic comments........yours included? Hey porkie.....go have sex with yourself.
Wow. You must be an oceanographic engineer or something. Thank you for bringing this to everyone's attention! :)
Yes, Porgie, keep in mind your "professional investigators" have spent $100+ million fruitlessly, so many they could use a little help.............
AND I rest my case..........look at the number of dolts here who have nothing more to offer than put downs.............well, up till yesterday, NO ONE thought of this. so you ALL, except Tony, can go have sex with yourselves. Did you offer anything more intelligent? Oh, you didnt, then phq off!
@ Tony. You said what I was thinking.
To Whom...that's a snappy comeback, son. You come up with a Captain Obvious post and expect to be applauded? Here's a piece of paper that says "Turn Me Over" on both sides. It should keep you busy while the adults finish our conversation. There's a good lad, run along now.
Oh, and To Whom...no, I'll go have sex with your wife. Again.
And that completely shows your ignorance. IM A FEMALE..............boy how we draw stupid conclusions based on nothing! lol.....jokes on you, bud.
Male/female you look like a moron fighting with strangers on the Internet
To Whom This Concerns beats out Porgie in thumbs up by a huge margin!
Breaking news: Females have wives too.
Fortunately, my self esteem doesn't hinge on thumbs up on a Yahoo forum... Time to move out of your parents' basement.
Heaven forbid the OP makes a post to generate conversation. All the trolls rather you just try to belittle others like they do because they fail at life in the real world. So trolling makes them feel more important than the are in real life. Lol clowns
Rachel, you are so right. Tony, thanks for mentioning the OBVIOUS.....just used that word since those others did. But the numbers do speak for themselves! ;o) Porkie......neither does mine. You too, bud..........
I have several wives. Fortunately, none are like Porgie!
OMG. The number of thumbs up to this comment says volumes about the level of cognitive thinking on these boards and it's scary. No one ever thought of this until you said so - are you serious? I'm outta here!
Jan........the first I heard it was YESTERDAY!!!! Have you known this for MONTHS??? Why didnt YOUR vast brain mention it long before this??? lol.....Good, dont let the door hit you where the good Lord split you? You felt a need to come here to put down.....nice going....
To Whom This Concern "...well, up till yesterday, NO ONE thought of this." Which is a complete lie - this was talked about a year and a half ago. That you weren't paying attention is your problem.
lets see....jan=porgie=dan=kevin.....its easy to change your alias and come back spewing more put downs.
Let me see if I can present my question to you in a clear and concise manner: How many aircraft have they lost in that area over the past year or two? That may aid you in finding your own answer to what aircraft this cold be.
OK, I didn't leave yet - this is like watching a train wreck. They were talking about ocean currents way back when the plane was first reported as missing. And I can assure you that I am not Porgie, Dan, or Kevin. Have you ever heard the saying about it being better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt?
kevin, gee ok....then if its been out there for a year and a 1/2 as you say, then these scientists around the world have really missed the mark here. What were they waiting for if they all knew this so long ago??? Hm???? Nice try bud. Jan, YOU are the train wreck. If you think this is so absurd, why in HELL do you keep coming back??? I think YOU should follow your own advice, there, darlin'!!!
@Jan, the saying doesn't quite go that way, but of course you already knew that. Best you remain silent and not APPEAR to be a fool, then open your mouth and remove all doubt. You're welcome
It's a big ocean and you have a small brain.
Did you miss the part of the article where they said there is 46,000 miles of ocean within that current? Uh, Goring, do everybody a favor and look up the word "paraphrase" in the dictionary. I believe you're not familiar with it.
Like I said, this is like watching a train wreck. I can't take my eyes off of it!!!
You all have made some really valid points, thank you everybody for posting, and this thread is now closed . Thanks again
I said basically the same thing in a comment yesterday when the wing piece was found and you would not believe the hate comments I got in return for that posting. maybe a family member will recognize that faded piece of a back pack.
Carolyn, thats all I did and it blows up into the real slug fest. Sorreeee.......Thanks for sharing a similar "beating". People only do that because they can, and I believe it helps them to feel better about themselves. I simply made an observation and this is what happened. ;o)
lol this is why people like Jan think they are smart or something till of course they open their mouths and remove all doubt of being smart.
So it was not taken by alien as told by CNN.
They would certainly be able to tell if it was from the wing of a Boeing 777 and lastly how many 777's are unaccounted for in that part of the world. Should not take long at all!!!
MH370 is the only 777 to have ever gone missing so any wing segment from a 777 is undoubtedly from MH370.
Great. CNN will be covering this around the clock for the next 3 months.
Better than the drivel we get daily about Kim Kardashian.
Yea I can't stand that pig either
@eagle man: I like your comment but the word pig is kind of ugly. You made me laugh tough.
Hope they do THE REALLY BIG MAP again....know the one they were walking on,,,,
She's a pig. I stand by it.
They might want to look to see if any debris washed up elsewhere in the area, including nearby Mauritius and Madagascar.
Wow! I'd volunteer for that beachcombing duty~!
"He said the wing component was being sent to Toulouse in southwestern France for further examination." Why would you send a possible Boeing part to Toulouse where AirBus is located?
Maybe because it was found on a French island ?
The wing part, thought to be that of the B-777 was sent to France? Boeing manufactured that. ID would be more decisive and quicker.
La Reunion is a part of France. It was discovered on French territory, so they are investigating. Obviously, they will work with Boeing on conclusively identifying the part. Perhaps more important is identifying the marine life as to age, type and origin, so they can determine where the part has been for the past year and a half. Boeing wouldn't know anything about marine biology and ocean currents. The French would.
France has the rights over this part. Boeing or the airlines has not come out officially but this is from the missing 777, there's no other 777 missing in this part of the world & also heard this is from a special 777 model. Just trying to find an appropriate means to notify the families. Hope they find the rest of the plane & figure out what happened !
"The wing part, thought to be that of the B-777 was sent to France? " Thought by whom? Doing an investigation doesn't mean fitting data into an existing narrative. People familiar with aircraft components will examine it and make a determination without relying on low resolution internet graphics. That their conclusion will likely confirm our "gut" feeling isn't a validation of our instincts.
there has only been one triple7 go missing, this won't be hard to determine.
That luggage piece seems to have had another history than the wing- flap. It has hardly been to sea, it is not grown with seaweed. The history of things at sea is rather consequent. If not cowered with rather poisoneous paint, that also will be washed off rather soon, it grows everywhere in normal salty seawater. What that man is showing on the picture is what I would call normal and common garbage from land or from aboard a ship, that has not been to sea for more than maximum a few weeks.
The report is that the luggage had wheels which were very rusty.
Good thing they're not sending you to Toulouse
Maybe the aircraft shifted, opened up an area where the luggage was located. Maybe it caused pieces of the wing to break off at the same time.
I was wondering if any of the life growing on that piece of wing has any life that could tell of a particular area of the sea that it has passed through that might show it's path. /shrug.
That was a bit mangled, but I think you can see what I meant. Sorry.
And the mystery deepens... even if they prove both these items are from flight 370, what happened to the plane? What it hijacked?? Did the pilot want to commit suicide? Did the pilot hijack the plane? Did the plane land somewhere else before it crashed? I have a funny feeling this one will go down in the history books as partially unsolved.
@MJ: I'm sure there will be many movies, books written about this mystery. Then all the conspiracies about what happened. Either way, a real tragedy for a lot of people. I watched a public tv show on it just recently & the strange trail this plane took before disappearing was very weird. I think the pilot was guilty or it was sabotaged. We may never know.
Well, if this is true, then the theory of the airplane landing somewhere is out. Solving the mystery won’t stand a chance, until more pieces of the aircraft have been found and some math is done on where it may have come down in the first place!
It's fun when conspiracy theorists have their theories shot down. Nope the plane did land in Iran, or on some small island. Nor did aliens take it. The US didn't shoot it down nor did the Chinese or Russians. Occums Razor: The principle states that among competing hypotheses that predict equally well, the one with the fewest assumptions should be selected. Other, more complicated solutions may ultimately prove to provide better predictions, but—in the absence of differences in predictive ability—the fewer assumptions that are made, the better.
Not at all. The nutjobs will just say the government planted this debris.
Funny how they spent millions and millions and thousands of hours searching and calculating, etc, etc. and NOTHING was discovered until these things happen to wash up on shore? Great job folks.
@Jim_K, They already are saying that.
How do you come to that conclusion? Finding small piece does not necessarily mean anything. If your theory is that the plane landed somewhere, you could also theorize that a piece unique to the 777 be placed in the ocean to accumulate 15 months of barnacles, then placed somewhere to be found. If they were searching for a body and found a finger, can you conclude the person is dead?
@Joshua C: awesome post! Thumbs up.
Seriously, Paul. How friggin paranoid are you? Wearing tin foil hats? It's morons like you that just irritate everyone, with any sense.
Ur an idiot if you believe that
I didn't say it was my theory, just saying it is impossible to conclude anything from one random floating plane part. As for the backpack, they probably find dozens of those every year cleaning the beach, just happened to find one this week.
@Easy Coast Video it's not nearly as funny as your "matter of fact" attitude. The ocean is HUGE, and you can't just fly a plane endlessly over hundreds of miles of ocean in the hopes that you find what in comparison is a teeny tiny piece of an airplane, eventually you would have to land and refuel (and the place to do that is several hours away from where they were searching)
That piece of luggage doesn't look like it's been in the ocean for over a year, jus sayin'.
@Dee maybe the aircraft shifted and opened up a large section. Maybe pieces of the plane broke off at that time. Who knows.
Dee, all what you said makes sense except the "jus sayin"
Of course the conspiracy people will say "it was planted" because otherwise they wouldn't be the conspiracy people!
JR; Jeeze Louise, leave 'em alone. They need conspiracy theories to get them through their empty days.
It was the second plane on the grassy knoll that they found and I'm pretty sure that's a movie studio not the Island of La Reunion
Obviously, it landed in the ocean. Isn't that somewhere?
They have now come with another theory, the plane landed and pieces were tossed in the ocean to be found.
If this is actually from MH370, the Malaysian Government is going to lose some serious face.
They should have none left by now.
-19.953291, 78.936707 with a 1500NM radius would be a good place to start.
Interesting there doesn't appear to be any algae or anything growing on the bag. Is that normal after all this time?
I was thinking the same thing, Aubrie. That bag doesn't look like it's been tossed around in the ocean for over a year.
It's normal if it was dropped along with other bits and pieces of "evidence" from a B-52 three nights ago, which is not at all outside the realm of possibilities. Not like this type of thing has never happened before...
I've been reading that the island is suffering from an unusually large number of shark attacks. I am willing to bet they have been feeding on the passengers and have gotten a taste for humans. Sharks, like bears, get a taste for human meat and begin to hunt for us.
Hopefully this will will give them a clue where to back trace currents & locate the plane, if out there. If it is MH370, More heartache for the families. Peace be upon them.
What will conspiracy theorists do if this turns out to be debris from MH370? I suppose they can find a way to "rationalize" it (and I use the term loosely here).
They'll say the stuff was planted.
A salient fact about conspiracy theorists is that evidence against their conspiracy becomes part of the conspiracy in their little heads. This will only PROVE that their conspiracy is true!
Keep reading. They're claiming things were planted because they don't understand ocean currents.
Kinda like the "BLACK LIVES MATTER " folks.....
bob, I hope you have enough cognitive agility to comprehend that your post is not even tangentially analogous to this topic? I suppose you just wanted to get that off your chest(?).
DB, I am really impressed with your command of the English language, however, your last statement is false . First off, my statement was actually more directed at DA's remark, but does address your original post also. The "conspiracy theorists" of the recent events involving killing of "black" persons who refused to comply with police requests follow the same train of thought that both you and AD allude to...... I have nothing "to get off my chest" , just a accurate comparison...
bob, I respectfully disagree. I think your attempt at an analogy, while admittedly closer than I thought after your reasoned explanation, is still a little off the mark. Black Lives Matter as some remote basis in fact even if it has been histrionically manifested. As I understand the movement (and I am no expert on it), the genesis was the perceived occasional (my word) unfair abuse administered by cops on young Blacks. This perception has been reinforced, even if blown out of proportion, by media reports of a few legitimate seemingly similar misdeeds by police. MH370 conspiracisy theorists, on the other hand, have no confirming reports or evidence. Rather, they have been fueled by the lack of evidence contradicting their claims.
Aliens took the plane and dumped the parts there.
Having been a flight instructor for a bunch more years than I sometimes like to remember, I'd like to be "Devil's Advocate" for a moment here since it looks like this tragedy may be in the final stages of being 'solved' in the, hopefully, not too distant future. Many feel the pilot may be at fault for the flight's ending, but that would necessarily also mean the involvement of the co-pilot as well, which is possible...if he was not killed in the cockpit or 'locked out' as per the Germanwings incident. My theory is that there may have been a catastrophic flight deck decompression, effectively rendering BOTH pilots unconscious or incapacitated before they had a chance to don their oxygen masks, which can usually be done in a simulated emergency in about 15 seconds...when you're probably EXPECTING to have to react ! If one or more of the cockpit windscreens blew in at 500 mph or more, both crew may have been fatally injured in a few seconds; any number of devices involved in the 777's flight management system could or would have been affected which may answer why the sudden unexplained course reversal, the transponder system ( single switch on the center console ) being disabled and absence of all communication with the aircraft. A badly injured pilot ma have pulled on the controls making the plane change course ! If the ailerons and elevator trims had been set, then the 777 may have managed to successfully maintain a reasonably level flight attitude if the manual adjustment on the autopilot had not been changed. This adjustment #$%$ is usually located on the forward panel under the flight deck glare-shield which would offer some protection from being hit or changed from it's preset altitude hold setting. If this scenario was, indeed, the case then with both crew incapacitated, the 777 would have maintained a pretty 'straight and level' flight attitude until the tanks were depleted and may have 'pancaked' into the ocean with a minimum of structural degredation. This might explain the strange lack of debris usually associated with airline accidents. If and when the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorders can be recovered and analyzed, only then might we begin to understand the probable true cause of this tragedy !
I'm not buying unconscious pilot. One pilot could have overpowered the other; it's not necessary that both were involved. This aircraft was intentionally maneuvered around the southern tip of Thailand to avoid violating their airspace and then north and west to go around the northern tip of Sumatra, thereby avoiding Indonesian airspace, and then due south to the open ocean. That's a whole lotta intentionality for someone who is supposed to be unconscious. In addition, there was no attempt to set this aircraft down anywhere. The point of departure is also too convenient for an unconscious pilot - transferring from one country's ATC to another's. This is a point that, if someone wanted to abscond with the A/C they would do it because it creates a whole lotta confusion as to where the aircraft is and who has control of it, and that's exactly what happened. If the pilots were truly unconscious, as we saw with Payne Stewart's A/C, the A/C would not have maneuvered in the way it did; it would have just continued on in virtually a straight line, but that's not what happened. Movements were made by this aircraft to intentionally avoid raising the suspicion of surrounding countries and provoking a reaction from those countries that would have occurred if the aircraft had violated those country's airspace. These maneuvers were intentional, not random, because such random movements cannot be made by a pilotless aircraft; they require a conscious person to be at the controls causing the aircraft to maneuver in this manner. I know pilot's don't like to think that they guy/girl sitting next to them, the person they have to entrust their lives to, find it difficult to accept that person could sneak up behind them and slit their throat at any given moment, but it is not out of the real of possibility; it CAN happen
The comparison of Stewart's aircraft with MH17 is inappropriate because the two of these aircraft behaved differently. One, Stewart's plane, where we know the pilots were unconscious, did not behave in the same manner MH17 did. Stewart's plane just went straight off until it ran out of fuel and crashed. MH17 on the other hand, made a number of maneuvers that could not have been made without someone at the controls of the aircraft. It's nothing more than a forced analogy without any evidence to support it. People want to say it's the same, not because it is, but because they want to believe that what happened here is the same as what happened to Stewart.
MH370, not 17. your theory doesn't account for the rest of the flight crew.
It was a nose gear tire fire. It's the only thing that explains everything. The avionics bay is separated from the nose gear bay by 2mm of aluminum.Tires burn slowly but very hot. The avionics began to start smoldering and the smoke rises up into the cockpit above. The pilot thinks he's got an electronics fire and immediately turns towards the nearest airport with a simple approach, long runway and best emergency equipment, which is back across the Peninnsula and at the same time begins climbing a steeply as he can in order to get above FL36 where there isn't enough oxygen to sustain a fire as he plans to de-pressurize to put the fire out, and at the same time he pops the main breaker bar and the transponder, radios and everything else are now off which he believes will prevent the fire from restarting when he re-pressurizes after the fire is out. The first thing he restores power to is the flight control systems computer because the 777 is a bitc# to fly without it. Except burning rubber once ignited produces it's own O2 supply... At FL36 he begins de-pressurization and the sudden change in pressure causes the heat fatigued aluminum panel between the gear bay and the avionics bay to flex inwards and it cracks and the pressure hull is now directly vented to the atmosphere and the rate of de-pressurization goes from controlled to hurricane force and the cockpit is immediately filled with a mini-tornado of thick black toxic smoke he can't see anything through. He instinctively noses over into a steep dive and if by some miracle his O2 mask is still attached and he is still conscious his next action is to pop the side vent window in hopes of clearing the smoke so he can see what is happening and pull out before he impacts the ground, and if anybodies O2 mask was still attached to their face, it isn't any longer. Everybody onboard is now unconscious and filling their lungs with toxic smoke as the plane dives towards the ground. at 8,000 AGL the flight control computer, which the auto-pilot is part of automatically causes the plane to recover from it's dive and it resumes straight and level flight at FL3 and as everybody is now dead it flies onwards until there is no more fuel, the engines flame-out and it glides into the sea at 600 and something kts somewhere near Reunion Island. Either that or they flew it to Diego Garcia, dumped all the passengers and crew in 14,000 of water, repainted to look like a 767 and flew it to a hidden location where they are storing it until the day they use it to impersonate another 777 flight in a false flag type operation. Take your pick...
Malaysian military radar reported a climb to FL450. I believe this was an intentional attempt to either destroy the A/C or expedite the asphyxia of the pax and crew. This altitude is above the rated service ceiling for this type. Start by asking yourself what the purpose was for taking the A/C above its service ceiling and everything else will fall into place.
joseph, do not confuse service ceiling, which is based on rate of climb, with max altitude. two different things.
@ Cass - Are you trying to differentiate between service ceiling and absolute ceiling? I've never heard of a formal A/C specification of "max altitude".
joseph, then i suspect you've never worked in flight test at Boeing. are you an aerospace engineer?
@Cass - Were you going to answer the original question?
i thought i did. we don't usually refer to it as such.
@Cass - You obviously do not have any experience in the aviation industry. Go back to your FSX. . . .
only 30 yrs as an aerospace engineer, joseph. at northrop and boeing.
perhaps you can look up FAA cert criteria. i have the book on it as i've worked with the chief test pilots in both companies. and you?
oh, am also a pilot who has flown coast to coast in my own plane.
question: w/o cheating, do you know what Vmu means in flight test?
Regardless of what terminology you use, Joe is right, the climb to a much higher altitude was employed by whomever was at the controls of this aircraft to disable those people in the passenger compartment by exposing them to the much lower temperatures and oxygen levels at that altitude.
ok, i'll save you the acronym trouble. V should be obvious, mu is minimum unstick. this is a FAA required cert test, usually performed at EAFB. that's Edwards Air Force Base, where i have supported many flight tests, as well as ground, such as GVT.
the climb to FL450 should not have affected pax unless pressurization was impacted. such a climb wouldn't do that under normal circumstances. that's where max altitude comes in. it affects the fuselage structure. and max altitude is hugher than service ceiling, i assure you. flown over the cascades, rockies, etc. in small plane.
btw, w/e FSX is (means special effects to me) i deal with engineering.
Whatever you call it, when you expose a human being to the atmosphere at the altitude the aircraft was at, they will suffer the effects of hypothermia and or hypoxia and disable them.
not unless the structure has been damaged, which at FL450 on a 777, it shouldn't haven't been. we build safety margins into these planes. my specialty is structural dynamics.
And that happens whether they are in an aircraft or not, so all this bogus talk is irrelevant because we are talking about the effects of extreme conditions on human beings that are the same whether they are in an aircraft or not. The pilot can vent the cabin to the atmosphere ON PURPOSE! It doesn't need to be damaged.
sorry, typo up there, not hugher but higher. for structural dynamics, we engineer a 15% margin higher per FAA regs.
i doubt that's what happened but we likely will never know. the indian ocean is huge.
Well, if someone wanted to disable everyone else on board, they certainly could have done that, and that would be one reason for taking the aircraft to a higher altitude; as you know, it's colder and there is much less oxygen at higher altitudes. The job would done more thoroughly and more quickly at a higher altitude. I don't doubt that's what happened here because this plane was intentionally taken, and one thing someone who was going to do that would want to do is knock the passengers out so they don't cause any problems.
taking the plane to FL450 wouldn't have mattered compared to cruising if the intent was to disable pax. anything above 14,000 ft would be sufficient. o2 required for pilots at 12,500, pax at 14,000 per FAA.
Did I say it was necessary to go to that altitude? Or is that you putting words in my mouth? Yeah, definitely the latter; nice try. Of course it's not necessary to increase altitude to accomplish that, but as I REALLY said, it would happen more quickly at higher altitudes because of there is a negative correlation between altitude and both factors that cause hypoxia and hypothermia; as altitude increases both temperatures and oxygen levels decrease. So, if the aircraft went to a higher altitude, it's possible the person who effected that maneuver wanted to expose those in the passenger compartment to lower temperatures and lower oxygen supply than what it was at the aircraft's original altitude. Is this really that difficult for you to understand?
i wasn't trying to put words in your mouth. just stating my opinion as you are yours
just a fact: above 35k, hypoxia occurs in 30 s.
Time to blame the Russians again.
Perhaps someone can help me understand why ". . . the wing component was being sent to Toulouse in southwestern France for further examination." It's a Boeing plane which was made in the United States. Airbus planes are made near Toulouse in France. Seems to me it would make more sense to send the part to Seattle in the northwestern U.S.
It would make more sense to me also, but Reunion Island is a French possession and the French know everything.
I'd say there are two "official worldwide aircraft safety agencies" corresponding to the two nations still producing large commercial jets: France's BEA, and the USA's FAA/NTSB. Those are the two relevant authorities. Each investigates all accidents within their respective nations. But they also serve their respective nations' aircraft industries. For example, when a Boeing crashes anywhere on Earth, or when ANY airplane crashes within the USA, the FAA/NTSB will be there. When an Airbus crashes anywhere on Earth, or when anybody's plane crashes in France, BEA will be involved. Here we have an American-made part found in French territory, which means both organizations are going to be involved. Not a problem. They'll ID the part and give us a call.
Bill, Stats and Sam - thank you.
I really hope that this is a clue that will lead to finding the jet and not someone trying to get a few minutes of fame.
Why send the part to France? It's not an airbus part its a Boeing part and they are in the United States.
Because Reunion Island belongs to France.
It's not Boeing who does the investigating. Generally, if it's an American plane the National Transportation Safety Board will head the investigation. With international flights, the country the airline is based out of will head the investigation, although a lot of times they'll ask the NTSB for assistance. You should watch Air Crash Investigation, several episodes are on Youtube. You'll get the gist on how they figure out the causes of these things.
Or as The Phantom said, it's French territory so they can also take the initiative to be part of the investigation.
It's got to be the plane since no other 777 is unaccounted for. I'm glad the family members will finally get some closure, and I'm glad it will finally silence the lunatics that said the plane was spirited away to a distant land where the passengers were being held hostage an negotiations were underway and the plane was being rigged with bombs for future attack.
Just how many Boeing 777's are missing. From what I understand just one. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this debris is from MH370.
exactly..... they just don't want to say anything just yet... but anyone with half a nut knows plane parts are not readily found floating in the ocean
Sad to say but let us hope that this is from MH370 and those families may have closure.
Sad to say, but from what I have seen of these families, they will say this is all part of some vast Malaysian conspiracy to try to trick them into believing something that is not true.
I know some have been hoping the plane really landed somewhere and the crew and passengers are living in a LOST situation. Sadly, the debris now washing up my be proof that all were really lost in some horrific accident. Let's up hope they did not suffer.
The "accident" was the pilot taking over the plane and crashing it into the Indian Ocean. It was a deliberate act, not an accident.
No. I don't think anyone grounded in reality thought or hoped that.
That was a stupid theory to begin with
boy I really don't think anyone on here understands the word hope. I really prey that nothing like this ever happens to you or your family, because my gosh.
Porgie Tirebiter- I accidentally thumbs downed you. Oops! Sorry.
@theresa...pretty narrow minded to say people here don't understand 'hope.' But there's reality too. There is a point in time where you need to deal with reality, or 'hope' can lead to despair.
Wasn't there news of debris washing up on shore somewhere, when they were searching for the plane? Why was that swept under the rug?
well after this long yeah there dead, but if someone wants to hope that maybe they landed somewhere and are just marooned its not far fetched, long shot but not really unrealistic. I think we have seen some pretty crazy things happen with people being lost at sea for extended time being found way after people has given up hope. But even thou most of us don't know not a one of these people, they do have family, and friends, and we wouldn't want people saying this about our family when maybe we havnt given up some kind of hope yet.
I truly wish this is the plane so the family can have closure.
It'll be a relief to finally get hold of that luggage!
There was mention of a possible crash site northwest of Malaysia early on in the investigation. It had appeared that mention was being ignored as not being possible. I've no idea of continuous ocean currents and whether such debris can carry on to Africa from Australia. More reasonably circular currents of the Indian Ocean. But who's to second guess the experts, even though those that mentioned the northwest location were experts in their field too.
I do so hope this will bring closure to the mystery for all concerned, and some small sense of relief to the families that their loved ones aren't being held captive or executed on a remote island in some twisted conspiracy theory. The Indian Ocean is so vast it might never reveal where the plane actually is, but if the wing section is from a 777 then that rules out any other source than MH370. RIP fellow travelers.
Doesn't a plane have Metallurgical DNA?
Possibly, but every piece of the plane has a serial number to identify who made it and when
Yes, but we've got one better. By virtue of it being from a 777 it "has" to be MH370. The only other 777 that was ever "lost" was MH17 the one blown up over Ukraine. Two others were declared total losses after a fire and a hard landing damaged them beyond repair, but what are the chances it's from one of those? I suppose some one could have tossed or lost a piece of a 777 in the ocean but again what are the odds?
A triple seven has a lot of composite parts, that have little if any metal. The flaperon was one such part.
I hope this helps to bring some resolve to the fate of that flight sometime soon. A lot of love ones and family members have been left hanging in limbo.
Did the pieces wash up own its own or did some fisherman pulled it up in in his fishing net? If a fisherman did snag the wing piece, hope he can tell the authorities approximate location. The marine growth can also tell approximate location. State of the growth will tell how long the piece has been out of water. The families of those on board MH370 need to have closure.
They washed up on the shore, so were drifting. They could have drifted thousands of miles in this much time, but at least they have a better idea of where to look once they model the ocean currents from here.
All 777 airplanes are accounted for in the world except MH370. This means there are no missing parts that can show up from any other plane. It is verified this is a 777 wing, so indeed the formality is unnecessary when 99% this is MH370's wing. The next question now is where are the rest of its parts ?
Umm at the bottom of the ocean?
pretty sure of yourself? It is only verified, that it is part of a wing. So I'm afraid that little pesky formality is indeed necessary.
@bold, you are wrong, it is verified that it's a 777 wing. They are verifying that it belongs to MH370, but in absence of any other candidate for a floating broken 777 wing it leads to one conclusion. The aviation industry would need to verify gum was from your shoe after removing it from your shoe.
It may well be, but verification is a part of any investigation. And it shouldn't be that hard to do in this case.
Shouldn't the wing fragment be sent to Boeing for ID? I would imagine that they would know where to look for serial numbers, ID marks, job/production numbers better than anyone else.
Boeing will send investigative engineers to look at the parts. Quicker and cheaper than sending the parts to Boeing. Plus, Boeing has sites all over the world for maintenance etc. It doesn't have to be sent to Everett, WA.
I would like now see a map that shows, where the thought plane had traveled, the so-far searched area of the ocean, and where this piece was found, all on one map...just for my own perusal...
Is there a possibility of bodies or parts of bodies washing ashore?
it is possible, but most organic materials will already be sunken, eaten, or just dissolved.
If the items in that bag can be identified then it could be a help in finding the lost plane.
"Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said the debris, believed to be a part of a wing, was "very likely to be from a Boeing 777 but we need to verify whether it is from flight MH370"." So it might be from a DIFFERENT Boeing 777?? Like these planes just lose this piece inflight all the time? Really?
If other 777s have crashed anywhere in that part of the world, this is why Razak wouldn't say that with 100 percent certainty. The problem with just coming out and making assumptions is that if you're wrong you look pretty foolish.
Najib is being foolish. As I understand it, only four 777s have ever crashed anywhere, and the others were on land. However it has not been established YET that this is a 777 part. [ Najib is meanwhile caught up in a money scandal. High comedy around that~! ]
All they need to to find one serial number on an aircraft part or a luggage tag and many questions will be answered and the search area will finally come into focus.
It appears to me it was slightly off course for China. Pilot did the job, Malaysian Air knows this.
"Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said the debris, believed to be a part of a wing, was "very likely to be from a Boeing 777 but we need to verify whether it is from flight MH370". Well, does anyone know of another B777 that's missing? What a stretch!
I am sure that those forensic engineers at Airbus, located in Toulouse France, will readily confirm that it is indeed a piece of a Boeing made aircraft. Unless the technology is so advanced that they determine that it must be of an alien origin.
Hopefully the families will receive closure.
I wish this is it,maybe one of the families can recognize the bag.
I bet someone will recognize the bag. What a sad story.
This appears to be an all metal piece and if it was in a violent crash if would be on the bottom of the ocean. So I am thinking this plane could have landed in the water. I don't think they searched this far west. If the pieces floated up on the African coast no one would have cared and either sold anything of value or ignored it. I still think if it went down and broke up there would be all kinds of junk floating up all over. Wonder if there are any islands out there that people could hold out on? A long shot of course.
"So I am thinking this plane could have landed in the water." Ah - ya think??
Metal of course, but HOLLOW, with only a tiny hole at one end...so it floated quite nicely. 5-6000 miles is nothing for a drifting object. Look at the giant trash islands floating around the world...like the one that came to the USA from the Fukushima earthquake.
I'm extremely surprised that a 100lb wing segment was the first thing to wash up and now all of a sudden a piece of luggage is found as well. You'd think much smaller segments of the plane/parcels would be located on the island within a year if there was such a "strong current" that brought these items there.
Maybe there were smaller fragments that weren't recognized as being plane parts, and were just collected as trash during a general beach cleanup.
I thought the same thing. But would hope that this "Extensive" search for this plane would have reached a level of "watch for plane like fragments" washing ashore in this region. But hopefully know that we've officially realized parts could be washing onto beaches of local islands, I bet we'll solve the mystery.
Still nothing firm. Only possible or almost certain. So, I suppose that the experts now have no idea where MH370 crashed or did crash?
Ah no it crashed. Pieces of planes generally don't just fall off and float around the ocean. They may not know how or exactly where but it crashed.
Basically, they know what they don't know.
If this piece is from a 777 I think it's unlikely there's another 777 somewhere in the world missing this flap...
All the families have to know what happened to their loved ones, hope this is the beginning of closure for them, it's so very sad.
To all of you conspiracy folks: Yes, it may have been hijacked, but it was not shot down, nor taken to a secret destination.: shooting it down could not be kept quiet, you cannot hide a triple seven anywhere, why would the CIA need it for some bizarre plot, our government can easily get a plane. Now as for the possibility of a UFO....well maybe!
Just a couple thoughts here: Their is tons of all-sorts trash floating in the oceans an drifting ashore daily, such as, plastic's, glass bottles, nylon stuff, just to name a few. (ocean trash). Let's look at this now: large metal airplane parts drifting/floating a-shore in the general vicinity of a rescent aircraft tradgedy is really a mystery! really
I find it oddly interesting that if you draw a line from the "last known position" (near Kuala Lumpur) to Reunion Island, the line almost crosses Deigo Garcia...hmm. Now, because they have spent the better part of a year and millions of dollars to search off the coast of Austrailia, they are going to try and convince you, me, us that the "counter clockwise" flow of the Indian Ocean took that piece all the way from their current search area. These people will do anything to try to avoid looking like fools because they didn't want any attention given to Deigo Garcia or that area of the ocean. There has been some evidence that the captain was playing with Deigo Garcia on his make-shift home computer simulator...so ... what if (and ya, I know, there are a lot of "what if's")...but what if he got a little nervous and entered the wrong coordinates into the FMC (Flight Management Computer) and, quite possibly, without any interim waypoints to check the course along the way, they just flew out there with no backup way to find Deigo Garcia. There are going to be a lot of theories flying around out there (no pun intended---well, maybe a little) and, oh, ya, that piece of luggage they found near the flaperon, if that's from MH370, it just "happened" to take the same course around the Indian Ocean as the Flaperon did??...what are the odds of that???
There will not be a lot of "Theories" as you posit, only one theory will remain. However, there will be many hypothesis'. Critical differences between the two words.
Did the flight have any chance to make it to Madagascar? I don't recall that being a possibility. Just wondering if the pilot had an intentional area he was headed to towards the west, and possibly ran out of fuel. But, seems I recall his only option was northward. Pretty much lends to the idea of flying into know where.
There is so much junk out there floating around of all sorts of shapes sizes and materials washing up. For them to say oh yeah that is a part from a 777 and that luggage instead of coming from maybe a freighter or cruise ship might be from an airplane is really stinky. CNN people just working for a paycheck I guess. What I did with my journalism degree!!
Yes pieces of 777 wings are floating everywhere. You can't be that dense or can you?
How dense are you? Since when is a prime minister an aerospace engineer? BELIEVED to be part of a wing??? Therefore the wing of a 777?
Unless the flight recorder is that piece of flap (and it is not) you can just forget about ever seeing it. Even if it not on the bottom somewhere (and somewhere in this case is huge) there are several floating garbage dumps that you could drive right over it without seeing it.
CNN BREAKING NEWS! At noon Wolf will have a panel of experts to discuss the piece of wreckage found that came from MH370. Those being 2 cab drivers one from India the other from Bangladesh that have been driving airline pilots to and from New York airports for the last 10 years. Both men have seen all the AIRPORT movies.
(another David) If it didn't sound funny in your head, it's not a good idea to post it.
To much speculation. First off the ocean currents could have carried the tail from the exact location they have been looking. It could have also fallen off long before the plane went down so I'm still waiting for more facts.
it is not a section of the tail, try reading 101
I remember when I let my brother drive my new car.. He called me to tell me that the side view mirror "just fell off" .. Turns out that parts like that don't "just fall off" ...
I can read and in another article it was referred to as part of a tail. The great reporting these days. and to Erin parts do fall off of planes. Engines wheels etc. Anthing mechanical can and will break.
Ok, here's my guess: Foul Play. Based on the evidence we have, that's not hard to call. Probably some sort of hijacking/terrorist take-over. But I'm willing to bet that it didn't go the way the hijackers planned it. I think, that honestly, we haven't heard about anybody taking credit for it because the terrorist groups are just as in the dark as to what happened as we are. They are being silent, waiting for news so that they can analyze how to better carry out their plan. They wouldn't want to take credit for something that didn't go as they planned it, because it would up security, and they don't want that. Everything hinges on finding the black boxes. Honestly, not sure if that's going to happen or not...but finding debris certainly helps. I'll point out that the part of the world it came from has a large group of unhappy Muslims in it too.
Robert's theory makes the most sense of any I've heard. Unfortunately, loading that many Lithium batteries ( likely out of greed by the airline owners ) would definitely jeopardize the safety of the passengers and crew. There should be a law against passenger planes carrying such things.
There's a group of unhappy Muslims in DC and one in Seattle, and one in Texas and one in Detroit as well. Spreading that kind of rhetoric is probably unnecessary. It's true, but it's taunting and improperly suggestive, and out of context.
Didn't they say the airplane made a sharp turn after signing off? We have no evidence now to know what really happened, but hopefully we'll know soon.
give me a fckuing break....it WAS NOT lithium battery issue...something sinister by pilot
I for one hope this will start a movement to clean up the rubbish that lands on beaches across the world, not just aeroplane bits and pieces and lost luggage, but the stuff that sea creatures ingest and die from, but I guess there's no mystery or money in that idea.
Start w/ France! Those collecting welfare can man the brooms!
That's exactly what they were doing, genius.
Seemed odd from the get go the one lady whose husband was going on away for a temporary assignment left his wedding ring for one child and his watch for another incase he didnt return, also left his cell phone which is odd, he may not get reception where he was going but in some places he might, like calling from the plane to say goodbye and love you!!! Just a thought!!!
Gee Gwen, let me explain a couple things to you about international travel. 1. Cell phones need to have reception. Not too many cell towers in the middle of the ocean. 2) The flight lost contact in the middle of the night. You know, when most people that travel on business do this thing called "sleeping". 3) your cell coverage is not universal - and often won't work in foreign countries. My cell phone from the USA does not work in Japan or many other places. So unless I need an expensive digital alarm clock, I may very well carry a different phone that does work there with an appropriate SIM card, or will buy a cheap prepaid burner when I am there.
The only thing I think seems strange is that the part of the wing and a piece of luggage show up on the same small island at about the same time and yet nothing else (so far) has shown up. I do hope they will get a complete finding on this plane for the sake of the families.
I don't think it's that strange. The journey of these two things could make you think of it as one piece of flotsam. As the wreckage got dispersed, things went hither and thither, some of it in clumps.
What they should do is make a wing section similar to the one found (a simulation) and place a tracking beacon on it then drop it somewhere and watch it move across the ocean for a few months. Maybe drop a few simulation wing beacons to get a really good idea how the object moves in a few areas.
They don't need to. They already have that kind of data about ocean currents. If they determine this is from the flight, they will be able to model the currents to get a decent idea of the area the plane went down.
I continue to pray that the plane will be found and some of the bodies would be recovered...but the sharks .... We have satelites in space and other marvels to find small things underwater and all countries should come together to find anything anywhere.
The condition of the luggage casts doubt on my original theory - that there was a major fire in the luggage compartment that smothered all of the crew and passengers. So I still believe that there was a fire in the forward battery that destroyed the aircraft controls and possibly the aircrew. But if the passengers were still alive at this time one would expect cell phones to be used and they weren't. This would appear to indicate that the same fire that destroyed the aircraft controls vented the cabins to atmospheric pressure which would very rapidly kill the passengers since they were at some 30,000 ft of altitude when they stopped responding. Are the oxygen mask deployment firmware connected to other cockpit instrumentation? Cockpits are now more or less bulletproof to prevent hijacking. There are never suppose to be less than two crew in the cockpit. That means when a pilot needs to use the water closet a steward takes position inside the cockpit to open the door to let him back in. Since experienced pilots tend to be older there is always the danger of heart attacks. The Boeing jets are now so perfectly designed that they fly themselves and in the event of a loss of crew would fly more or less level until running out of fuel. The fire in the forward battery would be caused by not using ground power units when the aircraft was on the ground. All of the aircraft instrumentation and lighting and air conditioning would be draining the batteries. Then when the engines were started these batteries would be near exhaustion and would undergo full charging rates. This rapidly ages the batteries and causes excess resistance which would cause excess heating during the recharge cycles, The easy fix would be to always use ground power units while the real fix would be to use intelligent charging which would limit the charging rates to full charging rates ONLY between 1/4 and 3/4 full charge. Below or above that the charging rates would be limited to half the manufacturer's suggested full charge rates. I suspect that they already have done that because we saw a sudden disappearance of the battery fires in 777's. These were only in the Asian airlines that didn't have ground facilities in all of their target airports anyway.
@RiceAway..I enjoyed your post. What do you think about the statement that the experts are all saying, that the Acars were turned off manually? Does this fit, or will this change their mind? Could a fire look like it was turned off manually? Thanks
Omg...... why are you posting your theory here and not sharing it with the experts who have a great deal off experience with it, Alfalfa?
@RiceAway - I suggested something similar a year ago...back when all the conspiracy theories were going around....but I would add one thing. Cell phones have limited range, and if a fire happened over the ocean nobody is going to be able to access a cell tower to call out. A fire would not have to be large or rapid enough to incapacitate everybody immediately. It could take quite some time and nobody could call out on their cell phones...as long as they were over the ocean. My theory was...and remains...an electrical problem...perhaps a fire that took out communications ability quickly. The crew realized they had a problem and reset the course back toward land and attempted to control the plane until they lost consciousness either due to smoke inhalation or possibly a depressurization if the aircraft skin was compromised by a fire. As you noted, the plane will fly itself without inputs from the crew...and I suspect it did for hours until it ran out of fuel and glided down...and impacted the water fairly violently...in a remote section of the Indian Ocean.
If there were a fire on board that quickly suffocated passengers and crew, why did the fire not continue to destroy the plane and have it crash shortly afterward? If the plane did continue to fly on auto-pilot until running out of fuel, would it not then nosedive from 30,000' rather than glide in gently? The pilot knocked everyone out and pointed the plane toward the open ocean.
Pilot here. First thing you do with an electrical fire is shut off the mag switch (electrical power) which also kills the transponder. Fitting to what was described and also several eyewitnesses that saw a burning plane descending towards the water. Fisherman and a lady sailor I believe.
@Xracer205 - I don't think anybody said the plane would "glide in gently." I said it would glide down....and impact the water fairly violently. If the air frame was intact when the plane ran out of fuel...it becomes a glider. A 777 is not a good glider, and with nobody - think Sully Sullenberger - at the controls to flair when the plane hit the water it would be rather violent...but you would get pieces surviving like the one they just found on Reunion island. If someone flies the plane into the ocean under power it's going to impact at something like 600 mph...and the pieces are likely going to be smaller and more crumpled than the one they just found.
@Greg or been there... Yes, I added the "gently" more about the descent than the impact. Would it glide at all without power or pilot, though? Or just nosedive under gravity?
@Xracer205 - my only experience flying a plane has been with small private ones years ago....but I suspect the 777 is similar. When you get to altitude in straight and level flight, you "trim the plane." There are little adjusters that set the plane to fly straight and level....and you can let go of the controls. The plane will just cruise along by itself until something changes.....like the the wind direction or the fuel load. If the engine stops.....it will start to glide down. The plane I flew had a glide ratio of something like 10:1. For every 10 feet in moved forward, it would lose 1 foot of altitude....if the engine was off. I did a search for the 777....and I found a glide ratio of 17:1....so better than the plane I was flying. I also found a best glide speed of 250 knots...so I'm guessing that if the plane was trimmed properly and lost power it may well stabilize at that speed...and would hit the water at 250 knots. That's still fast enough to break it to bits....just bigger bits than nose first under power.
It's been a very long time since I maintained commercial aircraft electronics but when other 777's had battery fires they had pictures on the news. It appeared to me that all of the control wiring went almost directly over the battery. The flight left Kuala :Lumpur and was headed for Beijing. It almost immediately (about 5 minutes after takeoff) started to deviate from it's normal planned flight path. This is what gives me that idea that it was a fierce fire. They were WELL within radio range and made no detectable effort to contact. Since there were probably three officers in the cockpit, if it was at all possible I'm sure that they would have made contact. While we can joke about airline pilots, as a rule they are incredibly competent. Practice makes perfect and at any minute over the USA alone there are some 3,000 commercial aircraft in the air. A little less than half of all of the man-made CO2 generated in the world is from commercial aircraft. That is a LOT of practice. When the aircraft sharply deviated they flew over the Straits of Malacca and there are a couple of cities in both Kuala Lumpur and Malaysia that would have been in range of the on-board cellphone booster if it was powered up. This is why I think that something occurred VERY rapidly and points pretty much at a fire taking out the electronics and depressurizing the aircraft disabling the crew and passengers very rapidly. This is why I'm curious as to what causes the oxygen masks to deploy. If this is controlled by the same control electronics as everything else instead of automatic deployment from depressurization alone it points at another major flaw in the design. As a side note - remember that everything is being controlled by a central processor these days instead of separate processors even though they are dirt cheap. This is mainly done so that the control software is much more easily integrated. But remember that recently a hacker took over the control of a Jeep in motion showing another large weakness of close integration. Could a battery fire cutting power to a single central processor be responsible to the complete lack of contact? To address the "water landing" - As I stated - the large Boeing aircraft are really miracles of control. They have all of these control surfaces because they are so well balanced that you have to force them from flying straight and level. Without power and with the crew and passengers out of the picture this aircraft would more or less follow the last heading it was on. When it ran out of fuel it would glide down maintaining a high speed. If there were smooth water it could probably land with minimal damage. But there is almost never smooth water in the South Indian Ocean. So a massively heady aircraft landing cattywampus at high speed on a material 32 times the weight of air would more than test airframe strength. As for the numbers - assuming that a power off glide speed of 450 knots (500+MPH) at a sink rate of 2,000 ft/min you have a glide ratio of what? 22:1? That is a reasonably flat glide so it was the wind and seaway that broke the aircraft up. The wind near the surface turning the aircraft so that it hit at an angle and not in a flat glide. But without specific knowledge of the 777 it is all conjecture.
Uhhh, have you read the stories on this? The transponder was manually turned off. This is a case of foul play, not an accidental fire.
@RiceAway - any electrical problem that disabled the radios would likely take out any cell phone booster too...even if the plane was so equipped. I don't believe any U.S. airlines have them installed, but I couldn't say the same about Malaysian airlines.
@All - I just found the following and I mention it only because it's what I said a year ago. DEBRIS SHOWS MH370 DIDN’T NOSE DIVE BY CLIVE IRVING 07.30.155:50 PM ET With a solid chunk of an airplane to examine, the search for Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 has been re-energized. There is a consensus among experts that the piece of wreckage washed up on a beach on island of Réunion is part of a Boeing 777’s wing, called a flaperon, and that it must be from the missing Malaysian 777. The Daily Beast asked an expert familiar with the Boeing 777 what could be read from just one small but relatively intact control surface like the flaperon. “It looks like the jet went into the water in a gliding/ditching attitude, because otherwise this wing component would have likely been completely destroyed.” This is notably consistent with a scenario that Boeing engineers assigned to the Flight 370 investigation have replicated in their computers. They reverse-engineered the final six hours of the flight, creating the so-called Zombie Flight, surmising that some unknown incident incapacitated the pilots and left the 777 to continue at its cruise height and speed until it eventually ran out of fuel. As the engines flamed out and died, according to the computer models, the 777 did not nose dive but began a spiraling descent without power to the water and splashed down.
Phil - Do you know HOW the transponder receives power? Unless you know everything about the power to the transponder claiming that it was turned off manually is pure BS. People do not commit suicide in this manner without leaving notes in some manner because they are trying to make some sort of point. NOTHING about this loss says that it was anything other than a pure accident. The questions is: what sort of accident. You are just reading something that was written by a none-expert from a previous comment. I'm an electronics engineer and while I know that I would make transponders fail-proof the new way of building things around a single central processor with massive firm and software programs that can have many bugs in them that are difficult to find is totally different than what I would do. I am a multiple processor designer using real time systems.
Reunion Island, is a LONG way from where the plane altered course, and from where they think it might have gone down west of Australia. So, the question is, how did it get so far west, if it is indeed MH370.
the water current took it there. Watch the news. Its all over it.
Ocean currents can transport debris for amazing distances.
It can float that far, look at the debris that floated from Japan to the US after their tsunami a few years ago.
Sea current moves counterclockwise (per news). If that is indeed part of MH370, then the searchers are right on their analogy on where the plane crashed.
not so fast folks.....lets check the speed of the ocean currents and the distance then see if it checks out for the time frame.....
Go ahead Tony, and get started. I think I'll just wait for the experts to do their jobs.
David, you actually said what I was thinking. How long it took that debris to reach our shores.
I still don't see how they could miss a plane load of junk floating in the ocean for a year.
Alan, do you see how small the piece is? Now, look at a map of the Indian Ocean. See how big it is? Voila.
It was nice being able to think that MH370 might have crossed into another dimension and been safe somewhere in time - the finality of finding the debris, makes it a sad reality that they are on the bottom of the ocean.
When has anything ever passed into another dimension? Even Gilligan's Island would be more plausible than that.
Hopefully, this may be a reference point to focus in on what area of the massive Indian Ocean to look instead of just wild guess's like before.
If MH370 went into the Indian Ocean NW of Australia, ocean currents would deposit debris about where these items are showing up.. Hope we have the data necessary to back track and find the rest of the aircraft
The should start at the island it was found and span out to the middle to the ocean. For the debris to start coming ashore, it can't be too far down. The ocean is pushing it toward land. I hope they finally find rest of the plane, the remains of the victims and, most important, the black box recorders.
These poor families need some closure of some sort.
BlestBe: I agree. Closure is another one of those psycho-babble terms that has found its way into the language.
I agree. lost child nearly 12 years ago. no "closure." The closure in the lost plane and people would be that at least the families would know the plane has been found and get a few answers. Believe me, it will not cause "death" closure.
cb: I do have sympathy for you loss.
That is why i said "some closure", there is no closure, true, but not knowing is so hard. I feel heart ache for those who lose children. i know if one of my boys were "lost at sea" that would be harder. Just what happened?
There was the story of a family sailing from India to SE Asia and saw a low flying commercial jet with fire coming from an engine. News entities dismissed this because it was out of the area where the suspected engine signals indicated the jet was. This however, would put the luggage and wing section found off Madagascar closer to where the plane may have gone down. This sailing story should be revisited.
CNN BREAKING NEWS, Missing piece of MH370 prove that plane broke apart after being hit with alien tractor beam. Wolf, at noon will have a panel of experts to discuss if the all passengers could have been transported off the plane safely. Followed up by Anderson Coopers discussion on how passengers are adjusting to alien food and do aliens bakers back wedding cakes for gay aliens.
You know David for some reason I really think that you 100% believe all of that. Me myself I'm not sure but just in case have the inside of my hat lined with tinfoil!!!
They have put out a galaxy wide call for more peanuts.
I'm not an expert on how material is carried in the ocean - BUT I find it very odd that a suitcase is going to travel along side a large piece of airplane wing. I knew that anything moving through the ocean is moved by a continual orchestra of currents but it is also governed by the factors of size, shape, density and structure. So two very differently sized and structured objects that start out in proximity to each other - are going to have a very hard time ending up washing up in exactly the same place over a year later. I've never heard of it happening before after so long. Sure - immediately after a crash, within days or possibly weeks - but not after a year of movement in the vast ocean water. I think there should be an investigation to see if these items could have been planted.
Dang, I was wondering where I left that bag.
Where are all the conspiracy theorists now? They were coming out of the woodwork when this happened. Hopefully they will now theorize this was just a horrible accident with a lot of loved ones lost.
How'd the plane get 1500 miles off course?
Too soon, as usual, to make such a comment. You don't know squat, any more than the rest of us at this moment.
The Gov't should allow the families of the victims to see the piece of luggage found and would certainly then be identified that it belonged to a relative, the passenger. This would help with evidence it is then from the downed plane and the pieces of wreckage found.
Yeah Jules, NOBODY has even thought of that until you just now brought it up. (face palm)
Don't be smug! Every time a crashed plane has been found authorities think it's the Boeing 777. Let's think about the families of the victims still not knowing anything and the hell they must be going through.
HUH?!? In not one of the recent major crashes has anyone besides you thought that. SERIOUSLY?!? How in the world did that thought even manage to form in your head? I...wow...
every thing gets separated in the ocean over time. imagine bobbing in the ocean and letting go of your snorkel gear - think it's just going to hang out right next to you? and stay with you where've you go for a year? (if you then get lost i the ocean for that long and have magical staying alive under water powers) my point is - let's be reasonable here. one object washing up - ok - amazing let's check it out. two objects washing up supposedly from the same wreck from over a year ago. Ha. it's a prank. seriously.
Tiger - There can't be a lot of plane parts available to the general public, especially parts covered with barnacles. I think your "prank" theory doesn't hold water.
thank you. there is no way that they are finding #$%$ this much later. how do people not have the common sense to realize a plane cant hit the water and not lose its wings ect on impact. I do not think any of these morons read the border patrols report? At the same time of this plane fiasco obama pulled everyone off the border lol. what about this terrible ebola outbreak that vanished into thin air. The fact that people follow the goverment blindly is insane. through all of time goverment have done nothing but kill enslave and be corrupt
Okay, here we clearly have a trust-challenged citizen, who conflates ALL governments together into one giant planetary conspiracy plot. Dude, you don't get it -- your paranoia feeds right into "their" hands.
no one said it was from a 777 yet so I do not get the argument. how do we feed into them when they always have a scam? the entire goverment is one giant scam
it does't have to be "general public" doing it. IF somebody took the plane when it disappeared - it would be them then planting the evidence, I don't know what happened to the plane tho obvs. but I just really doubt that a wing and a suitcase are going to naturally show up at the same spot at this late date.
i agree with tiger the way the whole story went down plus if any part broke off how would no bodies be found. i though planes were designed for the doors to automatically release on a water landing
Tiger and Dauntless support each other without one scrap of knowledge between them. The report was that the part number on this piece identified it as a "flaperon" from a Boeing 777. The conspiracy theorists are out in force. . . better get out my tinfoil to make a hat.
Just curious if anyone here with knowledge about satellite imagery could answer this. Could they possibly backtrack this piece of debris through satellite photos?
this is usually the exact opposite for the airlines! usually they know where the people are but lose the luggage in this case they got the luggage but no people! eventually the sea gives up its secrets
That resembles one of Amelia Earhart's bags.
It would have been better to not release this information until and if a positive match is made. In the meantime searches should be conducted around reunion for more debris. There is a possibility of a personal ID or something in the high tide line! I sincerely hope this is it but I will remain skeptical.
Stop the presses! We found a towelette!
Even in a crisis the have trouble identitfying luggage. And the planer debris inconclusive? How is that even possible to say when you just have to compare dimensions. Lucky the piece with the missle hole in it didn't wash up.
I thought it was an alien abduction.
Suicide by pilot, similar to German Wings case, and Egyptair case. End of story.
I don't think so. I think it was a fire, like from a burning tire, that filled the cabin with smoke. Check out wired magazine. They have a really compelling article about the possibilities.
Maybe they should start looking on the eastern shores of Madagascar.
For those giving me the thumbs down you might want to look up where Reunion Island is.
It was obviously planted there by aliens from the US base in Diego Garcia who hijacked the plane to Kazakstan.
Oh wait, the conspiracy theorists are going to have to work overtime on this one ... hmmmm The CIA planted the wing there ... how did they get the person's luggage that will later be corroborated by a family member. Oh, I got it, the CIA pays off the family member to say they don't identify their daughter's luggage, and if that doesn't work the CIA kills the Chinese family while they're in the US squeezing out an anchor baby .... Yeah, that's it.
I'd be all over that luggage looking for anything of a personal nature that could be cross referenced back to a passenger. the "experts" are going to debate this airplane wing forever. Personal effects speak for themselves. These people need some closure and so far no one has been able to provide it.
Until you know for sure the plane is found, don't boor us with speculation.
They already spend thousands of man-hours effort to search the vast ocean and I wish they be more aggressive in investigating these evidences.
They only just found it you dimwit.
Are they sure it was luggage and not Arizona Gov Jan Brewer vacationing?
Based on what is known, the plane deviating from its flight plan was done Intentionally. The moral of the story is don't get on a plane with Muslim pilots.
Or lily-white guys from Texas... i.e. JetBlue Flight 191...
"very likely to be from a Boeing 777 but we need to verify whether it is from flight MH370" How many 777's have gone down in the Indian Ocean?
"He said the wing component was being sent to Toulouse in southwestern France for further examination." Isn't that where they make Airbuses? Maybe they should send it to Seattle instead.
Reunion Island is a French territory.
It is French territory so probably being sent to the French aviation authorities.
That would be the case if they had already decided it was Boeing equipment. Thankfully they are not taking the internet consensus as the final word but are allowing actual experts to make the call. Since Reunion is French territory, that's who will make the determination.
Regulatory agencies are in charge in airplane crashes. The manufacturer participates at their request, in an advisor role.
Need to verify it was from MH370??? Gee, perhaps it was from some other B777 that disappeared in the Indian Ocean because you know, that happens all the time.
There was that Ethiopian 767 in 1996 (Comoros Island)
True, MC, except that incident didn't really go down as a mysterious "missing" plane. We knew why and where that one happened, as I recall.
That's a piece from 911 that drifted from America.
I'm sorry but I don't believe a word of it. The wing part may well be from a 777 but no way has it been in the water for 17 months since the plane disappeared/crashed. It's far too clean. Examine the pictures. There are a few barnacles at one end, but the rest is clean. Anything that has been in the water for more than a few weeks becomes colonised by marine growths and the base colour becomes impossible to see. There is no way the piece could float. Again, examine the pictures. There is a big hole in one end and other holes elsewhere. Aircraft frames/sections are full of holes to make them lighter whilst still remaining strong. Water would simply flood the whole section and it would surely sink. The odds of a suitcase floating along with the wing bit are too impossible to calculate. Again, examine the pictures. Does that look if it's been in the sea for more than a year? It would have disintegrated. Where are the marine growths? I feel these pieces have been 'sown' to try to bring closure. By whom we may never know, but it would save Australia, New Zealand and the Airline a lot of money if the search could be called off. Whoever did this should have thought it out a bit better. Take it from me. I was an offshore engineer.
Highly credible assertions MIke, I myself have plenty of doubt about this charade.
In your days of "offshore engineering" did you ever find an aluminum soda can in the water? looks like the part of the wing they found. It takes decades to decompose a 2 cent soda can in the ocean.......I think a part of a wing from an aircraft may hold up a bit better.
It is hard to say. The control surfaces aren't just hollow aluminum; they have a lightweight honeycomb structure inside to keep them stiff. The honeycomb would provide baffles which would keep water out. They certainly weren't designed to remain watertight for two years in the ocean, but they tend to be overdesigned and overbuilt so it wouldn't surprise me to see that it survived this ordeal. It is also quite possible that this part is from a different aircraft entirely, not a 777 part at all. We will await the positive ID from Toulouse.
Mike. Wrong on all counts. Do you live your entire life making assumptions and them believing them to be facts? knowing everything a must be a real burden for you
From the looks of the picture, it don't look like that luggage was in water very long. Makes me wonder why it's not dirty and detoriated.
Look detoriated. But it may not be from the plane. Nothing is certain.
There are boats and other places that the luggage could have come from.
That was my point. It don't look like it's been in the water long enough to be from that plane.
Why do you say it doesn't look like it has been in the ocean very long? It looks pretty worn out and faded. Looks like it has been out in the weather for a long time to me.
Regarding whether the debris was from a Boeing 777: How many aircraft have been lost in the area in the past couple of years? (Good grief, people, did someone steal all your marbles?)
Exactly one Boeing 777. Boeing engineers claim they can read part of a serial number on the found wing piece in the photos. They are "nearly certain" it is the "flaperon" from a Boeing 777. I have a whole crock full of marbles.
Perhaps they are waiting for certifiable proof before they can say what we all believe to be true. CYA as its known. Don't act all superior with your marbles.
Toulouse is where they make the Airbus, not Boeing. Why would you send a piece of the aircraft you found to Airbus to verify its a Boeing?
THey need to put serial numbers all all portions of the planes. Each section that is separate from the other should have a number to make it easier to identify.
....and then people will complain that the cost of airfare is even higher because someone's gotta pay for all that work...One way or another.
lol....like it is from a different plane? How many 777's crash every year? everyone knows its part of the missing plane....
Only one person exactly knows where MH370 is resting. Our future Great Leader Donald Trump!
I thought that Bryan Williams was on that plane ........
Ignore the man behind the curtain.
My theory still appears intact. The extremely competent Muslim pilot committed suicide and murdered all those passengers and the crew. Why? By disappearing the plane in the southern oceans he could make the Malaysian Govt that he hated look really bad -and boy they did look bad. He hated the way they treated his politician friend and so planned and enacted it all on the simulator he had at his house.
Hat off for the marketing department of the Tourist Board of the island La Reunion. Business is slow so let's plant a wing from any old war plane at the beach and than boom...we found a piece of wing and just throw it in the air about MH370....and enjoy how all the media and entourage is flocking into the island and get our hotels and business going...well done !!!! . . that is true marketing...
so the search area should have been between Diego Garcia and Madagascar. Maybe now they will be able to find the wreckage.
They're making this a lot more suspenseful and complicated than necessary. Every commercial airplane has a unique part number/serial number combination on every part on the plane. No need to send to some lab for analysis. The beachcomber could text in the part number combo to Boeing and we'd all know within 5 minutes.
From what the experts say, no they don't.
Ok, stop reporting on everything washing ashore as possible MH370 wreckage. Think of the families.
Boeing engineers recognized that part as a "flaperon" from a 777 according to TV news. Think of the families.
I am talking about a useless piece of luggage.
I hope this helps them find the black boxes, if it is truly related to MH370. Much could be learned from them including things that would ease the families' anguish and things that could improve airplane safety. As far as what happened to it, I'm sticking with my pet theory that toxic fumes got into the cabin. That could explain why it flew around for hours with no communication. It's kind of like what happened to Payne Stewart.
The story is a staged event. All fake you rodeo clown.
Well, what mitigates that is that it departed from its intended route at a time that would easily confuse anyone who might notice the aircraft was missing, buying the perpetrator(s) time to get away unnoticed. A little to convenient to be the result of toxic fumes just at that moment. In addition, the aircraft maneuvered for hours after it departed from its intended route so as to avoid the airspace of Thailand in the south, going north to the tip of Sumatra and then turning west around that tip to avoid violating Indonesian airspace, and then due south to the southern Indian Ocean at its last known location. There were no attempts to set the aircraft down even though it was clearly under intelligent control for a couple of hours after it diverted from it's flight path.
Go preview this new book on amazon for free: Illuminati for Dummies Cards Against Humanity.
Following the aircraft from the critical point of departure of being transferred from Malaysia ATC to Vietnam ATC, which actually did cause a lot of confusion about where the aircraft was in the beginning, it's clear that someone who had to be conscious was flying this aircraft because aircraft cannot fly themselves in that manner. If the pilot is unconscious, the aircraft just continues on in a straight course, and that's exactly what Stewart's aircraft did that this one did not do.
"America: The most gullible nation in the world, everything from Nasa to 911 has been a staged event" -Seymour Hersh, Pulitzer Prize Winner
@FUTT - Those could be good points. I'm not insisting I'm right; that's why I call it my pet theory. Maybe we'll know soon.
Yes, if and when they find it, we'll know pretty much for sure either way. I just see a little too much intention and very little randomness in the aircraft's flight path when things started going south....literally and figuratively Is that troll following you or something?
Not sure if he's following me. This is the first time I've seen him. Stories like these attract conspiracy theorist like flies on sheeite. One reason I have been thinking that it wasn't terrorism/suicide is because, unlike on 9/11, there were no cell phone calls from any of the passengers ala Scott Beamer. There could be other good reasons for that, too. I dunno but I am curious.
I think the pilot took care of that when he brought the aircraft to the pinnacle of its altitude capabilities and exposed the passengers to the low temps and low oxygen levels of the upper atmosphere; that would have caused either hypothermia, hypoxia, or both, effectively rendering the passengers unable to make cell calls. This is likely something a pilot would have planned in advance to make sure the passengers weren't able to interfere with his plans. It was also pointed out that cell phone towers do not project their signals upward but rather downward and cell phones above a relatively low altitude would be unable to connect to a tower.
@FUTT - Watching news stories today makes it look like your story is closer to the truth than mine.
As far as I can see, 9, there's too much intentionality in this aircraft's behavior after it went off course, starting with the point it departed from its intended route to being head south toward the open Indian Ocean, to support any other conclusion. The second most viable theory, which is as you stated, just has to ignore a lot of that intentionality. There were things the aircraft did that says someone was controlling it, and there were things that should have been done but were not done if the aircraft was in trouble and someone was controlling it. Something has to be inferred about what was happening in the cockpit from what the aircraft was doing, and it was clearly under conscious, intelligent control to effect maneuvers that would have been engaged in if someone didn't want the aircraft detected. There were no attempts to set the aircraft down in the water, and if the person controlling the aircraft really needed assistance, he would have intentionally violated another country's airspace to have jets sent aloft to investigate, yet this person intentionally maneuvered the aircraft to keep anyone from investigating an intrusion into their airspace. I understand this is not an easy thing for the flying public to accept, but one needs to look at all the facts when reaching a conclusion. Ignoring the actions of this aircraft after it was diverted is, IMO, just a measure of protective denial engaged in by those who routinely fly. No one wants to believe that an airplane they may be getting on has some sick, twisted person at the controls who could so carelessly end the lives of his or her passengers, but it is possible, and it has happened..
Um, the suitcase could have been opened immediately to find identification and compared to a passenger list, yes? Would have taken minutes.
"Remains of a suitcase" were found, meaning it's not in tact. It's possible, but doubtful the suitcase remains are in very good condition, and most of it's contents likely destroyed, including any ID.
There was nothing for over a year, and now suddenly they discover a wing piece, and then another item on the same day, sounds fishy to me. I think that's that guys property, he probably just wanted to be on the news haha
It's not fishy that both items were caught up in and traveling in the same current.
But why a bag, why not part of the plane, or something plane related? why something that anyone can bring from their home, and hours after they find a wing piece, plus he looks like the type of guy that would do something like that. Nope not buying it
The aliens must have planted that to throw us off their trail...
What left of the bodies after being in the water for 16 months. NOTHING. So how is their closure for the families. The airline wishes that the plane would never be found. Now the black boxes will tell the families what happened and than sue these crazy, dishonest muslims for 10s of millions.
im pretty sure they was mostly Asians, and god forbid something happenes like this to anyone you love.
The Muslims sure need the money in Detroit.
How far is this from the coordinated search areas?
About 2 inches on my map
Free stuff, go through the bags, keep anything thats worth anything and then throw the rest in the trash.
Maybe its nothing but it looks from the pictures that its rather far inland to just wash up. Not really any disturbed dirt or trace of skidding along the ground, like it has been placed there.
Just about any piece of wreckage is enough to give CNN an excuse for 24 hour news coverage the next 400 days. CNN can barely stand it covering any other type of news; whether it's the presidential race; Clinton e-mails; Iran; ISIS or some stupid African Lion named Cecil.
quote: "The piece of luggage was here since yesterday but nobody really paid attention," unquote At least airlines are ("in" ??) -consistent with "finding"(???) luggage , even after a crash ! Of course, TSA was NOT there to HELP. Too, identifying is VERY important , so the passengers can be charged a FEE for excessive "distance" and handling. NOTE: Be sure to pack K-rations in bags to eat after crashes, on your next flight. Extra FEE applies for bringing your own food.
who's not to say those items weren't thrown in the water as decoys. like submarines using oil slicks and pieces of junk to simulate being destroyed
And for what purpose would someone do that? To play a trick on investigators? To goof on the victims' families? To get the searches that have largely been called of going full bore again? It makes no sense
maybe to get attention off the fact that the plane wasn't really missing and was taken somewhere else? Don't know a lot about tricks of the trade do you?
They don't need to plant evidence to do that. They have been looking in the ocean since the beginning and had no plans to change that. The plane is still missing, and would have stayed missing, whether they found this part or not. Finding this part does not make anyone think it is more missing than they did before; in fact, less so. There is absolutely no reason or benefit they could have achieved by #$%$ this that they could have achieved by not doing it. It's totally unnecessary for the purpose you stated.
if my statement is unimportant then why comment?
unlikely, possible, but no worse than other theories out there
Actually it is because anyone doing this would be totally unnecessary and counterproductive to someone who wants to keep it hidden. Out of sight, out of mind. Bringing it back to mind serves no purpose whatsoever, especially if someone wants to hide something about it. You're just creating a theory for the sake of creating a conspiracy where none exists. The best theory is the one that was formed long ago when this A/C disappeared - if it really is in the Indian Ocean, like the Malaysian PM said, some part of it will eventually wash ashore somewhere - and that's exactly what happened.
there are more conspiracies surrounding this than i could list, for you to say i'm making one up is funny, thanks for noticing me
I wonder whether Amelia Earhart is there too? I mean, it's possible, no?
What to do now with the books already launched and to launch with aliens theories, black holes and other nonsense?
Did they find alien fingerprints on the wreckage? That's what we're all dying to know.
Has it been confirmed that the debris that looked a lot like a flap portion of a wing or tail is in fact from the missing airliner? It also looked like a segment of a keel from a sail boat. to me. The folks at Airbus should recognize that in a nano second.
Why would Scarebus people being looking at Boeing parts?
Airbus has it because the island is French territory. The BEA doesn't send parts to Seattle; they send parts to Toulouse. I'm sure they'll study it carefully and finally say "yep, it's a 777" and then give us a call. But it's not officially in the USA's jurisdiction until it has been positively identified as a part of an American-made aircraft. The fact that everyone "knows" it's from the 777 doesn't change the process. Air crash inquiries are exceedingly methodical. They do it the way they do it, because the process is the process.
1st o fall dufus it was A Boeing AIRCRAFT.
THE AIRCRAFT WAS A Boeing 777 dufus.
The Boeing experts are probably already settled in Toulouse.
So much for our advanced technology.
I've always said that the plane simply crashed. I never believed it was hijacked. And I bet the plane simply had a malfunction and went down or off course. Does anyone believe that Malaysian airlines run good maintenance on their planes?
It is still in a hangar on the U S base on Diego Garcia. Rolls Royce was constantly monitoring the engines. Ask them about it.
The cigarette smoking man from the X Files called; there's new information for you about the "face" on Mars, the 9/11 conspiracy, and those contrails that the Council on Foreign Relations and Tri-Lateral Commission are using to poison everyone. You can pick up the secret documents buried in a strongbox on the Grassy Knoll.
They could have dismantled it by now.
It is on a sound stage in Hollywood, just like the Apollo missions.
d'j 1876: hitting the bong early squirrely ?
They only found stuff now? I thought that Uncle Sam has had everything under surveillance.
We can neither confirm nor deny that
WE MAY NEVER KNOW THE INTENTION OF THE PILOT HOWEVER THE PLANE DID VEER OF COURSE WHEN THE PILOT RADIOED "GOODNIGHT"….I DON'T THINK IT TAKES A ROCKET SCIENTIST TO FIGURE OUT THAT THIS PILOT WAS ON A SUICDE MISSION ! HOPEFULLY NOW THE REST OF THE WRECKAGE WILL BE FOUND AND THE MYSTERY WILL BE SOLVED SO THE FAMILY'S CAN HAVE SOME CLOSURE !
Good Lord. Stop with the CAPS!!!!!!!
We do know that your caps lock key is stuck. Quit YELLING!!!
I have a feeling if the international community puts this together the US is not going to like or agree with the outcome.
"He said the wing component was being sent to Toulouse in southwestern France for further examination." Really? Not being sent to Boeing? LMAO! Takes a five minute phone call to verify if serialized. What Boeing's official statement? No one believes the US government anymore.
Boeing would not be particularly shocked that French authorities are investigating a part found on French soil. They'll wait by the phone. It'll ring.
Boeing is sending experts to Toulouse and they will work besides the French BEA team.
I have been following the discovery, of the part of the wing on the news I haven't heard one word, about the discovery of this luggage mentioned here. That makes me wonder. Are we being given the actual and truthful news? Or are we just given baloney. I would think if luggage had been found, it would be all over CNN, the BBC and every other news channel.
if the destination is going south to Malaysia. why the flight plan heading to Ukraine for? the globe is round, it should curve toward south .
The backpack wasn't relevant until the wing became important. Trash washes up on EVERY beach EVERY day.
Maybe the folks are all okay and all living on Gilligan's Island! I'd do MaryAnn over Ginger, by the way. YUMMY
These fragments were obviously planed there by the same people who plant dinosaur bones in 100 million year old rock.
Ok Don I'm buying tin foil stock tomorrow.. you got me sold...
Fascinating! It's so obvious! Thank you for letting us all know...... moron.
Clearly sarcasm, Lorne. Save your tinfoil for baking a cake.
Wow. People really do not have a good sense of sarcasm. I guess conspiracy nuts are so ridiculous that even outlandish sarcasm is mistaken for the real thing. You people need to learn the subtle art of humor and mockery.
Don - you need to write 'sarcasm', because by now you have conspiracy and other tinfoil hat wearer posting this kind of thing and are serious about it.
Someone on the plane found out Obama was a Muslim.
More crazy speculation? Really, where is the plane? Hey Boss, de plane, de plane.
Do you think that their are tons of aircraft parts and luggage floating around in the ocean?
Sorry for all the people who died, but can you tell us what company made that bag? That's pretty durable!
There is NO such thing as French Indian Ocean. It is INDIAN OCEAN Period.
It's France's Ocean,..............They own it!!!! PERIOD!!!!!
Reading comprehension is not your friend, Reunion is indeed a French Indian Ocean island, i.e. a French territory in the Indian Ocean, just as the article stated.
People have problem understanding certain concepts. Like French Indian Ocean ISLAND, or French island in the Indian Ocean.
I've heard of airlines losing luggage - but this is ridiculous!
Even an AH can buy a computer, how unfortunate.
I suspect the luggage as a fake. After almost two years floating in the Indian Ocean, wouldn't it be loaded with barnacles? Perhaps it was sitting on top of the wing section all this time.
150% fake phony and false......oh and whatever sheep thumbs down my comment, well you have masqueraded as a human for years, a sheep, grazing on the turd of life.
What a boring place the world would be without crazy conspiracy theorists. Will you update us on 9/11 was an inside job, please?
you would be to after being in water for a year 'tamra D/A '
Did anyone take a CLOSE LOOK
at that piece of luggage. There looks to be not much more that a zipper and a few pieces of tattered material left that looks like it wouldn't hold anything.
Of course it looks clean. Its been washing for a year, probably with a Tide...
To get your whites their whitest use new Indian Ocean Tide!
its 500 days not 2 years
I'm sure if that luggage was a passengers then a relative might be able to identify it and say oh that's my sons bag!
Maybe they will find Obama's real birth certificate.
It's the 'Lost' plane. Unfortunatey they still haven't found the ending to that show.
They make it up as they go. This story is fake. The media and government is demented and the NWO is here.
Mailasia is hoping that the parts that show that the plane was shot down don't show up ,or until they cn find a way to get rid of the ones that do. Somebody on that plane was worth more dead than the rest of the passengers were alive
Officials sure went out of their way to steer searches out of the area at the time.
The way to deal with this in the future is to have black boxes transmit in flight everything that they record
From what we do know is that there are no other aircraft of that type unaccounted for except that flight.
@terryt. You conspiracy people just don't give up do you?
You are watching too much TV dude, LOL.
One helluva of bag, so rugged and well made, must be from China.
How is Reunion a French Island? Is England a German Island?
France claims Islands in the Indian Ocean thousands of miles away from Europe. The USA claims Hawaii and Guam which are located in Asia England claims Falkland Island next to Argentina WhY Only USA and Europe claims islands far away from their mainland?
Because we conquered the islands themselves or former countries who claimed them to be their own. Ever heard of "King of the hill"?
You want a funny one? France is Canada's second closest neighbour after the US. Saint Pierre and Miquelon islands are 18 miles from Canadian shores.
This plane has been missing for almost one year. Far too little has been done to search for it. Think about all those poor people, miserable, trapped in that tiny cabin under the ocean. Their food and water supplies must be running extremely low by now and I can't help but imagine the horrible trauma this has caused. Hopefully they will be found soon and can embark upon a speedy recovery.
Plane was flown to Diego Garcia, where it was going to be used in another israeli/US false flag attack. The other plane in the plot was discovered in a hangar in Tel Aviv, ruining their plan to frame and attack Iran. Remember the fake Iranian passports?
That plane was Hijacked by the pilot and was flying into the secretive US military base at diego garcia..and was shot down by a us fighter...end of story Its 2015 and if you dont believe the US has massive amount of spy satellites all over space and cant find any trace of it off them you are a mindless idiot.
Sounds as much like a guess as the countless other theories presented since the plane went missing. By reason of chance, someone will have guessed right. A chimp with a hand full of push pins would have had as much luck sticking them into a poster with the theories written down on it.
Diego Garcia is not a secret base. It is just a refueling point.
it is more then a refueling point... it was a military base for large aircraft, such as B-52's with complete repair facilities .... rumored to have under ground/water hangers...
of course, it is an airforce base with strategic potential. However, there is literally nothing secretive about it other than not letting all of our potential enemies knowing all of our capabilities.
The plane have been shot down by US army near Diego Garcia.
For those who don't know , Diego Garcia island is in Indian Ocean not so far from La Reunion. US army have a big army base in Diego Garcia, the plane was hijacked and the terrorist had the intention to crash it on Us army base.
The only question left is Why a pilot would commit mass murder? What can an individual be possibly thinking to murder so many innocent lives? RIP!
the plane came down. The pilot did not bring it down like in the case of Germania purposefully done in suicide by pilot
yep the only question left is why he would fly into the middle of the Indian Ocean. how about why was he practicing landing on Diego Garcia on his flight sim? that's the only landing strip in the middle of the Indian Ocean. or how about is this even from Malaysia air? give me a black box and piece of plane that says Malaysia on it and I'm happy.
The pilot took it off course and shut down tracking devices. Obviously there was a agenda.
Maybe one word will ring your Bell (Islam) THE RELIGION OF PEACE.
I believe whatever some "journalist" says because its on the "News". they just report whatever is handed to them. their is no fact checking anymore. look at Ukraine, i'v never seen such lies touted as truth published in every western media outlet. "breaking news Ukraine has just launched a counter offensive that has retaken Donetsk Airport"
@Michael. The plane was off course and the tracking devices were not functioning. Those are factual statements. Stating definitively the pilot executed those actions is an opinion at this point. It's conjecture. It may turn out to be correct. But at this point, it's just a theory.
Happened just recently where a pilot ran jet into mountain....They are homicidal instead of suicidal.
The world is a tough place and some just give up.. sadly when it's a pilot, they take everyone else with them.
Free stuff, go through the bags, keep anything thats worth anything and then throw the rest in the trash.
Slap yourself Goergie.... you've earned it.
......however they have the technology to tell a fisherman where a 13 inch fish is swimming under their boat but they cant find a 50 ft section of metal anywhere.
Fish swim 50 feet under the boat. Any metal debris is likely resting on the bottom, which could be thousands of feet down. Try to distinguish metal from rock and sand at a distance of 1,000 feet through water and you'll start to see the problem.
big difference between telling something is there just beside where you're looking and telling you where something is that could be anywhere and thousands of meters below water. If it was that easy, most sunken treasures would have been recovered long ago.
as is the case in fishing it doesn't matter what technology you have if you aren't looking in the right place.
The piece found is made of composites like carbon fiber and fiberglass. Not metal
But it would be a little difficult to use that to locate a particular fish, even if you tagged it and released just a couple hours earlier.
23 percent of a Boeing 777 is Composite.
one good thing is this story didnt mention caitlyn jenner
100 ft down is a lot less than 4,000 meters...that is deeper than the Titanic.
How many other 777 are missing?
Two? Which is the other one that went down in that area? There's four crashes listed for 777s. Only one has never been found.
MH370 is the only 777 missing anywhere in the world.
What a dumb comment Peter. I work for the Air Force. Plenty of satellite info was given.
Peter must be working in St Petersburg, ( 55 Savushkina ulitza) ! That's the main disinformation center in RF.
Only when all of this is confirmed by FACTS will it be put to rest.
Here is my theory. It had some sort of multiple mechanical failures. The people passed out. The plane headed west eventually. It was shot down by both the US and Chinese. Both the US and Chinese do not want a major incident so they take part is a search operation waiting for people to give up. After 12 months pass with no clues they have assured their bosses that the secret is safe about the downing of the plane. Unfortunately for them pieces have floated and a few survivors are shipwrecked on some uncharted island as Tom Hanks was in that movie for 4 years.
If it was shot down there would have been a ton of debris floating on top of the water which would make it easy to spot. That wasn't the case
Joe: your tinfoil hat is ready for you.
I was just being sarcastic and you did not get it.
You are a day dreamer, Joe
Joe, I got the sarcasm, now my question is, are you smoking hashish or peyote in your bong?
Say What? It's your theory and the great thing about this Yahoo Forum is that we all have the same opportunity to write something stupid!
Keep smoking that bong Joe, it has made you re(tard)ed....
This is beginning to look more and more staged, like somebody's government knew and are just planting things. I know I could be wrong but first the wing and now this in consecutive days after all this time seems weird. I hope that they do find what happened though, those families probably would like closure.
You obviously have no conception of how big and deep the ocean is.
Are you wearing your Tinfoil hat?
Larry have a cup of coffee and WakeTFU
@Larry: Dollar General is having a sale on Reynolds Wrap this week.
Yes, I have my idea which is why a wing and then a piece of luggage comes floating in consecutive days seems unlikely. They wouldn't even float at the same pace, maybe another piece of the plane, I don't see how it would be piece of luggage. Thank you all for your comments.
anything's possible. and the trolls certainly don't like your hypothesis!
I see resolve well, I don't mind, we can agree to disagree, I stand by mine.
Larry did it ever occur to you that maybe the luggage was somehow entangled with wing and maybe it became untangled with in the last couple of days as it was probably being tossed around in the surf as it came into the shore? Also I keep seeing Donald Trumps face when a stare at the clouds NOW that has to be staged by the government.
I can agree with that Eddie, that is definitely a good theory, maybe I don't know.
Wow, now they found a wing? Missed that.
a lot of people just don't want to believe the possibilities.
all we know for sure is plane wings don't wash up on shore everyday---
Normally they FLY from one shore to another...
for sure-thats the plan if all goes well lol
They should send some planes up in the sky to search for more debris floating near that island.
Strange, conspiracy... what country is dumping these items in the ocean?
mario--go get a life and a job.
You read too much from Alex Jones.
This debris could have been drifting for a very long time. This find will reduce the odds of them finding this plane, but it's definitely not going to lead them to the wreckage. There is still a lot of searching to do. The oceans' a huge place, and finding this plane just went from a needle in haystack to a needle in a hay bale.
Well, now CNN has something to talk about for the next 3 months.
And to add the fact that black holes do indeed "spit" things back out. A new scientific discovery for them to exploit/explain/make air time with.
CNN talks even is they don't have anything to say.
Just how many 777s were lost ?
So this stuff has been floating around for a year? Or was it at the bottom and somehow it got broken up and came to the surface? odd.
Not so odd that it could be floating around for a year. Debris from the Japanese tsunami is still washing up on the west coast of the US.
When you talk about floating, it does not necessarily mean at the surface where it can be easily seen. Things can also "float" just beneath the surface where they cannot be easily seen, depending on the weight, composition, and other floatation characteristics of the item.
Not odd...FAKE. Go read this book pamh. Illuminati for Dummies Cards Against Humanity. You and copy and paste that and read the free preview on amazon. Wake up. Don't be a gullible American.
@FUTT - That's a good point. I hadn't thought of that one.
This coming from the name and avatar of weirdness9? Bahahahahahahah. You have the IQ of Forrest Gump and the critical thinking skills of Shrek. Good luck you parasitical monkey.
Why don't you go bother someone else, you stupid troll?
Oh dear, I guess I've been put in my place by the most clever commenter on the boards. How ever will I live this down?
Why do you get a thumbs just after typing you fake yahoo blow hard? My name is for everyone like you. Go watch this 3 minute video. You need a wake up call you MORON: George Carlin Illuminati Speech
George Carlin 3 minute illuminati speech rips through all of you on this thread you rodeo clowns. The government OWNS YOU.
Of course they thumb it down....They never watched it and are truly the real trolls of the world. For everyone else...go watch George Carlin illuminati speech. People love to run and hide when they get schooled.
Oh, shut up you shiddyass troll
do you get paid by yahoo to troll? Seriously Do YOU?
I love when a thread just deteriorates like this.
Any jejune moron can cause this type of deterioration. It doesn't take any brains or talent to do it. These are the people so lacking in creativity that they have the notion that destroying something is the same as creating.
The Malaysian govt should act fast if these evidence came from the 777 and don't drag the answer for dsys,weejs,months,forever for the sake of the passengers'families.
mister -- In Malaysia nothing counts unless the government says it. Being politicians it takes forever for them to get it right.
"It is really weird, it gives me the shivers," said Begue I couldn't even imagine finding that, knowing the horrible thing that happened to the owner.
"Luggage piece found on French island near possible MH370 debris - Yahoo News" So, just how many lost B-777's are there in this ocean?
How many Boeing 777's have lost part of a wing lately? Seem like a pretty good chance that is the one from MH370.
Why are they sending the wing piece to Toulouse, France....Seattle, Washington would seem more logical.
Yeah that kinda fails the logic test. Sounds like someone has mistaken the 777 as an Airbus product and not a Boeing one.
Toulouse is the home of Airbus, thats where the French steal all of Boeing's ideas, so they should know everything about it...right???
I never quite completely understood French Government but I will give it a try. Although thousands of miles from France, Saint-Andre, La Reunion is a Commune of the French Government designated as Department 974 (no U.S. equivalent but kinda like a county in the U.S.) Airbus headquarters are in Toulouse; it is also a center of aviation science in France (their space program is controlled out of Toulouse). It is not impossible that Airbus handles France's air disaster investigations. When the flotsam washed up on the beach at St. Andre, it was just like it had washed up on-shore in Paris.
Why are they sending the wing component to the Airbus people in France?? Send it to the experts in Seattle!!
Because it was found on French soil, the French are responsible for the initial investigation.
And the French can ask the NTSB for assistance. Also, there will be people from Boeing involved, that's a given. It's not like they're sending it to Inspector Clouseau.
Unwelcome -- Boeing would be in the best position to say if it's one of their parts.
No one said unwelcome, quit making things up.
Seriously, why is not boeing going there to identify the part ?
Because they don't need to, all aircraft parts have serial and part numbers.
The island is a French controlled island. They are sending it to the equivelant of the French NTSB for analysis.
Since when did Kevin Costner have to start cleaning up beaches?
He is still serving his sentence for making Waterworld....
Wow. That guy does look like him. He could ditch this shore cleanup job and be Costner's double!
but nobody really paid attention, come people....you have that many pieces of luggage washing on to your shores that you simply did not pay attention. WAKE UP!!!!
I think the aliens that abducted the plane and took it back to their galaxy are just throwing a few pieces back to get us off their trail
"very likely to be from a Boeing 777 but we need to verify whether it is from flight MH370". How many 777's are down?
Why was the US the only major nation not to provide satellite information?
Yea, I mean we were the ones who spent the most money looking for the wreckage. We didn't do our part I guess.
CEO of Malaysia Airlines believes the US warship brought it down.
“It’s an extremely powerful military base. It’s surprising that the Americans have lost all trace of this aircraft. Without getting into conspiracy theories, it is a possibility that the Americans stopped this plane,” Dugain said,
Sukr, did you see WHERE we looked? The last 3 points went to Diego Garcia. We looked on the path: 1) to Antarctica??? 2) path to central Asia?????
Peter, i hope you don't live in the US. I'd hate to know that people like you are able to vote in elections.
Peter..once again, we spent the most time and money looking. Why cant you get that through your head?
On purpose in the ONLY places where they knew the plane was not located. WHY search on a path to Antarctica? WHY search central Asia? WHY NOT search the most obvious path - straight!!!
Recognizing and explaining stupidity, I defer to ... “The more disputes I had with them, the better acquainted I became with their dialectics. First they would count on the stupidity of their adversaries, and then, if there was no way out, they pretended stupidity themselves. If all else failed, then they claimed they did not understand correctly, or being challenged, instantly jumped to another subject [!], and talked truisms; but if these were agreed to they at once applied them to entirely different matters, and then in turn, being caught again, they would dodge and have no exact knowledge. No matter where you seized one of these apostles, your hand grasped slimy ooze, which poured in separate streams through the fingers, only to unite again the next moment…I was often simply paralyzed. One did not know which to admire more–their fluency or their artistry in lying…" Adolf Hitler (1922) Excerpt from Mein Kampf. Houghton Mifflin My favorites are lines 6, 7 & 8. Hell, they are all great!
OJ spent the most time and money looking for the person who took Nicole's life.
I am sure that's the path you were not able to follow yourself Peter.
Congratulations Peter. You're today's dumbest human on earth.
Stephen Gerwel, unfortunately Peter is probably an American citizen; not only an American but one of an ever increasing number of conspiracy theorists. Every single major event can be answered with the stock lines: "They did it!" "They planned it!" "They covered it up!" Historian Richard Hofstadter had it right over fifty years ago when he foretold the meteoric rise of the conspiracy movement in his essay: The Paranoid Style in American Politics. Hofstadter, who had felt persecution from the crusading right wing McCarthyites, saw that in the coming years, political paranoia would not be the sole preserve of the right; that it would come to infect the right, the left, and most disturbingly of all, the center. Hofstadter saw that each political faction would have elements in it that would use conspiracy thinking as a way to explain how what they did not like in society was actually happening. What even he failed to see, was that conspiracy thinking would become a movement unto itself...
Peter quoted, "“It’s an extremely powerful military base. It’s surprising that the Americans have lost all trace of this aircraft. Without getting into conspiracy theories, it is a possibility that the Americans stopped this plane,” Dugain said. Nothing like using pure conjecture to back up your argument.
Aw, speculation? Watch US propaganda for 10 minutes - 99% opinion and speculation. lol
Can't beat Obama trolls Pete- they make over 100,000 Gs a year -- but they can't write about any substantial evidence - can't research anything - just belittle you !
Boeing 777 Cost: 320 million Dollars Full tank of fuel Cost: 69,000 Dollars 227 ticketed passengers (Average price 300 Dollars) Cost: 68,100 Dollars Sixteen month long international search and recovery operation Cost: 50 million Dollars Never ending fodder for the conspiracy crowd Priceless
Sam, what is funny is US propaganda supports Russian conspiracy theories. American conspiracy theories? CRAZY, radicals, far left, far right, anti-American, anti-government, extremists, mentally ill....
Like what U.S. propaganda against Russia... Oh wait, your right! Putin never sent ANY troops to Ukraine. Your B.S. fools very few Peter. As your original post attests to... 91 total ratings 80 of which were negative Have a nice day in delusion land!
Sam, the 2014 Russian Liberation of Crimea from pro-American insurgents was not an invasion. An invasion looks like the US "liberation" of Iraq.
I agree with peter on the conspiracy part... who knows what happened... You can't rule anything out yet because we don't know. The US has helped plenty. I would say that if the plane was heading to Diego Garcia, we could have shot it down, but given what happened on 9/11, the US military could explain why they did what they did. But then again, obama & hillary lie about everything instead of just accepting responsibility... so again, who knows what happened.
Peter, with your last post, you've completely tipped your hand as to who you are... Thank you. I'd rather debate a Russian troll like you versus a run of the mill conspiracy theorist any day of the week...
Sam, I am sorry to disappoint you. However, I am an American from the central US.
Sam, you do realize that you believe in a Russian troll conspiracy theory, correct? That your government does not permit you to believe in them. That's a predicament for you.
Peter doesn't understand how satellites work. The only satellite with any meaningful data came from Inmarsat, which is a British maritime satellite company that monitors the enormous area that are the world's oceans. Most satellites aren't looking into the middle of nowhere except for a maritime satellite system, which BTW was designed and built in the USA.
I highly doubt that. Any American from there would say they live in the Midwest! No one refers to it as "Central U.S." Your provincial Russian tendencies are showing comrade!
Sam, I don't know if that is a compliment or not. It was like when my boss said, "You're smarter than you look."
Captain, Russia show that US satellite was over the area at the time. Data was never released.
Peter (who hails from the "central" U.S.) says it is so... All hail Peter (the not so) great! Seriously, I like Putin... He restored a demonstrable level of pride in Russia that's been lacking since the dissolution of the late, great U.S.S.R...
Peter from the "central" U.S. I love it. You probably have balalaika's in your "Central" locale... LOL
Putin is a great leader. I wish we could have him in the Midwest of America. The British-American Empire and its vassal states want a One World Government, or a central government. The free world stands in its way.
Comrade, come back!!! From your "Central" U.S. location!!!
I do help with NGO's to support secession movements in Midwest of America.
At least you learned today to make sure you always characterize the "Central" U.S. as the Midwest when you post. It's the very small, minute details that will always give you away... Dasvidaniya my friend...
Oops, almost time to go home - work day is over. Goodbye, my fellow American.
Midwest of America. lol Sounds like a car dealership lot.
He can't even get that right. Now he refers to it as "The Midwest of America" A step up from "The Central U.S." I suppose. Peter please, say "I'm from the Midwest." Period No other defining monikers or adjectives required. The primer classes there are getting progressively weaker I guess. Maybe they'll increase the budget next year. Nyet!
"I am from ze Midwest of America!" Did I get it right zat time?
I am from the Midwest. Russia is the most educated nation on earth - 34% have college degrees. US propaganda never mentions that fact, am I correct?
My family came from the former Soviet Union.
"I am from the Midwest." By Jove, I do believe he's got it! The lads finally got it!
I will even give several to you as a thank you gift!
Peter, who's to say what the capabilities of the US satellite are? It could be a weather satellite, it could be a DirecTV satellite or it could be a top secret defense satellite in which the US doesn't want to show its capabilities. Take your tin hat off and get out of your mom's basement already.
It was a military satellite. Captain, you have been listening to US propaganda.
Peter, are you threatening me, you douchebag? With a poisonous insect? What an absolute #$%$ you are. Thousands of postings, and EVERY SINGLE ONE of them anti American. What a surprise! A Russian troll! From the "Central U.S." Petra, go rinse your panties. They must be absolutely soaked by now.
lol - no just hurts a little bit. It was a joke.
Stop correcting Peter's mistakes, one day he might pass off for a real American. Russian trolls do tend to swamp the Yahoo boards, don't they? In many, many languages.
Donny Trump put a fence around it.
Peter would be highly incorrect in his post
Go to RT News to read a great article about it.
Other news broadcast, mention a bottle of liquid soap from Jakarta, Indonesia were found in accumulated debris near where the wing section was found (the soap jug was relatively full). The wing piece, damaged suit case, and soap jug, all have something in common....they do not float above the surface of the ocean, say like a flotation seat would....therefore the items mentioned would be more current controlled (ie. changing direction every 6 hours with the tide change); whereas, above surface items, like flotation seats, would be at the mercy of the wind (not changing direction every 6 hours).....that mentioned....any bodies, that survive sea predation....will float like the plane piece.....watch the coastal shore lines for "gathered" birds.
how is it that you can find a part from a 60 year old car and tell what year and model it is from ,yet the airplane builders do not have the same ability ?
Come on, you should kn ow the routine by now - keep the idiots in suspense, don't verify anything until it's been dragged out for days because this keeps the people watching.
ya but it's been a year now.
somebody here said trace the barnacles or something like that. I said to my son "can't they trace barnacles dna to where their forefathers lived (kinda) he said I dunno. So we dunno I guess. But they have to tell something I would think. I dunno.
You may be down voted but not by me. But this most truthful and brilliant answer has put a smile on my face.
they need to verify its from flight MH370?? How many other Boeing 777's are missing ?
They need to verify it's from a 777 first.
excuse my cynicism....but is this 'staged'? and if so, by whom.........
praying for the families of theese victims. hoping they will be able find out the truth
"And the sea will give up its dead."
if it is of BOEING 777 THEN IT IS MH370 because it is the only 777 ever to crash in the indian ocean , now they need to find the rest of the plane.
The same model and make of plane was flying low in the Ukraine war zone and shot down............... how convenient to dispose of the plane where no civilians could get the truth
30,000+ feet is not "flying low"...
Wasn't there some kind of reward being offered?
how compassionate? first come to your mind is MONEY.
@ mario there should be reward. Even Osamabin Laden wouldn't been that known without reward. Those who find this have to well know the airplanes to identify a part like this on the beach.
Very likely to be from a Boeing 777 but we need to verify whether it is from flight MH370? Damn, just how many Boeing 777s are missing??
Yeah, this is kinda sounding a lot like them having to verify who shot down MH17.
France has won!!! France has won!!!
Come on... how many wings from Boeing 777's are floating around in the ocean? Of course it's from MH370.
One piece at a time, sounds like they are on the right track, or maybe not, now for us one day at a time, to see if all can be at rest and try to go forward with life.
Tracing back currents 500+ days to find the 'X marks the spot'.....? Um, about as likely as tracing back wind currents to find where a bunch of balloons where let go 500 days ago.
Will they find a way to blame the Tea Party?
Probably not, but they surely will find a way to blame Obama.
that's my bag...last time I was down there it was stolen by brian williams
While I realize the part & luggage could have drifted,,,,I'll bet the plane is in the general vicinity somewhere.
Boeing makes the 777. Why it being sent to France instead of Seattle? I know the island is a French island.
You just answered yourself. The French have to open an enquiry. The American experts are flying over to share the study and the results.
Hmmm? A piece of luggage just happens to be found right after a wing piece. Imagine that. Sounds like these items were planted to create a (fake) closure. It's costing big bucks every week to keep this search going.
The search won't end until the wreckage is found.
here come all the Yahoo reader experts.
Take a seat, there's plenty to go around......
We vote you number one Ted
Those pieces could have travelled hundreds and hundreds of miles in the Ocean. In this long of a period of time, it could be a thousand miles or more... But at least we have a starting point!
Muslim airline pilots... crashing airplanes into buildings and oceans since 9/11/2001.
Actually, it's been since 1995. The Egypt Air crash
White men... killing people in schools, churches and theatres since the invention of guns. Since we're on pilots and plane crashes, I'm sure the German Wings pilot Andreas Lubitz was a Muslim too, you know, the guy who killed 150 people by crashing his plane into the Alps a few months ago?
i dont know about you guys but if you look at that bag closely my lord! the tears on it!! are consistent with a violent turbulent event.. most bags from boats are in tact.. but that! bag definitely came from ...??
I certainly hope this debris is from that plane's disappearance. It's just creepy for a plane to disappear like that! If so,maybe all of the victims can finally rest in peace.
It should be pretty simple, first how many 777's have crashed in that area?
Exactamente! But they want to be 100% sure.
The luggage was empty, no id, no passport, no wallet. It was pure trash.
It won't be long before they find the rest of MH370.
No seat cushions? Ok - who's throwing these items in the ocean in attempt to close this chapter?
But did they find the missing air from Deflate-Gate?
Up our rear ends. Oh wait, that's smoke that the Patriots blew up there.
That's my bag that Delta lost.
Another airline's missing luggage? Déjà vu.
So THAT's where my missing suitcase finally turned up!
Mammoth...you were waiting at the wrong carrousel.
I am not going to reply to these stupid comments. Yahoo stop showing this junk
Many thanks, Johnny Begue & co-workers.
"very likely to be from a Boeing 777 but we need to verify whether it is from flight MH370" Well God Damn, it better be from THAT 777!!
I belive there have been 3 planes go down out there all boeings 2005 and 2006 as well
Peter... You're such a dork. What other 777 would be flying around missing part of its wing?
doesn't these planes have ser# stamped on almost all of the plane?
you guys really think this is legit your a bunch of sheep
i really do not care about my grammer on a yahoo comments section. Thanks though.
There seems to be very little you care about in your comments. Keep using those clichés, though, till we grow tired of fresh ideas and come crawling back to you.
I used one cliche omg its the end of the world
He says that every time his foil hat falls off.
@Dauntless: "I used one cliche omg its the end of the world" You made ridiculous, insensitive remark and did not explain yourself when challenged.
yup my foil hat. I do not need to back it up. If i searched enough i sure it would not be hard to prove. its common sense, think about it a border patrol agent wrote a report including the story of the plane vanishing at the same time obama pulled pretty much all border patrol. Tell me how a plane could of crahsed before and now a wing and luggage which are no where near eachother in and on the plane, could of just popped up this late. If that plane had any kind of water landing or crash the eveidence would of shown that day. A scientist already said that the only way the plane could of submerged with no damage it would of had to be going full speed from over the height it was recorded at, and be in a nose dive. Another example of my foil hat theory as you say. What about ebola they acted like it was a zombie outbreak yet it vanished of the map with no news being reported on it. Also there is a video out there that the news is #$%$, every channel acoss the U.S has the same script and reporters are saying identical lines even they same emotional reactions.
why have the major networks avoided rhis story?
Why couldn't it be a plane full of Baltimore gang members, criminals, murders and politicians including the mayor .... Da.mn..! They found a piece of the plane too so soon they will know ... I would even settle for the dentist who killed Cecil the lion Palmer, al sharpton and Bill Cosby to be on the plane ... Aaahhhh one daywe will get lucky and they will get what's coming to them...
Maybe a plane full of Trumps would be nice.
can't wait for the passports to wash up.
Well is it? This isn't rocket science!
So who has the claim check?
Hope they find the plane. That stuff is from 370 I bet.
This luggage and debris came from that I'll fated plane.
"the closed zip"? Does that mean the closed zipper? Do they speak English there?
That is English. That's just not American.
Just great! More of the arrogant "aviation expert" Richard Quest on the news again. Shouldn't he be covering the Kardashians instead?
Maybe he would be better served doing his lewd stuff in the park, or maybe packing his nose.
The beach cleaner noticed the luggage but ignored it. What the hell was he doing on the beach then? Obviously not cleaning...
It sure would be nice to get some closure to this.
Can we have a thumbs ? as well as up or down!
@ Sage...my 6 pack bet is on you!
imagine that..they "found" the plane..so now the "missing" plane can be used in a terrorist attack and the sheeple will think it was isis or saddam or bin laden,when in fact it will be the other muslim..leading our country to its death.
Great thinking - the plane probably landed in Texas to drop off the passengers to participate in the Jade Helm takeover of Texas and then the plane, disguised as Elvis' plane, proceeded on to the Bohemian Grove, while leaving a massive chemtrail, to pick up the Council on Foreign Relations and the illuminati to fly them to the UN to complete their implementation of the NEW WORLD ORDER.
Do you know what the Malaysian PM is smoking these days? "Very likely it is Boeing 777 but need to know if it is from MH370"...thanks for the great finding
appears after a year and a half plane is starting to come apart and float to the surface
@Jackie - the plane broke apart when it hit the water and the debris has been floating all this time. Other items will probably pop up elsewhere eventually, and there are probably several items that have washed up on shore in other places. If the larger pieces of the plane are under two miles of ocean, the water pressure will keep anything from floating upward. In fact, the ocean is actually slowly crushing whatever is down there. This is what prevents pieces of the Titanic from floating to the surface.
I do not understand, if they are sure that is a piece of B777 it cannot be from other airplane since the only 777 lost is MH370
There are part numbers and things that Boeing will be able to positively link it to MH370 or not. Why rush to an answer?
@WhoseWho, it was only a logic statement... I now, in this country nothing is logic anymore... do not rush to judge have become a leitmotiv.
Nice job on the clean up Johnny and finding the debris too.
If there is a conspiracy behind the planes disappearance there has been plenty of time to stage findings like this to dicourage discovery of the the truth.
Why send a Boeing part to Airbus? (Toulouse is home to Airbus)
I know that bag..it was the bag I buried jimmy Hoffa in...
It seems pretty likely now, but we'll have to wait for an answer.
How many missing 777s do you have?
How come these things take so long. They should have been able to tell by now what it is. The only place it can come from is from a wreck in the ocean and the luggage as well. What the hell is the mystery.
Have you ever been to Reunion Island? Investigators from Malaysia are traveling through Paris and they won't even get there until tomorrow.
The French always find interesting things..
yeah they keep their eyes peeled when they are getting bent over by the rest of the world.
Looks like it's in the Ocean so much for the conspiracy theories that it was hijacked and landed in Kazakhstan
Can any of the stuff left in that bag, if any, be dated?
You like dating old bags don't you.
Any port in a storm your honor.
Likely MH370? So let go to work
Does anyone know if this was part of the search area? You would think after all this time they would find more than a piece of a wing and a bag.
The search area along with the counter-clockwise current covers thousands of miles of Indian Ocean and that island is in the area of these currents far to the west and the debris could have floated there over that period of time according to experts. Most of the search had been in the Eastern part of the ocean near Austrailia's southwestern ccoast, I believe.
LOOKS LIKE A PIECE OF MY LUGGAGE THAT AIR IBERIA LOST
After more than one year , we can find debris floating around La Reunion , that means debris should have been floating long time ago , but why didn't anybody can find them with most advanced equipments ? ? ?
Look like they finally found my luggage they lost on that flight from Dallas to Fort Worth about 5 years ago
like the song "at last" they are finding the parts. one by one. I have always felt it went down in the north east Indian ocean. but I am only mildly physic.
There is no closure in the loss of a loved one.
The Pilot Was Of the Ignorant Muslim Primitive Cult...No doubt He Flew it In !
The plane was hidden from sat and radar both. What happen wasn't in the plan unless it was suicide
search waters. there would be more coming
This reminds me of finding the terrorists' passports intact, when everything else was pulverized on 9/11.
I guess you can make anything you want up when posting on a Yahoo forum. Try some more tinfoil.
get some people out there that KNOW when to notice a backpack and WHAT to do with it, Good God!
What... you think backpacks don't wash up on beaches? Are you THAT STUPID? Good God!
well BOB, if its AROUND the debris that WAS FOUND wouldn't you be a little curious? dumb #$%$
new word of the day,flaperon,I've heard of ailerons trim tabs rudders,flaps,wings,spoiler,speed brake,but no flaperon.
flaperon noun, Aeronautics 1.a control surface functioning both as a flap and as an aileron.
If this is just washing up now, maybe there's a trail in the water to follow back to where its coming from.
Needle in an ocean deep and wide..
Who writes this stuff anyway? I don't recall other 777's going down lately. Geez!
How about the one shot down?
This is not that missing plane. They will never find that missing plane.
Right, Mr Big. Because it was blown up on Diego Garcia island.
I'm afraid I drifted too far down this comment chain, and reached the pure crazies...
may all the passengers of flight mh370 be in the kingdom of heaven... praise god!!!!!
There is no God, this has nothing to do with any God, real or imagined, there is no Heaven, there is no need to praise something that doesn't exist. Live your life while on this pale blue dot and stop looking to the skies or some entity for explanations and/or salvation.
You with a Christian name... how ironic...live in peace my brother all is well.
Why in the hell did they send the plane part to France? Last time I checked the Boeing 777 was built in the US.
Because it was found on French soil so the French BEA (equivalent to US NTSB) has to open an inquest. However the American experts are probably already in Toulouse.
it's time to demand the insurance industry to create a new category : Muslim pilots in "Mustswim" mode :)
Let there be a lesson in it for Hitler - First He was killing of own kind (color) and he could not invigorate Yahooigans to stake a claim in his doings (;-
Why does the medical staff at the mental health facility that you have been committed to let you use the computer?
Yup, for your kind to legitimize every day minority killings, and then be able to rebuke them after the fact, You would probably want all the sane ones first institutionalized. You got your guns, you got your internet too, Foxtards!
okay different thread, please ignore - bi product of multi tasking -:)
Ok, ignored anyway. Still think your meds need adjusting.
You can tell no one is in a hurry to find the true results out!!
because the results are fake!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Please tell me you're not that gullible?
The media is confused now, should they focus on this again or focus on bruce jenner's bra size?
Middle of nowhere reports the part of wing found very likely from Boeing 777.. But need to verify it came from MH370 ! What genius !! How many Boeing 777's are down near the Island ?
why send it to Airbus if you think its from a Boeing
The wing and bag founded are not from MH370. END OF STORY.
(different David) And who's going to win the World Series?
So it is written, so shall it be, for random idi0t on yahoo hath spoken.
'Different David', you should change your Yahoo name so as not to be confused with 'Other David'..
That's not a different David. He's the same person as me.
plane landed safely and all onboard were eaten by Obama family in Africa
I really hope there were a lot of WILSON balls on that plane. Wonder if anyone survived and made it to an island. Might need a friend there.
Every backpacker and hiker in the world carries a 200 dollar spot tracker and a 300 million dollar plane doesn't come with8 this
COULD and POSSIBLE two words the media over uses to get attention and keep the story going AND THIS STORY - is being over used / this COULD be from the crashed plane / this COULD held us find the rest / this COULD be part of a bigger plane GIVE IT A F - - KING REST / The plane crashed, the people are dead now move on - PLEASE / enough is enough
Yo are truly cold-hearted. The relatives of the people killed when the plane crashed deserve closure and as many answers as possible. How would you fee if you had loved ones on that flight?
OMG! Will Wolfe Blitzer and those other -------- at CNN be talking & showing clips of the findings continuously throughout the day, all day, any day?
May not find the black boxes but they may possibly find another of Hilldebeests' secret servers amongst the wreckage.
So where is the plane? I still say it landed someplace.
I guess Putin is throwing parts in the Ocean
Ha!! At least the zipper on it has all its teef.
I have a feeling the ocean is about to give up it's secrets.
The wreck must be breaking up, and flotsam is coming to the surface.
Maybe hijacked to ????? and the pilot managed to ditch in the ocean.
Check the bag tag, oh that would be too easy!
I knew the french should not be trusted.
Lets see the wreckage is that of a 777, are any others Missing? Pretty much closes the case huh?
It does not make any sense to be a decoy; I suppose it could have been an earlier decoy that we never found until now.
BREAKING CNN NEWS................................................................this just in form CNN there is water, in the ocean possibly salt?? where this " luggage " was found. It has yet to be confirmed by CNN if the water does in fact contain salt...
The only thing confirmed is that Spit doesn't have sufficient intellect to have a computer or use he Internet.
Hey Spit, not my fault you are a moron, talk to your parents it is most likely genetic.
Parts fall off everyday from planes.
Ah ha....the plot thickens based on my trusty map...diego garcia.....maldives...comoros...somalia are all back in play as a possible destination for this plane...ocean currents? depends on how far..how fast wreckage can move in a year from australia to madagascar!!
Yep, landed on Diego Garcia; precious cargo removed; plane blown up, then dumped in the sea. They can do what they please on this secretive military island; even dig a mass grave...Nobody's watching.
Does anyone remember, I think the pilot spoke "french" as a second language. Could be he was trying to land on this island, and crashed before getting there. I find it odd, it has taken a year to "break apart." Could have luck looking in this area.
Why do you say it has taken a year to break apart? If it crashed in the ocean, it broke apart at that time. It is just now that one of those parts has drifted to this island. It isn't like this part just now broke free from the wreckage and floated to shore.
True, I am hoping a ship with sonar could find the rest of it, but 365 days minus this location may put the plane far away.
I think they were searching in the wrong place.
That sounds like something To Whom It May Concern would post.
so Putin finally released a bit of wreckage.
Maybe now he'll release the BUK that shot down MH17
Looks like those idiots over at fox got it wrong again............
Fox News is a bubble-gum place to get news.
First a wing...Now lugage on the same day? Bahahahahahaha.....The media and the government are a JOKE.
please help me someone. Boeing is made in in Everett seattle, so why is it being sent to where the air bus is made in france? or is it another yahoo #$%$ writing this
Reunion Island is a French territory. At Toulouse, Boeing will have access to the equipment to examine the items.
does anyone know exactly how much was spent on looking for MH370?
i would assume the island is being thoroughly searched for any other parts of the plane or personal goods, etc. article does not say that.??
Yes, there are helicopters searching the shoreline right now according to the TV news.
This is for you CNN "Much to say about nothing"!
How hard would it be to fabricate the debris in order to "justify" the insurance payouts?
There is no way that this is from the same plane that went down! Just sounds good folks- I'm just talkin' out my harse!
yeah...so many 777s have gone down...NOT.
Looking @ the picture of that piece of wing---it looks like it might be off a Cessna 210.---doesn't look very big.
it's just a piece, a piece.
Just because it started as a big aircraft doesn't mean it can't break into very small pieces.
that bag could be from anywhere
there is a whole mass of garbage floating out there from all over the world
The wing piece they found looks like it was away from the beach. More like it was inland. But thought I heard them report it washed ashore.
It was found on the beach and taken inland by the recovery team (duh).
You ever hear of picking something up and moving it?
I don't want to sound like a Putin basher but--he did it.
So why haven't they sent sonar searching ships to the island, plot the current and retrace. Seems easy to me!!! Still wasting time.........
First, they need to know for sure if it is stuff from the same flight. Second, it doesn't take ships to do the mapping. They can do all that without wasting money on ships running all over the place. Once they have the possibly crash area mapped out from the currents, then they can bring in the ships for searching.
it's awfully clean to be in sea water for over a year ,just saying
So you're an expert on how plane pieces should look when in water for long periods of time?
i thought i'd never see that luggage again
odd that various pieces of a plane wing would be randomly floating around...wouldn't someone be missing it?
I think you're missing some brain cells.
i don't get the hate, a random piece of wing is discovered, shouldn't someone know it was missing? How often do plane parts wash up on a shore ?
Let me explain it like this. It's not like part of the plane fell off. The whole plane has been missing for 16 months. And they still don't know where it went down, or where the rest of the wreckage is. You make it sound like a real mystery why there would be anything washing ashore.
well duh, I think I figured that part out already. My point was that it would have to come from a wrecked plane, and that was the only wrecked plane of record....for if there were other planes missing a part like that, we would know about it..
Sure the plane further than it had fuel...........
Just the ocean currents along could have caused this debris to float for a couple thousand miles. This doesn't say that the plane crashed near this island.
Man just think about trials where suspects needed good lawyers who came up with evidences like these..
Hey. That's mine. give it back.
you know, that look JUST like a bag I loose in 1988 onna flite from Miami to New York, yeah? The for sure explain why airline never find, for sure, yeah?
WHY don't your guys put in FB or Intagram for the missing relatives will indentify who that thind belongs to
you really think you need to post it anywhere else for them to find out about this??????
Why was it sent to Toulouse? Was that the closest aircraft experts? Airbus engineers are based in Toulouse.
More Airbus birds have crashed than 777's, so yeah, they can say with a smile it wasn't one of theirs.
Nope, it's because it was found on French territory and a French enquiry was started. Toulouse is where you can study and analyse that wreckage in depth so there it was sent. The Boeing experts are already there, waiting beside the French experts.
Both items "found" are to clean for something that according to the "experts" was in the ocean for the past 16 months.
The wing was encased in barnacles, shells, etc. Idiot
oh so now you are a pro at this??
Okay, Mario... What do you think happened? Someone took a flaperon off a 777 that was in service, dumped it in the ocean for a few months and then put it on the shore? Or do you think MH370 was hijacked, all the passengers were done away with. Then the hijackers decided to take it off a few months ago, and then crashed it into the ocean? None of which showed up on anyone's RADAR or satellite images? Or is it more plausible to believe the aircraft hit the water on the day it disappeared and then eventually was dragged ashore from currents in the ocean?
WhtsUpPt, items in the ocean, get very dirty, algae and barnacles are dark. and for the idiot part, look in the mirror you will see the biggest one.
It's "too" as in "as well as" I love to pick people apart.
Commenter, how about MH370 landed safely somewhere, the wing piece and the luggage found, and all the items that will start to show up soon, where dumped in the ocean at a later date and close to La Reunion. As you recall the US Satellites didn't see a thing. Diego Garcia is kind of close to where the plane supposedly went down.
mario... So the aircraft was hijacked, and then they disassembled it and threw the parts into the ocean? We know they didn't hijack it for ransom (or at least not successfully). So here are the possible end game scenarios: 1) They hijacked it to kill one or more of the passengers, but presumably ended up killing all of them. I can't imagine many hijackers that had a score to settle with one or a few people would be that cold blooded and go through that much risk. It also means that they were able to successfully land it somewhere without being detected. Overall, your chances of success would be a lot lower, than if you say, took a gun and shot them, or stabbed them or poisoned them. 2) Someone stole the plane with the intention of dismantling it and selling the parts. I suppose this is possible, but its not a Honda Accord. I suspect fencing 777 parts might be somewhat difficult, especially because there is a whopping ONE 777 unaccounted for. They threw a few parts in the ocean to try to show that it crashed in the ocean, to make people think its less likely the stolen parts came off MH370 because we now believe MH370 is under the ocean (which is what most intelligent people already believed). You also end up killing 300 people to keep them quiet. Pretty cold blooded for someone fencing parts. 3) Someone stole the plane with the intention of using it for nefarious purposes. They killed all the passengers. They found a place they could land (and store) it undetected for a year and half. Several months ago, they threw some of the parts (which are critical to the operation of the aircraft) in the ocean to make people believe the plane crashed into the ocean (which most people already believe) rendering their aircraft useless for future use unless they go and buy the exact parts they threw into the ocean (which now people know what they are) and they get skilled technicians to fix it. Also, they're going to have to come up with a LOT of fuel to fly it somewhere that would be useful to them, and do so undetected. Which might be easy over the water, but try flying an unknown aircraft into US airspace -- see where that gets you. 4) For whatever reason, the aircraft crashed into the ocean. After a year and a half the parts were dragged by ocean currents to about where you'd expect them if the plane went down about where they expected it to have gone down. The sealife on it depended on the exact climates within the ocean that the part went through and how long it spent in each and is therefore hard to estimate exactly and the "experts" simply aren't as expert as you think they are. Which is the most probable scenario? I'm not sure what Diego Garcia has to do with any of this. Diego Garcia is a British military base which the US operates out of that does signals intelligence. I'm not sure what that has to do with where US Satellites are photographing. You claim US satellites didn't see a thing. If you were to draw a box around a 777 it would be approximately 200x200 feet, which is 40k sq ft. By comparison the world is about 5.5 quadrillion sq ft of surface area, meaning you could fit 137 BILLION 777s on the surface of the planet. How many spy satellites do you think the US has? How much surface area of the planet do you think one can photograph? And how do you expect to see a plane sitting on the bottom of the ocean or at night or through clouds? *MAYBE* they could have done something if it was daylight (which it wasn't) and was given notice while the aircraft was still in the air, but we don't have any reason to believe they were asked while the aircraft was still airborne. You're kind of crazy...
Agreed, Flyer. It's seldom one sees so thorough and well organized a comment as this.
Malaysia and French authorities/investigators? Mu God, how incompetent can any one be. Might as well give the debris to the US Congress or the Duggar family.
bill..thankyou and hallelujah...to whoever put a thumbs down...two words for you.
Would be nice to have some closure on this.
Sums up this whole fiasco.. no one really paid attention.
Luggage piece found, adds to what the airline section was saying.....this was not a disintegration impact......the beaches of all those small islands in the Indian Ocean must be covered with crash landing debris. Also, the Indian Ocean can get rough/stormy.....the luggage looks in good shape for drifting around for over a year....or did it???
GOOD SHAPE!!!!???? There was barely any material left along with a zipper. It could have counted towards the thousands of miles traveled in that choppy ocean.
Once in a while the sea gives up her secrets.
Lee Harvey Oswald hijacked this plane with Tupac Shakur after taking a contract from the US Gov (New World Order) in order to finish the job from 9/11/2001.
crashing planes as a form of protest. the secret must never be revealed.
Should be easy to trace currents and backtrack to point of origin....
Not so easy. Pieces that washed up in other places as well would help more.
Why don't they open the luggage and look at the tags to see what flight, etc. it was from?????????????
open the luggage? did you look at the picture? it was a tattered cloth of luggage. nothing to open.
Nothing to open. Like Cass said, it is just a piece of fabric that is torn apart.
BREAKING NEWS!!! The Black Boxes from the "hijacked" WTC planes were also found on the island !!!
exactly. The news is faker than shrek and his donkey.
If Bin Laden weren't dead you could have included him on the island.
The broken wing looks like it was placed there. It's above the tide line sitting on rocks with very minimal damage. No dents or dings. I call bs on this story.
Here's a piece of paper that says "Turn Me Over" on both sides. Please take it down to your room in your parents' basement. It should keep you busy for hours while the adults finish our conversation.
Please refute my claim by looking at the photos again.
No matter how many times you post this, it's still stupid.
maybe the plane landed somewhere and the flapareon was planted in the sea to throw the investigation off
yeah, I bet that's it Tom.
was there a passport? one of the terrorist passport was found in the wtc on 9/11 amidst the melting of steel trusses of the building.
How does a piece of wing with a round, 3 inch hole in it stay afloat in the ocean for months, or a year. Something smells here.
It wasnt floating. It was dragging along the bottom and washed up on the beach.
In late March a Reuters "journalist interviewed a Lugansk region witness to the firing of a missile, the resident said it came from rebel held territory, Reuters reported the opposite. I shudder to think what the truth is.
Q: What sound does an airliner make when it hits the ground? A: Boeing, boeing, boeing....
IT'S A CONSPIRACY SOMEBODY PLANTED THE OBJECTS THERE
praying this can bring closure for the families
That's my bag that was lost in luggage 2 years ago!
Hmmm maybe blown out of the air?
so they found parts of MH370, a part of a Boeing 777and now part of a bag,, so just say they fund MH370,, no other 777 went down in that part of the world,,,,,,,, and why send the wing part to Toulouse, Boeing is in Washington state
It was found on French territory.
Because La Reunion is French, not to mention that the French have aviation experts. I know, Americans find this hard to believe.
So you think the only people who have any airplane expertise are in the US?
john, who said it was MH370, who said it was Boeing and who said it was a 777. These are all theories and they just need someone with knowledge to confirm that. That doesn't need to be someone on MH370, doesn't need to be someone from Boeing and doesn't need to be someone from the country of Boeing. Boeing has plenty of people working in France (maintenance has to be done EVERYWHERE), Airbus people are well enough informed to recognize any piece of Boeing and there are plenty of independent people who work for aviation authorities, insurance companies, expertise or salvage companies who can do the same without living in any specific country or working for any particular aircraft manufacturer. What the heck are you trying to achieve with your comment, do you think it has ANY value whatsoever except to a few guys wasting away in bars?
@Tristangwb its in the article part of a boeing 777 wing tip JACKA$$
@Musical Mom ITS AN AMERICAN PLANE DUMMY, GOD YOU ARE SOOOOOOOOOO STUPID, GO BACK TO RECIPIES
@lightoftruth3 ,,AND Jim you know nothing about aviation or crash investigations,,,,, IF THE AIR CRAFT IS AN AMERICAN A/C THE PIECES OR WRECKAGE ARE TAKEN TO THE MANUFACTURER,,,, A 777 IS A BOEING NT A FRIGGEN PIECE OF GARBAGE AIRBUS,,,, NUMBER 2 IT DONT MATTER WHERE IT WENT DOWN , AMERICAN BUILT A/C IS CHECKED BY THE AMERICAN MANUFACTURER,,,,,, NOW YOU LEARNED SOMETHING
STOP, JUST STOP WITH THE LIES MAN........Never ending circle of deceit or as the saying goes..........A rich mans trick!
Yeah, everything is always a big conspiracy.
hey that guys has some cool threads on almost like Gilligan on the show Gilligan's island.....cooool maaan.
Sure it may have floated a long way way from the crash, but aren't ocean currents known...?
WHO`s to say that the piece of the plane/ect... wasn`t taken near to this island ???
Can't tell that it is luggage from the picture.
After 16 months in the ocean, the bag still has a "closed zipper" and looks like it is totally intact. Yah, right.
I can see right through the bag...that doesn't look like "totally intact" to me.
put that up facebook then the missing relative will indetify
who would have opened the zipper, a dolphin?
E, Flipper would have if he'd still be around, and he'd have tracked down the plane an all survivors too.
and Jan...where did you get "totally intact", lol". The thing is in tatters.
Jan is an extreme Leftist, her "view" is always going to be bad..
They are leaving pieces to cover up the truth damn it people don't you see.........In other news an asteroid to hit the Earth 9-23-15......carry on!
the jews will be after him, i hope he is carrying a glock
What do the jews have to do with this?
What delusion are you suffering from?
ha look at the jew replying. im already two steps ahead of you! if you ever attempt to come on my property ill make sure you are 6 feet under.
Aloha Mr. Hand. I've been thinking about this, Mr. Hand. If I'm here and you're here, doesn't that make it our time? Certainly, there's nothing wrong with a little feast on our time.
And by the way. You won't have the opportunity to do anything about me stepping on your property because you will be obliterated to dust before you even step out of your house. And there won't be anything left of you to put you 6ft under. You aren't any steps ahead of anyone, except in your own silly atrophied little mind.
What about some search boats and planes In that area for More Debris ? .....Or are they going to wait on shore for more parts to wash up ?
Global warming is killing our Earth, and all you guys care about is a part broken off from a plane.
Boy you have a one track mind.
Actually I have the bandwidth to care about more than one thing at a time.
sorry smith if you got that in all of this...perhaps no one cares about you?
Smith, the families of the missing care! you win hands down for the dumbest comment!!!
Though barnacles such as were growing on the flaperon, can attach immediately, to grow to almost 4 inches can take a year and a half, but, the specific growth bands can relate to weather, salinity, water temperature, and other factors, which scientists might be able to compare to local conditions, barnacle populations and weather events. Then, for about ten minutes, there was a news article stating the the flaperon was really a step ladder! Some news folks have a very grotesque sense of humor.
the article's were beamed their from the Grey's Aliens I'm sure of this