Someone, albeit only one, predicted "the greatest U-turn in the History of mysteries", at the reunion of two previous "Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777" acts totally staged with actors, Two gangs of illuminazi suicide bombers in action: - "Putin" and the fake rebels, used to stage MH17 in July 2014 and blame it on the real rebels while pretending to blame it on Ukraine government. - "Netanyahu" and the rest of Israel's government, used to stage the resurrection of Obama Bin Laden with a 9/11 remake at Jerusalem, again with pixels used to simulate the "missing" Boeing 777 crashing on Temple Mount. end-times-prophet.blogs+pot. -- /2014/03/
Could not have been a crash landing because that would necessitate a pilot. According to flight tracking, a possible struggle or deliberate attempt drove the plane far above the breathable atmosphere and plunged it down again. This was repeated several times and experts say above a certain elevation the passengers would have died from lack of oxygen. No way to know if the pilot wore an oxygen mask to fly the plane some place or set it on autopilot to fly until it ran out of gas. But it could not have made a sea landing from that height without a live pilot.
If there is no other documentation of a 777 going down in that area then officials would have to conclude that wing fragment would most likely come from MH 370. I would assume if that plane was flying at a high altitude and then suddenly drop and hit the water then there would be debris. But some witness saw the plane flying low and slow over Maldives that seem out of place would hit the water still intact and then would sink to the bottom intact. Only a few external parts dislodge like the wing but passenger and cargo areas all intact. What a horrible moment. I hope they can track the ocean currents and backtrack.
A plane can land in one piece on smooth water. But it would be nothing short of a miracle for a plane landing in rough seas to stay in one piece. At close to two hundred MPH the tip of a wave is a brick wall and will rip parts off the plane.
There should be more debris like floating seat cushions.
The flaperon was almost instantly ID'd as a 777 part, and with no records of another 777 having gone down, the survivors (families) need to hold a final memorial service . The deep Indian Ocean will hold them in its grip likely forever. I am still of the opinion the fuselage is intact at the bottom with all souls aboard . Reason:.....no massive debris, and mostly, no floating bodies for a time. Intact Bodies do come to the surface as the body gasses cause the flotation. I doubt there will be many other parts found , unless it is another flaperon or other movable wing part. Very sad story.
They found a plastic Interior window bezel. If from a 777 the plane is not intact.
tks Pamila....yes that would be true. Or maybe the only a few windows popped, yet not enough to let the bodies float out of an intact body ?? I always like a crazy scenario for a movie.
I think it's down there too. I think it shifted a little and released these pieces of debris.
This is so devastating to even read about but you really feel so terrible for all of the families dealing with the immense loss of their loved ones. There is a woman who is just torn apart that lost her son daughter in law and her granddaughter how can someone really ever recover from such loss .My heart goes out to all of the families as the stories are many of which we dont even know but can only imagine. I guess its even harder when many held on to false hope that they may still be alive today. I feel that their prayers were heard and now at least they will have some closure as to their loved ones. It certainly indicates that this was something that was done intentionally with the intent to cause harm or death totally unimaginable and completely unacceptable.This cannot continue to happen something has to change and the safety of all passengers has to be of top priority.....
It's extremely rare for this to occur. By your logic we should all stop driving cars... there were over 1,000 people killed in my state alone last year.
even if this part was from the malaysian flight, the area it could have come from is still vast. they searched for a month or more at a cost of, probably, in the hundreds of millions of dollars. the plane is lost. if it somehow gets found by accident, then great, but if it isn't found, let's just accept the fact that all the passengers are dead and somewhere in the ocean. p.s.- requiring all passenger jets to have sophisticated, up to date, GPS and telemetry devices, which are sealed in an area of the plane that no one on board can get access to, and which cannot be turned off, would have solved this problem. it's time to tell the airlines that that is just a cost of doing business, instead of allowing them to dictate what they will and will not put on their planes. it would cost less in the long run, and prevent this sort of tragedy from happening again.
It is always one of my favorite pastimes to read solutions people propose to solve problems that haven't been fully defined. The tragedy here is not that a plane wreckage can not be found. It is that 239 souls were lost. Seeing as you do not know why the plane crashed into the ocean any more than "Mr. Iran Stole It" does up there, I suggest you keep your suggestions on how to prevent "this sort of tragedy from happening again" to yourself.
true, but it would be nice to know why/how it crashed
the difference is they didn't know where to search the sea life on the recovered piece could possibly narrow down the search area
d- what the eff?? are you stupid?? having GPS on board would have shown exactly where this plane was at all times and would have made it possible to find the black boxes, which in turn could have told what happened. it certainly wouldn't prevent crashes, but it would allow the passengers relatives to have closure, if that is even possible in such a tragedy. there were hundreds of millions of dollars, and tens of thousands of man-hours spent on the search for this plane. requiring the airlines to spend a couple million would have prevented that expenditure, and more to come. if the technology is available, it should be used.
If Reunion Island is the only place that is producing wreckage parts then the French in addition to what they are doing they should fly a plane with ground radar along the coast of this island. Then do the same also to other islands that Marine Biologists research results of the flapperon show.
There seems to be a chance the fuselage is reasonably in tact , at the bottom of the Indian Ocean, as there has not been any floating debris, bodies, luggage, etc. The Malaysian Govt needs to have a cruise ship to carry all relatives to the center of the search area, hold a Memorial Service to say good bye The Indian Ocean is the grave of these departed souls.
Frustrated? Seems pretty cut and dried. The only missing pieces of the puzzles are, who and why? I said from the beginning that this was a Middle Eastern plot and that this plane was on a flight path for Somalia or remote island near Somalia. While scanning, there were five small, uninhabited islands with runways long enough to accommodate landing this size air craft. All of those islands are to the north of Reunion Island. Weeks prior, there was a hijacked fuel tanker reported near Yemen which I also suspected was part of this and meant to refuel this plane on one of the islands. We shall see......
Why such a small piece, no floating seat cushions or luggage.
this all sounds to me like they may have been able to make some sort of water landing.. the whole thing is sad that so many families have been hurt without to many answers. I know if my child was on that plane I would want to know what happened and why. we may never find that answer but without any bodies having been found I would think the body of the plane my be intact and laying on the bottom of the ocean. I hope they can find this plane so the family can have some peace as little as it would give but better than not knowing. they airline should be held accountable for this until it is found
Theres only one b777 missing so i,m 100% certain this part is from that aircraft. Political correctness turns to political bulls**t. There maybe similar floating parts being carried on the same current waiting to washup, we,ll see. Light parts blow in the wind, heavier parts flow in the current. The flaparon appears to locate directly behind the engine pylon and seems undamaged and may indicate that the aircraft crash landed on the surface and the engine tore the part off. If there,s internal parts floating it may indicate the fuselage broke up on impact. time and patience will tell. The experts can back track the current with more accuracy now and comb the area , again if neccessary. I believe they will find the crash site eventually. Its an interesting investigation but surely the families must understand that there are no survivors, even praying that a liferaft may be floating for over 1 year since event, theres no way anyone could survive that long at sea.
The families want hard evidence that this is the plane, they should be getting that evidence from the scientist any time now. Hopefully that will give them undeniable proof.
...and if you were the leading authority that everyone listened to then the families would perhaps be happy to hear from you.
I would still want conformation for closure, even if deep down I know they are gone forever. The real question is why did all this happen and for what reason.
Can't crash land without a pilot, and remember that the plane soon after going off course flew high above the breathable atmosphere zone and nose dived down, several times, indicating either a struggle or an attempt to kill the passengers.
Still they deny, the course hooked west toward Africa it was picked up on military radar 240 NM west of its last way point and the plane flew on that INS vector till it ran out of fuel. They won't admit they spent millions searching the wrong location. I think a cargo fire was the cause and an attempt to smother the fire was the reason for the altitude gain. The lack of oxygen or toxic smoke killed every one on board and the plane flew itself until the fuel or altitude ran out. I feel the crew was not the cause. I have and always will stand by my theory till proven otherwise. I posted this theory a day after the disappearance.
Well, the problem with the theory is that you are failing to account for the aircraft being under intelligent control for at least two hours after it was diverted at the most critical point on its route for causing maximum confusion at ATC. Maneuvers were made to skirt the airspace of both Thailand and Indonesia, and aircraft don't care about violating another country's airspace, only human beings can do that. Moreover, there was no attempt to put the aircraft down, wither in the water or on land, over the two hours between the time it was diverted and then pointed south towards the southern Indian Ocean. If everyone at the controls was dead, the aircraft would have just continued straight like Payne Stewart's plane did; this one didn't do that. If there was someone at the controls who was in trouble and needed help, they would not avoid violating another country's airspace; rather, they would want to violate it to have jets sent to investigate and possibly help.
Also why not a May Day or any radio or distress?
Yes, the first transponder went down 90 seconds after the last transmission from the captain ended. They would have known that immediately and had time to radio since they were both in the cockpit at that time
fires do take out wiring and blow breakers this could affect radio, acars, iff and instruments and they said there is no radar or cell phone coverage in that area of the Indian Ocean. I wouldn't be surprised if it is East Somalia and the ocean current maps support this.
Aliens. My Theory. Said it from day one. I am sticking with it until proven otherwise.
Pretty sure Tom Brady had something to do with it.
I agree they won't admit they were searching in the wrong spot. If there was debris from the location they thought it went down, something likely would have been spotter. If this debris has been floating that long, I don't think it would look as good. I think that if there had been a fire, they would have had a second to report smoke. These guys signed off for the night seconds b4 going offcourse. I think that last check in was their trigger to make their move.
So Sue, what happened? Terrorists? What is the point if you do not get to claim credit for the event, which terrorists always do.
For Pete's sake, let the experts finish their investigation. People are so determined to have "instant" news now that a lot of misinformation gets out before all the facts are in. Obviously, the families are eager to get answers and finally perhaps have some closure, but they have been waiting for news for almost a year and a half now....Even though it seems very likely that this piece came from the missing plane, a few more days to verify whether or not this is indeed from that aircraft cannot change the fact that their loved ones are gone.
Yes, we need more confirmation. We are only 99.99% sure at this point.
99% sure that this item Flap was a plant by the Chinese so they don't have to spend money looking anymore!
Were there any unarmed African Americans on the flight?
It's very clear that roxanne and the three replies she received have never lost a loved one. My wife of 28 years died at 56 years old. I'm 68 and never would have imagined that could have happened. She got up early as always and laid down on her couch in the living room. I got up a little while later and when I was walking toward her, I could see that she was gone. That's been three yrs and 7 months ago and as I'm posting this comment my eyes are tearing up. It was 5 weeks before the coroner's office came back with the results. She died of heart disease. Let me tell you Roxanne, that was the long- est five weeks of my life. I still do not understand why she had to go but I do know we are here one minute and gone the next. My heart goes out to those families of the people that were on that missing plane.
george, I'm sorry to hear about your pain. Nobody should live through that. Perhaps you would have felt better had the medical examiner just issued you fake results on day 1. Those who are ultimately responsible for making the claim "yes" or "no" are going to want to be sure, however. There would be just as much, if not more, outrage if the "yes, we're sure" turns into a "sorry, we were wrong." I don't think anyone in this situation is intentionally withholding information or trying to hurt other people. Sorry again to hear about your wife.
You people don't know sarcasm when it slaps you in the face! How about letting me change that to 99.999% sure?
Lets see, everyone agrees it was from that type of aircraft...There is only ONE of those type of aircraft missing, are they thinking a employee snuck one out in his lunchbox and dropped it off of his boat by mistake? This flip flopping on something so obvious has got to have something to do with US Politics, only a group that incredibly stupid could lead to such BS.. The damn part is part of the airplane, the people on the airplane are dead and gone, the boxes can't be found, WE DON'T KNOW what happened......END OF STORY IF it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, it is probably a duck..
It has to do with science actually. No scientist is going to be 100% convinced of anything unless 100% of all possible tests are done and they all point to the same conclusion. They are just playing it safe and don't really have a reasonable expectation that any further testing will contradict their initial findings, but just in case.....
shut up Tony , so where is the rest of the plan , explain it to me , they never found the plan
#$%$ is tony? Ray Charles could have seen that figured out that was from that plane...
What does it matter for everyone knew the people on this plane was already dead, why are their family members getting upset after 500 days you haven't hear from anyone mean they will never be coming back and by finding this part will never bring them back it is time for their family's to move on. Family's are waiting for closure but know that their family member die 500 days ago no matter what they find will ever bring their love one home.
Wow John! How do you know all that? Maybe this part was just a plant by the Chinese to have an excuse to stop looking so they don't have to keep spending money. Jerk!
If they ended up in the sea, that might be true. But what if it landed somewhere with all passengers alive? Do you assume that if they did, we'd have learned about it? Wouldn't that depend on who found them? Can you declare that there is solid evidence they didn't land?
So wait - they keep on finding things from a 777, and all others are known to be operating, but they don't know if it's from "that" one? Really?
Perhaps I am too cold. My mind says that if my loved one was on that plane, they have disappeared (lost or dead and most likely to never return). I miss them terribly. And the things they find that relate, perhaps, just perhaps something of my loved one will be found and returned to me. Not anxiety over the pieces parts found, No a review of my loss. Then again I am cold. or the writers are only interested in the weak and fragiles insinuating all families are demonstrating this anguish. Either way it is TMI.
It's a tragedy for the families, but they need to stop being delusional and accept the reality that their loved ones are not coming back...perhaps they need to rely on faith or religion to be strong and understand that the people who lost their lives that day fulfilled their purpose in this lifetime and were called back by God, or a Higher Being...know that they are no longer suffering. Their bodies may be gone but their spirits live on, and you will see your loved ones again. I'm sure those who lost their lives would have wanted their family members to cherish their memories but to live their lives!
More deist tripe. Magic man in the sky will fix everything.
The serial numbers and part numbers on that flaperon will tell authorities essentially Immediately if the part is or is not from MH370. Unless the numbers are not readable, the delay in coming to a conclusion here is ridiculous!
They already have the part number on the flap, and there are photos of it on the internet - it's 657-BB. And this number is shown in a 777 maintenance manual, both in text and in diagram, as a flaperon on a 777.
They also need to serial number and to track the history of the part. Perhaps the party floating around was defective or damaged, replace, and later sold for scrap. Not likely, but possible. Let's wait to hear what the experts say instead of being so impatient.
Yeah, let's none of us do any thinking anymore and let experts tell us what and how to think so we can become a nation of intellectual cripples who are afraid to make a move without letting a multinational like Boeing or Exxon/Mobil tell us what to think and how to act. That's why we get krappy SCOTUS decisions like in Citizens United. There are enough hard facts for anyone to come to the conclusion that this flaperon is from MH370. There is no other possible source. If there was, Boeing would know about it. If a part like this was defective or damaged on another 777, they would know that. Not only would they know that, they would have had to investigate it to be sure there wasn't a design flaw with the 777 they would need to correct on the whole fleet. Failure to do so would lead them libel if there were any accidents that occurred as a result of such a flaw. Nah, there is only one possible contributor of this flaperon - MH370 - and I don't need a multinational to do my thinking for me; all the facts are right there for anyone with a brain to piece together.
Still no official word. Part confirmed as 777, serial numbers are known. The bill of material will tell you immediately if it is from MH370. They are stonewalling for some reason, they know where the part is from. It's pathetic.
Sometimes in life, instead of relying on a government or an agency, you just have to figure out things for yourself.
Yeah, but the news networks don't like it when you do that. They like it better when they can keep you in suspense
France is the one conducting the official investigation on the flaperon so they can't say definitively its from MH370 until that's complete. They are the ones that have to sign off on the final report. Its just protocol, people don't need to get all spun up. Its from MH370, they're not saying it isn't or that there's any suspicion that it isn#$%$ just how things go.
Yes, they are saying they are not 100% certain because they have not done 100% of the possible tests they could do on this piece. It doesn't mean they are not convinced this flaperon is from MH370. They are not going to say 100% until all possible test have been exhausted. This is just science talking and confusing those who don't understand it.
Would we expect anything different? The investigation and search has been a mess from the get go, poor families.
@maggie What the hell are you talking about?
It has to be MH370, unless there's another Boeing 777 missing that no one knows about. This article states that "family members and loved ones of passengers are frustrated." In other words, their mental state has remained unchanged since the plane first went missing.
I think all formed parts of all commercial planes, or Most of them could be and should be engraved with plane numbers, or labeled with a specific plane number, to determine after such crash, then number found can easily confirm this sort of disaster..
The captain did some "Islamic" stuff, a day or so before the flight, that makes the mind of this Christian uneasy! The whole episode echoes the flight that was sabotaged by the wacko German pilot, several months ago. Both flights point to the one who had sole control of the airplane, after taking care of the co-pilot. (From now on, I'm .going to check the pilot out before I fly! If he appears to be a Muslim, or perhaps slightly "out-of-balance," then I'll take Greyhound!)
I hope you do the same action if your pilot is a white young guy. Remember the German pilot caused the only confirmed cases of "death by pilot suicide".
JBoy210: I did note "wacko" in my comments....
Is it ok to feel uneasy if someone .does some christian stuff too?
@a gryffyne , what if the Greyhound driver is Muslim? Better not take a cab either.
@a gryffyne. And how are you going to tell if the white young pilot is "wacko". I am sure if the German pilot was acting "wacko" the captain or crew would have stopped him from flying. Everyone at the airport said he was acting normal and professional the day of crash.
lol what a flipn circus this is. First the part wasn't tested yet until few days after found and all stories went with possible part from down plane. Few days later was confirmed it was not the part from the wreck. Just 2 days ago the zipper heads are telling the world and the families it is indeed the piece from the wreckage. And finally today now they aren't sure it is......... Btw part is a part unless that part has serial numbers that are tagged to the plane it was built for, no one not even god is going to be able to identify that piece of wreckage to what plane it came from.
It's been over a year and that's too long for these families to still be acting this distraught.
He, PM of Malaysia, would not know an airplane from his #$%$, so why doesn't he just keep his mouth shut until the jury, which does not include him, actually comes out?
According to Annex 13, it is up to the lead investigating agency to make these kinds of statements to the public. Now, if this was us, it would be someone from the NTSB who would make a statement like this to the public. If it was France, it would be someone from the BEA making it. If it was Australia, someone from the ATSB would be doing it. Malaysia's air crash investigating agency is apparently the government itself, and as the head of the Malaysian government, he is the face and spokesperson of the investigation. I agree, he's probably not the best person to do this, but this is how they have chosen to run their air crash investigations.
and there seems to be a lot of verbaling and false paraphrasing of what officials HAVE said, which is not even what they said... Some headline this morning that Australian PM or foreign-minister Bishop said 'sure they are looking in right area, and confidant it will be found.." From the actual quotes supplied, they said no such thing, especially the second half of it.. Who would be moronic enough to go from this to actually giving short odds on an actual wreck find??? Nobody in their right minds.. That thing is still 99% as lost as it was 2 weeks ago..
Honestly, I'm not sure why the families are upset at this point. While we don't know exactly what happened, we know that the airplane crashed into the ocean, and that everyone aboard perished. What more do you need to know?
Its nice to know that the US government isnt the only government that lies and hides stuff from its people.
I sure wouldn't believe anything out of Malaysia about it. They screwed everything up from day one.
If the flaperon is from a Boeing 777, I'm sure there is few if any other Boeing 777 planes that have gone down in the area. It just makes sense that this is part of missing plane. The plane wasn't highjacked by terrist. It didn't land on a secluded island, and the people on board the plane or dead. Give the people the facts and let them have closure, they are not going to get any of the bodies back to bury.
no doubt about that-- they were fish food over these past many months
Only three 777s have ever crashed, one in SFO due to pilot error on landing, one over the Ukraine when it was blown out of the sky but Russian-backed rebels by a surface-to-air missile and MH370--the flaperon can only be from one plane, MH370.
@Sooner... MH370 may not have landed on any island and it ma instead have crashed on the ocean, but how in hell do you know it was not hijacked by terrorists?
Grey Fox your right, no way of knowing I was thinking if taken by terrorists they would have made demands by now.
Because if it had been hijacked by terrorists they would have turned it around and flown right into Petronas Towers or went north to fly into Taipei 101 or the Bank of China Tower in Hong Kong, etc, not fly off into the middle of the Indian Ocean and vanish when it ran out of fuel.
For gods sake the serial number clearly identifies as being from the model airplane that was MH 370. That serial number part is only used on one that type of plane. There is only one of those missing in the world it's MH370. What's so darn hard to keep straight.
What part of "They're all dead. It is humanly and physically impossible for any of them to have survived a 600-mile an hour crash and to be alive a year and half ago white floating on the ocean" do they not understand?
It's not rocket science, get a Boeing person to check the serial number on the wing and parts found, they match the plane that washed up. period.
Exactly, but some folks want to complicate it in the service of their own personal agendas. As for the families of the victims, it's that they don't want to believe their loved ones are dead. For all others, it's because they're cuckoo
You have to do more than that. You also want to check the records to ensure this part was not removed or replaced and if any 777 had the part replaced ensure it was not from one of those aircraft. In many aircraft this stuff is tracked with paper card attached to components.
If something like that had happened, Boeing would know about it. Not only would they know about it, but if they had to give a flaperon to a carrier that lost one on a 777, they would have to do an investigation to determine if there was some kind of design flaw that caused the problem; failure to do so would make them liable for any deaths that might occur as a result of a problem like that, that wasn't addressed.
Talk about a non-controversy the media is trying to dredge up from the muck.
This is getting stupid. Of course the wing part is from flight 370. They already confirmed no other 777s are missing that wing part. Planes can't fly without it. How much more evidence do they need?
These are the French we're dealing with. The Germans would have known in the first 15 minutes...
I understand the need for the families to have an official investigation completed before an announcement is made that "yes, this is MH370... but seriously, how many planes are missing a wing? For any other plane that has gone down in the area, did we not recover the wings for those planes? Is this really a matter of which plane dod this wing come from. Sarcastically, its certainly not a spare.
Hey, all the passengers are dead, now move on with your lives.
It is not that simple. Though it is most likely from MH370, it could have been a discarded damaged flaperon that someone purposefully put in the area. Things like this have been done many times before by those trying to create mischief.
Which could explain why the neutral parties are reluctant to give certainty to their conclusions.
Must be difficult to deal with I get that. We all need to just let them finish the investigation and wait for the final word.
the investigation into the other objects that were found
I can understand peoples frustration , but let the experts make that determanation, would b a lot more frustrating , to have it said it was from the plane and then have to recant at a later date.
Cannot understand why they attack the Malaysian government. Its not their fault no one can locate the missing aircraft.. The Ocean is pretty big to say the least.and a lot of countries are helping. The Malaysian people are suffering , yes, but they have to be more considerate. Its frustrating, but only time will tell the whole story.and it is easy for me to say have patience, but please, do not take the frustration out onto the government. I am sure they are doing their best under the circumstances.
malaysian PM is fighting 4 his political life against accusation of corruption to steal us$700 million ; najib is such a gibberish PM saying and doing things against the advice of his people... so the mere fact he came out openly n confirmed the debris is mh 370 is another attempt to divert attention from his corruption to the families of mh 370 who want to see "BODIES" not a piece of wing with no markings... or idenification except wat the pm said...
After 17 months in the drink, there's not going to be much left of those "BODIES".
They would be lucky to find bones at this point.
jade@ victims' relatives like those women in the pic. still hold on hope that the plane is NOT destroyed but their sons/daughters r still alive and were kidnapped by the russians or ISIS or amazon or burmuda traiangel ... so if bones or bodies r not found they r still alive....
The heat is on the PM about his 700 million dollars Donation and he's trying very hard to put some other issue on the front page instead. Which idiot would Donate 700 million dollars to this noble humanitarian.
France and Australia are being cautious and trying to actually conduct an investigation, which is as it should be. Malaysia is spouting off information like it did when this first happened. If I were a family member, I would have nothing to do with listening to what the Malaysians have to say.
Even after the findings are unanimously conclusive this plane part is from MH370, there will still be families who are holding out hope their loved ones survived and are still alive somewhere. That American woman whose boyfriend was on the plane, the woman who's always on CNN whenever they cover this story, will be one of them.
First it would have taken 2 minutes to figure out what plane the flaperon came from. So I don't understand the drama. Second based on the pictures I saw of the part it appears the plane came down intact into the water, the flaperon, when it hit the water broke off. Odds are the pilots were trying for a controlled landing. Had the plane nose dived into the water that part would have been in shreds. Had the plane exploded that part would have been in shreds. I also believe the plane sunk intact otherwise you would have seen more wreckage, bodies and fuel. Perhaps the passengers panicked and blew out the emergency windows in which case the plane took on water very rapidly with no chance to escape. They will be able to check the currents and backtrack to a closer location where the plane came down. I have 30 years in Aerospace and worked a lot on Boeing Aircraft.
That's a good point. But I think the passengers were all dead long before the pilot crash landed into the sea.
@Bob - if you worked in aviation, you would know very well that nothing takes 2 minutes. They spend a lot of time making sure they eliminate any possibilities of error.
With liability of this magnitude, you know there's going to be pressure to cast doubt on the finding. So who does it point at that is liable?
still finding it hard to believe this one small part of a 777 just happens to wash ashore on a tiny remote island..
No its not Vinny .. the PLANE CRASHED into the OCEAN !! That part is Nothing but TRUE !! Your brain is FULL of Speculation and Confusion !! BOB - U know not what u speak of unless u watched it CRASH ..... U don't even know if the pilots were still on the plane ..................
Plus you watched a lot of airplane disaster movies...lol...
lets assume that all on board died to due oxygen issue,,,,the plane would have smashed into the ocean,,nothing left but particles.... OR the pilot did a soft landing and during the emergency,,,windows did blow and the plane sank. If so,,,and people did get out,,,,nowhere to go but float,,,and die of dehydration or eaten by sharks or whatever..... one day will will get the truth,,,but for now,,,its just that...opinions (like mine) and speculation.
We know that there is only one 777 that is missing. Has Boeing confirmed that a flaperon has never fallen off of a plane in flight? The big assumption everyone is making is that the flaperon could only be there if it came from an entire missing plane, rather than one that landed safely and had a new flaperon installed.
Look, if any 777 had ever lost a flaperon, Boeing would have to supply a new one, and there would be a record of that with all associated details such as serial number, carrier, A/C serial number etc. And then, Boeing would have to conduct an investigation to determine if this was a design flaw that would require the whole fleet of 777's to be repaired in some way. If Boeing did not do an investigation to determine if there was in such a flaw and a 777 did crash due to losing a flaperon, they would be liable for not addressing the problem. I know the conspiracy whackjobs want you to believe that if a flaperon on a 777 comes off, the mechanic would just go to the local plane parts house to get a 777 flaperon and replace it, but that's just false. If a plane loses something like this, there are protocols set by the manufacturer to replace it and then to determine if there is a wider problem with the specific type of aircraft that needs to be addressed.
Yes, Boeing would certainly know that and would certainly have provided the spare part. Yes, there would have been an investigation that may or may not have required repairs to the fleet. I don't believe that mechanics would dig up a random flaperon to put on. I am well aware that such an incident would be thoroughly investigated and lessons learned put in place. That could result in a new flaperon design or a new maintenance procedure, among other things. I am an engineer, and I enjoy reading and watching all I can about these sorts of incidents. What I have not heard is any indication from a reputable source that such a thing has or has not happened. Has Boeing or NTSB explicitly said that there is no *777 flaperon* missing? All I have heard is that no 777 (full airplane) is missing, other than this one.
I think their investigations are a matter of public record, and if any such investigation had been conducted on this flaperon, it would have been in the news like so many of them are when something like that happens. I also believe that if anything like that had happened in the past, it would have been alluded to somewhere along the line since this part was found since it would be highly relevant to this investigation; the fact that there is no indication from anyone, either in the investigation or in the media, stands as evidence that Boeing has had no such problems with their aircraft. This kind of thing would also have involved the NTSB who keep records of these incidents.
One would hope, but one would also like to know that at least one outlet would indicate that they had indeed verified that this is not a possibility.
Just a soap opera on trying to get a free rooms, meals, and perhaps trying to get more insurance money. Sorry, but if one chose a closure, grieves of just accepted that the passengers died peacefully; then trying to find out that possible of a horrifying deaths the passengers went through. I don't buy it.
every plane part is made from details that have serial numbers on them and are traceable to when they are made and what plane they are installed on.
Whether the wing is part of the plane or not, these people need to learn to the face the facts, the harsh reality...their loved ones are gone.
And all this time I thought that somewhere on the flaperon assembly would be a data tag containing a serial number that would link it to that specific aircraft. I guess not.
Yee Gads folks! Number ONE- How many 777's have gone down in the Indian ocean? 3- 5- A dozen? Or just One! TWO- If this isn't from MH370, where could it possible come from? Aliens dumping their garbage? Get real people! THREE- The part has been positively identified as having come from a 777. By process of elimination there can only be one conclusion!
I do like the alien angle.
Oh come on how many other 777s are currently missing?
For me it appears suspicious, unfortunately I don't think the truth will ever be released to the public. From my own experience, I can say the only thing that's going to help the bereaved family members, is that as time passes the pain and heart ache will lessen.
It doesn't take a airplane expert to know it's a flaperon from a 777 and since only one has gone missing, you don't need a French expert to confirm it came off of flt 370. I feel for the relatives and families, but they need to accept reality......370 went down with no survivors!
I've been seeing a lot of "it can't be the plane because it was too far away from where it should have crashed". Considering we don't know exactly when transmission, etc, went out, we don't know what path it took. There is a point where the plane would have run out of fuel, but if you draw a line from the flight path, angle the initial point (even if the pilot was running it correctly, they don't fly in straight lines), then you'll see that planes can veer off course to just about anywhere. Also, wreckage washing up on shore can go to any beach in a circle from where it happened. Assuming the stuff can float.
Attention families: Your loved ones are dead.
What were the results of the criminal investigation?
Whatever may have happened, it doesn't change the fact that they're all dead. These relatives need to accept the what and stop letting the why ruin their lives..
Considering that no other pieces from that type of plane are known to be missing why screw around and say you can't be sure where its' from then???? Unless someone stole pieces from another plane and put them in the sea it obviously came from the plane that we know is missing at sea.
Have you seen the TV show "Lost"?
What does Boeing say? These comments by politicians are just pointless grandstanding.
For the simple mind, simple logic tells them that the debris must belong to MH370 since no other plane has been missing in that area. And second there are no other debris found after 17 months because only one piece broke off the plane when it hit the water, the plane is therefore underwater in one piece and all opening like doors and windows are still closed to prevent the escape of the plane's contents. Makes a whole lot of sense!
Its from the plane, all aboard died, its been a year and a half something finally broke loose and surfaced on land. What would be positive is if the plane is more intact and the black box ifs found. That is the only way the grieving family and world will have answers. It was done by a skilled Pilot, 99% doubt co-pilot, or Pilot was under orders of another. Hope we all get answers.
Really??? Do these "mixed messages" truly frustrate Flight 370 families. The piece of wing obviously came from MH370, the plane crashed, the passengers are dead, and the bodies are unlikely to ever be recovered.
Note to family members: your relatives are dead, sorry but that's all there is to it.
Can't believe the Malaysians, the jury is still out on the French.
Dear to all families, we all know that you are grieving but we are human too! they worked hard to find the wreckage for you so give them a break if they make mistakes ok! otherwise you all can find the wreckage by yourself. Enough is enough. sorry to say but this is getting little bit overhead. No conspiracy here ok! they working hard to find the wreckage so every little thing they find they will report to you! you want this to be open investigation,... so there you ask for it...IT's OPEN..all things found REPORTED whether it's correct or not correct.!
Right On Ary. Thanks to the world wide news media that run the "grieving" people over and over they've kept this at a fever pitch. Yes, the families are suffering and it is very bad for them. A loss is a loss and it is always tragic regardless of the circumstances. It is very obvious after this period of time the plane has crashed and the people on board are not going to return. Hopefully someday they can find what caused the crash and maybe at that time loved ones can get some closure. Tree huggers need to get of the Malaysian governments back. They and many other countries are trying their very best to resolve this issue.
News Flash. There are no missing 777's other than 370. So its pretty obvious where this part came from.
Maybe it came from the obsolete aircraft and parts area in Arizona. Were thousands of unused aircraft are stored for future use or parts.
With historical data of the oceanic currents and the size and mass of this particular aircraft part a highly skilled mathematician should be able to determine to a pretty precise location exactly where that piece started floating from I would think.
What truth these families want to hear the plane disappeared,the passengers not found (this mean dead). Please nobody can say exactly what happened even if they find the black box, they can only put together speculations/theories. People need to understand what is accident and learn to move on. Is the compensation going to bring back these lost ones? And the company can't compensate more, because their are lots of things tied to the insurance.
Now the world having a taste of Ketuanan Melayu like what the Malaysian minorities experience everyday. Guys, you are dealing with the Malay supreme race of the universe. They have special privileges, they don't have to answer to your questions, because you are nobody.
I feel for victims families. This tragic circumstances will change everyone's life forever. Best wishes.
There are no lengths the Malaysian government won't reach for to embarrass themselves.
Here is an experiment that could be performed at the Indian Ocean to possibly help the MH370 high seas search effort: (1) Get 100 small fishing buoys with drag anchor attached to each; such that the ocean drift rate would behave the roughly the same as the found flaperon, that did not float like a sail. (2) Attach a tracking beacon to each of these 100 small buoys, and set up a web-site for the world to see (of course each buoy will have it's own id). (3) Take 50 of these buoys, and drop them along the 7th ARC about half way between the present search location, and the projected search patter end. (4) Take the other 50 buoys, and drop them midway,along an ocean current arc between the last radar location of MH370, and Reunion Island, spaced 100 miles apart. (5) Over time, keep shifting both 50 packets of buoys, until it becomes apparent they are "heading " for Reunion Island. (6) Forget arguing about impossibilities....the buoy experiment will keep the people occupied while the slow high seas search proceeds with weather interruptions.
They did that. There was so many different currents and winds the result was worthless.
Ourjungle, I've thought of a similar idea, although yours is much more sophisticated than mine. 35 years ago as a member of a Fire Department, we were called to a location where three people had fallen into a canal. One had gotten out, but two young women were missing. Initially we searched the canal and the lake it emptied to with no success. A fireman decided to throw an empty can of Coke into the canal where they had fallen and we followed the can as the current moved it down the canal and into the lake. It took several hours, but eventually the can floated to a point a long way from where we were searching. Sure enough the young women's bodies were there. It's similar to the idea you have and I think it has merit.
The Malaysian Transport Minister said "...there are "many other technical details that I do not have to reveal" WHY? What could possibly be the "technical details" that prove that piece was from MH370 that they cannot reveal, and again, WHY? Is this a crime scene and they don't want the criminal to know how much they know? Are they keeping the secret to eliminate false confessions? The have NO PROOF that the piece belonged to flight MH370 but they are desperate to have the whole thing over and done with.
In most of the world, "do not have" does not mean " can not reveal". Why is a silly question.
billy... what's the difference? The point remains WHY the secrecy? You're an idiot.
First thing the families need to do is stop listening to the Malaysian government. At least take anything they have to say with a grain of salt, maybe a big chunk of salt.
I hope it doesn't take Malaysia to charge, arrest, try and convict PM Razak for corruption, right now he is trying to be a hero by taking advantage of his position to be the expert in the MH370 investigation. What a foolish leader!
How many plane crash debris are in that area of the world, most planes cannot even reach the island let alone crash around it. Now that we have determined that there is never plane debris in that part of the world, how many 777 planes have missing parts floating around that area ? Maybe the French want to exclude it might be parts from China, you know those Chinese making knockoffs ? The idiocy continues.
Just how many parts are falling off of Boeing 777's washing up on shore? A simple airframe Boeing tech would know exactly if that is the part is from that type of aircraft.
Why is the focus of the media on plane and not on the criminal investigation?
Why have the results of the criminal investigation not been made public?
There is no doubt this part is from the missing flight...the only missing 777 in the world The authorities were just being cautious, but they overdid it, causing more unecessary grief for the families. All that finding this part does is confirm what we already knew: that the plane is at the bottom of the ocean. Nothing else will be known until they find the black box...
I can certainly see the frustrations the families are going through. From the very start, every hack stated with authority what happened and where the plane went, only to change their minds and state another personal theory as fact. Now that a piece of the aircraft has been found and identified every piece of trash that is found ends up on a headline as a part of the plane.
This airplane is the only one of it's kind that is missing. Come on now... those people are dead. The only plausible explanation of this part washing ashore is that it came from the aircraft. Those people are at the bottom of the ocean... these families need closure, hopefully some of the bodies can be recovered so they can be buried.
The only reason this debris is even being sent to France is because the island it washed up on is France territory. Officials in Malaysia, who build the damn plane, were able to review all information, part numbers, and photos of the object. I'm confident that they are able to identify it. This has nothing to do with Malaysia wanting to run away from anything; this does the opposite. Now this is right back on the front page. Now a larger search comes along. Now more items are found. Before you know it there's going to be a large hangar somewhere with this plane partially reassembled. The real mystery here isn't what happened to the plane, it's WHY it happened to the plane.
The plane was built in America. It's a Boeing.
@Robert, LOL, Malaysia builds Boeing aircraft?
There's a reason that all of the commercial aircraft in the world are made in the US or Europe... who on earth would get in an airplane made in Malaysia...
When did Malaysia become a manufacturer of airplanes? Especially Boeing? Who knew?
If any of the victim's relatives has common sense of a 7th grader (Junior High) & I am sure many of them even have PhD, MS, BS degrees, they will know that NO doubt the part came from MH370. There have been only 3 previous crashes involving B777 (Asiana airline in S.F, Bristish Airway in London & MH17 over Ukraine). All of them crashed on land. Is there any MAGIC way the parts of those crashes (which were 100% recovered except MH17 in Ukraine) somehow float back to Indian Ocean? HAHAHA
Todd, when a loved one dies, I can GUARANTEE you that those who are left behind do not think logically AND they hold out the smallest bit of hope that it is not true. How do I know? I'm a funeral director. I deal with this daily. I have families that come in after making arrangements and they tell me they don't even remember making them. Also, for some people, grief is not something that has an expiration date. People can actively mourn for YEARS after the person passed and every time the wound is picked at, the hurt starts again until you can get it under control.
They couldn't get there on their own, for sure. But how sure can you be that they weren't PLANTED in the ocean near Reunion Island?
@Mokay: understood your comment with sympathy. I have gone through several tragedies in my OWN family members but I handled them with calmness. Understandably, we are all different. Fair enough. @Holly/ blurb: I did not bring up whether it was planted or not. All I said was these parts CONFIRMED that the MH370 crashed. It's over. Even if these parts were planted there, it does not change the fact that the plane crashed & everyone died.
@HollyB - the certainty that the items were not plants will diminish as more is found. With today's underwater drone technology it's just a matter of time before the wreckage is located. Maybe it's a decade from now but at that point in time those who have attached themselves to the "plant" theory will hold on tight looking for more and more reasons to suggest that they were right all along. Just like the "we didn't go to the moon" crew and just like the "the government is hiding aliens from us" gang. Maybe some of the conspiracy theories are true but certainly not all of them.
Typical of most media, they don't wait for "facts", they are in too big of a hurry to get the scoop and be first even if they are wrong. They should be held accountable for inaccurate information.
Egad...even in this day and age, it would be really difficult to stage this scenario?
"many other technical details that I do not have to reveal" If Malaysia is sure it's MH370 the why would they NOT want to reveal any and all technical information that they have? If authorities in France are sure it's from a 777 then it has to be beyond the shadow of a doubt from MH370. While no other debris has been confirmed coming from MH370 makes me wonder if the flaperon may have been planted evidence to make Malaysia look good and get this mystery off their 'books'.
Okay, so how is finding this part going to "get this mystery off their books?"
This is a ruse. The MH370 airliner is in China being reverse engineered.
And somewhere is a village idiot who donated his pea brain to W.
Reverse engineering what exactly? Anyone with a $1BB can buy a 777...
I wonder if possibly, English not being his first language, if what he means is that he doesn't have the data himself, the experts have it and have given him the assurances but not the data itself. ie, "I don't have the details to share with you", rather than "I don't have to share the details", his exact phrase being " other technical details that I do not have to reveal". If I'm not right on that then he is a rather insensitive individual.
Well, it's unlikely that he was involved in the analysis since he has no technical expertise in this area. That being the case, I think he likely didn't have the details and even if he did, he would not have had full knowledge of the ramifications of those details. Unlike other countries, the investigative arm of Malaysia is a government run agency. If this was the USA, Australia, Britain, France, a specialized government agency runs the investigation with the head of that agency being the person to make contact with the public. In the USA, it is the NTSB. In France, it's the BEA. In Australia it's the ATSB. Malaysia has a different system than most countries do
Isn't Prime Minister Najib Razak also the same idiot that said the flight wasn't missing hours after it was supposed to have reached it's destination. Ever since the start of this saga, I have always felt that the top officials in Malaysia have not been honest and straightforward. It's not necessarily a conspiracy theory but I do believe they know what really happened and therefore are trying to blame someone else. Maybe it was a hijacking and Malaysia refused to negotiate with the hijackers, or maybe it was shot down by some country . The fact that we have satellites and other survellience and it just plain disappeared doesn't make sence.
Liz, you are right, he is an IDIOT and a BIGOT! Malaysian government is run by a bunch of thugs, therefore I am not surprised at all that there maybe cover-ups somewhere. I do not trust thugs!
This is just typical 2015 scenario. We live in a time where nothing is concrete or definitive anymore due to the sue happy public and everyone looking for a handout they either don't deserve or shouldn't get. If they said, with no reservations that this is the part from a the plane and everyone is dead people would (or should) get on with their lives and accept that as fact and find closure. IF down the road that part (or parts) are confirmed that it isn't from the plane, everyone would feel they were lied to, feel like their newly found sense of closure was wrong and they "suffered" needlessly, they would sue everyone and anyone because those feelings deserve some monetary payout. It happens every single day here in the US, from businesses, to rich socialites that don't like people talking about them to ghetto families of dead criminals who think they deserve a payout for the death of someone who died at the hands of another, regardless of how or why it happened.
You sure conjecture a lot. You must be a repuglicon.
Well said Jessica-they are gone -life goes on as you must go on -our media keeps fanning the flames making sure someone pays out-just like you said
Republican or not, You know I am right.
+Jessica You are ranting. Bitter and callous? This is an alleged plane crash. No one knows for sure -- at least it seems that way. People who fly are (mostly) insured--Life and Travel. If this was negligence, they have right to a law suit under applicable violations. In many cases, Life Insurance policy will not pay if no remains are found or death is confirmed? How do you get from this to "handouts" and "Gheto"? Imagine you lost your husband, father, son etc., will you think they are just "Gheto", so you and the world should move on? Political zealous and unprovoked hatred seem to cloud basic humanity.
I don't agree with the search area being in the appropriate place which is being conducted in the Southern Indian Ocean... 4000kms from the apparent search area, and where a part/parts have been found... C'mon, I've lived around the ocean all my life and know all too well how fast currents can move but the search area in my opinion is way off... Check out some real time ocean current maps off Madagascar, Reunion, and Mauritius... The currents that move into these places are much higher up than where the current search area is. The main body of the plane could even be located between the two islands of Reunion and Mauritius... The flaperon was found on the north eastern side of the island, and the ocean currents tend to come from the north east... Along with the lack of barnacles on the flaperon, I doubt that has been floating in the ocean for a year. In my opinion they should be searching a lot closer to the debris found.
Lauren, stay out of the kitchen if you don't know how to cook. There wasn't enough fuel on-board for the plance to have gotten anywhere near that island. It went down in the area where they are looking, whether you want to believe it or not.
Najib seems to confirm that the flaperon IS from MH370. He is now an expert in aviation ? He knows what is going on more than he wants to reveal. Maybe Mahathir should come out with what he (Mahathir) really knows.
I would think in time they'll find more parts of this plane. Why or how it went down will probably remain a mystery perhaps forever. Hopefully all planes will be required to have transponders that cannot be turned off and multiple small jettison locating devices that release on impact or explosion. I find it hard to believe Boeing and Airbus do not already manufacture these items into every plane they build. We sent men to the moon and back years ago and send satellites to the end of our galaxy but do not equip modern aircraft with multiple tracking devices that are fail safe.
Forget the transponder, GPS the suckers. That way, they're easily tracked by satellites.
Transponders have multiple codes its not possible to transmit one code or all the planes will look the same to the air traffic controller(ATC). What ATC will say Malaysian air 374 climb and maintain flight Three two zero (32000 feet)squak 2300. The transponder emits the code and it will appear on the radar screen under that code --so he or she know what plane it is --specifically. Also there is a code for hijacking. Thats what a transponder does.
@Daniel. Yes l know it does offend some people but l am old and was brought up to speak the truth, my life is in "Black & White", face facts and do not 'beat around the bush'. I lost 2 people in my life that should both not have died but l faced up to it, l have not forgotten them(one 48 years ago), but l believed that they are dead and did not go chasing around the stars thinking that the vehicle was looking for a station to gas up.
Tom. What is your solution if the Transponder starts smoking and there is no way to turn it off?
I have to agree with Scott, something is fishy here. I first heard it was part of 370 then it was not part of 370, then now again it is. Of why are there no marine life on the part after a year or more. Floating in the ocean or under water the part was too clean. Even my boat had barnacles after sitting in the water for two months. I want to see more parts found leaving a trail to the aircraft. Fuel leaks, oil leaves a trail even from hydraulics. Tires have air, they float. Seat parts float. Where is the rest of the wreckage?
@KVAR1054 - From the images of the flaperon found on Reunion which I have seen, to me it seems to have barnacles on it. I have watched televised news casts about the flaperon, where the "debris experts" talked about the barnacles on the plane part.
They should call in Barnacle Bill The Sailor for answers
@KVAR1054 - if the plane was blown up, the seat parts wouldn't be floating and there would be no hydraulic oil, etc. Your entire argument is baseless.
I have a boat and for 3 months is the mooring buoy barnacles grow so fast that monthly I have to dive and clean the sterndrive and crush barnacles with a plastic meat hammer. They can grow up to 1 inch in a month. I do not see algae big barnacles or massive seaweed growth on this part of the plane found, that supposedly was one year in the water.What I say one year in the water should have massive sea life on it.A couple of years ago I read that a boat crossing the atlantic lost a dingy in a storm . Was found in a beach in Ireland a year after. The boston Whaler was hardly recognizable due to the barnacle growth.So what I say one year on the sea with hardly no sea growth on it something fishy with this part found.
barnacles like oysters can not survive in clean sea water. They feed by filtering less clean and more nutrient brackish water. Inlets and bays are where you find them growing.
So why the Boston Whaler that drifted for a year in the Atlantic ocean had so many barnacles you could hardly see the boat behind it.
Did you inspect the part found personally? Earlier reports stated that there was indeed signs of sea growth on the piece. Are you suggesting that one would expect to see the same results you see on your boat in all of the earth's oceans? You get more growth parked in places close to shore than you would get in the open ocean. Too many variables to make this sound "fishy".
I can explain it to you but I can't understand it for you!!
There are barnacles on it according to other reports.
The Malaysian Prime Minister is a criminal and an idiot who is using this to divert attention from the 700 million Dollars the Wall Street Journal traced to his personal account. The investigation of these parts is being handled by French air investigators since the island is a territory of France. They are the only credible source, not the Malaysians.
i would think Boeing would be the experts since they built the plane, and their plane parts are numbered.
He thinks he can divert attention away from 1MDB but he is sadly mistaken. This thug and his wife will go the way of some of the most hated leaders in the world.
@ lamme How much damage will the monster do before he's deposed? The Captain of MH370 was at the sentencing of the opposition leader on bogus Muslim sex charges the day before the crash, and he likely crashed the plane. In a way, Najib is likely the but-for cause of the crash. They also misled searchers in the early stages who were looking towards the planes intended destination when the Malaysians already knew it had diverted to the South and West.
@ Gilbert No kidding Mr Brilliant, but it's in the hands of the French and their air crash investigators are competent enough to identify an airplane part.
France from the outset violated the procedure of the investigation in refusing to other countries in measuring and provision of data on the buoyancy flaperon with clams and no molluscs. The terrorist acts of genocide, thermobaric explosion aircraft MH370 (training), MH17 (target), the leading Zionists are fascists Bavaria, Vatican City, Tel Aviv. Behind they are followed by Germany, the Netherlands, China, Ukraine, Poland, Australia, France, USA, Russia, Qatar and opposition of Malaysia. All satellites reconnaissance and research usurped by the zionists-fascists.
All due respect to the victims and their families but what does it matter. The plane crashed. Its done. No new info is bringing anybody back. If anything when the "truth" comes out your gona be even more distraught. What outcome are you hoping for here? To know why? I guess I understand that but it'll not bring you anything but more hurt.
I was just going to write something similar... Time to move on
I suppose there is always the "Lost" scenario...
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: Jerusalem: Carbon Copy of 911 2001: Obama Bin Laden resurrects from an ocean of discrepancies. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03 For REALITY: End Times Paradoxes: World's safest countries for christians as well as for more than half of whites Egypt since 2013 and tiny Maldives (both with a muslim majority) are two out of only three countries in the list where population is not being bombed by the nazi airforce with barrel bombs, splitter bombs and in Syria also chlorine. The third one is Bhutan (Buddhist). Rest of the list are liberated areas of - Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Libya, Somalia, Azawad (again muslim majority). - South Sudan, Central African Republic and east Congo (christian majority). BASICS Manhunt for non-whites is now starting in the white majority areas of the IV Reich. See: Wing Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing to be found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ Genocide of whites started with unborn, elderly and sick in hospitals years ago and about to be drastically increased with simultaneous and global compulsory vaccination. Goal: exterminate half of whites and 85% of non-whites. Compulsory vaccination alias vassassination: Why it was postponed again and again since 2009 (4th time added May 4 2014, 5th time added Jan 18, 2015) global-genocide.blog+spot. /2011/07/
Matt M., you need an editor. As a member of Mensa eligible to be in Triple 9, I can say your post is incoherent.
I lost all respect for the investigation team when they insisted on searching in the wrong area for the black box ping. They willfully ignored the satellite data that proved it had crashed much farther south west from where they searched until the battery was dead. Now they are searching based on the satellite signal timing data but that company's web site had it up and the investigators ignored it until it was too late.
Just speculating, but I don't see any indication of having been shot down. This part would have been very close to exploding fuel and should show some sort of related markings. Except for being broken off from the wing, it looks relatively intact - as if the pilot deployed the flaps to slow the plane just before impact - impact being the force that tore the piece off the wing. If this was the case, we have to ask: Did the pilot seek to survive impact, was he successful and if so, where is he?
Yeah, right. He survived 2000 miles out in the Indian Ocean. Guess he swam back to Australia.
Like I said, just peculating. Assuming the pilot planned all this, he may well be alive somewhere in hiding. Emergency escape chutes double as lifeboats and he could have packed food & water in his carry-on. If he planned it with some terrorist group, he may have had arrangements for boat pick-up before authorities thought to search the southern Indian ocean.
It wasn't shot down by Diego Garcia. Quit saying that when it's not true!!!
The pilot and the precious cargo were extracted by a submarine.What was in the cargo bay?We seem to focus only on the muslim Iranians and pilot.Did we have any valuable spy/scientist on the plane?
Why does it matter if the iranians on board where of islam faith? You sick christian Brain #$%$ American ?
@tucky3 No it does not.The media is paranoid about their religion.That is the message.Does it enter your head now?
The grieving families continue to be whipsawed by conflicting reports about the search. I have read at least one other article that confirms the wing part is indeed from the missing plane, and another from search authorities who state the location of the find fits well with the search area selected. And now this. If the Malaysian Prime Minister is merely trying to deflect attention away from a domestic scandal at the expense of the families as suggested, he is a cruel man indeed.
It's all an act to get more money.
I think most of the family members feel these parts washing up all of a sudden were a plant to put the search to bed. They have been looking for this plane for a year and a half spending millions of dollars on the search with little news. So it makes sense that those footing the bill want the search over with no matter what the outcome. I am not saying that is what is happening, but at least the French investigators are doing "More investigation" to make sure this is not a plant. At least, that is how I see it.
There are many tests that scientists can run on this flaperon to determine many things. They are not going to say they are 100% certain about anything until 100% of the available tests have been run. It doesn't mean they are not convinced beyond a reasonable doubt this flaperon is from MH370, it just means they want to do more testing, right down to inspecting every atom of the flap
True and as vast as the oceans are- I find it hard to believe a piece this big and heavy would wash up on shore well before suitcases, clothing or other aircraft debris.
@PitViper I think it'd make sense to consider all the different ways the aircraft could have broken up / entered the water before cementing your beliefs. Maybe it'll help you to also believe that some luggage may have been found (see a_forestier on Twitter, July 30th).
They should all be on the same page at the same time, with an official announcement made when all the evidence has been examined and a conclusion agreed upon by all those involved. Malaysia jumped the gun on this one! The spokesman saying they had more 'technical details' that he 'didn't have to reveal' is ridiculous and insulting! If they have more proof, show it to the world! I don't blame the families, I would be upset, too. They need an absolute, not vague guesses and differing opinions!
I think it is the French are the ones who f ' ed this up. They are giving a scientists answer when they should have given a real world answer. Of course a scientist is going to say he or she is not 100% certain of anything until they conduct 100% of the available tests and all of them confirm each other; that's what scientists do. However, that does not mean they are certain beyond a reasonable doubt that this flap is from MH370. They really don't have any reasonable expectation at this point that any of those tests are going to contradict their initial findings, but as scientists often do, they are just playing it safe
CORRECTION: that does not mean they are NOT certain beyond a reasonable doubt that this flap is from MH370
Most scientists and engineers learn early in their careers NOT to do the very thing that you are suggesting, especially when there are people demanding an answer before a certain answer can be given. For weeks we read articles about the sonar signal which was certainly from MH370 (beyond a reasonable doubt) and long-behold that turned out to be incorrect. This isn't an everyday thing. My question is, are the relatives really "infuriated" over this or is the media asking them questions until they get an answer that sounds angry/upset and then running with it like it like the sky is falling? I wouldn't be surprised to learn there is more anger on this message boards than there is in the families aforementioned.
A piece of a 777. The only missing 777. The families feel uncertainty, Why? I would take this as closure. Especially after 515 days. Those people are dead, one way or another.
Why? How? Where? Those are the uncertainties.
Understandably they want confirmation from a country that can actually be trusted and to know where the plane crashed and why. If you think this would be closure, think again. There is no closure in this sort of horrific loss anyway.
Spencer: so you know how it crashed? Please tell us...
Interestingly the Chinese Govt have contributed nothing to the $76 million cost of the search...nothing,,,zilch...and expect everything for nothing... PS: Having said that... I extend my heart felt condolences to all families who have lost relatives lives in this awful tragedy
Their ships & aircraft were involved in the searches last year. C'mon, let's stick to the facts please.
Who pays the bill for the search?
About 80% of $76 million paid by Australia and 20% paid by Malaysia and China 0% In the early stages [first 3 months] there were 5 countries supplying ships and aircraft ...so by all accounts you can declare even...But China with 153 missing passengers has paid nothing....I repeat NOTHING in dollars terms
I still find it hard to believe that with today's technology planes are not equipped with some type of GPS tracking device that can send out a signal giving exact location and whose battery lasts longer than a week!
the black box pings last 30 days... duh... guess you don't know as much as you think u do...
Some people wouldn't know sarcasm if it came up and bit them in the butt!
What part of "these people are dead" don't their relatives understand? Or are they trying to drag out the 'pain and suffering' for the purposes of achieving a bigger lawsuit? Lord knows the LameStream Media will try to stir up any latent emotions they have about the event in order to squeeze more 'clicks' out of the story. People have a right to do the sackcloth and ashes business as long as they like, but at some point it becomes a sign of a mental defect...
They're holding out hope that the plane was hijacked, taken to a remote isand, and that their relatives are still alive. Sure, it's a disconnect from reality, but when it's your own family member, you wouldn't want to believe they perished either until you have visual proof
They're not your relatives, Pain in the A...But people like you apparently lack the empathy chip. People have a right to grieve...they don't need to be judged by A**hats like you.
When Muslims from the airline or the Malaysian government make comments about MH370, I listen, but find their thoughts predictable. It is very important to them to have the public accept that this part DID come from that specific plane. That's because it will serve to divert attention from other geographical areas. These same Muslims, speaking early on about the tragedy, were very ill at ease, evasive and nonproductive in the search. To me, that seemed as though they had something to hide. There was a big can of worms, and it's still there. It has been obvious, from very early in this investigation, that something very nefarious had gone on in that plane. Something that made it go haring off toward the northern tip of Indonesia, called Banda Aceh, which is mostly Muslim. That's where the last confirmed contact with the plane occurred. The southern Indian ocean became the target for searching, based on some very shaky signals that couldn't be positively attributed to that specific plane. Yet all searching focused in that remote area, and is still focused there. I found it alarming that none of the investigation has EVER been focused on Banda Aceh, which would be a logical place to touch down. Yet the plane flew right over it before the focus of the search was shifted to a thousand miles south, in the ocean. That's so irrational, it shouldn't have been so blithely accepted, yet it was. The plane may indeed be at the bottom of the ocean in that region. But the total lack of checking a more logical place set off alarms. The investigation of this part cannot be totally attributed to MH370 unless there is other debris found in that region of the Indian Ocean. It is not at all unlikely that the part was planted. Only one Boeing 777 has ever been lost at sea, so people are easily accepting that this one came from that specific plane. But there were other 777 crashes on land, and it might have been possible to retrieve that part from one of them, then plant it in the ocean long enough to acquire a lot of barnacles, then arrange for it to wash up on Reunion Island. Is this explanation "out there"? It might be, except that where Muslims are concerned, almost nothing ever IS "out there." My only concern is to know, for certain, that the plane did NOT end up in Muslim hands. Debris from planes that crash in the ocean almost never washes up with just ONE piece. If one is found, there will be others. This is what I am hoping for. More debris bodes well for the southern Indian Ocean crash scenario, and reduces my anxieties about involvement by Muslims.
It's not exactly easy to hide a 777. If the plane were in "Muslim hands" the USA would more likely know (more likely than the part being a plant, IMO). I understand your anxiety, after 9/11. But in order to keep your conspiracy theory spinning you will soon be claiming that victim's belongs, which are beginning to be found, must also be plants. If you're doing that I hope you're in no position to speak to the victims' families. You seem extremely invested in believing that things are the way you think they are. Will you ever truly be able to let go of that? What amount of evidence would it take? Bodies can be dug up from graves. Heck, people could be killed and planted. This whole "I know better than everyone else" road you're on leads to thoughts like that.
Why still so frustrated over a part of a plane? Everyone is dead, move on.
I thought bananas we chaquitas not jacquitas.
Why does every story that is posted by the AP have to be subjected to filtration,rewording, revising or otherwise doctored as received from the news feed in order for it to be published in a PC correct state for consumption? Do they feel that we are not capable of drawing our own conclusions? Just give us the facts,Kristen,and leave the BS for the weak minded comic book readers.
While searching they could eliminate several possibilities like Diego Garcia by simply allowing a search in the waters where it may have been shot down. Unless of course they have not completed disposing of the debris. On the other hand after the election next year may be a more pragmatic time frame and would not effect who will reside at 1600.
It is pretty simple, if the part is from a 777 and no other 777 is missing that part, then it has to be from Flight 370. You do not need to be a super investigator to connect the dots on that one.
Oh, you want people to think for themselves rather than letting a multinational corporation or government agency do their thinking for them? Good luck with that.
Don't blame Malaysia, blame Mohammad and his satanic followers.
Why are these countries refusing to accept the obvious, that the debris is from the crashed plane? Australia's insistence in continuing its search 4000 km East of the Reunion island in spite of the find is dubious. Is there a possibility that they knew all the while where the plane crashed. One can imagine various reasons why the international community could do this.
china is so rich that it would use all its money to invade other nation's territories but would not even put a single dollar to help her citizens who's love ones perished in this tragic disaster.
I just don't see what difference it makes whether the wing was from that plane or not. Do the family members actually think that their family members are still alive, marooned on a deserted island somewhere ala Gilligan's Island and that they expect someone to be able to locate them now by analyzing ocean currents or some such?
The only 'frustrating' thing the families should be feeling is the fact that their loved ones bodies aren't and won't be recovered ! But for any of them to suggest that their loved ones may still be alive only shows their Denial !
All aboard MH370 have been dead since that night in March 2014. I don't understand how their families could have ever thought otherwise. The only questions that remain are why did the plane go off course (we'll never know) and did this wing part come from MH370?
In other news, the people aboard that plane were found on a previously unknown island where the women are all topless in g-strings and the women all have four large breasts. Scientists are debating whether to call these people an entirely different species of humans. Scientists propose #$%$ mammatus" as the scientific name for these new kinds humans.
The Malaysians are a bunch of screwballs.
What do the families hope to find out ? They are all gone ! Weather it's plane failure or pilot suicide , the plane is at the bottom of the Indian Ocean...let them rest...
These families really need to get over this. It was a horrible and tragic episode in airline history. The largest search effort in the history of this planet. The plane crashed, the people died. Quit complaining about finding the plane.It is over.
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's announcement in the pre-dawn hours is kind of premature and ahead of confirmation from the French agency. Yes it is kind of mixed up. And there is a scandal going on so he might just distract from his own mess.
I can understand the confusion the announcement has caused, even after 500 and some days. Not knowing the full story can be traumatic, and can ruin lives and families. Good luck and best wishes to the families in their search for closure.
i feel bad for the families but they need to understand that sometimes things are never fully answered or fully explained. the teams on the ground are doing everything they can, some answers are just hard to find. they should accept the fact their loved ones are gone and try and move on.
Do the math! No other 777s or flaperons are known to be missing, but the U.S. and Boeing team members are trying "to be precise," the official said. What, exactly does that mean? Obviously, if no other 777 is missing, ergo the flaperon must be from MH370.
I suppose there's an outside chance that this could have fallen off a cargo flight and is a replacement part. Seems really really very extremely unlikely...
We know the fate of the distraught families who are still waiting for the final word on the missing flight. They are totally no realistic ignorant delusional fools who can not accept reality. YOU FAMILY MEMBERS ARE DEAD, DECEASED, ROTTEN AND DISSOLVED IN THE OCEAN, CRAB BAIT, GONE FOR EVER, NOT BURIED. NEVER COMING BACK.
No need to be so crass about it.
My heart goes out to the families of the victims, but their level of denial is a bit scary. I mean, the plane disappeared over the ocean, and now wreckage is starting to show up. Safe to say the plane isn't sitting on a runway somewhere.
All the more reason in this day and age of streaming data that black boxes are obsolete. Streaming cockpit video and voice recording along with all plane data recording can just be streamed via satellite to wherever such data needs to be stored. Airlines have been resistant to this (probably due to added cost) but it should no longer be optional for transoceanic flights regardless of origination of flight.
OK, now we know something that we already knew. Well everybody except conspiracy theorist lunatics. However, the question still remains; what to hell was the plane doing over the Indian Ocean to begin with? Why did the plane after heading north then turn west back across Malaysia and then turn northwest to intentionally avoid Thai and Indonesian airspace? Why?
Maybe the conspiracy theorists are half right... or half wrong however you wanna view it... someone or the pilot could have hijacked the plane and tried to steal it ran out of fuel and gently put it down in the ocean miles from where they were supposed to be. Why else would they avoid detection from known airspace...
I blame the media for getting the family hope up. it is just a part of the plane no bodies were found so what are the families expecting,when a body or body part wash a shore then that family can have closer and not until.
the plane is down and gone, the passengers are long dead. Say a prayer and move on already.
It's in our interest to confirm the plane is downed. Until that time, one has to consider that, yes, the plane could have been hijacked into the hands of terrorists. I think up until confirmation, it makes sense to me that families hang on to hope. Many would, and I have compassion for them. It is also extremely important that objective investigators attempt to discern why the plane went down. The international community needs to know if it was mechanical, pilot interference, or at worst terrorism. The original ocean drift projection shows that the drift could have reached the area of Reunion Island. People, don't bad mouth the surviving families and loved ones. Where is your humanity? It's sad that we Americans immediately think they are looking for money. It won't bring their loved ones back.
Where is your brain? Of course they are looking for money. It is the most important thing in their lives. You have never lived in that part of the world or known any people from there. All their histrionics for the cameras borders on ridiculous. If you bought that, too bad for you. Things happen in life and we don't get answers MOST of the time. Spending all this time and money on looking for a toothpick in a vast ocean is ludicrous. These people need to settle for the money offered by the airline and get on with their lives.
I agree with you Leo !! what you said makes very much sense .. I always have thought it WAS Terrorists and still do !!! The Malaysian Government is simply looking for a scape goat to tell the families , they know what REALLY happened but they or us will NEVER know !!!!
Maggie, do not assume where I have been or what cultures I understand. You really are so cynical and hateful that you believe these people are faking their grief? Seriously? I'm not nave, but grief and the outward signs are sometimes, indeed, cultural. Americans are litigious....we sue everyone. It is not the same in this part of the world. Secondly, you don't understand International and Homeland Security if you believe finding this information is not worth discerning. And since we all fly, finding out is important. How kind of you to say to those mourning, just take the money and get on with it. I'[m sure you'd appreciate that if it were your family.
Really terrorists have been hiding the plane for over a year? Where? A secret island invisible to satellites? The Passengers are where? Yes the families are looking for money, they are already trying to get the case in American courts where they can go after Boeing. They have already done a full check for terrorists and all they found was a couple of illegal aliens.
Rob. People are going to fly airplanes into the Word Trade Center? Impossible. The explosion and fire will topple the buildings and kill untold numbers? Impossible. Although unlikely, it is not beyond the realm of possibility. I doubt it would be on an island; more likely in an underground hanger. Every expert I've seen interviewed since the plane went missing refused to rule out this possibility, however small. If it were proved that Boeing were responsible for a mechanical failure or malfunction, they would be liable. And btw...some terrorists are not known...such as the Americans linked to terrorism unknowingly. I'm not a conspiracy theorists, but we need to know this plane went down. I'm glad you know all of the families personally, b/c not you are ignorantly stereotyping them as money hungry instead of grieving humans.
Those planes went in as fast as they took control. It was always possible. Now for this plane to be taken and hidden then to have a chunk wash up on shore? Your logic is blown. You cannot just hide a plane this size someplace, this is not a Bond movie where the villain has a secret private airfield. Every airfield that could take a plane this size is known and was checked. We will probably never know why this plane disappeared, nor will we likely find the whole thing. The Indian ocean is over 28 MILLION square miles in size with a mean depth of 12000 feet. It is gone and the people on it are as well. Time for everybody to stand up and face hard reality.
I still think the plane was high jacked by the co-pilot and taken to Iran. They are soooo cleaver. They are far too cleaver to put a flaperon on the island to be found that was from another plane. So, how difficult would it be to obtain a flaperon from another 777? Are there other 777's that have been retired from use, or have crashed, and it would be possible to get parts? The flaperon from an out of service 777 could be repaired or restored and put on the existing 777 where ever it is, hidden from public view. Why do I think it was high jacked? If the plane had of had a major and fatal problem, and it took hours for it to crash, does anyone think everyone on board would not be on their cell phones, callling anyone they could reach? Especially since so many of them were Chinese, who adore their cell phones! And the pilots would not have made every effort to contact someone? And the plane was able to be controlled, the pilot turned it around! If the plane had been in trouble, why would the pilots not have returned to the airport they just took off from? And, there is evidence that after the plane was over ocean again, it slowly flew to a low altitude and then flew very high. That would enable the pilot to turn off the oxygen at the low level, and then slowly fly higher, which would put everyone to sleep and kill them all within a short time. Of course, if this is true, and it was the copilot, he would have had to kill the other pilot before he answered the inquiry as to whether everything was ok after takeoff, and it was the copilot who responded that, yes, everything was fine. Then all communications from the plane were shut down and it turned around. That was not an accident. The only other answer would be the copilot was going to commit suicide, but to go to such lengths, take so many people with him, and just fly until the plane crashed into the sea? It is possible, but makes little sense. It makes more sense that he helped Iran highjack the plane, killed everyone on board before they had a chance to realize something was wrong. He would have flown out there over the ocean with no landmarks to see, deprived everyone of oxygen and they quietly died, and then flew the plane to Iran is a horrible, horrible possibility. The Iranians would be way too smart to put a flaperon from a different 777 on that island. So, everyone had better be thinking what they intend to do with that plane, and Israel had better be looking for a strange 777 to come flying their direction one of these days, packed full of bombs, and any nuclear bombs they have made. I pray this is not true. But, can you imagine a huge plane in danger of crashing, and not one person on board tries to contact someone for help? And, the pilots turn off all of their communications, and fly right past the airport that they had just taken off from? If this is true, the plane would be repainted to look like it is from another country, and just an innocent passenger plane. It would mean the Isralies would be forced to take the chance they would be shooting an innocent plane down. Iran has said over and over they are going to wipe Israel off the face of the earth, and that plane would sure do that.
"The only other answer" ?? Seriously man? There are infinitely many things that may have happened here and there is just as little evidence supporting your guesses as there are for the others that are out there. But honestly, your skills at airline crash forensics seem a bit spotty to me in the first place. The mere fact that your LEADING reason for believing your guess about Iran is that cell phones were not being used. Cell phone towers have a range of about 22 miles. There are no cell phone towers in the middle of the ocean. Is this really *ALL* the thought that you have put into this before coming up with such thoughts? Really?
Cell tower range is actually about double that, but doesn't materially change things. The plane also did not have enough fuel to fly to Iran on a direct route, let alone a route that would have had to avoid Indian military radar.
"soooo cleaver. ..."? "far too cleaver..."? We all can see someone here who is not "cleaver" at all .
You wouldn't need a 777. The Iranians have dozens (hundreds maybe) of Civilian aircraft that could carry an atomic bomb. You'll recall they even killed a bunch of their own people in a flawed 747... which didn't have a vital and well know repair made thirty years before the fatal flight.
First, the aircraft was carrying 7h 30m of fuel to dry tanks... it didn't have the range to reach Iran, It would have had to skirt India, which would have put her in the drink off the coast of Pakistan. Second, (and I don't know why people are so stupid to not know this) THERE ARE NO CELL PHONE TOWERS OVER THE OCEAN! Cell tower RANGE averages 25 miles.Third, why would someone put a SINGLE PIECE OF DEBRIS on an island 3000 miles away and 500 days later? Fourth, how are you going to STEAL an aircraft this size and not have it seen? Granted, that happen to a B727, but that was back in 2002 in the middle of Africa and nobody saw it stolen, they just noticed it was missing a month later. Fifth, you don't just take a nuclear bomb, strap it in a seat, and push it out the door as you fly over Haifa (or crash it into a school). They don't detonate that way. Sixth, "Chinese, who adore their cell phones!"? Are you STUPID? Seventh, Are you STUPID?
I'm not in their shoes and could not imagine the grief of losing loved ones this way - and while it would be nice to have 3 countries all on the same page - come on already . . . Time to accept the reality of what happened even if you don't know why. They are gone - and while that is sad - it just is.
having a hard time believing that this one small part of a 777 mysteriously washes ashore on some remote island.
right,,,it was placed there...lol. so many holes in this incident is crazy
The Malaysian want to collect the insurance that's why the keep insisting that it was from that doom's flight.
France, Australia and the USA will never confirm that this flap came from the ill fated flight as they will then have to produce the remaining wreckage. It is not their job to verify it as they know absolutely nothing about it, as Boeing was the manufacturer. Typical bureaucratic government BS response !
i'm not sure why these people want 100% certainty? Use a little logic - your loved ones are dead. There is no doubt or conspiracy. Did the plane fly to Atlantis or the Moon?
no telling what the pilot's intentions - if he had planned to land it someplace then perhaps he misjudged his fuel supply. Had he planned to simply crash it, then why attempt to evade radar or bother to crash it in some specific body of water?
Typical Chick relatives BS refusing logical explanation MH370 crashed in South Indian Ocean and were NO survivors. Even IF searchers locate plane in 1,000s feet of water, #$%$ believe must be survivors to rescue. Time for #$%$ to face reality and move on with their lives.
Comment: I understand the need to be precise. Question: How many other Boeing 777's are missing and/or unaccounted for?
None. There have been five hull losses in the history of the 777 (Yes, they are that good) and the others have all been on land, thousands of miles from here, and are completely accounted for
Let see, a flaperon, other words a large part of a Boeing wing is found on a beach, only one airplane is missing world wide, had another plane lost this part it would have crashed, what more questions need to be answered? It is just about money for the workers looking into the details. Details...
You can indeed remain airborne with a flaperon missing. It all depends on how skilled the pilot is.
Well Leo, Do you recall any airplanes that lost that part of the wing? Maybe Air France that crashed in the Atlantic years ago, besides that nothing.
Remember Malaysia was not very cautious on how they operate their airline. Lost three planes in 2014. Two should never have happened. Over flying an active war zone and flying into severe weather is not a good flight plan.
Who knows the plane better than Boeing? Are the French so arrogant that they can't send the parts to the manufacturer? I'd much rather hear what Boeing has to say about the found parts.
the French would have to difficulty determining if a woman that just gave birth to a child was actually pregnant.
This morning over at FOX media they have picked up the CNN gauntlet of squawking about Flt 370. FOX talking heads are now confirming that everything that is washing ashore is from the aircraft.
Next thing they will wonder if Mickey, Goofy and Donald are dead. It is the FOX funnies after all.
go back to the geologists that were mapping the ocean floor that said a plane showed up where the had already mapped east of reunion island, that the united states government called BS so their contractors could keep looking in the wrong place , a waste of money and time
If they still don't consider this hard evidence then I'm going to stick with the alien theory.
That won't work anymore. California just banned the word "alien".
Relatives have waited over 500 hundred days for word on the fate of their loved ones???? Duh, they are dead. These people are outraged because, after tens of millions of dollars, all the kings men and all the kings horses can't find the damn thing. But unless you believe they were abducted by aliens, finding the wreckage won't change their fate anymore than Amelia Earhart's.
Sad, but time to move on. Whomever is at fault is certainly dead. Nobody is coming back. Take a payout and get on with your lives. What else is there?
So what philosophy or religion combines mass murder with suicide?
Why would they send the part to France? Wouldn't you want to send it to Boeing first to verify it came off a B-777? It doesn't add up.
I don't understand the problem, the airplane crashed and everyone died, end of story. Time to move on.
With no other 777s or flaperons known to be missing, where else could it have from?
The real mystery here is why Malaysians tolerate these complete imbeciles to govern them. As many speculations as there were for MH370:1) the entire nation is full of idiots, Najib is just the chief idiot. 2) All Malaysians are actually sheep disguised as humans, 3) No one there gives a chit. Pick one.
The click bait says "more debris found". Where? What? When? The article never says anything about. I already know about the Flaporon and so does everyone else, so they had to add the "more debris found" to the tag, which really amounts to a lie...God, I hate liars!!!
No, it wasn't a lie. They HAVE found more debris, but they're misleading as to any significance attached.
I'll wait to see what France has to say on it. The Malaysian prime minister has already proven that he'll open his mouth and say whatever before having facts to back up his statements.
Please stop showing photos of these unfortunate people in their agony! Let them at least grief in private.
These Malaysian Minister's need to be removed from their seat. He added that there are "many other technical details that I do not have to reveal" that confirm the part is from Flight 370. Uhh... why the convolution? This is what Malaysia has done from day one.
How many other 777's are missing. I don't see what the delay is about, really.
The debris is from all the fake moon mission rockets of past. And no, rocket thrusters do not work in SPACE without any atmosphere for combustion to act against idiots! Just because you see it in movies does not make it true. Need proof? Try breathing inward or outward with your nose at or near the suction end of a vacuum cleaner. You can't breath, can you? That is why you will not see a helicopter fly directly over another helicopter. The top helicopter will fall down onto the one below do to the vacuum of space caused below the upper helicopter, space of any size experiencing a vacuum. Dear stupid past generations, you have been lied to by your past appointed authorities. Wake up!
In short, fire a thruster in space and the blast disapates outward in every direction, all at the same time, you can not direct the thrust no matter what.
Jackrabbit PM Razak does it again and jumps the gun, he likes the world attention and expects everyone to believe. Good thing the real experts are not so keen to follow his hasty rush and I hope they turn around and make him an idiot. But maybe Razak's strategy will work because no one will dare embarrass him, they know he has more problems like charges of corruption.
He's not jumping the gun. You are misinterpreting what is going on. Those who are analyzing this flap are not going to say they are 100% certain until they have conducted every last test on this piece, and those tests could number in the hundreds and take months. They have no reasonable expectation that any of these tests will contradict their analysis thus far; they are just saying what they are now to be safe and will not commit until ALL the tests are complete.
Is it possible for the plane to lose the flaperon without going into the water?
If that had happened, it would have been noticed that it was missing, and a replacement would have been requested from Boeing; this would have been recorded along with the new serial number of the part. It also would have instigated an investigation by Boeing to determine if there was a design flaw that had to be corrected; the investigation is required because if they did not do that, and the flaperon caused a loss of life, they would be liable for those losses
The Malaysian PM should be the last one to talk about MH 370. He is trying to divert the attention from the investigation into the embezzlement of $700 million in 1MDB funds into his own account. Malaysian politicians are soo corrupt and full of s#$t...
We hear that a lot in our own country about our politicians.
John, which country do you from?
The fact they have found a small part of the plane only means they have found a small part of the plane. Otherwise they know NOTHING .
They know the plane couldn't stay in the air.....so yes, they DO know what happened...the passengers are dead, not on some remote island as families hoped for.
If they found two 14-year-old boys from Florida holding on to the wreckage, I'd be impressed.
Not funny at all. I see you have such respect for life that you will make a joke about two teenagers lost at sea. I'm sorry I share the same earth-space with you.
These people haven't learned anything. From their bungling of initial news, to this date, they haven't learned to wait until all the known facts are in before holding news conferences. If this is their M.O. ..... What kind of ragged condition is their flight training, pilot cert. and maintenance like?
France and Australia must be having a hell of difficult time sorting out all the pieces of all those 777s that have crashed around the north to northwestern part of Australia in the last two years or so. To help them out, here's little clue. THERE'S ONLY BEEN ONE and that was flight MH370. What plane and flight do they think it came from? The one that crashed over the Ukraine? NOT LIKELY.
You can be right 9999 times, and people will remember and blame you for the one time you are wrong. They are looking for evidence that says 'This IS MH370', not 'this MUST BE MH 370.'
AA, I agree with you in principle but there comes a point where reality if not logic takes over. I worked at Boeing for 14 years. You could take a part from plane "A" and bolt it to plane "Z" and if something happened to Z you'd never be able to trace it back to A. They don't put a plane's serial number on every part that goes on a plane especially a part that's as commonplace as a flaperon. There might be a Boeing part number on it but that's about it. There's not likely to be anything that can be traced back through maintenance records or even the airline's order for that particular plane that would list that particular part. It's just too common a part. There's nothing unique about it. You have to look at the total combination of things. For instance, how many 777s have crashed in the southeastern part of the Indian Ocean in last X number of years. If any crashed planes weren't recovered where would any debris likely float too given the ocean currents, nearby land masses for the particular area in which the plane crashed, etc. Given all that, the probability of this flaperon NOT being from MH370 is basically infintestimal
Sadly this when denial sets in for some, unable to accept that all hope is lost, their loved ones gone, in spite of proof. it would be different if there was more than one 777 unaccounted for in this world.. not exactly a dime a dozen junkyard part that was casually tossed away.
Some anonymous man on YouTube posted this comment just 40 minutes ago. "Speaking anonymously, To the families of the victims of this unspeakable tragedy: I am sorry to be the bearer of bad news however your loved ones are all dead. I am involved in the investigation and the wreckage they recently found is completely fake to try to bring closure to victims families and stop the pressure on several government bodies. This is very difficult to tell you but the aircraft was found almost immediately after it dissapeared. It was accidentally shot down in a military action. The military vessel that was involved tried to make radio contact with the aircraft but because of civilian and military radio frequency differences the aircraft never received the request for identification and in a last second decision, for security reasons the aircraft was fired upon. The body parts and remaining wreckage were incinerated in a industrial smelter to cover up the incident. I have risked my life to tell you this information. I know it's vague however if I was too specific I could be identified and i cannot have that at this point. Please do not reply to this post as this account will be wiped and I will not answer any questions. Thank you for your understanding. Best luck to all affected families."
People post things like this to reddit not freaking youtube. Credibility -1
It does not explain the satellite "ping" for seven hours after it disappeared from the radar.
And to think, this only took one week to come to this conclusion that it was part of the airplane.
Still skeptical if that piece of wreck came from that plane and only that piece. I would imagine more to follow from the same ocean currents if anything ever shows up. Until more pieces show up then maybe they can piece things together and decide from there. In today technology I don't know why commercial passenger planes don't use a GPS system. The black box system is outdated. You have to dive or dig through a wreck when you can have it all to download from a dedicated GPS tracking satellite.
I think you misunderstand how GPS works. Satellites constantly send out information about themselves: position and current time. Receivers then use that data to calculate their own location: trilateration. GPS satellites don't store information. That's the reason black boxes are used on the aircraft. By the way, planes do use GPS... for navigation, just like your vehicle and/or phone.
The GPS constellation doesn't record or receive data for its users. Users are receive only. You would need huge data servers and an expensive satellite system to store the data.
It shouldn't take that much time to identify this plane so I am not sure what is going on? Just the ability to determine how long this has been in the water can tell a lot.
LOLOLOL I've told you days ago, news from Malaysia is unreliable, especially coming from a muslim (Nijab) who is under investigation of money theft scandal involving billions of ringgits. You should go google 'Saving Private Account' and 'Lord of the Ringgits'. Until an official announcement from the French investigators, I wouldn't trust anything coming out of Malaysia authorities. Even Malaysians have no trust in their government, why should we?
The problem is that the Malaysians are, and have been in charge, of this investigation since day 1 due to the fact that it is their aircraft, and by UN treaty, that puts them in the drivers seat. The French are not in charge of this investigation and will not be making any statements, nor can they by the same UN treaty.
CIA and NSA are in charge. Malaysia changed their story right from the get go. Somebody made them to change their story.
I dont know how big the wing debris is, but exactly how many 777's crashed into the ocean recently? Exactly how many planes went missing around that area recently? To make things even easier, exactly how many planes that size went missing recently? Just one! If Boeing confirmed the debris belongs to a 777 then if a layman can conclude that this must be it.
they outsource so many parts that they do not know anymore what the plane parts look like. Just saying.
That's absurd. They keep strict control over what parts they give out. It's not like your local auto parts store. Moreover, if a 777 loses a flaperon, they have to conduct an investigation to determine if there is a design flaw they need to correct so that there are no future incidents that could lead to loss of life.
This is the French you're talking about. They should have had it on a military transport as soon as it was found instead of waiting for a commercial plane to carry it several days later. Then when it arrived it should have been analyzed immediately instead of waiting several more days. Typical French inefficiency.
All knowing idiots of Yahoo commenting here just for fun.
And you posted that for what reason? Not getting any nookie r something?
Not nearly enough,Ed,not nearly.But thanks for caring !
OMG, whenever we complain about things in this country just remember the bumbling of the Malaysian government and officials.
Our country is headed in that trajectory. Give it some time. It'll get there.
Our country is already there, our politicians make dumb comments daily.
Good of some to just declare the part from 370 so relatives can rest and get compensation. Do not ask where are serial numbers.
Well I guess they have to make it official but it was already pretty obvious since no other 777 in the world is missing this piece.
Malaysia is desperate to put an end to this case and run away from all responsibilities," that's what this fake section of a plane is all about they have no clue what happened.
They could have put a quicker end to it by just letting it fade away, not doing something that brings new life to it. This is now going to spark new analyses on a number of levels and new searches.
No one really much cares at this point. This is an old story by now. The only point in finding the rest of the plane is to find out who bears the culpability and who is going to have their pants sued off of them for billions of dollars...Boeing for building a #$%$ plane, or Malaysian Airlines for negligence. In any case, the families of the victims and their offspring will all be dead of old age by the time this case wends its way through the court system.
Now will all the conspiracy theorists who were so adamant that the plane was stolen and hidden somewhere please apologize?
Nah, that ain't gonna happen until every last atom of this flap is analyzed and confirmed to be from MH370
Now you know this was just removed from the plane and placed on the beach as a red herring, conspiracies never die.
My guess is Malaysia is lying through their teeth (as per usual) and everyone has to "defer to them" since it' their airline. What a terrible thing to do to the families of those on board!
I tend to agree with you, AmericanGirl. Malaysia doesn't have a very good track record of telling the truth, that's for sure.
Boeing should be doing the work as it is their product. They would be the most versed in this situation. It would seem others are trying to stall the investigation or possibly manipulate the findings. It does not seem fair to the families of those involved in this investigation.
Boeing is doing the work; they were on the "international team of experts" that determined that this flap came from MH370. By UN treaty, it is the lead investigative agency, as determined by Annex 13, that coordinates the activities of the investigation and makes announcements for the whole team. In this case, Malaysia is the lead investigative agency because it is their aircraft. Boeing is not, nor can they be, a lead investigative agency because their primary responsibilities are not investigative.
If we CAN find any iota of a reason to question the findings, we WILL. Unless the plane somehow appears somewhere intact with all passengers still alive and on board, there will continue to be doubters.
If it's definitely a piece of a 777, and MH370 is the only missing 777, it's not a hard conclusion to make. It's the ONLY conclusion you can make.
It's a shame all the "experts" commenting here aren't part of the investigation. You would have probably already found the plane, determined the cause of the crash, settled all of the lawsuits, compensated the victims, found a way to prevent it or any other accident from ever happening again, eradicated the French for moving to slowly and the Malaysian government for speaking to quickly, and moved on by now.
I think I can safely predict that the plane will be found within a year, and the flight recorder retrieved by a submarine, and the pilot committed suicide over the Indian Ocean on purpose.
malaysia wont admit islamic terror was the cause of the crash. pretty simple. the muslim pilot who had a large "INFIDEL" passengers going to china, by killing them, what in islamo nazi minds is he elevates muslims by killing the business leaders or society that is not muslim in malaysia, another way of eliminating the presence of non muslims in that part of the world.. Ishaq:208 Now we bound ourselves to war against all mankind for Allah and His Apostle. He promised us a reward in Paradise for faithful service. We pledged ourselves to war in complete obedience to Muhammad no matter how evil the circumstances." Sura 8:55 Surely the filthiest of animals in Allah's sight are non-muslims. Qur'an 8:39 "Wage war on non-muslims and kill them until they submit and the only religion is Islam." Qur'an 9:5 "Fight and kill non-muslims wherever you find them, take them captive, harass them, lie in wait and ambush them using every stratagem of jihad." Bukhari:V4B52N220 "Allah's Apostle said, 'I have been made victorious with terror.'"
Didn't realize flaps from airplanes are that common on a beach.
I tried telling them that this is the migration season, but did they listen? NOOOOOO!
Can't believe that your argueing over a piece of plane, it almost looks as if someone is trying to cover something up!! And why is it taking that long to identify?
I just saw a report on CNN that said that the part that was found IS IN FACT from a 777. They also said that the plane that was MH370 is the ONLY 777 that is unaccounted for. Sooooo, If the part that was found is known to be part of a 777 and the plane that was flight MH370 was a 777 AND that particular 777 that was MH370 is the ONLY aircraft of it's type that is unaccounted for, then the part MUST be from MH370. Connect the dots. It's not that hard.
That's right; it's a no brainer. The probability that this flap is from any other source is absolute zero. However, you're going to get thumbs downs from those people out there who are intellectual cowards and need a large multinational corporation like Boeing to tell them what to think.
Futtheshuckup, As I type this, I see that there are 4 thumbs up and one thumbs down. HOW can there be any thumbs down for my comment when I was stating FACTS??? You are absolutely right Fut, LOL and funny too. To the individual who gave me the "Thumbs down" I would like to know 1 thing, What part of the facts do you dispute and why ?? We know that the part that was found is from a Boeing 777 aircraft and we know that the only Boeing 777 that is currently unaccounted for is Maylasian Airlines flight MH370. So how can there be any doubt that this part came from flight MH370 ???
It's very easy for those who are not intellectual cowards: PREMISE: The flaperon has a part number on it - 657-BB PREMISE: The Boeing maintenance manual identifies that part number, both in text and in diagram as a flaperon for a 777. PREMISE: The flaperon came from a 777 PREMISE: The only missing flaperon is on MH370 CONCLUSION: MH370 is the only possible contributor of that flaperon. This is as good as a DNA match.
Fut, Thank you for connecting the dots for those people who read this and do not understand my original comment. By the way, as I type this, there are now 2 thumbs down for my comment (Which is a collection of the FACTS.) LOL That means that there are 2 people who have an issue with the facts. I would invite the 2nd person who gave me the "Thumbs down" to take me up on my offer to explain why and how you can dispute the facts.
The "FACT" can only be conformed when the investigation team say that, not by CNN. This part may had been thrown from the ship during transportation due to part may had some type of defect. Or, if going to deep conspiracy, may had been planted.
That's false. First of all, CNN has confirmed nothing and are waiting to be told what to think by Boeing just like the rest of the intellectual; cowards The facts that we know so far confirm this is a flap from MH370. It's got a part number on it - 657-BB - and that has been confirmed with photographs of the flap which are undeniable evidence. That part number is shown in a Boeing 777 maintenance manual, in both diagram and text, as being a flap from a777. The only missing flaperon was connected to MH370. Ergo, this flap is from MH370. You intellectual cowards keep waiting until Boeing tells you what you should think, but the rest of us know where this flap came from - MH370.
If it did fall off one, there would be a record of it falling off and there are none. Boeing has a very rigorous procedure when giving out replacement parts to their aircraft.
Marora, Boeing reported and confirmed and reported to CNN and other media outlets that ALL of their 777 aircraft are accounted for EXCEPT the aircraft that was Maylasian Airlines MH370 2 DAYS AGO. The fact that CNN broke the story is irrelevent. Therefore, the part that was found can ONLY be from MH370.
@mark, It could be part designed for 777aircraft, but never been installed on any 777 aircraft. Do you understand that?
Not possible. Boeing keeps track of every part they build by serial number and where they have gone to. They aren't like you local auto parts store. Do you understand that?
Boeing keeps extensive records on their parts, and if they replace a part like this, they have to conduct an investigation to determine if there is a problem with the whole fleet of 777's so they can make sure the problem is rectified so that it doesn't cause an accident in which hundreds of lives could be lost in the future. They don't just give parts to their airframes will-nilly and without knowing the reason for someone needing the part
Marora, The part that was found and is being studied IS IN FACT from a Boeing 777 because of the serial number and other identifing marks on the flapperon, this was confirmed by Boeing. The ONLY missing Boeing 777 in the world is the aircraft that was Maylasian Airlines flight MH370. What part do you not understand ?? I am JUST now hearing from CNN that the investigators in France have absolutely determined that the flaperon that was found in the Indian Ocean WAS in fact from Maylasian Airlines flight MH370 Just like I SAID IT WAS when I made my first comment approximately an hour ago and 5 people now have given a "Thumbs Down" To those people who gave me a "Thumbs Down" I was quoting FACTS from the manufacturer of the aircraft that CNN was reporting. Bottom line, If every other 777 aircraft is accounted for by the maker of the aircraft except for 1 and a part from that same aircraft washes ashore, then it MUST be a part from the aircraft that is unaccounted for. Geeze, as soon as I heard this story on CNN I put 2 and 2 together and got 4. Apparently there are 5 people in the world who can't connect the dots.
Yep. Malaysia confirms plane debris is from Flight MH370 "The international team of experts have conclusively confirmed that the aircraft debris found on Reunion Island is indeed from MH370," Najib said in a televised statement. WE TOLD YOU SO!!!
You forgot the 777 that Russia shot down within a few weeks of the MH flight disappearing. Perhaps this is a part from that aircraft, flown out to the middle of the Indian Ocean and dropped to confuse the search efforts, knowing that this would eventually wash up on the island! Ha, a proper conspiracy theory. Or, it could be from one of the original 777 test beds that were never sold as complete airliners. Maybe aliens are shopping for spare parts in the AZ desert, and then dropping them in the ocean when they transfer a plane load of Asians to their mother ship? Why send the part to Airbus for identification, why not Boeing? Another conspiracy!
I stated FACTS in my original post. FACT: The part that was recovered a few days ago IS from a Boeing 777. FACT: the ONLY Boeing 777 that is missing is Maylasian Arlines flight MH 370. These facts were established BEFORE the flaperon was taken to France for identification. (Which by this time was a mere formality.) FACT: As I was typing an earlier reply to my statement, CNN, which I was watching at the time, CONFIRMED that the flaperon DID IN FACT belong to MH370 (Something I knew when they found the part on Friday.) The fact that 6 people have given me a "Thumbs Down" shows me that those 6 people either can't accept the facts or didn't understand my original comment or are just plain idiots. My original post was ALL THE FACTS. and there are still 6 people who gave me a negative response (Thumbs Down) Unbelieveable.
Marora, do you really believe that they do quality control inspections on aircraft parts while they are in transit on cargo ships?
FACT: China is the capital of counterfeits of everything. FACT: MH370's flight route includes a destination inside China. FACT: MH370 is not the first time flying this route. FACT: MH370 has been inside China for some time. FACT: every aircraft parked inside a airport goes through some level of maintenance. FACT: MH370 is a label for a set of aircrafts flying the same routes. FACT: the MH370 that went missing isn't the only MH370 aircraft. Connect the dots, a flappon from one of the MH370 aircraft but not the missing MH370 aircraft could have had landed in Beijing and got its flappon replaced with a counterfeit with copies bit by bit including serial numbers. That replaced flappon ended up in another air craft that lost it during the flight or that flappon went to scrap yard before some one trashed it to the sea.
Get rid of the Prime Minister. What an arrogant #$%$ he is. I am not trusting anything he says and will wait for conformation from the experts. After, it is has been a year what does a few more days or weeks matter.
I have a question about this whole debacle...How many Boeing 777's have lost this part over of in the ocean? Boeing should have some idea since they are the one who supplies parts to the airlines for the Boeing 777.
None ever has. In fact, if one ever did, there would be an investigation as to why in case there was a design flaw that would make Boeing liable for the deaths of anyone as a result of such a flaw
All significant events involving 777's are listed here: Boeing 777 plane crashes . Losing a flaperon would be a significant event, and there are no incidents of that nature where 777's are concerned. There is a significant event of a pilot having a heart attack though.
Since Boeing confirmed it's a piece of a 777, if it's not MH370 then another 777 crashed and no one noticed!
It's part of the Asiana Triple-7 that crashed at SFO, and where someone took a piece of garbage and deposited on a beach on Runion.
Simply said, I wait for someone other than Malaysia to confirm it before accepting it; Malaysia has made too many claims which proved false. Once US, France, Australia, or Boeing officials make a statement...then it's time to take the statements seriously; until then, we have to wait.
The Malaysian officials are just plain cruel.. Have been from the get go, and continue to do so...
There will be more debris showing up as the US Government releases it. The plane was taken out because there was stolen drone technology on board. Stolen from the U.S. by the Taliban in Afghanistan and on its way to China. Mystery solved.
hahahahahahaha what did l say in my post yesterday, some of them think the plane is still flying around looking or a garage up there. Why wont these idiots just accept that the plane is mostly at the bottom of the Ocean and the people have been eaten by fish, the bits left on the Ocean floor have been eaten by crabs and prawns and you will be buying that frozen from Walmart..
Hmmmmm....you are right Tom but your language is really offending to the bereaved families.
I wouldn't believe anything Malaysia Airlines or the Malaysian government said. They haven't been forthcoming since the beginning.
My heart breaks for those families that have waited so long just to be jerked around by Malaysia again. Couldn't they wait until the final determination was agreed upon??
Couldn't they get a life after a month? To for the most part to end your life whining is ritual suicide.
I still don't think that the piece is from the missing plane. The article states " France examining the part hadn't yet found anything linking it specifically to the missing plane"
Who gives a Damn about this stupid plane? They are all dead. Period. Is it about getting a huge payout from whomever that these people just seemoso terrible distraught even after more than 500 days? What help did the U.S.get from Malaysia when 2 airplanes were used to destroy the twin towers and over 3000 (!) people were killed? Exactly: NOTHING!!
u r a disgrace to humanity
They know exactly what happen (Malaysian) to that plane. just base on their report. At first they said the plane crash heading to China. then three days later they said that it made a U turn heading to Indian Ocean. Really?
Nobody is more anxious to find answers to how the plane disappeared than the victims relatives and friends but some of you posters are being unrealisticly impatient. You want your information "yesterday" but this is going to take time. The following is from an NBC News article titled "MH370 Search: 3 Questions Experts Want to Answer About Reunion Plane Debris" Investigators in Toulouse, France, are analyzing the debris  here's what they're looking for. Jean Paul Troadec  former head of the Bureau of Investigation and Analysis, France's counterpart to the National Transportation Safety Board  said experts will try to determine three things. First, they'll seek to pin down the origin of the flaperon. Experts are in agreement that the debris came from a Boeing 777  and MH370 is the only such missing jetliner in the world. "If there is a reference number on the debris, a correlation can be made immediately," Troadec explained. If not, analysts will look to other factors to establish its origins. Troadec  who led the BEA during the investigation into the crash of Air France Flight 447  said experts also will be looking at the length of time the fragment has been in the ocean. In addition to establishing the fragment's origins, Troadec said investigators also will be studying the debris to figure out how it detached from its aircraft. The military aviation lab in Toulouse where it will be examined "possesses very sophisticated electronic microscopes that can help experts determine whether the piece broke off because of an explosion, a fire or on impact of something," Troadec explained. That process, he added, could take weeks.
No, Lazarus, you're being unrealistically tolerant of unnecessary footdragging. I don't want the information yesterday; I want the experts to be able to do their jobs at least as quickly as my mechanic does his. Stalling for many days helps nobody. Your paper trail does not take days. I'm not demanding a faster END of their investigation. I'm demanding a faster START. They haven't even started yet, and you claim the paper trail excuses that.
Benjamin - You've never worked for a large corporation before, have you. (Notice that was not a question.) My point about the "paper trail" was that there are factors involved, especially with international investigations like this one, that most people don't stop to think of. If you would stop to think and maybe do a little investigation of your own, you might find other reasons why it's taking so long to get this piece transferred to where it needs to be examined. One think I did NOT find was any article mentioning a great public out-cry of people complaining about the time-frame of the investigation.
Yes, I have. Several. In market research. Also for my state's dept of Parks and Wildlife. You allude to many reasons it would take so long, factors involved, but you can't cite any. Because you don't know of any, because you're just playing expert from watching TV. That was not a question either.
Benjamin - Oh, so my "paper trail" didn't count as a reason? I didn't fail to notice that YOU didn't provide any reason - just complaints. Is that all that kids know how to do these days - go on the Internet and complain? BTW, that WAS a question.
No, as it took them less than a day to solve the problem that you claim was delayed nearly a week by paper. Kid? How old am I? Since you bring up jobs - you're retired and not contributing to society, right?
France, known for being deliberate in air safety investigations... ...the French so far are proceeding cautiously with the news... have hesitated to provide any definite confirmation of the expert findings. As additional testing on the flaperon continues at DGA Techniques Aronautiques in southwest France, the French have found themselves in a leading role in the crash investigation. the recent discovery of the flaperon on French soil mandated that France conduct an investigation under rules of the International Civil Aviation Organization. Three magistrates  specializing in terrorism and aviation accidents  were designated to launch the current judicial inquiry into the wing part. ...the French probe will focus solely on the technical aspect of the crash, looking at the serial and part number of the flaperon to verify a match with the missing plane. ...Experts will also use the wing part to try to assess how the plane went down. ...the final results of the overall inquiry into the crash could be years away. France, historically, has hesitated to go public with air safety expert findings: More than six years after the crash of Air France Flight 447 from Rio de Janeiro to Paris, the criminal investigation is still under way. The French dont have a vested interest in falsifying the findings or unnecessarily delaying the results, as the plane is not manufactured in France, says (Francois) Godement (a specialist in Asia and international relations and a professor at Sciences Po university in Paris). Source: "Flight MH370 mystery: Will French probe clarify or frustrate?" Maybe you should spend more time doing you own research and less time complaining and chasing people around on the Comments sections, demanding people answer your questions. Just a thought...
Maybe people who involve themselves in arguments should have the guts to stick around and answer direct questions. LIKE I JUST DID. What, no more complaints about my age? And then sensitivity when I mock your age? Yes, France is deliberate. Yes, it requires experts. You still didn't answer the question, despite it taking so very very very very long for your paper trail: THEY FOUND IT LAST WEEK. WHY WAIT UNTIL WEDNESDAY OF THIS WEEK TO LOOK AT IT? THEY COULDN'T START ON MONDAY? Maybe you should spend less time being a hypocrite and attacking my character - after all, as you wrote, personal attacks are the last blah blah blah of etcetera etcetera.
Speaking of direct questions - "Since you bring up jobs - you're retired and not contributing to society, right?" I mean, I answered your question about my corporate work, right?
Some people just don't have the time to follow up on every one their own posts, much less chase other people around on different Comments sections demanding they answer questions asked elsewhere. You seem to be an exception. If you want answers, quit complaining and do your own research. When I see a question or comment that's worth my time to respond, I will. Until then, the immortal words of Foghorn Leghorn seem appropriate at this time: Go, I say go away boy, you bother me.
Yeah. You get into arguments and ask about my job history but don't have the guts to play your own game! Must be easier to quote cartoons than to answer my direct question, retired computer jockey who has no more expertise in air travel than any other commenter here.
Benjamin - I'm not here to play games with you. In most of my comments I express my own opinions on the subject matter. Sometimes I'll post something humorous but if you've looked at any of my more lengthy posts, I put serious efforts into the information I present. Quite often I'll get a little flippant with people who make stupid or inane comments. After scrolling through 10 or more posts from other people complaining about how long it was taking to release news about the flaperon investigation, I responding to your post as I did. Sorry if your immaturity makes you take things so seriously that you feel you have to chase me (and others, such as elsa) all over other Comments sections demanding satisfactory answers that only you seem to think are worthy of the effort (instead of being a waste of our time). Most of what you misinterpreted earlier as personal questions (whether you've ever worked for a large corporation, etc.) were rhetorical questions. I value my own personal privacy and expect others do also. Anyone can say anything they want here, protected by the anonymity of their Yahoo account, which they would probably never have to courage to say to a person face-to-face. Most of the personal information that people have "volunteered" is most likely made up or exaggerated. I care nothing about what you (or anyone else) think of me and am myself immune to any insults. Whether or not I'm retired and whether or not I have ever experience in international air travel is no business of yours. I know nothing about your biological age but, based on your comments I've seen here (and elsewhere), I think you have the emotional maturity of someone in their mid-to-late-teens, possibly early 20's but certainly not much more than that. So, if you don't like the heat (thumbs-down or replies to your comments), stay out of the kitchen (Comments section).
"Whether or not I'm retired and whether or not I have ever experience in international air travel is no business of yours." "You've never worked for a large corporation before, have you." Sad hypocrite can't follow his own rules or abide his own standards.
So, if you don't like the heat (thumbs-down or replies to your comments), stay out of the kitchen (Comments section). If you can't answer questions about your status as a retired crotchety old man who is done contributing to society, then don't ask questions about the employment of those of us who DO actually contribute. Get out of the kitchen, elderly retired crybaby.
Benjamin - You really don't have a clue as to rhetorical questions and sarcasm. You really need to come up with some better insults. The ones you're throwing are about as sharp as a bowling ball. Thats a joke, I say, thats a joke son! ;-)
Good advice from someone who talks about jokes when his hypocrisy is publicly copy/pasted. Go get a job or fade quietly away, crotchety old man. The kitchen is noplace for the rambling of decrepit old has-beens.
Benjamin - How old are you, thirteen? I haven't heard such immature insults since middle school. If you are expecting me to reply in a similar manner, I'll have to pass. I'm going to follow the advice of Winston Churchill: "Never engage in a battle of wits with an unarmed man." FWIW (and to stop your incessant whining), I've got a few more years to go before I retire at age 65. But try telling any of your grandparents that they stopped "contributing to society" just because they retired and see what they have to say. My guess is that they'll just laugh (as I did). ;-)
How old are you? How employed are you? How do you understand how to ask questions, considering you don't understand how to answer them? Yes, I fully expect you, the guy who cannot engage in discourse, to reply. You've done so very well with your responses thus far. My grandparents didn't retire. They also didn't waste their lives arguing on the internet, and fingerpointing at the people who argued with them. YOU are no less argumentative than I, jackhole. The big difference is that I can use my own words like a big boy, to ask and answer questions in a discursive manner, while you have only the words of Churchill and Foghorn Leghorn. Please keep right on crying and laughing, idiot manchild who chooses to engage in a monologue rather than a dialogue or a meaningful employment of his few remaining years.
Benny - If you knew how to read between the lines, you would have seen that I've answered just about every question you've asked. If not in this thread, then in others. I've left clues all over and even had to post follow-ups to "bump" my comments up to the top. It's really not my fault that you're so obtuse. (There's a "big boy" word for you to look up.) You can volunteer whatever information you choose to but nobody else is obliged to respond in kind. But since you refer to your grandparents in the past-tense I'll offer you my sincere condolences. Some people never retire because they love what they do. Some people may retire and end up going back to work (full-time or part-time) because they get bored and want to keep busy. Others may not retire because they just can't afford do. I can actually afford to retire early (i.e. before 65) but I'm waiting until I'm eligible for Medicare for the health insurance. Now, if you don't mind, I'm getting bored with you. You're about as challenging as shootin' fish in a barrel. Good day to you.
this story is driving me out of my mind. must be awful to one of the relatives
The part they found BB670 is a Boeing part number for a 777, and the BUSINESS class seats are blue. The most important find is the black box/flight recorder (actually orange), so now that they HAVE a vector, albeit a huge space between them, let's just hope it's not as evasive as a muon!
The Malaysian gov't needs to keep their mouths shut until absolute confirmation has been made by the authorities. Are these people really that stupid? And they're running a country?
Malaysia just keeps getting a bigger and bigger black eye over this sad tragedy, don't they?
Why all the confusion? Just follow the money.
Black ops are very late in getting anything out to be found; weak cover again.
Cover for what?!? You are seeing conspiracies that don't have any REASON to exist. .
Next you want to tell us that they were all kidnapped by time warping space aliens?
Corinne, silly people lock their minds around one possible wrong, like space aliens, and then extrapolate to all other possibilities also judged to be wrong. The buzzer sounds beeeep ... illogical illogical illogical......
As I recall, Malaysia was doing much the same thing in the immediate aftermath of the disappearance: issuing conflicting reports, refusing to share vital information, boldly making proclamations one day and just as boldly denying them the next. Has the government of Malaysia learned NOTHING yet?
The government hid the fact they couldn't track MH370 because they were concerned that the gaping surveillance hole put the country of Malaysia at risk. So they just lied to the public instead.
The Americans know exactly where the plane is. They just don't want anyone to know how good their surveillance satellites are in that area.
that too. the AWACs can track and identify far more targets than they care to admit
Just curious. Anybody else report losing a wing part?
Yes, I left my Boeing 777 parked outside last night and founding it sitting on blocks this morning, stripped down to its frame. But mine wasn't covered in barnacles, so I'm guessing this one was from the OTHER missing 777. ;-)
I lost the front spoiler off my car three years ago.
The world may not realise that Najib Razak is under _intense_ political pressure at this moment. Just last week, PM Najib sacked his deputy and 5 senior ministers over their criticism of his involvement in a huge scandal over Malaysia's state investment fund, 1MDB. The Wall Street Journal, among others, have provided documents showing US$700m (that's right) have been transferred into Najib Razak's personal bank accounts. Perhaps he can consider paying the search bill with those "personal donations".
Point: Najib has good (domestic) political reasons to jump the gun.
After careful and extensive investigation the experts have now come to the conclusion that this wing is the wing of a plane.
So they HAVE ruled out a helicopter.
Looks like the conspiracy idiots will have to modify their crazy ideas of what happened now. So much for "the plane did not crash into the ocean" Next the dolts will say it was put there to throw off the investigation.
Why is this #$%$ still in the news, no one cares anymore, stop reporting it.
Doesn't matter if it is plane part or not - all their friends and family and workers on that plane are long ago fish, shark, sea-life poop on bottom of sea even if re-ingested by scavengers - still all more poop in the ocean.
Things sure move slowly in this MH370 investigation.
Eventually if they find the black boxes they are going to find that terrorist were involved, crazy people who want to be martyrs. Who were those individuals with fake passports on board?
First things first...confirm it is from that plane. After the first paragraph, the article sounds as if it is a foregone conclusion that it is from the missing plane.
Pat - Just do an Internet search for MH370 wreckage. Most news articles will have one thing in common: Experts are in agreement that the debris came from a Boeing 777  and MH370 is the only such missing jetliner in the world.
Exactly, how many other 777's have crashed and are unaccounted for? Um, none
From the story..."where investigators will determine whether it's from the missing Boeing 777,..." Like I said. First things first.
If the flaperon is not part of MH370, then what other plane crash could it be from?
Why do planes have transponders that can be turned off?
The main reason is that on the ground, there are so many transponders gathered in one place that they become useless. It has become a habit for pilots to deactivate their transponders after touchdown. Further, any piece of electronics can fail at any time, a pilot should be able to turn that particular piece of equipment off for safety reasons. Occasionally, in flight, the transponder will have an issue that may be solved by simply turning it off and back on. I have done this hundreds of times. What we really need is a separate piece of locator equipment that works autonomously with GPS positioning that will report the position of an aircraft.
Leslie - It's probably not that easy to do, certainly not from the cockpit. Electrical failure was considered a likely reason as to why it stopped functioning.
IC capability on leased aircraft when they want to "go black"
Let me correct old pilot, and tell you what a transponder does and doesn't do and what they are used for. They are used to differentiate aircraft in the air. Because you turn it off you do not disappear from the radar screen. Here is how it goes. Your are given a clearance for take off, you take off, your passed from the departure control or tower to enrollee air traffic control, your given instructions climb and maintain flight level three two zero (32,000ft) squk 4300(transponder code) . This allows the ATC to know exactly who you are, if you turned it off they would still see you but in traffic its gets confusing. There is a special code you can squk to identify you have been hijacked.All the military planes in the media flying around with a transponder turned off cause unsafe conditions because they don't know who they are you'd don't want to mix them with civil aviation because of their speed and size and paint scheme other words not easily visible. So a transponder will not help you find a missing aircraft and if you turn it its still on radar util out of range.
Odessa, I just answered the question posed. No one needs a pretentious explanation of the clearance process. I certainly didn't suggest that an aircraft dissapears from radar with the Xponder off. Ask any ground controller working a busy airport if they want your Xponder on. Learn the difference between "your" and "you're", it will help your explanations to be more lucid. You sound like a newly-minted instrument student trying to paraphrase Rod Machado. Pay attention, read what people say and don't be condescending. ATP, MEI, CFII, INST 45 years, 20,000 hours+
@Old: I'm curious and pardon my ignorance but I'm surprised there hasn't been such equipment mandated that you spoke of in your first reply? (separate piece of locator equipment that works autonomously with GPS positioning that will report the position of an aircraft)
Old pilot I apologize for being condescending, you use --in my mind-- a condescending term--old pilot--congratulations on all your ratings, you lost me on INST you will have to explain that one to me. I got the airline transport rating, What is an mei ?Are you are trying to say muti engine rating or multi engine instructor or what? CFII. is certified flight instructor- instrument. With out being more condescending and only trying to explain to the readers what you are talking about--you have two licenses, private and commercial you have many ratings. ATP is air line transport rating. along with you have an instrument rating, single engine and multi engine and type ratings such 777. You have flight instructor certificates CFI-Certified fight instructor-CFII Certified fight instructor-Instrument which specify single or multi engine or both...and also BGI,AGI basic or Advanced ground instructor, I have left out quite few ratings for simplicity such as helicopter, seaplane .... I received my first pilots license in 1976 and was the youngest Certified flight instructor in Arkansa. One of my last US Government assignments was Director, ATC before retiring. That may be why I am condescending sometimes without intentionally doing it so I apologize again. When your retired you have a lot of time to write lengthy explanations.
Because then they can be chartered by the military to move troops and supplies.
Jose = Bull manure. But, he can fly paper airplanes.
Odessa, no #$%$ match here. I apologize for my condecension as well. I started at NAS Pensacola in 1969. I thought that I would just try to answer a question from a civilian. I guess I didn't answer it to your liking. Though, your answer didn't appear to address the original question, in my humble opinion. Retired more and more, I only do an occasional check ride, BFR and recurrent training for the American Bonanza Society now. I haven't had a primary student for 15 years. Stay safe and keep the shiny side up! All the best. Jose, to answer your question regarding the GPS locator idea. It is primarily a cost issue. No company wants to spend money for something like this. In the United States, we have sufficient radar coverage to track most aircraft, with or without transponders, within our borders. Internationally, there is even less inclination to invest in such technology. There is also the issue of whose satellites would be used in international airspace. The use could reveal capabilities, which are closely held by the USAF who owns most of our satellite operations. Because of the various challenges, it is unlikely that this will be initiated in the near term.
@Old Pilot-thanks for all you information and classy response. Love your name it stands for who you are, you say it like it is.
@Old: Thank you for the clarification...
You don't have to be a statistician with a calculator to realize how unbelievably remote the possibility of a large part of a plane washing up on small island that far from where it went down is. An island like this is infintessimally small in a vast ocean. A microscopic speck. You'd have as good a chance of winning a big lottery jackpot as that wing would have in washing up where they say it did. So therefor I STILL have reservations about this whole story, and I still believe that it is questionable that the Malaysian airliner shot down near the Russian/Ukrainian border was actually this plane, after being hijacked and used by someone to frame someone else. Far stranger things have happened in this world, for those of you so predictably about to attempt to put a tinfoil hat on my head.
Not worth a reply, thanks. Next?
People win the lottery quite often.
But what's the chance of YOU or ME winning the lottery? That's the point you didn't get, which kind of makes me smile. If 750,000 play, sure somebody wins! But I guess you weren't able to see that that's not the type of scenario we have here. There aren't 750,000 islands scattered around the regin in question. Go back to sleep.
Why do the families of these airline passengers feel so special? Stuff happens in life and sometimes we don't get answers. All the histrionics they showed after this happened was disgusting, crying, screaming and wailing in public, putting on a show. Seems to be they want money more than they wants answers. If someone can prove the airliner fall apart without being blown up, they can get beaucoup bucks.
They've never said anything about wanting money. Public displays of anguish like that may not be common to you where you live, but in some cultures its perfectly acceptable. Grow up and go outside your own front door.
The silliest conspiracy theory of all is the official theory. Supposedly: The pilot went to a huge amount of planning and preparation. Learned how to disable various communication systems that would not be common knowledge of pilots. Executed the plane seizure at the handoff point between Malaysian and Vietnamese controllers in order to maximize the delay until the hijacking was discivered. Reversed course. Traversed the Malay Peninsula at treetop, radar evading altitude. Skirted Thai, Malay and Indonesian military radars and quite a bit more. And the motive was nothing? He just felt like flying off into oblivion for no particular reason?
Sick and evil people tend to do some inexplicable things
30 + years as a pilot is not the same as some inbred goat molester running into a theater with a bomb. The co-pilot was on an ascending career trajectory too. If it was Jihad, Singapore and Hong Kong were within easy range for a kamikaze strike. There had to be a motive.
Sure, as if you would know every motive someone who would do this might have. Sorry, being a pilot does not make you a psychologist
Maybe you want to claim you're a psychologist too? After all, this is the internet
It doesn't make him many things. What it does make him though, is someone with an organized, disciplined mind. Someone who thinks through his actions and sets out to accomplish a mission. Me? I'm not a psychologist, though I did stay in a Holiday Inn Express once.
Well, if a German pilot would deliberately fly in to a mountain then this pilot doing something similar is not out of the realm of possibilities. You cannot apply logic and reason when dealing with nutcases.
and an egyptian pilot 10 or 15 years ago. it happens
Not the same. Neither the German nor the Egyptian tried to conceal their activity. If the Malaysian had simply intended suicide he could have plunged straight down. He didn't.
Well, Richard, what does you special CSI training tell you?
Tells me not to drink Kool-Aid, Ed...But you go right ahead.
Richard, You call it conspiracy that the pilot crashed on purpose because 2 other pilots didn't hide their intentions. We know that because of flight recorders from those planes. They have nothing like that for MH370, so you can't say it's not true or in fact the plane was hijacked by others. Could of been a struggle and fuel dumped causing them not to be able too crash into a building or city or land elsewhere to demand money for hostages. They don't even know the exact direction of it, 1.4 million square miles is massive and people ignore that they searched an area that large and nothing. They say we had an idea that's the area where it went down with no certainty honestly and say it like its a small area to cover. But to claim that's not what happened when their is zero evidence to say otherwise is conspiracy theory in your part.
As someone who knows more about psychology than a pilot, trained and organized in the discipline, the pilot is in serious denial because he just can't accept the fact that his partner in the cockpit may sneak up behind him and slit his throat and then take the aircraft and crash it. He knows nothing about psychopathology and chooses to remain ignorant because acknowledging the reality of a sick person in the cockpit with him is just too much for him to bear.
"Executed the plane seizure at the handoff point between Malaysian and Vietnamese controllers in order to maximize the delay until the hijacking was discivered. Reversed course. Traversed the Malay Peninsula at treetop, radar evading altitude. Skirted Thai, Malay and Indonesian military radars and quite a bit more." That's exactly what happened. And you think that just because you, a pilot and not a psychologist, don't know what his motive was that he didn't have one? Well, he must have had some motive because he was the one at the controls of the aircraft and pointed it in those directions FOR SOME REASON! They weren't random moves of an aircraft flying itself. If there was no one at the controls, the aircraft would have just flown straight and crashed like Payne Stewart's jet did , but this one did not. It's odd that this aircraft flew itself in a way that would make it avoid violating two other countries' airspace; gee what an intelligent aircraft.
Futt. If you are quoting me, please feel free to correct obvious typos like "discivered". For the record, I am neither a pilot, nor a psychologist, but thanks for the promotion! I'm a bit confused though. In your most recent post you seem to agree with most of my O.P.? I put a (?) after "the motive was nothing" to indicate incredulity. Malaysia's government is too eager to close this case. Like Egyptair 990 they would gladly ascribe the event to some mechanical issue. If they can't make that work they will have to try saying the pilot was nutty like the Germanwings pilot. Expensive, but it does wrap up the case. Of course it's fun to imagine scenarios involving alien bodysnatchers, CIA mind control beams, hypnosis and zombie apocalypses. But the homicide/suicide hypothesis does not explain the stealth, subterfuge and careful planning. Once the other pilot is dead either go straight into a dive, or target the nearest non-Muslim city, which would be Singapore, about ten minutes flying time distant.
Is someone actually still flying on this airline?
Malaysian Airline is a above average airline in safety and service.I have flown LAX - KUL sector many times.Unfortunately misfortunes never come alone.
It took this long for something so obvious?
The plane has crashed and all aboard are dead. Sad but true, i feel for their relatives. But at the same time the millions and millions of dollars being spent could be used to help people who are ALIVE. It is time to quit squandering money on this.
This is government at it's worst. They have been screwing around with that piece of wreckage for over two weeks now and nobody has even looked at it. Put it on a Fed Ex and send it to Seattle and in a day the guys at Boeing can tell you everything you want to know. But wait, this is government handling this so that will never do, lets kick the can, do some spin and in the mean time let the days click by. It's not just or government that's screwed up all governments are screwed up. This just proves the point.
What are the chances that they try and turn this flaperon into the "smoking gun" that caused the crash?
Unless the flaperon went uncommanded full up or down, it probably would not have destabilized the flight. If it just broke off in flight (unlikely), not much effect either.
Rick--Your lucky its the French you heard from, less than two weeks for this, in a couple days about the German airline crash--Your are still waiting on Australia and the Netherlands a year later about the crash in Ukraine. I think they should investigate all air crashes.
I found the pilot's head and I got it in a fishbowl of Bacardi 151 on my mantle.
You would think after all the missteps of the Malaysian government mouthpieces right after the disappearance that they would have learned to shut up and let experts make the announcements. The Malaysians still haven't overcome the need to control a situation that isn't theirs to control.
The Malaysians are just the messenger, and they are the messenger by international treaty that makes them the lead investigator in this investigation. It's very easy to shoot the messenger when you don't like the message. The families of the victims likme to do that because they are in such serious denial that they are never going to believe any amount of evidence that their relatives really are dead
But the message isn't there yet to give. The French labs are just beginning their analysis, yet the Malaysians are announcing the findings. There is nothing yet to be telling the world.
France wouldn't know logic if it bit them in the Eiffel Tower and Malaysia has no business being involved in complex endeavors like aviation when they can't even build an airport tarmac properly.
Unless more debris are found specially ones that link to the passengers, there is no reason to conclude that the plane went into the water. That flaperon may have been damaged and fell off from the plane. Malaysia PM's rush to conclusion is not warranted and should be ignored because it is not helping at all.
It's not a rush to conclusion. He is reporting what the international team told him. He is just the messenger, adn the message does not change if you attack the messenger
The team told him the part is from the missing plane? Show me.
"Today, 515 days since the plane disappeared, it is with a very heavy heart that I must tell you that an international team of experts has conclusively confirmed that the aircraft debris found on Reunion Island is indeed from MH370," Najib Razak told reporters.
Here's an idea, ban Muslims from being passengers or pilots, baggage handlers, or anything else that they have a tendency to use to kill people. We could market Muslim free zones.
Muslim babes are hot! Just saying.
There's disagreement about the origin of the airplane debris? Just. exactly, how many possibilities ARE there? I seriously doubt that the debris has been floating around since WWII.
Martians fabricated it and planted it on the island.
What I want to know is, how does a metal wing part with holes in it float thousands of miles across the Indian ocean without sinking?
Its only part of a wing. sea water could flow out from either end, that would make it float.
Depending on weight, materials used in construction, and how something is constructed, anything can "float" anywhere between the bottom of the ocean and the surface, making it difficult to see because even though it is "floating" it cannot be seen. Currents can also drag things along the bottom of the ocean.
steve- seems to me that if something has holes in it, the water would flow in, and it would sink. you seem to have it backwards.
Archimedes' principle, principle that states that a body immersed in a fluid is buoyed up by a force equal to the weight of the displaced fluid. The principle applies to both floating and submerged bodies and to all fluids, i.e., liquids and gases.
The flaps ( and wing parts) are not continuously open they are made of sealed areas which would provide the necessary buoyancy.
The majority of wing components are extremely lightweight sealed honeycomb designs to keep moisture out to prevent hidden corrosion.
Reunion Island is just a short flightb from Diego Garcia. The debris may be a plant. I didn't think the currents in the Southern Indian Ocean flowed from east to west.
Yes, the folks at Diego Garcia planted evidence close to Diego Garcia so people won't think it's at Diego Garcia. moron
The government misled the search for over a year; so the debris would sink 3000 miles away after it was shot down.
We have seen planes lose engines and other parts while flying because of fires and accident, so my question, is it possible for the plane to lose the flaperon without going into the water?
If that had happened over the last 17 months, someone would have noticed it because airliners are subjected to frequent visual inspections.
May be this part was drifted from the North of Indian Ocean. The theory that this plane was flying to the South of Indian Ocean has absolutely no sense.
I know what caused the plane to go down - gravity.
I could have flown to france and identified the piece myself by now. It isn't that effing hard
So, what we have is everyone getting excited over this broken wing piece that unless has a specific serial number can not be tied to the at particular plane in any way.
Just in case anyone out there reads this, my educated hunch about MH 370 that went missing in March 2014: Pilot did not like China's suppression of Muslims in Xinjiang, knew most of the passengers were Chinese (passenger manifest, or simply watching them file on board) and decided to commit a personal act of jihad in retaliation for China's actions in suppressing and even executing Muslim extremists. I've seen absolutely NO mention of this possibility in the media. Have any investigators asked around at the captain's mosque to see if he ever voiced any views on this subject? Malaysia, and China, I would think, would have EVERY reason to suppress this explanation. Malaysia would be scandalized if one its own best pilots had intentionally brought down an international flight (much less cringe at the repercussions to Chinese relations). China would not want its own citizens to know that Muslims had exacted such a heavy price in retaliation for its actions in Xinjiang. Anyway, I know Malaysia. I've thought this since the flight went missing, and I can't shake it. The timeline is also consistent: remember the attack on the train station took place shortly before MH 370 disappeared. The more I research the timelines, the more consistent my hypothesis seems with the timeline. Remember that EgyptAir pilot who brought down the transatlantic passenger airliner, arguably for much less reason (his was personal, because he was facing loss of his job). Egypt never would accept that one of their own had committed such an atrocity. That's the mindset of many third world countries, sadly. So, there is precedent for Muslim pilots taking out a vast number of their fellow humans.
Interesting theory. It certainly would explain a lot of what happened.
Ken, you are really a silly one, aren't you?
Malaysian is a Mickey Mouse airline. So sad that all these innocent people had to pay with their lives.
I've read in the past that these flaperons from Boeing 777's are everywhere in the oceans around the world. These things regularly fall off airplanes and have littered the oceans mainlands for years. You couldn't walk a mile on any coastline without coming across one of these either. These fall off planes so often, airlines don't even keep track, they just replace them without any concern at all.
Funny, I live by two oceans, frequently walk on the beaches and have never seen an airliner part washed up.
If that's sarcasm it's in really poor taste...
This plane was later used for the false flag operation in Ukraine, make no mistake about it!
Really? Do you really believe that? A "false flag operation in the Ukraine" to accomplish what? I'll bet the relatives of those who died in that Ukraine false flag operation sure would like to know to what end the false flag operation was run. The biggest mistake one could make is not laughing at your paranoia.
Al wake up it statistically impossible for the same model jet and airline to crash within months of each other, it IS THE SAME PLANE. What you believe is less probable than one in a trillion, you must be bad at math. Plus since when do jetliners fly over conflicts zones? Are they flying over Syria right, no way. Then why over Ukraine??
"Expert" has been a totally overused and abused word when it comes to MH370, the media itself is guilty of hyping the search and speculations by referring to people who are obviously guessing but shamelessly called experts. I don't believe the French and Malaysians have any expertise in the matter of establishing the component as part of the missing plane and they better not jump the gun by making an erroneous declaration.
Another excellent cover-up by the US government. Throw some plane parts in the sea that can just magically wash up on a tiny, needle-in-the-haystack island and everybody believes it's flight 370. Problem is the jet was landed in Pakistan or Iran and is (probably) being fitted for explosives to fly to Israel. The Malaysian government, Muslims, mind you, orchestrated this whole thing and the US government is trying to divert attention since it dropped the ball.
Don't you know to take your meds before you do anything?
It takes a while when your experts in SC have never left the state, nevermind the country.
Tiniest possibility the flaperon is not from MH 370: CNN reported the flaperons are manufactured in Bangalore, India. Infinitessimally possible that a flaperon could have been discarded or otherwise ended up on Reunion from the Bangalore plant. Also, I suppose it's remotely conceivable (mostly to conspiracy theorists) that the flaperon could have been from the actual plane but "planted" in Reunion or nearby. I think the odds of either possibility are of course extremely remote.
Ken - That's why investigators also will be looking at the length of time the fragment has been in the ocean. Flight MH370 vanished without a trace on March 8, 2014  and the debris discovered on Reunion was covered in barnacles. "The seashells or barnacles will play an important role in determining how long this piece of plane has been submerged underwater," Troadec said. "Seashells grow at a certain rhythm and depending on their size can tell investigators if they have been breeding 12 months or 2 years." The investigators in France would also be on the lookout for other organisms such as tube worms, coralline red algae or shellfish that could also provide clues, according to The Associated Press. If confirmed to be from MH370, that would put to rest conspiracy theories that the plane had been hijacked or landed on a deserted island. Source: NBC News article ""MH370 Search: 3 Questions Experts Want to Answer About Reunion Plane Debris"
Why would anyone have the French do anything that required integrity, fair play, or competency. They have proven for decades that they are incapable of resolving anything. The material should have been flown to Seattle immediately. Here is an idea....next time there is a train wreck in India, let's send the whole mess to Paris for evaluation.
Where does this anti French sentiment come from? I know, nobody likes the French, but I admire their independence. They will never suck up to the US like the English or the Germans.
The part washed ashore in French territory. India is NOT a French territory. DUH.
It takes a while when you sub out all the parts to low bid subcontractors.
I'll bet the real issue isn't whether or not it is from Flight 370. I'll bet the real issue is whether or not it became separated from the plane as a result of a crash or if it was removed somewhere else and then tossed into the ocean as a red herring knowing it would eventually wash up somewhere.
And what would be the purpose of someone tossing this in the sea? To make them search in the sea instead of where they were searching? Oops, wait a minute, they already were searching in the sea.
Why couldn't a representative from Boeing and any other entity that wants to observe, fly to Reunion Island to check it out. I couldn't understand why we had to wait for this piece of debris to be transported to France, of all places. Boeing is the expert here.
Reunion Island is a French Territory. Their government oversees aviation accidents in that area. Not to say they didn't invite a Boeing engineer to participate in the investigation....
France rules that island, they had jurisdiction.
From what I read previously, Boeing representatives were supposed to be in France yesterday to aid in the identification. I'm assuming they were involved in the process.
It was just a little difficult to disassemble the lab in France where it would be tested and fly it to Reunion Island and set it back up. So they flew the part to the lab instead. Make sense?
Putin got it redirected to Crimea.
The portion of wing found , is NOT the Malaysia flight. FRUSTRATING ISN'T IT ! Boohoo !
Why would we trust what any one says about that plane . I still think aliens took it and just dropped this piece by accident. All aboard were eaten.
Because they have more evidence than you? You only have an imagination.
All we hear every day is how the media is slewing all the stories. Why would they change their pattern of news distortion over this story. Or are we wrong about the media being corrupt and controlled by others.
People died, you know. Some respect.
Jbearclan I bet you would be good at writing science fiction.
This Flaperon was planted so that they could call off the search--big bucks saved by sending a litle part adrift. Totally untrustworthy group that have done nothing but lie about this investigation.
That's ridiculous because they are not going to call off the search. In fact, all searches had been mostly called off before this part was found; this flap didn't need to be planted for the searches to be called off because most of them already were and the others were on their way to being called off. Finding this flap will just make them renew their search because now that they have evidence it's there, and with a better idea of where it may be, they are going to search even more now than before this flap was found. Looks like you didn't think that through before shooting your mouth off
Did Russian Martians drop that one piece on Reunion beach so as to make us all mistakenly think the plane crashed, as opposed to being snatched from the skies by these monsters and the travelers eaten??
These so called "experts" sure do like to drag everything out and milk the last drop out of everything that falls their way. Reminds one of bureaucrats.
If Obama can make a birth certificate he can make a 777 wing. Just toss it out and go find it in a couple of weeks. Divert the blame from Boeing, case closed. Yea.... America wins and we have our first fraud President in the oval office. Go ahead and get that glass ceiling tool ready for Madame Hilary.
You got some Fox in your hair,good protein,though !
A piece of thinks the same, is this for real? I am guessing as long as the rest of the plane is not found, we can claim that they are lying. Maybe it is a way to stop paying money to stop investigating?
wow you would really have to make a huge effort to find a bigger fvckn moron the Michael! yep Michael ignorance at your level borders on the subhuman
Swami, You can make your own birth certificate just like Obama did. But, why would he do that? Why would you do that? You have to be hiding something. Either he was not born here. He is a half breed... and you can call that as you see it, or he was hiding that Muslim middle name. But, why didn't the media report that middle name? Why did Hawaii cover up the birth certificate? Why did he take so long to produce it. What kind of a idiot doesn't know that you must have a birth certificate to be President of the United states. Any respectable man would have produced his birth certificate on day one. President Obama is a FRAUD
Michael.You mentioning "half breed" is enough to make me barf in your racist face.
The part could have fallen off another 777 in theory, but media hasn't said it.
No other 777 went down, or has a part missing. Didn't you understand that from the article????????
What is it about DEAD that these families do not understand?
Only part that seems a mystery to me is the turning off of the transponder. Otherwise, the lithium batteries caught fire. The smoke killed everyone. The plane ran out of gas. The plane crashed.
The 777 does not use lithium batteries.
Well, it should also be a mystery to you why this plane navigated around two countries' airspace to avoid being detected for at least two hours before it was headed south towards the open ocean because I don't think dead people can do that, and I'm pretty sure an aircraft wouldn't do that on its own.
Mickey Mouse - the 777 doesn't use lithium batteries.
DUH. They were part of the freight.
The lithium batteries that were carried were kept (as required by law) in a non-pressurized cargo hold, Mucky. That's so they CAN'T catch fire at cruise altitude, and at lower altitudes the smoke can't enter the passenger compartment. That FACT had been established long ago. DUH!
PB53044 and Scootgaloot it was widely talked about on the news that they had 440 lbs of lithium batteries on board. Lithium batteries can catch fire if not stored correctly.
Awww the name calling yahoo commenters are accounted for. Bob a little internet search would prove that you are not correct and that the FAA is considering a ban of transporting Lithium batteries and few airlines already have banned it. If they were completely safe why the concern?
I think someone lived long enough to attempt a landing is all and then the plane few on autopilot when they passed out and died. It is not a wacko theory. International Business Times is one of multiple websites that state that is the probable explanation of what happened.
BTW name calling is so grade school. You have a valid concern post it and we will talk. Name calling however shows your intelligence level. Just saying.
Well, the plane didn't just fly on by itself like Payne Stewart's plane. It actually navigated around the airspace of two different countries to avoid detection and then was pointed south to the open ocean. It also was taken at the best point in it's intended route where an aircraft could be taken and cause confusion with ATC so it could slip away unnoticed; this was no coincidence. It then navigated for about 2 hours with someone at the controls until it was lost to radar going south, west of Sumatra. At no time did it try to set down anywhere during those two hours. Moreover, if you're a pilot in trouble, you don't attempt to avoid violating another country's airspace, you intentionally violate it because that's going to cause jets to be sent up to investigate, which is something you want to happen if you're in trouble.
ALL actors - Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing to be found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ Biden is played by Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page, Obama by an ethnic indonesian with neither black nor white blood. Forged birth certificate to conceal he's Kenyan is only one among an endless array of "crimes" that Obamessiah of the Obamanation of Desolation will "confess". Obama Biden alias Osama Bi(nla)den presidency comes to an end with the BIG BANG.  big-bang-now.blogspot -- /2014/03/
Until the fuselage is found, I wouldn't confirm anything... for all we know, the flaperon could have been toss into the ocean to throw everybody off... let them continue the investigation and search before coming to any conclusion...
Thrown in the sea to throw everybody off? You mean to make them search in the sea because that's where they weren't searching? ARE YOU SOME KIND OF MORON?
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: originally scripted for Easter Sunday 2014, illuminati forced to postpone it because of brave people of Slovyansk starting an armed revolt at Donetsk: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a Being 777 result #1 when you add Osama Bin Laden and "Last Prophet" and let google solve the sum: end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
"French and Malaysian experts" Well that's nice, but are they aviation experts? Perhaps they should have sent the part to the experts at Boeing???
Boeing went to France to conduct their analysis and are involved in it
That's good to hear - thank you, but I still think the journalism here sucks!
How many so called experts do you need too look at a serial number? Sounds like the old light bulb joke........
I think for the relatives of the victims who don't want to believe their loved ones are dead, there can never be enough
"but I still think the journalism here sucks!" (...) This is YahooNews, what did you expect ? Where you hoping to get the quality here of the Neue Zricher Zeitung ?
A good reason for the multi-nation investigation to be 100% certain before they confirm is to diminish - but never shut up - the hoards of conspiracy and don't trust government types that will stampede over the findings [whatever they may be].
Everything is a conspiracy. The moon landing was a fake, JFK actually shot himself and Iraq had WMDs but were so smart they shipped them all to Syria before they got clobbered by the US in Gulf War II. Oh and Obama is a secret Muslim out to destroy the US. They're all true because nuts posted them on the internet.
richard is clearly a mercenary clone planted by the illustrious Alex Jones
Why is it that the people who are supposedly the "voices of reason" always use the most insanely illogical arguments and rudimentary fallacies to suppress the conspiracy theorists? Sure does make you think twice about who has it right...
Perhaps DB because most of the conspiracy theorists see conspiracies in everything including the rising and setting of the sun.
I see... so it isn't that you don't believe there are some legit conspiracies, you are just opposing the fact that some people think everything is a conspiracy... if I am following your argument.
Obviously DB there are actual conspiracies that take place. Just visit Wall Street to see clear examples of collusion. But accidents and unrelated events also take place. I find it remarkable you cannot figure that out.
DB Cooper you hit your head jumping out of the 727 that night over Washington, right??
Sorry, but what statement did I make that gives you any reason to believe I can't figure that out? I didn't even make a single statement about what I believe. I was merely asking about what you believe! Are you saying you find it remarkable that I cannot figure out what you think? Did you misread my post? Clarify the confusion on your end for me...
And that returns us to my original question... those who rail against the "conspiracy theorists" (whom they define as anyone who claims anything is a conspiracy, not as only those who claim everything is a conspiracy) never seem to be capable of correct thinking and correct arguments... no foundation in epistemology and critical thought... no fundamental understanding of logic! Can't even pass a basic test of reading comprehension... So who labeled these people as the voice of reason?
DB, you evidently support the views put forward by conspiracy theorists - that is the point. So according to you anything a nut puts up on the internet regarding there being a massive conspiracy is always to be believed. Oh, and Big Foot is real and is out to rape our women. And if anyone is liking reasoning or reasonable responses it is yourself.
Richard, you are just proving my original point. I asked why all of the people who try to dismiss any conspiracy theories are always the least reasonable and use the most illogical arguments for support. Look at all of the failed logical arguments you used in just 1 post: "you evidently support the views put forward by conspiracy theorists - that is the point" (non-sequeter... doesn't follow from anything that has been said, and is otherwise irrelevant) "according to you anything a nut puts up on the internet regarding there being a massive conspiracy is always to be believed" (ad hominem... all conspiracy theorists are nuts) "Oh, and Big Foot is real and is out to rape our women" (straw man fallacy and/or slippery slope... no conspiracy theorist has ever said this, and I imagine a very small percentage of people who believe in some conspiracies actually believe in something like Big Foot) "And if anyone is liking reasoning or reasonable responses it is yourself" (I assume you mean "lacking," but this is simply begging the question, among others... not a single thing I have said can be defined as unreasonable or illogical... not one! But you can't say a single sentence without stepping in one fallacy or another) On top of all of that... you failed to answer my previous question, after your assumption that I didn't understand that there are different types of conspiracies... an accusation that was based on nothing whatsoever! So, of course... we still have never left my original question: why can't people who want to discredit conspiracy theorists ever make arguments that aren't rooted in fallacies? This fact alone gives MORE SUPPORT to conspiracy theorists, simply by virtue of the fact that the people who disagree with them have no capacity for critical thought!
Why cannot the conspiracy theorists come up with anything other than bogus arguments. Get a life. Make your last idiotic comment as i have other things to do than waste time on you.
Why can't you come up with ANY arguments??? I understand that not all people who question conspiracies are lacking in critical thinking to the extent that you are... but it sure does seem like the common approach to dismissing conspiracy theories isn't all that different from your basic line of "thinking." I guess I will just have to be content with not getting an answer to my question today...
The Muslim loving French questioned the Malaysian's evidence? Doubtful, except maybe for a few frogs who wised up, not the majority of them.
Unarmed black people are getting shot by white racist cops. That's more important focus on that.
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 never crashed.
MOVE ON EVERYONE. Families have made peace with it ( as much as one can when a loved one dies) and no one cares any more.
So basically we know nothing more today than we knew a year ago.
Well, we know that you are a troll.
"The very strong conjectures are to be confirmed by complementary analysis that will begin tomorrow morning," Mackowiak said. "The experts are conducting their work as fast as they can in order to give complete and reliable information as quickly as possible." ... In other words, there is, as of yet, no confirmation, only conjecture. Never believe anything that the government of Malaysia announces as fact until the real experts have weighed in.
No, that's not what it means. What it means is that they are not going to give complete information until EVERY POSSIBLE TEST is done. It doesn't mean they don't believe this flap does not come from MH370.
CORRECTION: It doesn't mean they don't believe this flap COMES from MH370.
Correction: It means that they have not yet confirmed anything, but will wait until the science at their disposal does. Got that now??? If not, look at yourself in the mirror and repeat your screen name several times until you do.
That's false moron. AFP French prosecutor says 'very high probability' wreckage from MH370 Paris (AFP) - There is a "very high probability" that wreckage found on the Indian Ocean island of La Reunion comes from the doomed Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, a French prosecutor said Wednesday. Now, you look in teh mirror and repeat my name, fugface
Sorry, but that's true FUTjack. The French prosecutor is not one of the scientists. When the real scientists finish their investigation, then we may know for sure.
Yeah, that proves you don't know squat about science. As I already tried to explain to you, moron, a scientist is not going to say he's 100% certain until he runs 100% of the available tests.
Out of five respondents, zero believe that FUT knows anything about science. There is a reason why real scientists do not commit themselves until ALL of the facts are known, and I think that the consensus here pretty well sums up who the real moron is - FUT. Now FUTTHESHUCKUP!
Doesn't seem to be much of a priority to start the investigation.
BULLETIN: An entire wing from the plane just washed up on Reunion Island, and all passengers were found safe on top of it! The word is they just wanted to go wing-surfing for a year or so. What a joke this whole story is. The world is too full of real crises to waste time and effort on this nonsense.
So it floated 2500 miles? Is that possible?
Sure. It can float on the surface or anywhere between the surface and the bottom of the ocean. Currents can also drag it along the bottom
Oh, you were actually being serious when you asked this question...
Ever read about Fukushima Japan and the refuse that ended up in Oregon USA?
LanXevo-- yes I was I was hoping someone with knowledge of currents had comments.
waterdog49 --No I had not seen that.
@OF: According to an article by Voice of America, a 66 foot dock from the Fukushima tsunami in 2011 reached Agate Beach in Newport OR. on 7/31/12. They also reported that 26 boats from Fukushima were found along the entire Pacific coast from California to Alaska. Article said that 70% of refuse immediately sank to floor but remainder had enough buoyancy to remain on the surface. The same percentage may apply to the Malaysia 370 situation. Hope this helps.
Conspiracy theory: The flapperon of the MH17, shot over Ukraine, somehow found its way to the Indian Ocean, in order to disguise the hijacked MH370. Could this be the reason the experts are trying to look at all possible angles?
why in the heck France is investigating this ? sure, the debris were found on their place but France had nothing to do with this . Seriously, Australia would be better party here or Boeing the plane maker.
The island belongs to France and they certainly have a lot more qualified investigators than Malaysia or China.
Actually Corsair, I can Guarentee there are Boeing reps involved. The Plane makers are the best for evaluating many things.
Let's see,a part of a crashed plane washes up on the shores of Hawaii and the US just hands the part over to Malaysia? Really?
I think the pilot flew at a lethal Altitude and killed off the passengers, then eased it down In the drink and opened intake Valves to allow water in so The ensuing pressure would Not crack the plane open. Thus The minimal debris field.
Would not that "lethal pressure" also apply to the crew, pilot included? Just asking!
The pilot has a supply of oxygen. The pilot or copilot must have Taken out the other or possibly Colluded on this terror plot.
Opened the doors maybe, I am not aware of any intake valves.
He would not want any debris Out to sea.
Funny that i have tried to watch That movie again and cannot Find it for free. I just watched The new mad max but cant Find odessa file. One of my Favorites. I did find boys from Brazil.
Weird that 40 year old movies Are not easier to watch.
@Eugene that is what I have been saying since day one.
The MSM is lying, as usual. Everything in this story is false. On the other hand, every theory offered by every reader here is 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 percent true.
Some people won't catch the sarcasm. ;-)
I thought that in planes even The bolts and nuts have serial Numbers.
Eugene - Not every piece is going to have its own serial number. Boeing 777 maintenance manual shows the flaperon number 657BB which is a match with the photos of the debris. The flaperon number 657BB was further confirmation for investigators.
So in other words, when a bolt Fails there is no way to trace Its origin?
I'm sure Boeing keeps track of where they buy their nuts and bolts from. They have a vested interest in holding their suppliers responsible for any component failures.
Yes and im sure that they have Purchased defective parts from Suppliers who got them from Disreputable foreign sources.
You're telling me all these spy satellites in the sky didnt see that plane when they can read a cigarette label from up there? Give me a break. What about the Google satellites? Something fishy about all that if you ask me. Personally, I think the satellite operators don't t really want you to know what they CAN see.
I now pronounce you medically paranoid.
You mean irrationally afraid of doctors?
Passport found unsigned and undamaged showing hijacker's photo and identity!
I can't believe it's taken this long to even get to this point?? Put down the crepes and examine that thing already!
Yes, they have had the thing for a day already! Why don't they know why the plane crashed yet! Are they sleeping?!?
I just want to know if it's even from the correct type of plane.... anything!!
Mike - They've already confirmed that it's from a Boeing 777 and there's only one of those that is missing.
Lazarus... Can you show me a link or anything to any article that states they have previously "confirmed" it's from a 777??
They haven't confirmed it yet but experts say it is pretty obviously the flaperon from a 777. I guess they will have to get a serial number or take detailed measurements to officially confirm it. They know if it is though by now and I don't think they would hold off announcing that it isn't from the plane if it wasn't.
"They know if it is though by now and I don't think they would hold off announcing that it isn't from the plane if it wasn't." exactly!! What's the hold-up? is really all I'm asking.
Mike - How about this one: "Investigators: Photos show plane debris is from Boeing 777" Investigators were able to determine that the debris that washed ashore on the French island of La Reunion was from a Boeing 777 solely based on photographs... Boeing 777 maintenance manual shows the flaperon number 657BB which is a match with the photos of the debris. The flaperon number 657BB was further confirmation for investigators. Rosenker, a former chairman of the NTSB, told CBS News that investigators would now be pouring over the recovered part, looking for clues. "Was this metal torn? Was it crumpled? Had it been ripped in some shape or form? Is it pop marked? Does it have any type of char on it which would indicate a fire? All of that is going to be very important," Rosenker said. 293 passengers and crew were aboard the flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, and victims' families have endured false leads before.
excellent Lazarus!!! Now that looks like confirmation! First I've seen. Thanks! So where is this text from?
Now wouldn't you think that they would mention that fact in this new article?
Mike - It was from a CBS News article. I just Googled "investigators confirm flaperon is from 777"
I can't find that exact one yet... but most still say things like this... "Despite this confidence, no one is saying the part definitely comes from a 777, much less MH370." If someone had confirmed it, you'd think they'd plaster it all over the media immediately.
Lazarus, I don't think that is the official word from the investigators. Many experts have looked at the pictures and have determined that it is from a 777. It just hasn't been "officially" announced. Accident investigations always seem to do this. They don't want to make an official announcement until everything has been confirmed. I suspect that they are waiting to unambiguously prove that it came from the Malaysian airplane. (I suppose that it is possible that someone dropped a 777 flaperon on the beach in order to troll the world or something.)
Mike - If you want to find that particular article, just copy and paste the entire article name into your search engine (Google, Yahoo, whatever), including the quotation marks on both sides: "Investigators: Photos show plane debris is from Boeing 777"
David The Elder - That's true. Technically they'll have to wait until they've found something, like a service number, that can be absolutely positively tied to the missing plane before it will be "official".
The leader of Malaysia announced that it came from the missing plane. I don't know if that is "official" or not. Malaysia has announced other things that turned out to be made-up.
and the French are still not sure..... :(
ALL actors - Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing to be found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ Biden is played by Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page, Obama by an ethnic indonesian with neither black nor white blood. Forged birth certificate to conceal he's Kenyan is only one among an endless array of "crimes" that Obamessiah of the Obamanation of Desolation will "confess". Obama Biden alias Osama Bi(nla)den presidency comes to an end with the BIG BANG. big-bang-now.blogspot -- /2014/03/
Jesus talk about a cover up crew, it does not take this long To find serial numbers, or to Even to test the metalurgy of This piece of wing.
The airline is more liabel if they Hired a psycho pilot who did This on purpose....i smell a Cover up.
Eugene - Paranoid much? Did they try to "cover up" Germanwings Flight 9525?
These malaysians are very Sensative over this being a Crazy muslim terrorist pilot. They will try to cover up.
Eugene - If it were a terrorist organization responsible for this, they would have certainly released a statement to say WHY they did this. If it were a case of pilot using the plane to commit suicide (like Germanwings Flight 9525), he wouldn't have needed to deviate from the flight plan. The way I look at it, something happened which caused the pilot to divert from the flight plan. Initial radar contacts seemed to indicate they were trying to divert to the nearest airport capable of landing a 777. The pilots may have been overcome by smoke (if a cabin fire) or loss of oxygen (if loss of pressurization) and the plane just continued flying until running out of fuel. Back when this happened, I recall reading that this would have been possible even without the plane's auto-pilot being engaged.
Part of the terror was to have This plane disappear off the face Of the earth.
Are there any morons left out there who still think this flaperon is not from MH370?
That part has to be from MH370. I do think that the families have a right to know, and go to Reunion Island to hold a memorial service....if this brings them comfort, so be it...!!
agree, Either hold a service on the Island or in the middle of the search area since the final resting place is the bottom of the Indian Ocean. Have all persons there to say their good byes.
It's a 777 part! How many 777's have been lost in that ocean? Case closed (m)orons.
So how many 777's have crashed down in that area that makes them not sure?
0. In fact that's the same number of 777's that have crashed in any ocean
Are you saying 0 besides flight 370 or 0 over all. If you mean 0 aver all pleas amuse me with your theory.
Yeah, that's what I mean, 0 besides MH370. Sorry.
They know for sure the part is from a Boeing 777. How many 777s are missing? DUH!
The media loves showing the anguish porn. Shame on you
Notice how they zoom in for tight head shots of anyone in anguish.
Who cares? the plane was flown into the ocean by a muslim.
The Malaysian PM spoke too hastily...adding insult to injury...I feel so bad for the families....
I don't agree. The French are being too "scientific." By that I mean they won't commit to this 100% until 100% of the tests are done. Because they won't commit 100%, does that mean they are not certain this part comes from MH370? Absolutely not. I am certain that the sun will rise tomorrow, but I'm not 100% certain because something could happen to cause it not to.
The problem with the relatives of the victims is that they are just going to find any reason whatsoever to reject the conclusion that their loved ones are sitting at the bottom of the ocean strapped to an airline chair. I'm not saying that's wrong, and can't pass judgement on that because I have never been in that position. But for the rest of us, this is a no-brainer. The flap has a number on it - 657-BB. The 777 maintenance manual identifies this part number, both in text and in diagram, as a 777 flaperon. The only missing flaperons were last known to be attached to MH370. Eergo, this flaperon is from MH370, and the rest of the aircraft is in the ocean. I understand that this is a very logical analysis that is overridden by emotion when someone's life may be changed by accepting it
@Futtheshuckup: your comment is just saying what I was saying...not being 100% sure...scientific is not the proper word...cautious is the right word...insensitivity to how the relatives feel is just very cruel...As what you said can't pass judgment...the Malaysian PM spoke too soon...if one is not sure of what youre about to say...just keep the lip zipped...
How many 777 "flaperons" can there possibly be floating in the ocean? Does Boeing just toss them in periodically?
Then what missing jet are the parts from?
Only one 777 is missing, it has to be it. The families don't want answers they want their loved ones back. I'm not sure if finding the missing plane is good or bad.
Yes, these families are not going to accept what anyone says until every atom of that flaperon has been scrutinized and determined to be part of MH370.
Um,,, are there other planes still flying around without their wing part? Where else could it come from? Seriously..........
Yahoo, CNN, NEWSFLASH-Plane crashed 500 days ago, People are dead. Move on. End of story.
wow you found a few fragments that washed up on shore...and what? you gonna start yet another billion dollar search..it's the freaking ocean..the plane is gone...people need to get over it and move on with their lives..their luved ones are dead
I'm pretty sure that most non Muslim pilots would have reported if their 777 was missing a wing part
And Muslim pilots would ignore it? What's your point,Islamophobe Allen ?
Google has, once again, revoked YouTube access!!!
Nice to see that all the ultra conservative conspiracy theories have been shot to hell. Like they always are....
The conspiracy theories have nothing to do with conservatism, Atomcrush.
Every single conspiracy theory I heard regarding this plane came from the mouths of conservatives. Every single one.
whats all this debate?? theres not a single 777 that crashed anywhere in the world?? its been identified as a wing flap from a 777, its in the region, so why the debate?? french experts??
Wouldn't you be sure, until you made an official statement? Why it takes so long, no, I do not know either, but why is this corrupt Malaysian PM #$%$ keep interjecting? BTW, there was one other 777 wreck...but it was on solid dry land, far away.
All 777 significant events can be found here: airsafe Boeing 777 plane crashes There are only 6, and 2 are MH370 and MH17. One is a pilot having a heart attack over the Atlantic with the co taking over, and three happened on the runway
shot down and suicide act...you could call them crashes, I dont
Actually, I called them "significant events." It is the website that called them crashes. I addressed them because they are included in the website that addresses 777 events Shot down by Russian thugs and suicide/homicide pilot
shot down and suicide act...you could call them crashes, I dont -- Well, 370 is still cause unknown. Many or most of us had a strong hunch from a few days in that it was down to the kind of thing you say, but it is still far from certain. And, if betting, I still think wreck is a longshot to be found, and even if it is, that the cause is going to be tough to prove. Your point is obviously that planes going down due to malfeasance are not crashes, that crashes are pure accidents only? Well, I dunno...they used to write stuff like 'the Japanese Kamikaze crashed into the American destroyers bridge..." I guess on your terms, it didn't...
at least now we know tha plane landed, the families should be glad to have that news
Well...Jesus said, "Let the dead, bury the dead". End of story. Can't bring anyone back from the ocean. They're gone...and became fish food in the ocean. Very, very sad...but must face facts and reality, and to to move on.
Ummmmm, they're still dead. Accept the truth and move on.
"that may be from MH370" Perhaps it is from the 777 that crashed last week?
WHY is it so difficult for the "experts" to say, "YES, it's from MH370"? There are X-number of 777's in the world, and ALL except MH370 is accounted for.... WHAT ELSE could it be?
Something just doesn't seem right. What are they not telling?
@Coffeelover...what's wrong is getting the French legal system involved. The investigation, at this stage, should be left to the experienced and well qualified aviation investigators. The French prosecutor is a political creature and is posturing to bring civil or even criminal suit against someone or something. Such public posturing does nothing except confuse the public. Leave it to the professional aviation investigators.
.......and now the old Diego Garcia theory gets revived.
This is whats wrong with our country today, too many experts that don't know what the hell they are talking about. Experts my #$%$.
Sometimes you'll just never know. You do not have a RIGHT to anything. It's time to move on. Everyone on that plane, whether it landed somewhere or crashed into the ocean, is dead.
Mixed message? The plane exists as debris, your relatives are all dead from hitting the ocean or drowning. You aren't likely to see any remains. Say a prayer, hold a wake, and move on with your life. Its not rocket science.
Forensics and Scripts or someplace? determine where the barnacles attached to the wing are likely to have come from? species, likelihood of location? - then? try sending some buoys out to follow the current? see if they end up at the same place? Backtracking? use what you have, not what you don't have. You have mollasks, barnacles, and currents - trace them.
No task is too difficult for a person who suggests it for someone else to do.
How do you get that job, staring ay a piece of a wing for weeks and making hundreds of thousands a year?
Imagine losing all those laptops and smartphones to water damage
Don Lemon of CNN said it flew into a black hole so CNN was wrong again.
The plane never touched Don Lemon.
What do you want them to do? They can't find the plane. Neither can anyone else. One country confirms it is part of the plane, one says its not 100% certain....... we are mad blah blah blah.
Wow! They have had the part for 5 days now. It ain't that hard. Let me take a wild guess here on the facts- from a 777-Only one ever missing Flight MH370-Out on a limb here-Yep it is!
Garry S - Considering there will most certainly be many law suites resulting from the incident, that have to have absolute confirmation that this part was from MH370.
Lazarus.Do not suggest brain surgery for Garry for it is too late.
this is the plane, your loved ones are dead, get on with your life, grieving forever is very destructive
Maybe? How many have they lost in that part of the world?
None, and none have been lost in the WHOLE world. This is as good as a DNA match.
France is a leader in air plane tech. and they will figure it out soon.
Interesting that some have said that these parts have been placed in order to give the families closure, but that the plane is Still among the missing.....as are the people who were on it....weird
Why did they send the part to France ,instead of to Boeing? Boeing built the plane , and they would know if it came off one of their aircraft. They stated no other planes are missing that part, so it must belong to flight 370 Why do they do this to people ? This maybe the only pieces they ever find.
Actually, Boeing went there to analyze it and were included in the "international team of experts."
Anyone with only one eye and half sense should know by now that this piece is from MH370.
Geezus these people are annoying. THEY DON'T KNOW!
they need to accept that those people are all dead and move on, stop wasting your time and money
All the people are dead that was on the plane. I'ts over
It must be hard to not have answers...but they may never have enough answers to help them move on.
Blah blah blah get over it the people on that flight met their fate and became chicken of the sea chop chop chop nibble nibble nibble. Lol
I wouldn't believe anything the Maylasian Goverment said. They just want the whole thing over and behind them
Don't blame the messengers. Very sad, but these people are not to blame. Closure only after plane is found. No closure with parts of plane found.
Does every part have an ID number?
Yes, and the number on this part is 657-BB. This part is shown in the 777 maintenance manual, both in text and in diagram, as being a flaperon on a 777
The plane is gone. In the ocean and not sure what the families want. They never gave up looking for it and may get the black boxes yet.
cmon, most or all these plane parts are from mh370, there just arent that many large plane crashes.
and wow, are chinese people incredibly dramatic or what? cmon, theyve been dead a while now, do you need to see the rotting flesh?
Of course it is the wing flap. I am setting in my little one horse town a half a world away and even I know that. And I even know the pilot crashed the plane.
I guess these idiots didn't realize what salt water would do to paint and aluminum
You can be an optimist, but can you be still optimistic after all these month and hold hope for the return of your loved one(s)? Sadly, that would be absurd! Unless they can find the BLACK BOXES, we may never know what really happened.
I think they should have kept quiet until the knew with absolute certainty this is the plane. Haven't the families gone through enough????!!!
The French clowns should have gave a better answer. They gave a scientists answer rather than a real world answer. Of course a scientist is not going to be 100% convinced of anything util they run 100% of the possible tests and they all agree. This does not mean they are not convinced beyond any reasonable doubt that this flap is from MH370.
This really is a no brainer. This is a flaperon from a 777, and the only missing ones are/were attached to MH370. There is no other possible contributor of this flap
The French aren't "sure?" Tell me, how many other airliners have crashed into the Indian Ocean in the last 10 years? Zero.
No 777 other than MH370 has ever crashed in the Indian Ocean. In fact, no 777's have ever crashed in any ocean
Anything I read on Yahoo! I wait a week for the "real" facts
They are ALL DEAD!!!!! NOTHING mixed about that. Too damn much drama. They wont find any bodies for they were shark food as soon as they hit the water. More pieces of wreckage will be found every day...Hello...they are DEAD!
If you announce something, you are being accused of grandstanding. If you didn't, you are accused of withholding information. As with all things in this world, you can't please everyone.
Who inspired the pilots to ditch the plane?
Banking Cartel along with Elite psychopaths who run the global terror front!
Asian can't even drive let alone operate a aircraft
They should have just stayed quiet until they knew for sure and maybe they will never know.
What does it matter? They're not coming back.
WHAT BOUGHT THE PLANE DOWN....... (DUH) "GRAVITY"
Test it for remnants of soy sauce.
Something else to add to my book 'Stupid #$%$'..Listen..The wing is from a 777..There is NO other plane of that type missing..Good God almighty!
"I have certain rules I live by. My first rule; I don't believe anything the government tells me. Nothing, zero." - George Carlin
I am so sorry for your loss, But, I am sure your loved ones would have wanted you to live a full and happy life.
Why does yahoo need to show a picture of a distraught woman holding a cartoon picture of an airplane???
It was a terrible tragedy but...People need to move on. The plane crashed. The pieces that came ashore were from a Boeing 777. There is only one 777 missing and that one was MH370. You don't need to get confirmation from any "official". Use your common sense. Your loved ones are gone. Tragic deaths have occurred since life began. Go on with your lives. You owe that to yourselves and the rest of your families.
It should have been sent where it was made instead of people who dont have a clue and the Malaysian Govt is corrupt and will lie in a second
"Arl you fish-head leratives dead! You go home now! Have nice day!"
I miss her sweet l'il face . .
As sad as it is for the families, just what the hell is the company supposed to know that everyone else doesn't know???
Several things: Numbers on parts of the flaperon Production revisions - when it was made How the flaperon came off the plane
The families want closure? Everyone on board this plane is now dead. Your welcome.
They need to start another search for possible survivors
Boeing has said that by the numbers on that part it came from the missing 777 and there are no other missing 777's
there is one missing 777 in the world, this wing is from a 777 what does that tell you.
Umm, how 777 went missing in the area, lets say within the last 2 years? of course the wing flap is part of the plane, duh!!!
Correction: "The time has come, the Walrus said, to speak of many things: of shoes and ships and sealing wax; and cabbages and Kings."
"The time has come, the Walrus said, to speak of many things: Of shoes and sealing wax and cabbages and Kings." It's over people. Accept it. Everything is gone and all the arguments in the world will not bring it back. So sad.
Anyone want to fill me in on the latest foil hat stories? Love the cartoon picture of the aircraft. But it seems a lil creepy somehow.
Total bullchit article, of course. There's only one missing 777 in the whole world, this flaperon is clearly from a 777 according to Boeing, period ! ........and repeating pictures of the grieving people from over 500 days ago is just the AP way of sensationalism.
What are we thinking?? A 777 goes down in the Indian ocean every month. Debris from that equipment is floating all over! Sheesh.... Start focusing on the currents and deduce from where the wreckage came from!
i mean, no rush for anything. Take your time,,
They're not sure? How many Boing 777's are they missing?
if more debris than it is close by there. parts of the plane will start surfacing now from being in the water for so long.
My 19 year old bother died in a plane crash years ago. I got the news. Broke my heart, but I go over it. These people should get over it by now and move on with life. You can't sill be crying after a year has passed. Sorry, but life has it's pain. Move on.
Let us try to help out these clowns. How many 777 planes are missing uh like 1, one no other 777 is missing it is safe to say this is from the missing plane. Just how stupid are these Maroons? Beyond hope.
"...however, there were questions about why Najib had moved forward with the statement before all countries had agreed." Of course, if they had held back, they'd be accused of "hiding something". This is a public relations, no-win conundrum.
Does it really matter? Bottom line people, your loved ones are either dead or in the twilight zone...... remember them, move on.
Lost on radar, missing for 500 days, I would say that all are dead. Time to move on whether it's confirmed or not.
How many missing 777 aircraft are there in the world? This is stupid.
You are not stupid ,but a little slow.
Please turn the page ! They are dead ! Ok. !
Was there ever any doubt? After all it's the only 777 in the whole wide world that has been lost without trace. Anyone at boeing could have told by the pictures that its a 777 flap.
Just how many Boeing 777's are missing a 2-meter piece of wing?
No rush, experts. It was found many days ago, but no reason to examine it until now. Maybe start next Monday after your weekend plans?
It took you, thumbsdowner, less than 11 minutes to respond to my post. It took these experts several days to respond to finding a piece of a plane missing for over a year.
Benjamin - Never hear of "Chain of Evidence" or "Chain of Custody (CoC)"? In legal contexts, refers to the chronological documentation or paper trail, showing the seizure, custody, control, transfer, analysis, and disposition of physical or electronic evidence. As important as this investigation is, they have to do things properly and somethings it just takes time - especially with international incidents like this one.
Yes, I have. That plane part was found several days ago. The documentation or paper trail must be strenuous INDEED for it to have taken the entire time of the finding and preliminary examination on Reunion Island, and the entire time of the packaging and shipping to France, and the unloading and unpackaging and delivery in France to its current facility. Everyone in the world knew about this part being found, and nobody dissented in its being sent to France. The chain of evidence and custody was never in doubt. Are you saying that it took them many days to check the right boxes on the forms? Or to gather the appropriate experts? Because that is absurd. Institutional bureaucracy, which you've dubbed "paper trail," is clearly to blame for this delay. You say it like it's a good thing, but I said it for what it is. This delay, this bureaucracy, is not helpful. It's dragging feet. The experts should obviously have begun examining these parts as soon as the plane wreckage and the experts were in the same place in France. To suggest that there were legitimate reasons to delay, other than your slow paper trail, is absurd. It took you less than 40 minutes to respond to my original post. I guess you are just that much more intelligent and efficient than the experts who examine internationally-relevant air disasters.
No need for compliments. Just doing my part to settle down people who demand information "yesterday".
Your explanation does leave a need for something. I never mentioned "yesterday," but it would certainly make your case look stronger if I had. I said they should have at least started their examinations by now. No need for your hyperbole. I expect international air traffic experts to start their important jobs at least as quickly as my mechanic starts his relatively unimportant job.
Benjamin - OK, now I'm back to your original post. True, you didn't mention "yesterday" but after looking at all of the other posts from people like you complaining about why it's taking so long I just have to laugh and shrug it off as another person from "Generation Now". No patience, no understanding of how things work, want everything "yesterday" (physical impossibility, unless you time-travel).
Again, moron - YOU are the one whose time frame has been proved wrong. I have all the patience and understanding here. YET AGAIN, you've quoted a "yesterday" I didn't refer to. Look, confused elderly man: the experts started today. They found a result today. Makes me (and most normal people) wonder why, considering they found the piece almost a week ago, they waited until TODAY to begin tests that evidently only took a few hours. So, confused old man, it seems that YOU are the abnormal one, clinging to the old days when you could watch a buggy approach for hours in anticipation. WE were right to expect a normal, current, modern, approach to this problem. Old people like YOU not only tolerated, but encouraged, footdragging. Want to write some more hogwash you learned from TV about chain of command, evidence, and papertrails? Or do you want to admit that you tried to judge me as some newfangled impatient whippersnapper, but that my viewpoint has obviously been proven correct? That I was NOT wrong to expect that these tests would prove quick, and should obviously have begun when the plane part was found, and not about a week later? Please write about yesterday some more now. Pretty please.
Benjamin - Name calling and personal insults are the last desperate act of a beaten man. It is the lowest form of communication that comes out when somebody either is frustrated or has been backed into a corner they cant get out of because their argument is flawed. Enough of the drama already. Make an argument as to why your opinion is the right one and convince people with knowledge and information as opposed to deriding them for not agreeing with you.
No, sometimes the insults are just reflections of truth. The argument you asked for? Here it is: " the experts started today. They found a result today. Makes me (and most normal people) wonder why, considering they found the piece almost a week ago, they waited until TODAY to begin tests that evidently only took a few hours." So where's your paper trail? It took them less than a day to solve the problem once they started. So it took them nearly a week to fill out forms? I derided you for your inability to answer these simple questions, not for disagreeing with me. Personal insults? You whine about youngsters. What's wrong, can't take your own medicine?
How many "flaperons" from a 777 are missing in the world? One! Enough said.
I wish this idiot had just shut up. Nearly everything this stooge said last time about this was a crank.
Good news! All passengers will now get an additional 3000 frequent flyer miles.
Edward Snowden: Please tell us what happened to MH370 and where it is. We know what the news is, but we want the REST of the story. PS: I'm channeling for Paul Harvey.
Malaysian government will say anything to put this thing to bed. Where are the wreckage? bodies? luggage? Don't believe everything you read.
Who cres, then don't fly anymore!!!!
Man the French are lazy, they've had the part for 4 days and are now just getting around to looking at it.
Yea, no. you don't need the numbers to start your investigation. They waited 4 days before they even looked at the part. Because the French are lazy.
Spoken like a true Frenchman William.
if in fast nononsense hurry hurry hong kong - diana spencer would have live - in slow france, phillippine, india, vietnam, japan - she die
i was visiting hongkong - got caught in an accident - their hospitals are EFFICIENT the prescription/control drugs here are over the counter there - from england germany - all the advanced countries hongkongers are in complete control big systematic rich usa government are in complete control hongkongers are adults americans are babies look around - travel out of usa
@Julien. If they are waiting for confirmation from Boeing and MH, then it is the Americans and the Malaysians who are lazy, not the French. By the way, why do you need 4 days for such a confirmation? Aren't they supposed to have these numbers stand by?
"Many other technical details that I do not have to reveal" Good lord, the Malaysian government has been so shady during this entire process.
BUT just yesterday they said it was not ? Which is it ?
They said yesterday that a LADDER was not. They never said the FLAPERON was not.
You buy a ticket, you take a chance.
Any moron who jumps on a plane should expect to die. People buy lottery tickets with 50 million to 1 odds of winning, yet the odds of crashing in an airplane are only 1 million to one. A year in the water; what do these families expect; they're dead. Deal with it; don't fly. I won't ever fly again. Until they find the black boxes, they should just let this story rest.
Morons fly, a genius like you doesn't. It must be wonderful to be the only smart person.
understand being cautious, but doubt if another 777 has went down in that area lately
Metal? I thought it was composite/carbon fiber...and what's taking so long?
Ask that to the families of the missing Rich.
Mike, it's been a year; the passengers are dead. Would you rather have a hasty determination or the right one?
How about the right one in a timely manner. It should not take a week to identify this part.
You know it's part of the plane in question, Mike. What's the hurry?
Dr. - Since it's an international investigation, they're probably following a very strict protocol. Chain of custody (CoC), in legal contexts, refers to the chronological documentation or paper trail, showing the seizure, custody, control, transfer, analysis, and disposition of physical or electronic evidence.
No I do not Rich. Do you know it's part of flight 370? Please provide a link to any article stating this conclusion and I'd be happy to agree with you.
Thank you, Lazarus. Sure as one minor step were omitted the Dr.s and the Mikes would be coming up with a good conspiracy theory.
I have no "conspiracy theory"... you seemed to have pulled that one out of your #$%$ there Richy.
Mike - Here's one of many that I found: "MH370 Search: 3 Questions Experts Want to Answer About Reunion Plane Debris" Experts are in agreement that the debris came from a Boeing 777  and MH370 is the only such missing jetliner in the world.
So experts agree? The ones in France that have the part or the ones on TV that have never seen it in person?
I heard that line on TV too, but that's not confirmation by any means.
I feel a conspiracy coming on, Mike.
@Dr. Unlike what you see on TV...real investigations don't have flashy graphics on a computer or investigators with a sixth sense. It usually takes a while to confirm or exclude theories as to the cause of certain events. At least, if you want a thorough, legitimate investigation and not a side-show that is based more on hearsay than facts. If they need to take 6+ months to come to a conclusion after gathering more evidence, so be it.
"I feel a conspiracy coming on, Mike." Ahhh... so you're the conspiracy nut Rich! gotcha
I think it's the Bilderberg Group or the Illuminati at work, Mike.
hehehe.... you go Rich.... you go! :)
Feeling the need to mute Mike.
I'll wait till the scientists in Toulouse give us their findings, in good time.
Probably a good idea Rich.... and feel free yeah-way :)
By the way, Jet liners are made of aluminum.
@Todd, I realize all of the other materials involved, I was referring to the skin of the aircraft including the panels and flaps, which are aluminum, which is a metal, but if you read Dr.'s comment again, he though they were composite, not metal.
@Will The op was thinking of the 787 that uses composite materials. The 777 doesn't which you and Todd M.T. have already stated.
lazarus--I guess that there are no 777's in scrap yards that handle aircraft!!!!!!!! very easy to buy said part and dump it so that it would wash up somewhere-
sorry todd--I have been in the scrap business over the past 40 years-- nothing is impossible-- how do you think guys put together airplanes from past decades
todd a;lso --they have only confirmed that it came from--a--777 not which 777
todd-if someone is going to all the trouble to steal a plane like this - the simple problems you pose are not out of the question for a country or terrorist group that is motivated
todd-again you missed the main point--there is no serial number per se on that piece of wing --it only has a generic part number -like putting part a on to part b-etc - if there is a serial number it would be somewhere on the pilots cabin-
todd--you are full of bullcrapola-- and a liar to boot- as well as bit of a tard- they confirmed the part number not the serial number-- your problem is --you do not know what a serial number is- but I guess that is all we can expect from the guy who sweeps the floors at boeing
try to put yourself as the lead of a crash investigation. would you accept this as conclusive evidence ? if you would, you probably shouldn't be leading a crash investigation.
All lies. "They" can plant debris anywhere.
I fell sorry for those who lost family etc., but it's time to move on. They are dead and finding wreckage or anything else is not going to change that. I would not need to know every last second of what happened or the ugly details. They are not making it easier on themselves to carry this on & on. They are gone. Time for closure.
Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 == end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ BIG BANG 2014, with a reversed Bible script: resurrection before crucifixion alias cruci-fiction. After the BIG BANG was postponed several times, it was scripted to finally start Easter Sunday 2014: Anti-Bible: Easter: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a Being 777 result #1 when you add Osama Bin Laden and "Last Prophet" and let google solve the sum: end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
They will find out what happened and they will find the wreckage, but it will take time.
Looks like a lot of impatient people clicking on Thumbs Down. "Generation now" kids, want everything "yesterday". ;-)
Lazarus, your arguments are childish. Nobody mentioned yesterday. Respond to the things I actually wrote, captain paper trail.
Benjamin - Patience, Padawan. I'm working my way back to your post that I replied to earlier. Sheesh, you expect me to spend ALL my time monitoring your posts?
No, I expect you to actually refer to the points I bring up, instead of typing dumb manure about "compliments" or "yesterday." NEWS FLASH: Experts determine that wing fragment is from missing MH370 Associated Press By Associated Press 12 minutes ago SO, genius: considering that it took the experts less than a day to identify the parts, as they didn't start until today..... and that the plane parts were found many days ago ..... it WASN'T childish of me or anyone to expect that they should have started identifying those parts not today, but rather, many days ago ..... RIGHT? IT SEEMS THAT THE DELAY WAS NOT CAUSED BY PAPERWORK, OR DIFFICULT SCIENCE, BUT ONLY BECAUSE OF HUMAN FOOTDRAGGING. Yes? If it only took a few hours to identify the parts, why did the experts choose to wait several days to even begin that identification process? Feel free to ignore this point, yet again, and write something about Padawans and Jedi beliefs, rather than to directly acknowledge my point - that you, and these experts, are absurdly idiotic to expect people to tolerate their waiting of several days to perform a task that has now been proved only took a few hours. YOU were wrong to tolerate several days' wait, I was NOT wrong to expect a better timeframe. I am not some young childish impudent kid who cannot wait, you're merely a wheezy old man who cannot even conceive of how fast things in this world should be moving. So congrats on that.
please, every aircraft part has a serial number, and that number can be tracked to see what plane at what time it was installed. why does it take "experts" to read serial numbers?
StompK - From what I've heard, not every part has a serial number but most major parts will at least have service or maintenance numbers. Those can also be used to trace the individual plane this part came from. Boeing 777 maintenance manual shows the flaperon number 657BB which is a match with the photos of the debris. The flaperon number 657BB was further confirmation for investigators. Besides, experts are in agreement that the debris came from a Boeing 777  and MH370 is the only such missing jetliner in the world.
Doh of course its the wing! Seriously.
The French aren't yet ready to "surrender" the answer as to whether it's from flight 370.
It was supposed to take 2 days.
I hope they put in water first make sure is floating ,with all shellfish .
Count the paragraphs even before they mention the leader of the countries name "Najib Razak". The western media sucks.
Dailymail uk reported that based on the ocean current analysis australia "experts" have been searching the wrong area this whole time...also a local reported finding a complete airline passenger seat a few months ago....oth#r wreckage is turning up....the plot thickens.....
Public sector employees would never make it in real world where time is money....it doesn't take days to read off part numbers to verify it was from MH370...
True. There must be a part number somewhere.
Even if it is from the plane, it means nothing.
DING DING DING DING DING AND WE HAVE A WINNER! Mork makes the DUMBEST comment of the day!
Every conspiracy theory is still in play.
With all these experts and their vast technical knowledge they still know nothing and have to rely on pure guess work, just let us know when and if you find it.
christian nations will not let nonchristian nations live demoncracy nations will not let nondemoncracy nations live western nations will not let nonwestern nations live true or not - just look around except for the allies/dogs nations, while they are being used
I think rust has gotten to Musty's brain.
I agree with many posters below. Why did it take over 4 days to start this investigation. There appears to be no sense of urgency from the French. I would have had the experts there on Sunday after it arrived and started ASAP in order to show respect for the souls lost on this flight. Come on France..Step up to the plate and make things happen.
julien. it was the french that took 4 days to start the inspection. evidently you cannot read
What's to be frustrated about? The plane crashed and everyone's dead. Why doesn't matter.
It may well be from the same plane, but it was planted.
By whom and for what reason?
Sure... someone planted it 3000 miles away, 500 days later.
Someone planted that piece... Nothing that's been floating in the ocean for this long will look that clean...with no sea life attached to it.
It has lots of sea life attached to it.
If you looked closely at the wig piece you could you could see barnacles attached all over the edges.
It's either from a Boeing 777 or amelia earhart's Lockheed Electra.
A engineer can easily identify the part its all US Govt BS there isnt that many of those planes made...they just want to cover up the fact the plane was Shot down by US jets for it was hijacked and heading toward the Base at Diego Garcia......end of story.
LOL. Wow, there really are nuts like you out there. I had my doubts, but you proved it.
A part of a plane shot down north of the equator would not end up at Reunion Island.
Cmon, it is obvious the pilot did this. They just don't want to admit it....
Who cares about that plane? Focus people!! A lion was just killed!!
Took it all the way to France, because? They made the napkins that was used in the plane. This is getting to be a joke. And very hurtful for those that lost a loved one.
Reunion Island is an overseas part of France, Einstein. As the debris washed up on a French beach, France takes the lead in the investigation at this point. And by the way... Don't you realize that Boeing and other experts were/are there in France to offer their input?
why does it matter where the plane is? knowing where the plane is located on the ocean floor will not change anything. :)
well Hobo, then they'd have a chance to find the black box, and figure out exactly what happened, so in fact, it would change a lot of things (eyes rolling).
I still say someone took those people and dumped the plane. One hour after finding that plane piece the identity was known.Totally impossible to not know. If you want to commit a crime go big....Take that canoe off the wall and walk straight out the front door so to speak. Don't waste your time getting caught stealing a piece of gum. The people at the top know this o so well.
don't u think the experts would be from boeing .
it would seem that the only numbers that they will find are the ones that designate it as a part from-- a--777- not the specific 777 ala flight 370- they do not put serial numbers on every part like on a hot car-(stolen car) should have had lojac
it DID have Lojack... someone turned it off.
bob-it had a transponder--they turned that off--it did not have lojac
It is time to move on. Everyone is dead. Stop wasting money and time searching for plane parts.
Yup Robbie boy, if it were your family, you'd want answers too. A STUPID, trollish thing to say.
Under the sea, Under the sea; Darlin, it's better down where it's wetter, take it from me! We be devotin' full time to floatin' ..Under the sea.
first reports are most always wrong.
LIES FROM Malaysia: thats what you will get so the families can have closure. SO WHAT IF ITS A LIE! The families have closure.... And if Malaysia airlines is out of the news than so be it!!!!
What part of "the plane crashed and everybody is dead" don't you get? There are not a pile of missing 777 planes out there, just one.
Whats the difference between MH17 and MH370.......answer 2 weeks
Why are the results of the criminal investigation not been made public? Are they waiting for the black box as some of the media want to report so that they can here the phrase-"Allahu Akbar"?
Don't buy this info. We can put a man on the moon or send a rover to Mars. Yet can not track an airplane or we track it and it disappears w/o anyone knowing its missing? uh huh.......
It seems, some "homeowner" tries to ensure - the "liability" is not on his/her property.
It's called BEARUCRATIC RED TAPE, led by the USA, France and Boeing. Shame on YOU!
Is there more than ONE 777 missing in the world? If the part found fits than????? What the question?
How many 777`s are floating around out there...seriously?
There IS no other 777 missing!~ The flap IS from MH370! These countries need to quit jerking people around!
There was no other missing Boeing 777 other than flight 370, and no 777's had a part fall off in the area where 370 crashed.
Uh, except China has hundreds of 777s in their national airlines and could have taken the flaperon from one, submerged it in the ocean for a year to get some barnacles, and planted it and some other debris on Reunion Island. France and Boeing STILL are not confirming it came from Malasian Air flight. It could easily be a plant.
FLAPERON? sounds like one of the galaxies you go to in star trek.....
Yes, but it sounds so much more technical the "flap".
lol, right?? they didn't find a FLAP, it was a FLAPERON!!
Get over it people, they are dead and they are not by any means coming back !!!!!!!!!
It could have been a flaperon off of any 777.
Ace,try reading the articles to see what is happening before commenting.Either that or clean the trailer windows so you can see out?
Ouuu. You got me with that one Ducky.
Think about it Ace. A 777 flying around with no flap is a 777 that's about to crash.(or did crash) People do not just throw away spare flaperons in the ocean
In a nutshell, they haven't confirmed because they are looking for evidence that says 'This IS MH370', not 'this MUST BE MH 370.'
NOW this is a story. It's confirmed.
So, um the prayer thingy didn't work out again, huh. Bummer for the nutjob religionists and their insane irrational and illogical beliefs.
Airplane wings do not float around by themselves. They are attached to aircraft and we know when a plane goes down. Malaysia wants to deny the whole ever happened.
An airplane under water is subjected to forces that eventually tear it apart.
Obama's birth certificate is said to be onboard... we will never see it.
Only said by you and other dolts looking for another excuse for your ignorance.
Ted Cruz's was onboard as well. A twofer.
WELL HOW MANY DAM PLANES DO THEY HAVE COME IN TO LAND MISSING PARTS THAT BIG AND NOT KNOW ABOUT IT ,,,,,STUPID
this is exactly what I would of done if I hijacked the plane leave a few clues down the road and I still have all these slaves to work for me and my anti american club
Except you wouldn't have planted clues 3000 miles away and 500 days later.
PEOPLE - PLEASE!!!! It is over / the plane crashed / the people are dead - NOW MOVE ON
Snip from the only page worldwide explaining what the "Headlines will be: "Reunion Island's Boeing wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370": illuminati-suicide-bombers.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
Red China flag looks like an used ....
Teh only thing WE know 4 sure is that teh crash was all OBUMMER'S fault.
I still think ISIS has the plane.
Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 == end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ BIG BANG 2014, with a reversed Bible script: resurrection before crucifixion alias cruci-fiction. After the BIG BANG was postponed several times, it was scripted to finally start Easter Sunday 2014: Anti-Bible: Easter: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a Being 777 result #1 when you add Osama Bin Laden and "Last Prophet" and let google solve the sum: end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: Jerusalem: Carbon Copy of 911 2001: Obama Bin Laden resurrects from an ocean of discrepancies. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
Seven blind men examining an elephant all over again ! just deads and gones...If they were gonna come to dinner ,,they'd of swam !
Cant we all just agree that everyone on board is dead????
500 days, 500,000 square miles of nothing but water, erratic behavior of the plane before disappearing. And you morons want "concrete" proof it crashed and that it didn't land on a mysterious invisible island? Must be the Asian way of gouging more money from the airlines.
I don't know what other news the families were looking for.
Flight 370 or not, those passengers saved me from starving... :))))
This is what happens when you educate swarmers.
The sicko media will milk these hapless souls forever .............. disgusting POS .................. RIP
How about the black box ?
And who is he going to blame this time ? his shadow ?
Who is hiding the true facts, First it is MH17 incompetent investigators at work, Now it is MH370 investigators at work,.What has OBAMA to say on the issue?.
What has the Dutch Safety Board done that is incompetent?
Why should Obama have anything to say about this?
He who crashed the plane and planted the evidence knows best. No investigation needed. Just some drama before the climax. Finding the plane is not the issue. Why it went missing is the issue? Did it land in Deigo Gracia loaded with billions of Ringgit? Was the passengers killed and buried in the Island? Was the plane MH370 destroyed and kept to be planted at a later stage? Was the money secretly sent to US? Is the Pilot living in the US??
Just what was expected, the quick to confirm by you know who, just want a quick closure to the case.
Considering that, of all of the Boeing 777 right flaperons in the entire world, only one was missing, the conclusion was obvious.
There is no Malay involved in the search. Only the Caucasians in Australia, US and Europe. So much for their expertise testing their new technologies for the search for more than a year already and the MALAYSia is asked to pay for it only. The Malays in Indonesia did their own search of the Air Asia disaster and succeeded in finding the plane in less than a month. Another MAS plane was shot down in Europe and was immediately found. The Malay PM manage to get to search the debris and found the black box too. The Caucasians still could not solve the problem of who shoot the plane. Tall still cannot understand what the Malays are capable of doing.
Bodoh Yusri, they didn't ask coconut bomoh to help that is why it takes forever....
It was the Singapore Navy which found the Air Asia jet fuselage.
With the Malay people involved, this investigation will take at least 10 years to complete with ambiguous result. Trust me, that is the Ketuanan Melayu way of working.
There is no Malay involved in the search. Only the Caucasians in Australia and Europe. So much for their expertise testing their new technologies for more than a year already and the MALAYSia is asked to pay for it only. The Malays in Indonesia did their own search of the Air Asia disaster and succeeded in finding the plane in less than a month.
Indonesia does not have Ketuanan Melayu, that's why they are successful.
Singapore also does not have Ketuanan Melayu, and that's why the Malay people there dont need any NEP to become successful, respected people.
What MH370 search got to do with ketuanan Melayu?. You are the kind of person who instigate the hatred now and yet playing innocent.
The only thing instigating racial hatred in Malaysia is Ketuanan Melayu.
Why questioned Malaysia if they can proved that they had the matching part serial no. for the MH370 ????
I don`t know what flight it was, but those yummy passengers saved me from starving ! :)))
I sell humour, you tvvat !
This Mongolian Jib just wants to divert his dirty 1MDB fiasco.. he should be on plane MH 370.. together with all his cabinet ministers... stupid Malays only know how to steal like the pagpag Filipinos hir..hir..hir...
check the flaperon whether it matches the mh17. "bought" some parts from the rebels there maybe ??
its a 777 flaperon but not from mh370 means its BIG BIG time conspiracy. someone or entity probably purchased some scraped 777 parts & ...... must engage the cocoNUTS bomoh again la. its the same mystery as 1mdb.
It appeared the Malaysian authorities had not learned anything from its last flub.
The Kampong Malays just don't know how to manage the country. This is akin to let a monkey to look after a banana farm. Sisssts! It's time to kick the Malays back to their kampongs.