Why is this piece of wreckage being sent to France? If it was thought to be part of an Airbus plane it would make perfect sense to send it to France; but a 777 is a US-designed and manufactured aircraft. The piece should be sent directly to Boeing for study and, hopefully, full identification that irrefutably links it to MH370.
Rab: 'Could be for a number of reasons. I would suppose (1)jurisdiction and (2)specific investigation protocols established for this case. Don't get too upset.
I hope these families get closure. Not knowing must be awful.
If it does turn out to be a piece of the MH plane, I would dispatch a whole fleet of helicopters to comb the beaches of not only this Island but also the nearby island of Mauritius and as far away as Madagascar because it would make sense that the ocean currents would have sent hundreds of pieces of the plane in the same direction...
maybe...I figure anything on those small West Indian Ocean beaches would have been discovered, plenty of people go around them.
There have been only two instances of 777's crashing or missing and the one in the Ukraine doesn't have a chance of showing up in the Indian Ocean. Now, will all those posters who claimed that MH370 was being hidden on some remote island being prepared for a suicide attack please acknowledge that you were insanely wrong? I thought not.
Yeah, but...but....but....anything that proves there is no conspiracy is really all just part of the conspiracy dontcha know? lol.
false flag. This was just a planted spare part
As you see...VA is obviously either having a laugh on conspiracy fruitcakes, or he is one of them.
I'm not someone who believes the plane was diverted to an island and landed. But I am someone who believes that it was terrorism, probably on the part of the pilot or co-pilot-----can we at least agree on that? Or are the "sophisticated ones" still trying to figure out if it was some sort of "accident?"
on known facts, it is more likely that there was nothing wrong with the airplane and it was some kind of bizarre crew or passenger malfeasance..it is hard to take the plane all the way down there and then crashing maybe out of fuel, on any known mechanical problem.. ...even though there are some knowledgeable people who have said some kind of fire or smoke asphyxiation mass unconsciousness event and a plane sailing on for that distance in that condition, is possible. The main problems with that seem to be the nav and tracking equipment which had been apparently turned off. Noone has ever ridiculed the broader terrorist or rogue pilot model, Angelo, in fact they are if anything the most popular suggestions, even with experts. What they do ridicule, is this #$%$ about flying to Iran, Israel, Russia, or Diego #$%$ Garcia.. Or space aliens with a big butterfly net..
I do not understand why if they have the part number that they could not just call Boeing to confirm. Why will it take up to a week after it is sent to France? There is probably a logical explanation, but I can't imagine what it might be.
ED....Are you serious? Before I tell you that you are more gullible than most...Go watch the 3 minute video: George Carlin Illuminati Speech. Can you do that for me Shrek?
apparently number is not a part number, is a serial number...not same thing, it is why identifying random parts from cars is often not straightforward, but in this case, I do not get why you do not just bring the piece to Boeing, or vice-versa, and surely to #$%$ a piece of extermal main airframe cannot be hard for such a person to ID...why is it even being taken to France?? This is not an airbus.
ILe de La réunion is part of France, that a very simple answer .Same if an Airbus was crashing in Hawai , parts would be sent to the USA
I've heard that mathematicians could now almost pin point the location of the downed plane, using ocean currents, wind directions, time of the find, if in fact it is what we think it is.
who says that? I think someone has been p-ing in your ear.
It is amazing how the news media hypes possibilities instead of waiting for facts and the truth. I would vote to execute news journalists who report false information!
Could be. But another possibility is that this is staged to fabricate "clousure" for the victims' families. Recently, they started squawking again about "not enough being done" and suddenly, one piece of the plane washes ashore. Here's the thing: If this piece is actually from that large plane, more pieces should be in the area as well as luggage, etc. If this one, isolated piece is all that's ever found----and we hear "It's a match!" I will choose to believe governments conspired to give a fake resolution to this act of terrorism. And yes, that's what it was----a terrorist act. This was no accident. If you believe it was an accident of some sort, you're a moron.
This is not going to give anyone closure because it fails to answer crucial questions the victims relatives still have and only creates even more. Searches that were dwindling away prior to finding this piece will now be intensified in a more exact location, and this means more coverage, not less.
Angelo, get back on your meds.
Rabnud: What is so outrageous about my comment that you would say that? I think it's pretty conceivable, what I said.
Angelo, if you really think that the Malaysian Gov't, corrupt and porous as it is, could devise and pull off the coverup that you suggest, you're clearly living in fantasy land. Furthermore, no one disputes the possibility, albeit remote, that the disappearance was some act of terrorism. That you so crassly claim that anyone who believes it was an accident is a moron clearly shows that you're one of the conspiracy nuts.
but there WILL be no closure just from finding what is maybe a piece of flap..it will not point to the wreck, and if anything, it stirs the thing up again. they are out of line complaining about 'not enough being done"...it is a needle haystack exercise, and still will likely never be pinpointed. If this was a nutty pilot gone rogue, this is all exactly why the MFer took the plane down where he took it.
You are not saying it is conceivable Angelo. Which it is not, BTW. You are not talking about an open mind, so don't fling this stuff up on the wall and then pretend otherwise. You are asserting this loony CT as the way it is.
All I'm saying is that one isolated part without anything else doesn't prove very much----unless it can be shown with 100% certainty that it was from that specific plane. And in that case, I would also want to know who is leading the investigation. As for how this crash happened (assuming the plane went down in the drink) I haven't heard enough discussion that it was terrorism. Understand Rabnud, coming to grips with the fact that it was terrorism is an important step into investigating their motives for the terrorist act. This is uncomfortable for some people. Not for me.
It is uncomfortable for some people, and yes, I think you are one of them.
Here you go Yahoo...instead of filling your front pages with an article on this every 60 minutes....try some real news: IRS COMMISSIONER IN CONTEMPT "A federal judge threatened to hold IRS Commissioner John Koskinen in contempt Wednesday after the IRS failed to produce, as ordered, newly recovered emails of former IRS official Lois Lerner. U.S. District Court Judge Emmet Sullivan had ordered the IRS on July 1 to turn over Lerner emails on a weekly basis in response to a lawsuit by the watchdog group Judicial Watch. The lawsuit focused on the 2013 scandal in which the IRS acknowledged agents had improperly singled out Tea Party and other conservative groups for extra scrutiny when they applied for tax-exempt status during the 2010 and 2012 elections." Source: Fox News
All they ever do is threaten, I wish they would start locking these AH's up where they belong.
Well, the French do love to probe, don't they.
it must have Putin fingerprint or ...hair !
this is NOT MH17....sheesh. Can't you tell one MH disaster and number from another???
Speaking of plane debris. did they ever find any in that field in Shanksville, PA?