What we know - how the currents in the Indian Ocean Flow. What else we know - how long something would take to drift of a certain size and weight, over a predictable course thanks to the current information over a set amount of time. (The Fukushima fishing boat that turned up off the NW Canadian coast comes to mind and helps calculate time/distance for this Flaperon to reach the island). Based on just those two things we know, it's safe to say the plane is somewhere about 1000 miles SSW off the southern tip of India/Sri Lanka. Time to call Woods Hole Oceanographic institute and Dr. Robert Ballard - the foremost expert in finding needles in haystacks underwater.
Yet another misleading Yahoo title and virtually useless article in a self-serving attempt to increase readership, and internet traffic at the expense of the grieving families. A piece of a 777 was recently found and a picture purportedly of this recent find is prominently displayed in the Yahoo article; is this recently found piece off the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 or is this piece of debris/wreckage not off the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370? Rehashing pilot names, flight numbers and the rest of the dribble under known and unknown categories masquerading as an informative news article is a deliberate waste of time. If Yahoo wants to be a serious resource for news, information and credible material then earn that distinction by producing some original are relevant material. For example produce (from Boeing, Malaysia Airlines and/or the responsible governmental investigative agencies the serial number of the relevant flight control surface off the missing airliner. Then identify the location where the serial number would be found on the recovered piece and produce a diagram and so on; do some work, offer some education. Yahoo is unable to make the determination on whether or not this piece recovered is from the missing airliner, but you could certainly shed some light on the process rather than recycling previously reported recycled bits and pieces of dated information. I know the easy way out is simply to cut and paste other’s efforts.
The part has been visually identified by experts just visually as being from a Boeing 777. There is only one total loss 777 in this part of the world, it was MH370. If the data recorders are ever recovered they won't be able to tell WHO. This was no set of coincidence --- it was well planned and for what reason? Again flight data recorders will never reveal that. It had to have been one or both flight deck officers. A 777 doesn't just make a 360 turn on its own. The sad thing is NO ONE is forcing and demanding implementation of mandatory womb to tomb, start to finish, take off and landing SATELLITE tracking and communication, check in / status. This service is available today with full data up-link. My cell phone tracks me on Google Maps wherever I go. Airlines don't want to pay for this service but charge customers for everything but air.
Who said the 777 made a 360 turn? 360 is a full circle- when did MH370 fly in a full circle? It reversed course, almost a 180 turn and headed towards Penang.
Yes this is one of the reasons why people have been so upset/perpelxed about a missing plane. They are assuming that we have a level of technology in place & operating - but we don't, because no one wants to pay for it.
The US, AUSTRALIA, MALAYSIA, CHINA,. and other countries needs to scan every square inch and mile of the Indian Ocean with nuclear subs and sonar devices on the bottom of the ocean floor even if it may require or involve the next 278 months to do it. As long as they continue to invent 783 different theories, THEY JUST WON'T FIND ANY MORE clues or pieces to the jigsaw puzzle. AND IF THEY THINK that the entire wing, landing gear, rudder, or other heavy parts of a 777 plane is gonna wash up on short like a toothbrush or wallet, then aren't they being a bit unrealistic and maniacal? THE POINT? A PLANE THAT WEIGHS 9 TONS ON A BATHROOM SCALE is just gonna remain on the ocean floor for the next 7236 years where those sharks and whales love to hang out. Why the search and rescue folks continue to play guessing games is what 3 year old kids do in school because the only way to find the black boxes is to comb every square grain of sand on the ocean floor. The longer it takes them to see or admit that, the longer it will be before all the pieces fit together. SIMPLE AND AS OBSCENE(EXPLETIVE) THAT ONE, U POLITICIANS!
It's almost certainly rogue pilot action. Everything was planned and timed. The transponder was shut of in the gap of being transferred from Malaysian ATC to Vietnam ATC, buying them some time. The plane changed altitude and course, that requires pilot input. Previous cases of decompression "ghost plane", the plane stays on its set flight plan till it runs out of fuel. The pilot or co-pilot wanted to take the plane down and everyone with it and didn't want the plane found. I think they'll eventually find it, that is if it's in the area they think it's in. Finding the wing piece certainly inspires them to keep looking as it confirms it went down in the Indian Ocean and rules out other theories like being hijacked and taken to Kazakhstan to be outfitted with bombs for a terrorist attack.
Here's the scenario that I've believed from day one, after hearing the available details: This was a suicide by the pilot-in-command, (Captain)similar to the crash of EgyptAir 990, in the Atlantic, in 1999, by the copilot. Because Muslim suicide brings disgrace to the survivors, and would probably deny insurance payment, he had to take measures to prevent it from being discovered, by ditching the airplane in a deep part of the Indian Ocean, and letting it sink, hopefully intact. After the last communication with ATC, he sent to copilot to the rear on some pretext, and locked the cockpit door, He the turned the airplane to the west, then south, turned off the transponder, electrically closed the air inlet valves to the passenger cabin, depressurizing the airplane, and donned his oxygen mask, supplied from an independent cockpit source. In the passenger cabin, the emergency oxygen masks would drop, but that supply would be depleted after 20 minutes, and after another half hour, the captain would be the only live person on the airplane. Before the fuel was exhausted, he descended, and, apparently ditched the aircraft in the water as successfully as Captain Sullenberger. The flaperon found on Reunion Island, acting as a supplemental flap to slow the airplane, broke away on impact. Because the airplane filled with water, through the air outflow valves, the pressure was equalized, and it likely sank intact, with passengers and all contents remaining within it. Incidentally, The government of Egypt asked for our help, in 1999, then rejected the NTSB's probably cause conclusion because, "Muslims don't commit suicide". To them, it's still unsolved.
Incidentally, I speak (Write) as a retired pilot: 27 years and 24,600 hours, with a major airline.
How do you know what happened on the missing aircraft? When you don't have any facts about MH370, feel free to create your own. Your post contains many errors of FACT. The cockpit oxygen supply to the cockpit is from an oxygen tank, or bottle, in the E+E bay below the cockpit. To depressurize the cabin you would not close the inlet valves, stopping the inflow from the engines- you would open the dump valve to allow the pressure to escape from the cabin.
Vincent, your scenario has high probability. Do you know for a fact that the Captain's oxygen supply is an independent source? Robert
I researched the possibility that the flight crew has an independent oxygen supply from the passenger cabin months ago and found from the operations manual of the 777 that those in the cockpit can do do this.
The oxygen supply to the cockpit masks for the flight crew is independent from the emergency supply to the cabin of the aircraft. It is from a large bottle mounted high on the rear wall of the E+E bay, below the cockpit. The passengers oxygen supply is from emergency oxygen generators intended for short term emergency use only- the flight crew is supposed to get the aircraft down to a lower level (15,000 feet or less) so passengers can breathe. The flight crew has more than twice as much oxygen available than the passengers, but DOES NOT have enough oxygen for a 7 hour flight.
I would agree with that assessment, commenter. Vince's comment was rather verbose so I don't really know what he was saying about the oxygen. I think the main point is that if someone wanted to disable the passengers by exposing them to the low temps and low oxygen levels of the upper atmosphere to bring on hypoxia and/or hypothermia, that could be done with someone in the cockpit having enough oxygen to survive that.
Agree- it would be easy for flight crew to disable/kill the passengers by depressurizing the aircraft and continuing at a high altitude long enough for their emergency oxygen to run out. But whoever had control of MH370 did not have enough oxygen to fly 7+ hours at high altitude, so I would sure like to have more info about the altitude of MH370 while it was still on the radar screen. What was the last known altitude when it turned south, passing Bandar Aceh, and heading off to the unknown? Could the person flying the aircraft have run out of oxygen and succumbed to hypoxia? Accidentally, or deliberately?
I guess the question then is, could they have repressurized the cabin after depressurizing it? If that's possible, then they could have flown at any altitude without having to use oxygen. I think your last question is a very good one. I have always thought that there was a possibility of the person flying the aircraft to have ended his own life prior to those 7 or 8 hours expiring. He could also have done it by another means, a gunshot or fast acting poison for example.
Naturally, he could have descended to 10,000 after passing out of the Indonesian radar range, when everyone had expired. If the captain had succumbed to hypoxia, the airplane would have spun in after running out of fuel, and broke apart upon contact with the water. In order to leave no debris, it had to be a controlled water landing.
Yes, many things we don't know. But at least, it strongly reinforces the position that the flight did indeed go down in the Indian Ocean, not off the coast of Vietnam and not going to land in some secret place.. and even reinforces the idea that it would likely be a "zombie crash" sort of thing rather than a steep dive into the ocean. It gives some real-life orientation, a real help.
More information in Kindle book I read, The Sphinx Code MH 370. Best possible scenario.
We DO know some of these things. My evaluation is as follows: As I said a year ago, the most likely senario is as follows: There was a fire raging in the cargo compartment due to the large shipment of lithium-ion batteries on board. They are manufactured in Kuala Lampur, and were most likely being shipped to Beijing. If they ignite, it has been proven that there is no way to extinguish the fire. The pilot was aware of this at some point, and attempted to turn back at the nearest Malaysian airport, Kota Bharu,, but did not make it, probably due to a huge explosion. Most of the plane completely disintigrated, so it was impossible to find debris. This wing flap that was found, is in exactly the right place for a crash/explosion that occurred just beyond Malaysia over the Indian Ocean. After researching the currents, I could see that they would have pushed the debris in a westerly direction toward Madagascar. And 'bingo', there it is on Reunion Island. I was right! All of the sudden, Boeing announced a few days ago, that the airlines should NOT transport these Lithium-Ion batteries on passenger flights.,
So why was INMARSAT receiving signals from missing aircraft heading south into Indian Ocean if it exploded so violently? Wouldn't the piece found on Reunion show signs from explosion- like pitting of surface of flap from explosion?
Let's see what they say about the wing flap when they examine more closely.
Not very likely since this aircraft was under intelligent control for about two hours when it was diverted and to the time it was pointed south towards the open ocean. The maneuvers the aircraft made can only be made with someone at the controls directing the aircraft.
The only way that scenario works is if you ignore two facts: 1. This aircraft was taken at the most critical point of its flight where it could cause maximum confusion at ATC and slip away unnoticed. This was not a coincidence. 2. That the aircraft was under intelligent control since it departed from its intended route and engaged in maneuvers to avoid violating other countries' airspace, nor did it attempt to set down anywhere as it would have if the aircraft was in trouble. In addition, if the aircraft was in trouble, and the pilot was conscious, the thing to do would be to violate another country's airspace to have them send jets to investigate, not avoid their airspace.
What really happened... The Americans are withdrawing from Afghanistan, one of their command and control system (used for controlling the pilotless drones) was hijacked by the Taliban when the American transport convoy was moving down from one of the hill top bases. The Taliban ambushed the convoy and killed 2 American Navy Seal personnel, seized the equipment/weapons, including the command and control system which weighed about 20 tons and packed them into 6 crates. This happened about a month ago in Feb 2014. What the Taliban want is money. They want to sell the system to Russia or the Chinese. The Russians are too busy in Ukraine. The Chinese are hungry for the system's technology. Just imagine if the Chinese master the technology behind the command and control system, all the American drones will become useless. The Chinese sent 8 top defence scientists to check the system and agreed to pay millions for it. Sometime in early Mar 2014, the 8 scientists with the 6 crates made their way to Malaysia, thinking that it was the best covert way to avoid detection. The cargo was then kept in the Embassy under diplomatic protection. Meanwhile, the Americans engaged the assistance of Israeli intelligence, and together they are determined to intercept and recapture the cargo. The Chinese calculated that it will be safe to transport it via civilian aircraft so as to avoid suspicion. After all the direct flight from KL to Beijing takes only 4 and half hours, and the American will not hijack or harm the civilians, so Flight MH370 was the perfect carrier. There were 5 American and Israeli agents onboard who are familiar with Boeing operation. The 2 "Iranians" with stolen passports could be among them. When MH370 was about to leave the Malaysian air space and reporting to Vietnamese air control, one American AWAC jammed their signal, disabled the pilot control system and switched over to remote control mode. That was when the plane suddenly lost altitude momentarily. How the AWAC can do it? Remember 911 incidents? After the 911 incident, all Boeing aircraft (and possibly all Airbus) are installed with remote control system to counter terrorist hijacking. Since then all the Boeing could be remote controlled by ground control tower. The same remote control system used to control the pilotless spy aircraft and drones. The 5 American/Israeli agents soon took over the plane, switched off the transponder and other communication system, changed course and flew westwards. They dare not fly east to Philippines or Guam because the whole South China Sea air space was covered by Chinese surveillance radar and satellite.
Wow, just wow! With a vivid imagination like that you must make good money writing fantasy for science fiction readers, because there is not one single shred of truth in your post.
Besides being factually challenged, you are also ignorant of geographic knowledge- Guam is way north, not east of where they were flying.
Ok I have my tin foil hat on now,tell us more------
how long have you been here on earth?
My guess would be a controlled ditching into the sea where it sank intact which would explain the total lack of floating materials.
all planes leave an oil slick. where the one from this one?
Id say there's been more then enough time for any oil slick to dissipate.
There wouldn't be much of an oil slick anyway since the plane was virtually drained of fuel before it went into the ocean
Yeah I would concur,controlled ditch with flaperon at 25 would explain the symmetrical break across the composite panel . leading edge is still tucked under and protected at that point. Can only be Airbus stalling the investigation in France. Anyone with a passing interest in aviation knows the piece is from MH 370.
Come back when you know something, yahoo. Seriously.
Come back when you realize that Yahoo!'s business model is based on CLICKS--from lDlOTS like you--not "Walter Cronkite-esque" type critical reporting of yore. What a gullible maroon.
Michael. And yet you're here too. DOH!!!!
a forensic scientist can correlate barnacle growth with the crash date to confirm this is from MH370. But I am not sure why this part of wing had neutral or even positive buoyancy. I doubt current would sweep debris up from a seabed that is so deep.
Flaperon has internal ribs and stringers to give it the structural strength to hang down in 200+ MPH winds, creating spaces for air pockets.
Stephen: The high use of composites makes the flaperon a naturally buoyant surface. Flotation is further enhanced because its structure is hollow from the inside. This is why this airplane part floated for so long and for such a distance. The rest of the plane is (?)
Maybe the plane landed somewhere safe, and now they planted this plane wing part as future evidence. The plane may reappear, fixed from a new wing from a junkyard even if this wing has VIN form the missing plane. Just a theory.
We know Boeing puts serial numbers on parts and keeps a record of where they go. We know how quickly a computer can find this information. We know authorities are delaying announcement of their findings. We can guess why.
The debris, or some it, drifted westward toward Reunion Island. Maybe some of the some drifted west past the island and landed on the big island of Madagascar. So lets contact officials on Madagascar and ask them to inspect their eastern shore beaches for airline debris or even human remains.
I wonder why those plane crash authorities haven't thought of this..... Gosh Biff... Thanks so much for your input... absolutely invaluable... Don't know what we'd do without you....
After 16 months 'human remains' would no longer be floating on the surface of the ocean.
What is not known is still alot, the speculations the media reports as facts runs rampant.
They don't know where it went down but there is also a reluctance to announce information too. Pretty sure they have found the serial numbers.
I think your definition of 'reluctance' is tainted and filled with paranoia and conspiratorial breaks from reality ... but hey, Reagan was never shot, no plane hit the Pentagon, no one landed on the moon, and the Holocaust was a hoax. What a lonely suspicious maroon.
Whatever you mentioned WAS NOT CONSPIRACY.
Hmm, you sound a little weird Michael. I was referring to the slowness of the original info being released by the airline and their government, not your c**p about conspiracies. Incidentally, we have white, black and brown people, who are these maroons you are talking about? Bye.
Are they fooling us? Ok so they "found" a piece of a Wing on Reunion Island and now some guy claims to have found another piece of debris from a Plane and shows a piece of twisted metal. Please someone tell me how such a piece of metal could float almost 3000 miles without sinking? I understand the wing piece has some void airtight compartments but not a piece of metal. Are they fooling the public again?
Currents actually push things along the bottom if they don't float somewhere between the bottom of the ocean and the surface, which somethings will do depending on what they are made of and how they are made.
The wing is hollow so yes metal can float (the world's largest ship weighs 190,000 tons and it floats just fine - its called buoyancy). That second piece of metal was a false alarm - turned out to be a chunk of an old ladder not from any plane.
well lets hope the Families of the Passengers finally get closure, I pray for them
It was one of the two pilots. Period.
It looks like the German wings aircraft. The bad pilot locks the good pilot out of the cockpit. Now turn off all visibility, change course and "land", not crash, the plane in the Indian Ocean, far far away. by Landing the 777 it stays intact, wheels up . the flaps down. of course that would rip the flaperon off, but the plane does not break up and sinks .. I would think if this happened. all the passengers and crew would know we landed in the middle of the world, What this did tell us it went down in the water. Had it crashed in a remote spot on earth, it would never be found, Not that it is found now. we have one very small flap.
had it crashed on land it surely would have been found. this aint no little two seat airplane that can hide in the brush.
For the conspiracy theorists: If someone was hiding the plane, wouldn't it be a great idea to break off a piece, soak it in the ocean to gather barnacles and other signs of water exposure, then put it on a remote beach so far away that it does not suggest where to find other parts if the plane had crashed?
You are late to the party, I said several days ago the space aliens that stole the plane and kidnapped the passengers put the flaperon in the ocean to give the searchers a false lead- a fake clue. Everyone knows the real purpose is to mislead people and help hide their secret base in the Australian outback. Good day, mate!
That would be a needless exercise that would not accomplish anything that is not already being accomplished by the inability of searchers to find the plane. They were looking in the ocean and all searches all but called off. For anyone to stir the pot again by doing this is senseless since it only sparks more searches. If you want to cover something up, you want people to forget about it, and you wouldn't do things that make them remember it like needlessly planting evidence.
And the plot thickens. There is a scenario where a fire could have caused the communications shut down and loss of control, but everything considered, including evading detection and a controlled landing at sea, indicates that this was an intensional act. The pilot and copilot are prime suspects, but perhaps someone else took control of the plane. It seems unlikely that someone would commit suicide by soft landing a plane filled with innocent passengers in the middle of the ocean, leaving no message for the world to read. This seems like a true conspiracy, involving others who may have wanted something or somebody on the plane. This may have been a state sponsored act. I really hope that they do locate the wreckage. Obviously they need it to narrow down the possibilities. They need to keep Americans and Russians out of the investigation.
Does anyone know anything about the pilot's personal life? I heard the co-pilot had just gotten engaged so it would seem he was not a candidate for suicide. What about the captain?
have you not been following this situation? they went into their personal lives many months ago. they also rehashed some of the pilot's personal stuff here.
Looks like those idiots over at fox got it wrong again. Retired Lt. General Thomas McInerney was back on with Sean Hannity tonight and still stands by his original statements that missing MH370 landed and did not crash into the ocean. “I think those passengers have the potential to still being alive. And I believe that airplane landed. I believe the airplane has landed and I’ve listened to a lot of aviation experts and none of them know anything about radical Islam. And I think that was one of the major shortcomings to think that as well planned as this was, and you just went through it with Mr. Kay, on how the transponder was turned off, they said goodnight, ACARS went off transponder. Take the line from the last transponder hit and then take the line from the Thai radar skin paint and draw that line. And see where it goes. It heads straight for India.”
Let's see Randy..... do we believe a retired GENERAL, or a skeptic who knows how to post online?
Where does the retired GENERAL think the chunk of wing came from??
Much like a mattress,some clothes,the captains hat fired from a submarine torpedo tube to trick the pursuer into thinking it was sunk. I personally believe it to have crashed but if you have the means to make it disappear you also have the capability to make another flap to substitute the one used as a decoy. Also might be wise to contact the contractor who built the original and account for all those that have been supplied.
Seems pretty unlikely someone would be able to build an exact replica of a broken wing flap, including serial numbers, that would fool the manufacturer. Maybe you could fool some people, but not the people who built it.
Ntexas your still an idiot. Still think the plane is in Pakistan? Once again proving those idiots on Fox don't report the news......... The plane part that was found on a beach in the Indian Ocean was determined to be part of MH370, the Malaysia Airlines flight that vanished more than a year ago, Malaysia's prime minister said. The debris is the first piece of physical evidence recovered from the ill-fated plane, which disappeared on March 8, 2014 along with its 239 passengers and crew.
@Randy Typical liberal. Randy wants to stick his head in the sand and not listen to what experts have to say. His statement was a SPECULATION (please look up the definition) on what might have happened BEFORE they found the debris. I’m sure you would prefer that nobody challenge your world view. You’re the type that would have believed the propaganda from Pravda in the old USSR. Maybe you should try discussing ideas instead of censoring debate and attacking Fox.
You left out a few things, so let me help. 1) We know the aircraft was flown through waypoints Vampi, Gival and headed toward Igrex, as recorded by Malaysian active radar. It's a zigzag pattern, and obviously under control of the flight computer Autopilot, because no pilot or terrorist wouldn't be zigzagging around the Malacca Strait using waypoints and a flight computer to hijack an aircraft. We also know the electronics and "fly by wire" components of the aircraft were intact, meaning no severe damage or major malfunction was sustained by the aircraft. Though all of circumstances of the disappearance pointed directly to the anti-terrorist system Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot on board being used to hijack this aircraft. US media and government "experts and analysts" did not once even mention the system existed on the aircraft, meaning a National Security letter was issued to hide the existence of this "public knowledge" system. The Wiki description of this system has been changed at least five times since the disappearance. The system can only be initiated by the crew or remotely by a government with the encrypted codes and the VHS ground stations or satellites to transmit them. It cuts all electrical power to the cockpit and all communications from the aircraft. The flight computer is engaged and powered by an inaccessible secondary power supply. The pilots have no control, and there are no communications available for The change right after the disappearance was as follows: "New update from Wiki: The Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot (BUAP), is a system designed to take control of a commercial aircraft away from the pilot or flight crew, chiefly in the event of a hijacking, and allow the craft to be remotely controlled to a landing at a designated airstrip. The action can be initiated either by crew or by government entities on the ground. History Contract for the system was awarded in 2006.[1] Installation began in 2007 with full implementation in Boeing craft anticipated by 2009. However, the retroactive nature of the integration with key original craft systems prompted the manufacturer, the Boeing Corporation, to make disclaimers that it could no longer assure the craft could not in effect be hacked by non-authorized entities:[citation needed]." The "citation" was required for the retrofitted systems because it was a lie, and the reason for the update. Both new systems and the retrofitted models use the same remote initiation protocol. The "suggestion" that MH370 could be hijacked by an outside source was planted in case the BUAP system hit mainstream media despite the media ban. 3) As it was apparent the aircraft was under control of the flight computer, it was impossible for MH370 to have made a left turn toward the Indian Ocean before reaching waypoint Igrex, as the US government originally "suggested", because the Autopilot can't change course until the current waypoint is reached. I think the "official story" has been changed that the aircraft now "possibly" turned left sometime after waypoint Igrex, which is also impossible as course (next waypoint) was set when reaching Igrex...and course couldn't change until that waypoint was reached. We also know that when the aircraft went out of range on Malaysian radar, it was well within the radar range of India's Andaman Island at Veer Savarkar airport, containing both military and civilian aircraft radar systems. India refuses to give a direct answer why the aircraft isn't on their radar recordings, and the US government is even making excuses for them. What the article stated that isn't true: 1) "-- We know that around 1:30 am, tracking systems such as the jet's transponder were shut off, yet the plane appeared on military radar until 2:15 am as it turned back over Malaysia and flew out to the Indian Ocean." There is no proof the airliner flew over the Indian Ocean. The airliner was hijacked by government(s) intelligence agencies, that is certain. The pings, if there were any, could easily be accomplished by a "flyby" aircraft containing a transmitter with a duplicate ACARS handshake ping. Doesn't anyone question why the ping miraculously "reappeared" shortly out of Malaysian active radar range? It was to lead the search out of the area where the aircraft was headed. 2) "-- We know that a wing part found on Reunion has been confirmed as from a Boeing 777, making it virtually certain that it is from MH370 as no other such plane is known to have crashed in the area." The wing could be from any 777, or the factory. and planted after being intentionally left in seawater since teh duration of the hijacking. 3) "-- We know that the 30-day beacon battery on MH370's flight data recorder was later discovered to have expired more than a year before take-off, raising questions over whether this contributed to the inability of a multi-nation search to find an Indian Ocean crash site." "Discovered to have expired"? So you have the beacon, or had its signal at one point time? Huh? What the article blatantly lied about: -- We still have no idea what caused the plane to divert since neither the cockpit crew nor the plane's monitoring systems gave any sign of trouble prior to that, and the weather was clear that night. -- We don't know whether a hijack or terror attack was responsible, since there has never been a claim of responsibility by any group or individual. -- We don't know why the plane's tracking systems were switched off and by whom, an act that Malaysia has said appeared to be "deliberate." -- We still don't know exactly where MH370 went down, meaning we are no closer to recovering the aircraft's black box and analysing it for clues as to what caused its disappearance. Why would the AFP and this dumbsiht author, nor the US government, not have any idea of how any this could have happened, when it's EXACTLY how BUAP works? BECAUSE THE US GOVERNMENT S THE ONLY ONE WHO COULD HAVE HIJACKED THIS AIRCRAFT WITH THE SYSTEM. The aircraft was landed at Veer Savarkar airport that night by all logic and scientific circumstances. Our US government is currently trying to sanitize the internet of any references to the BUAP system of being implemented on this aircraft. But as I stated, it is already a matter of long established public record.
Wick-Wack ... shazzam!!! Some folks got just way to much time on their hands....
Can't read English? Don't understand science? It's why our US government gets a way with this.
We do not know that transponder was "shut off." We only know that it ceased functioning. This could have been due to damage to the antenna or cabling, loss of power, or other failure in the electrical system.
US could clear up any Diego Garcia concern by allowing China to search the waters.
China too busy building new island bases in South China Sea to try and expand their influence in Indian Ocean at this time.
What about the fact that a russian ship was seen dumping aircraft wreckage right around there. Destroying the evidence from the 777 shot down over Ukraine, I would presume.
Hmmm... I had forgotten that the two planes were the same model. Interesting theory but I would think if the parts are marked with serial numbers, they would be able to figure out if it was dumped. (This doesn't quite make sense though: if I were the Russians I would have burned & melted down the debris to get rid of the evidence)
Nice summary, but fails to mention the totally incompetent response and investigation by Malaysia. Malaysia still hasn't addressed questions about the security of the aircraft before the flight- who had access to it? Who had access to the 'ramp'- the flightline? Were those people investigated? Was it properly locked? Were there security patrols? Was there video surveillance? With Malaysia's pathetic investigation we don't know if hijackers, stowaways, or bombers could have been aboard the aircraft before the flight began.
Malaysia is Ketuanan land, where Malay mediocrity is rewarded while talented minorities are discriminated. In other words, an Apartheid nation.
Since the black box records only the last 30 minutes of flight--and the plane was on autopilot for hours till 'touchdown'--none of the data during the critical time of the "good night", and electronics being 'switched off' would be present.
Sit down Wrong. 30 min is only on Voice Recorder. Flight Recorder everything would be there from the moment its tape was installed.
That's true it's only the voice recorder with the 30 minute cap. But in this case that's probably the more critical info to figure out what happened. It might have revealed the other pilot beating on the door to regain access similar to the Germanwings crash, but only the last 30 minutes there's likely to be total silence by that point. The data recorder will confirm whether all the aircraft's systems were working properly and it's exact course and changes in altitude, among other things.
still they can learn if VR was ERASED intentionally or not. And if not what was there on last 30 min
Michael ... go away... get some sleep.... know the facts before you open your mouth... or let your fingers type...
anyone ever see the tv show why planes crash.. usually its a mistake in the computerized directional signal operated by human who can by mistake miss one letter in airport code.ok if they program in for beijing or airport code and mistake happen the can flay for hours and not know they are off cours and crash.. without knowing where they are.. who knows .. but i saw this show and it makes sense.. that maybe they did and it turn around or it was done intentional.. i was just using a gps google and the direction on it said to go a different r out then my common sense and i question it to person who's phone it was. and he wa like yea ur right..
We DO know some of these things. My evaluation is as follows: As I said a year ago, the most likely senario is as follows: There was a fire raging in the cargo compartment due to the large shipment of lithium-ion batteries on board. They are manufactured in Kuala Lampur, and were most likely being shipped to Beijing. If they ignite, it has been proven that there is no way to extinguish the fire. The pilot was aware of this at some point, and attempted to turn back at the nearest Malaysian airport, Kota Bharu,, but did not make it, probably due to a huge explosion. Most of the plane completely disintigrated, so it was impossible to find debris. This wing flap that was found, is in exactly the right place for a crash/explosion that occurred just beyond Malaysia over the Indian Ocean. After researching the currents, I could see that they would have pushed the debris in a westerly direction toward Madagascar. And 'bingo', there it is on Reunion Island. I was right! All of the sudden, Boeing announced a few days ago, that the airlines should NOT transport these Lithium-Ion batteries on passenger flights.,
This sounds possible, Tina. Dang batteries.
In your senario why didn't the pilot simply land the plane? In your senario the plane flights back past Malaysia. Also why wouldn't the pilot radio in, or passengers make cell phone calls?
Doesn't explain why the plane communicated with a satellite for 6 hours...your theory is pointless
david - I believe the pilot TRIED to land the plane, but couldn't due to either 1. he was quickly incapacitated by either fumes or 2. after his 180 degree turn back to the airport at Kota Bharu, he lost control of plane due to problems w/electrical. I think his ability to communicate was impossible due to no transmitter at this point. The ACARS systems was not set up to track this particular airlines flights, because they declined to purchase this function. If it did fly for a little longer after being unable to land, it would have reached the point just beyond the west coast of Malaysia, that the couple on their private boat saw and explosion, or what they thought was a shooting star or asteroid. They should be investigating this! IMHO...
I agree with this scenario with these differences. The pilot was made aware of smoke of a smoldering fire. The gases were poisonous. The pilots, cabin crew and passengers all donned their oxygen masks, the pilot disconnected the autopilot and turned the airplane towards the closest alternate destination airport and ordered the first officer to change the transponder code to the discreet emergency code. The FO turned the transponder switch to "standby" while changing the code and this is why the TX is no longer sending a signal (I've seen it a hundred times). He then is asphixiated. The captain is now trying to load the nav system to the alternate airport and dies of asphixiation as well. Now the airplane is flying on it's own like a huge "free flight" model airplane with no transponder transmission and is seen by fishing boat crews at 1,000 feet and satellite data at 45,000 feet during the rest of it's flight. The airplane runs out of fuel and crashes into the ocean after a realatively stable glide. The possible reason for the crew asphixiation is no masks donned, a bad seal allowed the gasses into the mask by the pilots faces, they ran out of O2 by fire damage, or the fire somehow otherwise involved the crew directly. The passengers died from the masks not being designed to seal out poisonous gasses. Cabin crew likely the same way.
“1. he was quickly incapacitated by either fumes” The issue here is the “C” shaped path which required someone to repeatedly change the course over an hour past the turn around. “.. or 2. after his 180 degree turn back to the airport at Kota Bharu, he lost control of plane due to problems w/electrical.” Again this means he flew for over an hour with no attempt to communicate, no passengers made phone calls over Malaysia, AND he circled the radar zone rather than fly straight in, and didn’t lower his altitude while attempting a landing? “ I think his ability to communicate was impossible due to no transmitter at this point.” But you cannot take them all out at once, there are multiple radio systems and many have battery capability and again there are passengers with cell phones yet no communication on any system. Chris The issue is the “C” shape flight around the radar maneuver, if that radar data is found to be incorrect then your plan works but the “Payne Stewart scenario” has been largely dismissed because the plane avoided a fly over of Malaysia, and that required human management and 1-3 hours after the turn around.
Pretty narrow minded conclusion given that many deliberate actions and behavior (including radio silence) points to pilot(s) purposely hijacking the plane. Certain pinging features were deliberately turned off that required someone who knew exactly what he was doing. If Plane caught fire, they would've declared emergency right away and tried to land. Not to burst your pretty bubble, but the plane did fly for hours if your theory that they were overwhelmed by smoke and there was an explosion. Planes don't auto pin to satellite when they explode into a fiery fire in the sky, for hours. Also, nobody could track the plane while they knew it was still in the sky because someone deliberately turned off that tracking feature. I doubt that the plane could be on fire and somehow it 'disabled' itself due to fire and fly for hours. The pilot purposely flew under the radar and then once out of certain corridor, it reroutes itself again in certain direction - which is almost impossible if the airplane was on fire or on autopilot. There was a deliberate and calculated attempt to evade radar. There was deliberate turning off of certain pinging and signaling of its whereabouts. Funny, you can the plane had a fire and explosion, but it still can fly for hours with someone purposely turning off the beacons, fly in an evasive manner? Hahaha... idiot.
Tina Who cares what you said a year ago and what you say now ? Take a pencil and some paper and go write an x- novel for yourself and friends.
Tina, you're either really gullible or just stupid.
Seems pretty bloody unlikely they would be shipping that many batteries aboard a commercial passenger flight - that's what a cargo plan is for.
Kevin - The airline initially released the cargo manifest, which listed this large shipment of lithium-ion batteries. The 2 UPS cargo planes that had gone down in the past few years due to these volatile, dangerous battery shipments caused the airlines to ban these shipments on CARGO planes. Now, all of the sudden, the airlines are being asked by Boeing to reconsider the shipments on PASSENGER flights. Get it?! They are in big trouble for causing the deaths of these Malaysia Airlines passengers...
Ah I see - you are right they did have a large amount of those batteries aboard as cargo - but it still doesn't make sense, doesn't explain the radio silence, doesn't explain the 180 degree turn, doesn't explain the transponder being turned off, and doesn't really explain 6 hours of flight over the Indian Ocean. And in fact the prelim look at the wing part doesn't indicate any explosions ( but have to wait until the French finish their testing to find out for sure on that).
I believe the plane suffered a major catastrophe such as a rampant electrical fire. The plane became completely devoid of all avionics (radios and everything) but still manual control of plane. They tried to work out where they were and searched for airport for eight hours but to no avail.
Certainly possible however the radar people believe the plane flow a "C" shape which would be nearly impossible if the plane were flowing on autopilot
I have to believe that a Pilot with 33 years of service would know how to navigate by just looking at the sky. Clouds you say? He also had a compass that requires no wires or power.
If they were WW2 pilots it may have been a benefit. But alas no, most modern pilots wouldn't have the accuracy.
If it was not for the 20 Freescale Engineers that worked on secret military projects, their military sensitive cargo or Philip Woods, who sent out a photo with the coordinates of Diego Garcia, I would believe in your catastrophic electrical fire theory. The ocean current that is suppose to have taken the debris from Australia to Reunion Island also happens to flow past the Diego Garcia Atoll.
Well planned scenario. No ship or boat hit with any parts of the plane ? no fuel or oil floated, no seats, which are used in case of emergency, nothing floats, but heavy metal parts ! Are we so stupid ?
Congratulations, you just found the Achilles Heal of the 'governments' entire plan--though I can't imagine which 'government' you THINK is trying to deceive the world .... unless of course the Illuminati is in charge of the investigation and doesn't want ANYONE to know. But their strategy from the beginning was to wait 16 months, spend millions of dollars on searches, and then find the heaviest object they could find, plant it on the beach, and HOPE AGAINST ALL HOPE that the public would be fooled. But they never counted on 'ali' foiling the weakest argument of their entire conspiratorial operation. NOTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT No, WE are not stupid ... but given the above, YOU sure are. What a unthought-through maroon.
There should be no fuel floating even if the airplane was broken smart boy ! They consumed ALL FUEL before going into the water. That slat i.e. a flaperon IS NOT HEAVY METAL. Heavy metal music made you deaf. Ok That part was hard composite material a la plastic plus with air pockets.
Shah was a first-class nut. He had constructed a 777 simulator in his home. Forensics have him "practicing" flying his imaginary 777 into the Indian Ocean. His wife and girl friend had both left him. His opposition "hero" was sentenced to prison on the day the flight disappeared. We know that the aircraft continued to emit a GPS "handshake" for at least 8 hours after its known radical course change and disappearance, the limit of its fuel endurance. Better make that "highly suspected airman.........."!
A full pledged Boeing 777 pilot who built his simulator at home is already an indication that the guy is up to SOMETHING. Why? Because when.he is bound for the real thing every 6 months he cannot do his evil plan in the 20 / 20 vision sight of his instructors.
If the guy is that smart why would he give up his life for no known reason? I have to believe a hijacker took over but erred in direction and accidently flew the plan to their death, probably trying to reach Australia
David you said why should he give up his life for no know reason. I can tell you one thing many times we do not know what is going through a persons mind. There are many people that committ suiside and nobody knows why. Sometimes all it takes is on final thing to trip a persons mind off. Not everyone leaves behind a suicide note. Not everyone live to tell the tales of why they did what they did. Thank God at least the German wings pilot left many clues behind so we were fortunate to know what he was up to.
Semone That just doesn't work from a logical stand point, as more than 200 people have to ride around for hours without even a phone call, this action took hours, many hours. There was plenty of time to do plenty of things and yet none of those things happened
Removal of "oppositioner" to the airport Abdullahi Yusuf International Airport along the line to Mogadishu Aden Adde Intl is a comprehensible legend for hijacking of airplane. In terrorist acts of genocide 9/11 anti-Muslim zionists-fascists performed of legend of liberation of "the Muslim Brotherhood" from the prisons of Egypt. In terrorist attack 9/11 was carried out aiming of aircraft by autopilot, by radio beacons. In terrorist acts of genocide MH370 (training), MH17 (target) Jewish provocateurs/performers jumped from an airplane by parachute through the hatch "NO STEP", launched the thermobaric bomb from Mossad with timer. It should start with Act of possibility of leaving from airplane Boeing through the hatch "NO STEP". The one who did this intentionally, has overstated the safety factor of the the caudal part (see photo MH17).
Timothy. Most probable scenario. Especially when you mention about his daughter and wife left him. Any info if one or both of them went off with some Chinaman.?!?! That would add lot of weight to this scenario.
David 200 people to have around for 8 hours !?! Yes. But if pilot did what Timothy said then pilot would also die together with ALL 200 them soon after he set course to middle of ocean BY DEPRESSURIZING THE AIRCRAFT. Or he used oxygen to live alone till ditching aircraft.
Mophap ca Mapmapa It just does not work. If the passengers die near Vietnam, someone has to live to steer around Malaysia. So what is achieved by flying for 5 more hours to ditch? He could have just ditched at Vietnam. Why even turn a round if you're flying into the ocean? I have to believe the plan was to fly to Australia, and simply got screwed up.
David I believe this incident happened when it was dark. How many of us traveling in a plane pay attention or notice the direction we are heading in. Passengers were proberly sleeping or reading until the final moment of their lives without realising what was happening. Especially if their was no struggle or alarm raised in the cockpit
If you want to know the answer, ask Why did the Malay Air Force not respond even when their radar detected the plane turned around?
they were not under direct threat.
One of The most beautiful puzzles of all time,...
-- We know possibly there is maybe a miscalculation in the satellite data they have.
whether the flap is a part of MH370 that means the plane had crashed to a far west point than the research area,...
I wouldn't call it "Most beautiful". deaths of 200 innocents is not beautiful.
You are right, definitely not beautiful in that regards, Sorry for bad order of words. Eng is not my 1st language.
Good people of the Indian Ocean islands.....you all have been in the news lately, and you may be in the news again....batten down the hatches....a Super Typhoon (presently 178 mph) is swirling about in the Western Pacific, but, "Soudelor" has a computer track, that heads into the Indian Ocean.....this means a lot of the MH370 debris will be piled on the African shore lines. related website article: "Earth's most powerful Storm of the year, roars across the Pacific"
I could have saved them a couple hundred words... What we know: A piece of a plane that likely came from the missing plane was found and is being analyzed. What we don't know: Everything else.
UHHHHHHHHHH basically, you don't know chit
Well, if you don't want to know anything, Yahoo is ALWAYS the place to be.
Well, we sure as hell don't know where it is!!!
Keep crying wolf investigators. Even with that wing fragment, rotted luggage, and airplane door. The crash site will never be found.
While we're waiting for the verdict by the French experts, let's replay a broken record just to keep the website hits coming.
On the bright side, the folks at CNN have something to do again.
What we know is MH370 is still missing. You can take that to the bank!
I saw a report saying the flaperon did not belong to MH370. If that is the case, I hope they inspect all 777s cause one is missing a flaperon. Or..... maybe it belongs to Amelia Earhart's plane.
Nice to know that instead of basing your opinions on the collective evidence from multiple confirmed sources, you base your beliefs and life's decisions on "a lone rogue report" that says something different. Great job! How's that workin for ya you #$%$@#$%ing moron. What a finger pointing, tide stemming maroon.
Seemingly innocuous inconclusive blog posts leave few wondering if you aren't someone who likes to state 'truths' that can't be disputed, because they remain so neutral in their tone, yet, everyone KNOWS what you mean but is rendered powerless to argue against 'it'. What an irresponsible fire starting maroon.
They will never find the plane. It crashed off the "arc" and they won't look anywhere else. This debris may have been floating for a year from the crash site.
And you too Out of this investigation
That's OK, neither does your post..................
좋은밤 보냈습니까 어제크룸에 계산종이보았습닌까 저는 많이놀랐습니다. 오늘은 돈을 만저 보는 겁니까 어떡게하면 되는지요
아짐에 밴드사람들 같이 놀았는데 30자계산서를 잧아놓고 잊드군요