Inside a flap such as this, there are hundreds of ID'd parts, any of which can trace the origin. The part number will ID the contract number, the part, and the side of the plane. If the part number ends in a dash odd number, then it is shown (as-is on the assembly drawing) and is used on the left half of the plane, and if it ends in dash even number, then it's opposite engineering drawing and on the right half. There will also be dates of manufacture on most or all ID'd parts.
I would estimate over 200 components in this flap would be required to be traceable. The only parts I can think of that are not traceable are "clips" (which are simple 90 degree angle pieces) that join longitudinal extruded angles to others, and rivets. There are generic parts all throughout a flap such as this, but they are attached to a structural part of the flap which will have some sort of ID. If two parts such as this get separated, then it is a "pulverization" of the aircraft (such as the germanwings crash) and adjoining components are irrelevant in an investigation as there are none and if there are, there will be no usable forensic evidence that can be obtained.
And it probably says "made in china"
SN confirms it's from a 777. The only 777 that is missing is MH370.
@ Vincent. Do you work in this industry since you have so much knowledge about this part or did you just google it?
You remind me of a Chief Logistics Specialist that I served with named Vinnie. He knew aircraft parts, especially on our P-3C Orion aircraft.
Yes, I work in the industry.
An accompanying map would surely help this story.
I'm not sure how much this helps since it could've washed up from any distance. I think treasure hunters, deep sea fishers and anyone with the right equipment who wants to search shoud be allowed to search. I don't think government individuals should be the only ones allowed to look because they've already spent 50 million and came up with nothing.
I hope this is the find that they were expecting. The relatives and friends of those passengers and crew need to know what happened to their loved ones. I hope they can find the rest of the plane to verify what happened.
If confirmed to be the flight. Hopefully, math & science can use conditions, time, weather, etc. to locate the remaining portions. Possibly put all the pieces of the puzzle back & answers for families. Give them closure.
Are you kidding? They used Maths and Science for the last 15 months and they ended up in Australia, spending millions in the process.
Malaysia Airlines record of keep records and there aircraft safe is a joke. I read where the pinger batteries on the black boxes were expired. I hope we can rely on Boeing for any records/serial numbers.
I'm praying that the wing is part of the missing plane and that the families of those lost will receive closure. My prayers go out to them . please let us remember at this time that poking fun at and saying rude things concerning people who have passed on is not exactly a good thing in your life to do. because life has a funny way of what goes around comes around remember that.
You will be very surprised at how much information concerning the impact can be obtained from this one part.
I hope this wing is part of the plane and maybe they can find out what really happen and be able to tell the familes what happen to their love ones.
Let's hope that the piece is part of the missing plane, MH370. Otherwise, this will be another mystery.
I hope and pray that these families will finally get closure on this plane crash and they will find out what really happen. Maybe this will open up a new search and find out everything!
Considering how large the chunk is, how new it looks, etc. it seems likely to be the one. It's not like there's a bunch of large disappeared planes to chose from. Hopefully this will lead them to the rest of it, get the black box, and Figure out what happened so the families involved can have some closure.
life is a wonder: pieces of a what's believed to be jet plane, washing up on an island named Reunion?
Gary is clearly insensitive to the plight of those lost on MH370. You should be ashamed of yourself and offer an immediate apology. How dare you treat other humans in this way. Disgusting
@ALS: I have no idea where you get your information from, but the Le Piton De La Fournaise volcano isn't going to be erupting anytime soon.
Mike B - Lighten up - Gary is poking fun at the media and us folks who eat it up. I think the same of Al S. The world of the internet has become so grim that we need a few jokes. The world has always been grim, it's just that now the internet provides even more detail. It's in the Bible: Luke 12 verses 1-3. The rest of the chapter contains a lot of good advice & observations also. I'm a Christian atheist.
NO Tom. will not lighten up as you call it. His comment was a slap in the face of every family on that flight. and YOU be angry at stupid, insensitive remarks. Such a disgusting attempt at humour when these folks lost family is simply NOT acceptable. and your lack of IQ is demonstrated when you tolerate this behavior
God you are one sick man. My sort are those that have respect for the victims of this tragedy. I wish your DAD was on this flight then maybe just maybe you might understand . But I doubt there is any room in your heart even for your own Dad. You are a worthless human Simple as that Note. I didnt stoop to your ridiculous vulgarity. Did you even finish grade school?
the world awaits your apology. which wont come because of your lack of humanity. There is a place in life for humor but it wasnt here. But of course I realize your lack of IQ prevents you from understanding how egregious your comment is towards those on the flight.
you are not even man enough to take the criticism. ONLY low Iq individuals stoop to vulgar comments.
I looked up some of your previous posts. It is clear you are also a bigot that uses vulgar descriptions of non whites. You are simply a walking piece of #$%$ with no value.
Gary is a bigot ... with no redeeming value. My post is ONLY about your use of humor which is clearly sick. again I wish YOU had been on the plane and someone makes fun of your tragedy. why cant you understand the stupidity of your remark?
but Gary remains an uneducated, simple, #$%$ bigot brought up by parents with no idea how to raise a decent human being.
Since shortly after the plane disappeared, I've speculated (wildly so, of course) as follows: One or both of the pilots wanted to make a case for forcing all airlines to equip every airliner with equipment guaranteeing a continuing record of exactly where it is at all times. To that end, he (or they) first composed a letter explaining what he (or they) were planning to do. He (or they) next handed that letter to a trusted other party with instructions that the letter was not to be made public until after one of two events transpires: (1) the plane is found in less than 2 years, or (2) 2 years pass without the plane being found. If this wild conjecture proves to be true, no one shall be more surprised than me. EDWARD N. HAAS (79) - HAASWOOD, LA and originator of Esoptrics (from the Greek for mirror): The Algebraic Logic Of The Mirror = the only cosmological theory explaining how even space as well as its occupants are ultimately a collection of non-spatial points outside of one another solely as the result of a septuplex framework of real relations.
@Rachel: "The cause of the pleasure thus enjoyed by the insolent man is that he thinks himself greatly superior to others when ill-treating them. That is why youths and rich men are insolent; they think themselves superior when they show insolence. "ARISTOTLE: "Rhetoric": Book II, Chap 2; 1378b/lines 27 & 28. Too bad your intellectual ability is limited to insolence! To make matters even worse, you are apparently too defective intellectually to perceive how intellectually limited you are.
One word will describe your inane mutterings: TROLL
@Bernard: Like Rachel, your intellectual activity is limited to insolence. Few human beings are more to be pitied than your kind, which is to say the kind so intellectually dead, sterile, and barren, you cannot even begin to realize just how intellectually dead, sterile, and barren you are.
There is no strong evidence that this is a piece of MH370, only a suspicion. All planes have Flaps. Another plane had crashed near reunion in 2009. It could be dislodged debris from that plane, flight 447 that crashed in 2009. Of course it is the first bit of information that holds out hope. My sincere wish isthat it turns out, after investigation, to be a piece of MH370.
It has a part number that matches the aircraft manual. There is only one of this type of aircraft missing.
A good point Alan. I have not read about the part number. Hopefully you are right.
The level of corrosion is supposedly not enough to be part of the Air France crash. It was minimal which would be consistent with one year exposure. (According to initial observations)
Air France crashed in the Atlantic Ocean, highly doubt it's from there
James: Not from AF447 = wrong ocean SN matches that of a 777 and MH370 is the only missing 777.
Reportage being what it is I thought that the reporter had the wrong ocean.
The people in this world who like to call themselves ' authorities ' so often make me laugh. So let's see, a remote Indian Ocean island, a year after an air tragedy where 300 people lost their lives, and a portion of a wing and a piece of a suitcase wash up on shore together. And they are not SURE the two are related ??? I wonder if they believe that the human artifacts buried in time at Pompei and the exploding volcano on the island were related ??? How they love to hoard information to make themselves feel privileged and smarter than the rest of us. Of course the two items are related. They are clearly remnants of the Malaysian disaster. It is sad confirmation but now maybe some kind of story can start to emerge about what happened to the plane and all the poor people on board.
Not everyone in this world is glued to high tech and privy to tomorrows news today! "remote indian ocean island..."
Finding this is definitely a sign of progress. However based on the time frame, the ocean currents and tides, the plane could be hundreds, if not a 1000 or so miles away.
I wonder if the plane did a water landing and the wings and engines were all that broke off. The fairly intact fuselage could have sunk in one piece w/the passengers and objects that float sank with it. That could explain why there was no debris field or hundreds of objects floating in the sea which would later wash ashore at some point.
yes, that is what happened. The pilot did it.
I completely agree and believe the plane is just about fully intact. However even though it's a large plane along with the size of the ocean, it's compares to trying to find a soccer ball on the ocean floor...
Suspect a "flaperon" would more likely be torn off if it was down; water landing?
nah i should have said sky daddy did it.
Why in the hell would you fly the plane into the middle of the ocean and try to land it safely in the water?
Water landing doesn't make sense because it wouldn't explain all the actions leading up to it. Why divert so far off course? Why cut off all communications?
OK so if it was manuevered to avoid certain airspace, then was the plan to land it somewhere and use it in the future or was the intent to crash it as a terrorist act or suicide but maybe they had a change of heart or couldn't go through with it and just let it run out of fuel and do a soft landing. Still not adding up here.
What kind of stones was Johnny collecting?
Judging by this guy's looks I would say Crack rocks!
Bunch of UN-learned morons commenting here! Let me try this once again, a stone that is rock solid and smooth which can used to grind spices that most Indians use in various dishes they prepare and also use in tea...I have two stones, my mom's and my own--I found mine in Sacramento river and my mom's is from an island in the South Pacific. I would like to use one of it to knock some sense in a moron's head someday.
Wow! Stand back from the angry island lady. She's got a short temper, and some big stones!
Wow! Stand back from the angry island lady! She's got a short temper, and some big stones! I'd agree with her on one of her points. Most of the 'learned' people at the UN are truely morons. Can't argue that.
How does she know they are all from the UN though????........Hmmmmmm.....
Apparently wise lady isn't wise enough to spot a joke. Stay off the comment section if you're going to get your panties in a wad.
Hmmmmmm......how does she know all the commenters are all from the UN though????
wiselady has three stones - one's hidden in her cranial cavity
My hunch is that it was another case of pilot suicide. Why fly over your native village when you head south. So sorry for all the innocent passengers and their families.
No, the Cowardly Lion did it...
Wow Don't know which is better news: this suspicious debris or the 4 tera -Watt (?) Japanese laser that Yahoo posts with no way to comment on it. I'm going with the laser that could give rise to several of Tesla's theories including the one about transmitting electrical power without wires. Hollowing out the atmosphere for a quick charging bolt of lightning to pass through for a milli-second to charge a big battery seems within easy reach.
Having been a flight instructor for a bunch more years than I sometimes like to remember, I'd like to be "Devil's Advocate" for a moment here since it looks like this tragedy may be in the final stages of being 'solved' in the, hopefully, not too distant future. Many feel the pilot may be at fault for the flight's ending, but that would necessarily also mean the involvement of the co-pilot as well, which is possible...if he was not killed in the cockpit or 'locked out' as per the Germanwings incident. My theory is that there may have been a catastrophic flight deck decompression, effectively rendering BOTH pilots unconscious or incapacitated before they had a chance to don their oxygen masks, which can usually be done in a simulated emergency in about 15 seconds...when you're probably EXPECTING to have to react ! If one or more of the cockpit windscreens blew in at 500 mph or more, both crew may have been fatally injured in a few seconds; any number of devices involved in the 777's flight management system could or would have been affected which may answer why the sudden unexplained course reversal, the transponder system ( single switch on the center console ) being disabled and absence of all communication with the aircraft. If the ailerons and elevator trims had been set, then the 777 may have managed to successfully maintain a reasonably level flight attitude if the manual adjustment on the autopilot had not been changed. This adjustment #$%$ is usually located on the forward panel under the flight deck glare-shield which would offer some protection from being hit or changed from it's preset altitude hold setting. If this scenario was, indeed, the case then with both crew incapacitated, the 777 would have maintained a pretty 'straight and level' flight attitude until the tanks were depleted and may have 'pancaked' into the ocean with a minimum of structural degredation. This might explain the strange lack of debris usually associated with airline accidents. If and when the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorders can be recovered and analyzed, only then might we begin to understand the probable true cause of this tragedy !
Unconcious pilots dont turn planes Arousa and try to fly Inder radar.
No one turns a transponder off unless they're trying to do something illegal.
I wouldn't be calling you to give expert advice.
I'm not buying unconscious pilot. One pilot could have overpowered the other; it's not necessary that both were involved. This aircraft was intentionally maneuvered around the southern tip of Thailand to avoid violating their airspace and then north and west to go around the northern tip of Sumatra, thereby avoiding Indonesian airspace, and then due south to the open ocean. That's a whole lotta intentionality for someone who is supposed to be unconscious. In addition, there was no attempt to set this aircraft down anywhere. The point of departure is also too convenient for an unconscious pilot - transferring from one country's ATC to another's. This is a point that, if someone wanted to abscond with the A/C they would do it because it creates a whole lotta confusion as to where the aircraft is and who has control of it, and that's exactly what happened. I know pilot's don't like to think that they guy/girl sitting next to them, they guy/girl they have to entrust their lives to, find it difficult to accept that, that person could sneak up behind them and slit their throat at any given moment, but it is not out of the real of possibility, and all pilots should keep their fingers on the pulse of their partners mental stability.
If the pilots were truly unconscious, as we saw with Payne Stewart's A/C, the A/C would not have maneuvered in the way it did; it would have just continued on in virtually a straight line, but that's not what happened. Movements were made to intentionally avoid raising the suspicion of surrounding countries and provoking a reaction from those countries that would have occurred if the aircraft had violated those country's airspace.
From the altitude a 777 would be cruising, hard to imagine a bird that size pancaking into the drink, glide pattern slightly better than a rock, if there was someone alive at the controls, maybe. Catastrophic structural failure at altitude would have left debris for miles. Nose first, just like the crash in the Florida Everglades a few years back, US Air with the oxygen generators in a forward cargo area.
I don't know why people keep pushing the theory this was not an intentional act. Such major course deviations to intentionally avoid detection seem completely unlikely. Period, end of story.
I think a lot of those who do that are pilots and others connected to the industry. I noticed when this A/C originally went missing it was the pilots on CNN, like Les Abend, who would cringe when someone made that claim and then attempted to make excuses as to why that couldn't be the case. It's just not that easy for a pilot to think that the person he is entrusting his life with on a flight, his co pilot, might sneak up behind him and slit his throat at any given moment, but the harsh reality is that it can happen.
Hey, Futt! You have an epiphany or something? This isn't the tune you were whistling a year ago!
HUH? Must be a different FUT. I've been saying the same thing since the second day this aircraft went missing - suicide/homicide pilot. You can go as far back in my comments, and you will never find me advocating a different scenario.
I am the FUT with the round, yellow, Iron Maiden growly face.
Ah well. I just recall arguing with you then but I agree with your recent posts.
Maybe it was the other one you're talking about. You know, the one the Russian thugs in eastern Ukraine shot down?
I'm pretty sure we disagreed on that one. I'm trying to go back in my comments to show you how far back it goes, but it's not easy. I've only been able to go back 3 of the 17 months so far.
B-25 Pilot Even though your hypothesis have very strong reasons to believe it , yet it is unfortunate that most of the people and media wants a "Juicy News" rather than a straight forward simple explanation and your hypothesis lacks in that "Juicyness".. .. People don't like it until they can not have a gossip on basis of that news.. people love to point their fingers on innocent dead pilots ... people try to find a criminal activity in the sad death of innocent people.. this is 'Criminal' mindset of people .. unfortunately...
That's false. I am speaking to human action that has nothing to do with anything but that. This aircraft did not behave like an aircraft with no one flying it from the moment it departed from its intended route. In fact, it was navigated by someone for about 2 hours after it diverted. That's just a fact, and it doesn't serve anyone's purpose well to avoid facts just because they don't like them.
Hear what is wrong with your theory. If the two pilot was knocked unconscious as you said then how did the plane make such a perfect turn to go off course after the transponder was turned off. I learn that the flight path of of plane is normally computerized meaning u would have to reprogramme it or take control manually to make such a sudden and drastic turn. The problem is a lot of people are conning up with theories but FORGETING THE FACTS OF THIS CASE
You're right, Semone. It all boils down to that old saying ignorance is bliss. Ignore the facts that disprove what you want to believe, and then you don't have to deal with all the nasty "juicyness."
It wouldn't explain the extreme change in altitudes and maneuvers the plane made to avoid certain airspace.
F........shuckup you are not alone from a few days after the crash and listening to the experts and the evidence they had I had no doubt that this plane was taken by human hands. Many would be in be in denial cause this could hurt the airline industry if it happened to be pilot suicide. . No one would want to believe that a cousin ,uncle, brother,sister, son, father, friend could do something like this. But. It happend a few months ago with the German wing pilot to
Remember some of the so called experts in the aviation industry saying it could have landed on a desert island or was flown to Uzbekistan. Well they can't be called upon to give expert advice anymore. While I, sitting in my little one horse town a half a world away figured out long ago that pilot purposely flew the plane into the Indian ocean until it ran out off fuel.
Yes, but no debris of any kind, no bodies, no luggage, no floating seat cushions, nothing but this, and it may not have come from MH370. There should be debris all over the place.
It's possible that he's about to come into some serious money. I'd bet that there are a number of rewards offered for finding any part of the plane. Maybe not millions, but a couple thousand or more seems very plausible.
Already many french in this tiny island raised up from daily naps, go out to search for MH317 debris for money.
Could the pilot have put the flaps all the way down for a water landing to reduce speed? They would probably break off!
In March a person in Rebel held territory told Reuters the missile came from the area where he was and Reuters printed it did not come from there and reversed the story. There is little chance this will be solved, at least for the public as the powers that be already know and don't like it.
Possibly??? So it means nothing at the moment. How come there has been no reporting of what was carried on the plane? What was in the hold? Where there any VIP's on the plane? Business affiliates? Who were the two passengers with stolen Passports? Where is the list of all passengers on the plane? Is there a sister plane of mh370 and where is it? Who are these people with the stolen passport? Location? Nationality? Lone Wolf? I don't think so, nor do I think the wreckage is part of the plane??????
you do realize the MH370 flight disappeared 17 months ago, and all of this has been covered over, and over (and over, and over, and over) again?
Somebody didn't watch CNN 17 months ago
I will give the answers you seek Andrew.Yes,who knows,who knows,who knows,who knows,who knows,who knows,who knows,who knows,who knows,who knows,who knows! : )
Clay, it's fairly easy to say that it has been glossed over...and information is vague and misleading...
The information seams misleading at first cause the plane disappeared into thin air. The investigators who are only human were trying to put the pieces together and still are. Now we can connect a lot of the dots an realise that things are becoming more clear now. The final pieces will be the location of the plane and how it went down
Really strange that nothing else has been found. No bodies, no floating seats, no debris of any kind, just this piece of something, and it may be a plant to cover up.
I hope when the. plane crash it didn't kill any of the fishes Or animal life
Good thing he called his buddies first to share the news and not the authorities. Sure he'd be missing by now if he had.
Archie, YOU need to be missing...JERK!!!
Good point. The CIA would have kidnapped him had they gotten to him first
Hi Archie, this is Betty and Veronica, we are waiting for you down at the bar on State Street.
Commenter, I belong to All in the Family. Wrong Archie, sorry.
Oops, sorry about that. Forgive if I do say you sound much more like "Meathead" than good old Archie Bunker though.
I wouldn't have ever told anyone.
I didn't take Archie's post seriously. To me, I assumed it was TIC, "Tonge In Cheek", if it wasn't then he deserves being castigated by his fellow posters. Does anybody else besides me remember the All in the Family episode when Archie wrote to his local T.V. news station with his solution to the plethora of Sky-Jackings that were happening at the time. Most of the Skyjackers demanded to be flown to Cuba, it really was an epidemic at the time (early 1970's) Anyway, the T.V. station let Archie OPINE in a "citizen's voice" segment. Archie's idea?? Issue fire arms to all of the adult passengers fire arms when they boarded the plane! That way, when the skyjacker pulled out a weapon or claimed they had a bomb the closest passenger could pull out their gun and say "oh no we are NOT!!!" Imagine my surprise when the NRA actually came out and said pretty much that same thing! I mean, that episode was meant to be SARCHASTIC!! It was NOT meant to be taken seriously. It was designed to show that Archie Bunker was off his rocker. So, a quarter of a century later the NRA adopted the Archie Bunker Skyjacker/terrorist "solution".
Tonge? in my mouth? I heard you could catch herpes or some other std like dat. If it WAS "Tonge In Cheek" he deserves to be castrated by his fellow posters, IMHO.
All they had to do was call the maintenance number in (it's on the part) and verify if it's a 777 piece.. whats the problem and all the mystery.. whose withholding information.. whats wrong with media reporting.. you want to take weeks to verify, at whose expense..?
You know how they are - keep the idiots in suspense for as long as possible to keep them tuning in. It's taking as long to verify this as it is taking to verify that Russian thugs in eastern Ukraine shot MH17 down.
They're billing you fairleyj51 , I gave them your mailing address , and it's gonna be a whopper man .
Hope he gets 2 or 4 millions tip for what he found, more than 50 millions were spend to find something like this, and nobody find nothing, so he deserves may be 5 millions, thanks.
Where is the picture of the suitcase!
sound like a very nice man!!! I hope this is the find that they were expecting..
Bad news for experts in conspiracy theories! They are all silent. LOL
Some of them are making some half-baked efforts to say that this stuff was planted, but they don't have a rational answer as to why someone would do that since this aircraft was on its way to obscurity prior to this happening, and there is no good reason why someone involved in a conspiracy regarding this aircraft would want to revive interest in it; quite the contrary, they would want interest in it to die down, not be revived.
Its pretty obvious that the CIA planted this evidence on this island to mislead everyone
Yes, the CIA planted evidence so that it would become more salient in people's minds again and they would start looking for it again when most of the searches had been called off. Isn't that what all people who want to cover something up do? Make people remember what they're trying to cover up rather than forget it? Make them start looking for it again? I guess that's what those involved in a conspiracy do when they get bored because others have almost totally forgotten about their misdeeds - remind them of the thing they are covering up and incite them to start looking for it again.
i still think this is not what they are looking for.
I checked your island out on Google Earth, and it looks awesome! I want to come visit.
I bet this will help tourism to the island - it looks really nice.
On the news they estimated the plane crash would be over 4000 miles from these plane parts !
How did finding one small piece solve the mystery???? We still don't know what happened or where the wreckage with the black boxes are. The 'Mystery' is far from being solved. Misleading headline.
Reunion.. what a name for a place to finally find closure from such a tragedy.
How terribly convenient ' ) after all this time of searching those waters. Hard, very hard to believe I say.
Agree. Something fishy about this whole thing.
Yeah , real fishy George, I agree .
pretty neat actually. too bad dr palmer didn't find it. he could have spirited the rare find back to Minnesota and hung it on his wall.
Authorities wouldn't comment Thursday on whether Begue was the first to report discovering the component..The "Authorities" are trying to figure out how to predate a call so THEY can be on tv and who knows maybe get a REward and if even More lucky they'll get "The Girl"
I hope so for the families I hope they are able to find the rest of it and get some closure what a nightmare to have to go through
Ill bet there aren't any gay pride parades in the lands of ISIS? hmm I wonder why? Don't the gays have pride there?
Ron, you are a typical gay. Making comments about your gay pride when it has nothing to do with the article.
Ron, stop being Mr-no-fun. If you want to have a gay pride parade, then have one
at least it is confirmed coming from a b777, and we can only safely presume that it came from mh370. since no 777 crashed at that site lately.
Yeah, I'm not going to agree it was Aliens, but it was Aliens.
With this one piece.. the Malaysian's will rebuild the plane and show exactly how the pilot crashed it on purpose
In water a part that is buoyant can float for a very long time out in sea before ending up as it is here today.Currents can take it under water at most times out there which makes it unseen
Great discovery, thank you Johnny Begue for notifying the proper authorities.
CIA and Kiev shot down this one too
Anton G : Are you Putin?
I left some debris in the toilet this morning
Well, there you have it. No wonder the plane crashed. It was missing part of its wing.
a price of the wing and one tattered suitcase wash up on the same beach on the same day??? you people are dumb as a box of rocks
Don't care about some stupid piece of plane not my problem not my mess to worry about.
Yet you seem to see the need to take your time to write a comment about it on this story...
May I say that Reunion is a hell of a lot closer to Diego Gracia than to Australia where they have been putting on such a show?!
Pilot looks at co pilot as they dive . Impact. The last thing to go thru their minds?! Their colons!!! Lol
Smart move to publicize it via the radio station first. Otherwise he might have taken a walk in the park like Vince Foster.
CIA lazered down this airplane to rid of Chinese spies who tried to flee with highly classified secret US documents.
The pilots were behind this tragedy.
Do people know how critical this is? If the supervisor of the beach cleaning team was a Bangla or a PRC foreign talent, what do you think would have happened? They would not have the presence of mind to connect the beach rubbish with the MH370. It would have been thrown away and no one would have noticed. It is only because Johnny Begue realised what it was, that the world can be notified and the part can be flown to Toulouse for the French lab to examine.
They will use it as a BBQ table
PRC will use it as a bed while Bangla will play music with it.
Ho, please lah why must you be so damn racist and look down on some people as if they are so stupid and you are smarter than them? I am very disappointed in you! You clearly have completely lost humanity, and common sense!
Ricohflex, you clearly are not grateful that these Bangladeshi and PRC workers are the ones building all the new malls and HDB flats in Singapore, and Condos, they are willing to earn little, else you guys have to pay even much more for your flats/condos if salaries were high for the workers...........shame on you for talking this way about them
I appreciate the Bangalas and PRCs working here ... But they came here for the money too !!! What I don't appreciate is the PAP G's Workers' Levy !!! The PAP G collects Workers' Levy from the employers and business owners ... The employers and business owners raise their prices to cover the Workers' Levy. These Workers' Levy are passed back to us ordinary Singaporeans to pay !!! Vote wisely in the coming general election !!!
The Diego Garcia connection is very strong.
KEEP THE BLACK BOX OUT OF THE GOVERNMENT'S DIRTY HANDS!!! Any fella with an IQ of 78 and above will know that the plane was flying ACROSS the Malaysia airspace toward Beijing. How on earth did it landed up in the totally OPPOSITE direction, and thousands of miles away from Beijing? The only explanation is: something had happened in that plane on that fateful day, and everything was recorded in that black box!
Glad you figured that out...I guess your IQ at a margin of 78 or close to that.
Yeah Dante...yeah...blame it on unmo. Jesus
Putumayam66, what has Umno fed you for you to come into my post and drop this online waste? Coconut meat?
"We are going out in the morning to start making a memorial. We will use stones and maybe plant some flowers at the site." "We want to show respect for the people who died," he said. good man
Clean your house before poking your nose into other ppl house.
At first I heard an innocent cleaner found it ,now a stone's collector.
A father, is also somebody's son !!! Unless the guy is born via artificial insemination !!! What a joke : A cleaner cannot also be a stone collector ?? Our PM used to hold the post of FM concurrently !!!
All this comments are sucks ppl are all just wasting their time ...in the end nothing has been done as per comment ...did u guys n gals realise these ? Do something worth instead.
Najib should pay Begue RM300 and get him going.
Just keep the debris away from M@l@ysi@n p*gs, just in case they lose it again...