Unfortunately in that parts of Indian Ocean is around 15000 feet. It takes a miracle to recover that black box.
Theoretically, debris from MH370 could be anywhere in the Indian Ocean. I would think that the East coast of Africa, Madagascar, The Seychelles archipelago, Reunion (where the flaperon presumably from MH370 was already found), and Mauritius, an island nation located several hundred miles east-northeast of Reunion, any of the Mascarene Islands, Comoros, an island nation located off the coast of Mozambique, and the island of Mayotte (which is a French territory, like Reunion, that is located northwest of Madagascar, but east of Comoros), would be the most likely places for any additional debris from MH370 to wash up, but it literally could be anywhere. I doubt that any debris found washed up on the shores of the Maldives would be from MH370, but as I said it really could turn up anywhere. I think it would perhaps be more likely that debris from MH370 would wash up on the shores of the islands of the Chagos Archipelago (also known as the British Indian Ocean Territory), which is south of the Maldives, and closer to Reunion, but that is just a guess. What I can be sure of is that there will be many, many reports of debris that will turn out to be completely unrelated to MH370, considering the amount of trash that sadly pollutes the World's oceans, and the extremely high publicity of this case. It should also be recalled that only parts of the plane that would float would ever be found on a beach, and most of MH370-including the black boxes-are sitting at the bottom of the ocean.
If the Economic Development and Tourist Boards of these islands are awake, they will all start putting out releases about debris, eye witness sightings and psychic identifications. Free publicity courtesy of the hyperventilating media.
If anyone cares to remember, there were eye witnesses in the Maldives who claimed having seen the aircraft around sunrise, very low in the sky, headed westerly, which were not taken seriously. Very explicit accounts. Its 1750 miles due west from where the aircraft was last painted on secondary radar. Somebody really was asleep at the wheel on all this.
And if I recall, the timing of those sightings would have put it slightly over the range of its fuel load.- for normal flight anyway.
No, it was carrying around 4+hours estimated at time of last painting. Its 3.5 to the Maldives at 500-550 mph.from last known point. . Less of course if flying below 10,000. No one's ever going to convince me that plane wasn't seen in the Maldives, the eye witness accounts were too comprehensive, right down to the red markings. Someone saw it.
Right, butbthe witnesses was made shut up by people of authority.
yes they were... quickly. Too quickly if you ask me..
They've been looking in the wrong place for over a year....I don't know why they didn't listen to the people who said they saw a plane in the Maldives...it's too weird to comprehend, unless the pilot committed suicide, and they want to keep it quiet.
Well said Jim. You must have read my mind. I too was/am curious why no one listened to the people of the Maldives. Something fishy going on?
Locals in Maldives saw big airplane, at dawn on March 08, with red strip on its body flying very low possibly to escape military radar, it was far away south from Male International airport, so radars didn't see the plane. This account was intentionally discarded. No doubt, all evidences that go against official version, will be eliminated. Officially, there are no " ghost " planes and the only missed plane is MH370.
Jim......the facts do not support your position. It makes for interesting conspiracy theory, but not scientifically possible. It is more plausible that the aircraft they saw early that morning was in fact a coast guard search and rescue aircraft.....also painted with red stripe. Remember that flight time from KL to the Maldives is less than 4 hours. If that was MH370, it would have been 3am, not 730-8am as reported. Satellite data confirms it was not possible. Sorry. You can hate the truth, but it still doesn't mean that it's not true.
@Chris...good information...but what about the oil rig man who stated positively that he saw the plane burn up in sight...He gave the coordinates as well. He stated them the day following the lost of the flight. If there were a fire on board, as I presume, given the large flammable battery content on board, then that would explain why the transponders turned off and the plane took several turns. An experienced pilot stated that he believed this were the case. And I believe it too. Those batteries were going to China. I have often wondered why the Chinese are so quite on this. And by the way, the oil rig worker was fired. He has continued to state what he believed he witnessed. I believe him as well. He is not some crackpot.
The last radar tag was after it was west of Medan, overwater, an hour and a half after it took off from Kuala..add 3.5 to that and you might just be looking at sunrise. factor in low altitude/low airspeed, I'd say its quite possible it was in fact the aircraft. We don't know if they slowed to 250 or 300, or what...they had plenty of fuel to clear 2000 miles, easy. Far as radar... I agree something should have picked it up but whatever they did see, those witnesses...those people were told by local authorities to shut their mouths. For whatever reason.
Maybe they went through a time warp.
What idiotic postings... The flight path of the aircraft was tracked by satellite and put it off the Australian coast thousands of miles from the Maldives. The Maldives are also some 2000 miles from Reunion Island. Please take out a map and educate yourselves.
The ALLEGED fuel load is irrelevant. Look at the capacity of the tanks and the range of the 777ER...ER means extended range. A great deal of planning and preparation went into seizing the aircraft. Yet the investigators are certain that the plane ran out of fuel. Why do they ASSUME that the plane had only the amount of fuel that the lying Malaysian government ALLEGES was on board?....Why? Because it fits the official narrative. This entire "investigation" is Of the liars, by the liars and for the liars.
Then how come you ain't found it yet there ace.. seems your technology may be a little oversold, overrated and just plain wrong. I think its fair to say most educated people know their geography enough to find these places on a map and they are also intelligent enough not to be over reliant on a yet unproven methodology that to date has generated...nada.. 2000 miles between the two locations, one, several thousand miles due north from your satellites best guess, the other well out to the NW several thousand miles from where the experts say it went down. I guess its possible the currents sent it all out into the Indian Ocean in several directions..its been a year, but I think its pretty naive to bet the farm on the satellite analysis being the only possibility. No one has yet to accurately map the currents in these oceans because they change seasonally and directionally. Lots of variables...and lots of eye witnesses...
The ocean where the plane is most likely is some 15000 feet deep. have you spent much time in the ocean? I have for 15 years and soon will cross the Indian Ocean to Mauritius. Unless you have spent time there you have no idea how difficult it is to find a plane in 1000's of square mile of very deep ocean.
Eye witnesses are the most unreliable sources of information. Eye witnesses in the Maldives reported the aircraft in an impossible location. Another saw a flaming aircraft in the South China sea. Hours later the missing aircraft was tracked by shore based radar 100's of miles away.
I do not think it was intentionally discarded. It's about bias. This report are coming from island people and with no radar to substrate they were ignored. I think an explosion happened over Vietnam waters as seen by the Australian on the oil rig. The plane kept flying until it crashed over the Maldives were the folks saw it. Over a year looking in the wrong place what a waste. The pilots are anyone else is guilty of sabotage. I believe this was an accident.
Yup here's an old article link. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/malaysia/10706853/MH370-Maldives-Islanders-claim-to-have-spotted-low-flying-jet.html
I don't believe it went in where they've been looking the last year, I don't believe several sightings were taking credibly, I don't believe the English woman on her yacht did not see it overhead on a westerly heading and I do believe its strange how the eyewitness claims were dismissed because it was as the SISIUTL boat commenter stated, in an impossible location. No radar ever painted that a/c once it headed out over the Indian Ocean, so the fact that radar in the Maldives never picked it up doesn't mean much to me either. With no transponders, it just a secondary hit and if it was that low, it wouldn't catch it anyway. The absolute trust in the radar technology is misleading and the blind faith in the satellite info is unproven yet, just the best they have to go on.
Now we might be getting somewhere. These people from the Maldives have been ignored for too long. The comments that implied that the islanders could have mistaken the 777 for a coast guard plane is just insulting. If we really want to know what happened we cannot ignore what these people have to say.
You are right Heinz. Instead of saying it is impossible for aircraft to seen in Maldives they should try to figure out the possibilities. Some experts in aircraft fuel and flight paths should look into this. It took 40 years until a hot summer to melt ice before those aircraft landing wheel and sofa seats to slide down the mountains, only then they finally figure out why the aircraft was found there, simply because the pilot was flying in the wrong direction this was one incident no one ever figure out. May be one day we would understand why it seems so impossible to believe the Maldives islanders.
Thank you to all who are trying to find this plane. I know you get some negative feed back, but know that there are those like me, that wish you luck. We know the plane is there, and hope we get a stroke of good luck, to find closure for so many families.
In the future, I wonder if Boeing will design the black box can automatically break away from main body of plane in case of accident, and make it float above water.
don't need that. just transmit gps location real time. like any cell phone with google. yeah, put a cell phone on every plane. that will do it. lord....
in that case what about all the cell phones that were already on the plane. can they be tracked?
GL, OK, cell phone solve the location problem, but you still need a device to record any thing wrong with the airplane.
So far, none of this new data is convincing.
I don;t get it ! What the big secret the wing was identified as part of the plane what about the cushions and water bottles have not heard one word about that ??????
I doubt all the passengers money stayed with them. I wonder how many 20 dollar bills were turned in.
Maldives no Maldives , you wanna tell me that RMAF ATC Radars didn't spot those idiots Malaysian pilots reversing course towards Africa over the Indian Ocean , then flying further for at least 4-5 hrs on a Westerly heading near Le Reunion Isl ,then none of the DOD satelites spotted the 777 in addition to the missing inflight maintainance sensors ...As I satted on all my posts the corrupt Malaysian Government covered up the facts , with great certainty in similar to Silkair and Egyptair , pilot suicide.
the plane could have crashed where they originally thought , near Australia , the current pattern brought the part found to Reunion months later !!
Haha...normally they would fool the locals, but this time the Malay people succeeded in fooling the world!!
not so quick to point fingers. You know how many thousands of flights are in the air at any given moment? It is impossible to track one plane only for its entire flight! there are usually more than radar contacts at any one screen at any given moment changing every couple seconds than traffic lights ....
It was always the Maldives. Eyewitness accounts were ignored. The airplane was reported to be low and flying west. Perhaps toward Addu and perhaps Gan, where it could be refueled. Probably crashed short of Addu.
Agree. The pieces found near the Maldives are probably "non floaters." The piece found near Reunion was a "floater," and could easily reach Reunion.
What a couple of idiots. Nothing factual in your rantings at all.
Go to google maps and put this position in, -0.275391, 73.425559 Can anyone tell me what is floating in the water? And when did Google place this photo?
didn't work for me showed nothing
FORTUNATELY, THE WRECKAGE IS NOT LOCATED AT IT'S INTENDED TARGET, DIEGO GARCIA, WHERE THE TERRORIST FLIGHT CREW WAS HEADED. OUTSTANDING JOB SHOOTING IT DOWN GUYS. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.
If you have shot it down then have the guts to own up!
If so good job, but if not blame it on who?
SO, they may have found a flapper on Reunion BIG DEAL, it could easily be dropped in the Indian Ocean by communists of china after blowing the jetliner over on south china sea. If people remember the chinese rig in the Vietnamese waters for couple of months, it was actually jetliner recovery phase by china in deep water; they didn't want anyone to know so they blocked all other ships in the region. Communists know what happened to the MH370.
You do know that George Bush had the plane blown up right? After all he made sure Obama was elected and he blew up the World trade centers..JUST 2 weeks ago a black Russian trawler was spotted dumping debris " of something mysterious" overboard.He is very close with Vladimier " Putie" Putin. there all in it together
How do I know for sure it crashed and it did not landed with people alive and the plane was tear up to pieces then spread across the Indian Ocean? Where is the people?
As you asked, "Where is the people?"...... You can dismantle and hide plane parts, but what do you do with the people?
Why? If the plane was torn up and spread across the Indian Ocean (quite a task), what would be the reason for keeping people for well over a year, with no demands being made? Seems like terrorists would be more like to get rid of the passengers and keep the plane. Unfortunately, I firmly believe the plane is at the bottom of the Indian Ocean and the passengers are long since dead.
It would not be the first time people go missing and unaccounted for in months to later on find they were held hostage for years w/o any news of it on press. This plane had unusual key passengers no one would need to ask for ransom as their knowledge is worth more than any ransom anyone could ask for.
Do we really need to ask what happened to human bodies in the ocean for over a year?? I won't say it because it would be too graphic
When the plane was shot down in the Ukraine, Russian first responders said that the bodies "Looked like they had been dead for days." There is still a missing plane... I hope it doesn't find me.
What was originally scripted for May 2, 2014 and illuminati were forced to postpone until now: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a 777: == The Obamessiah of the Obamanation of Desolation resurrects both "dead Osama" and the "missing Boeing 777". Most probably at Easter at the Holy Land, with his second and very last "terror attack using an airliner". Yet another parallelism, this time the illuminati anti-Bible about the resurrection of Christ. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
You should walk around with that big sign, "the end is near", lol
but then Frodo dropped the ring into the fire and everything was ok
I ALWAYS seem to know things after they happen
Playing with yourself too much can make you insane. Grandma was right again.
Have the divers from CNN arrived on scene yet?
So funny and very accurate and legit question lmao
They're encountering some technical problems. The news keeps breaking.
CNN has divers? Well, what did I expect? Have first hand reports of reporters from CNN 'creating' news in order to have something to say/print. Don't trust that branch of the media, or any of the rest in addition. Just once I would like to see/hear the actual facts without a political spin or slanted view of them. JUST ONCE!!!!
I hope they find the plane so that the families may rest.
amazing that not ONE "expert" even thought of the possibility of it washing ashore in these places. Not one.
don't you know how big the Indian ocean is ?
It was always stated debris would likely turn up on the coast of Africa or Madagascar. Reunion is tiny - it was a longshot that a piece of stuff would have happened to hit it.
but they just now started searching Africa and Madagascar?
They did talk about debris possibly washing ashore in East Africa or Madagascar. That's where some of the major currents head. But what good is talk 18 months before it happened?
wrong, it didnt all just show up, some has been there a while
WTH...!!!!???? I thought EVERY part of planes had an identifying number...So it takes weeks to read a number and cross check it...!!!???
Not all debris will be a part of the plane. Suitcases, shoes, blankets...all kinds of stuff might have floated.
Some are just painted on. But an assembly like a flaperon should have a tag fixed to it.....and maybe that tag got separated from the assembly.
They do have identifying numbers. But just like all automotive cylinder heads from the same engine model have the same number, so do airplane parts. Little to be gained in engraving a unique serial number on every part during the manufacturing process. What would be the point. Every manufacturer builds products as cheaply as possible. Unless there is a legal requirement to do this it isn't going to happen.
There is so much more to this story .
Give those French ships searching for debris....a side scanner sonar.
really ...you expect debris from MH370 on the ocean floor 4,000 km away from the crash area?
"MH370: Maldives Islanders claim to have spotted 'low-flying jet’" "Missing Malaysia Airlines plane may have been spotted over the Maldive Islands, it has emerged"-"The Telegraph" 18 March 2014
I remember when I was a kid my uncle would load us up in the old 57 chevy wagon and head to O'Hare to watch planes come - Right over us. and wow were they big when we looked up. If you see a plane as large as a 777 flying low -- You remember it for quite awhile.
Hope the Chinese will not require tickets for the Maldives.
if this plane crashed in the ocean there would be debris floating all over the place , I think this plane ditched in the water where part of the wing that was found , broke off , then sank in one piece !!!
Was it on its way to Giego Garcia ?
DIEGO..is now in the same place your going. You should have stayed silent.
I think that they're looking in the wrong place for that plane, since last year....perhaps, if they concentrate in the vicinity of the Maldives, and other surrounding areas, they may find it!!
of all the articles & comments I've been reading on this subject, I have to wonder if maybe the land reclamation issue currently causing tension in Asia might have a connection with mh370? not a conspiracy theory....just curiosity
can't help but wonder if there's something about that plane that Malaysia doesn't want found. Maybe illegal cargo?
FOX NEWS is out there now, "salting the mine" so it can get some good footage to cut to when Trump starts blabbing again.