I just read all this stuff about trafficing camps along the coast of Malaysia. Parts of the area are so dense with forests. I think they need to redirect the search to land. If that plane went down in area of these illegal camps there is no way they would have contacted anyone to tell them what they saw. They would have gone to the area pilffer what whats there and moved out. There are also witnesses who claim they saw a plane on fire and it was no where near the area being searched. What is with insistance that the plane is in that part fo the ocean? They have not even found a scrap of anything to show they are looking in the right place. Something would be there an have been found by now.
Malaysia doesn't want the plane to be found. It could be very embarrassing for them...
Commenters keep asking why Australia is involved. It started as an offer of help because Malaysia didnt have the resources to conduct the search and then it grew into an obligation.
how did an offer to help "grow into an obligation?" if those criticizing the effort think they can do a better job, they can give it a try and see what they find. where have YOU been?
Or, on the other side of the coin, the undersea exploration and mapping benefits Australia for a lot of potential reasons - as the closest country. And, Malaysia is jointly paying for it. Seems to me a good way to score some global goodwill points and get a 50% reduction in the price on seabed mapping.
Why is Australia doing this anyway? Wasn't it a Malaysian Airlines plane? As I understand it, the plane never crossed into Australian air space.
Malaysia didnt have the resources to search so AU offered to help. Its been said 10000 times. Where have you been?
@ Ray: Your statement caused me to reexamine the facts via Wiki MH 370. The Initial search in the ping area (Black Box) was done with less accurate equipment than was used later. They should redo the Ping Area. But Im sure, unless it is examined properly and slowly,that the aircraft disintegrated into small pieces that may be impossible to find. The wreckage could have drifted over such a large area that a casual search will not reveal anything. It will not leave a debris field like the Titanic. Also,the Black Box batteries had expired over a year before the crash.No aircraft should be allowed to fly without up to date Batteries.
Not Australia's problem. Should be Malaysia paying for it if it is to continue.
Like the Titanic, someday this craft will be found. Perhaps when the technology is greatly improved.
No where in this article does it say WHY Australia is paying for it. Remember reporters, who, what, when, where and why.
No.....thats been covered many many times in the past. Didnt you follow the news from the start? Malaysia didnt have the resources to search, AU offered to help, thats it.
at this point, it seems wasteful to continue. And why are Australian taxpayers paying for this? Not their plane, didn't takeoff from Australia.....Seems that Malaysia should foot the bill, maybe with help from China since they had the most citizens aboard...
Blame the searchers, right. To show how hard this in 1957 two planes from Travis Air Force Base bound for Hawaii went down nothing was ever found of either the search was extensive
They are looking in the wrong place. The tracking data is a ruse. The plane was headed for Diego Garcia in a terrorist attack and the US shot it down.
mh370 had the fuel to make it to North Korea and has the range and the capability to deliver nuclear weapons to the east coast or west coast of the United States. this plane has to be found.
Because, it would be easier for North Korea to hijack a plane, fly it under radar past several countries, create a cover story and diversion. As opposed to, I don't know, using one of their own commercial aircraft?
It was flown to destinations unknown by remote control hackers.
"Fugro is a big company but they don't have any experience in this kind of search and it's really a very specialized job," said Paul-Henry Nargeolet, a former French naval officer who was hired by France's air accident investigation agency BEA to co-ordinate the search and recovery of Air France Flight AF447 in 2009. The 'black boxes' from AF447 were not recovered for about 2 years. Nargeolet really shouldn't be a critic here.
Take a ship with the families of the lost and throw a wreath, have a ceremony and everyone go home. How is it possible no debris of the plane has washed up on any shore?
Indeed, not even one flotation device. Really makes you wonder if a flotation device can save your life
Gaia, look at the German wings plane and the debris associated with that crash, albeit it slammed into a side of a mountain, then the debris with the other plane that went into the water near Malaysia. Even if 370 fell out of the sky like a feather it would have broke up by now due to sea currents and oceans pressures. Debris would be strung out for miles. Oil slicks, bodies, suitcases and as you say flotation devices, Its not where their looking. Give it up already.
It didn't Crash , it was hijacked and landed on dry land. Future use unknown for this jetliner.
I guess i'll just wait for the made for tv movie
You're never gonna find anything after an alien abduction.
Then why isn't every jetliner on the planet missing ?
Glenda, 1 year of Earth time is equal to roughly 1/5 of a second in alien time. Therefore, they simply have not gotten around to grabbing another plane yet.
They may discover ancient shipwrecks, and dont forget the seabed mapping that will come of this.
Kudos to Australia for their perseverance to doggedly keep on searching.
All this time and money spent, and still no trace of the plane....it's a mystery, and I think, will remain a mystery, because they can't find it, after all this time.
Do you have any idea of how massive the area is we're talking about here? It's literally millions of square miles!
THATS WHY YOU WERE SENT THERE
I have heard several theories of where this plane is at, but can't really disclose it.
It ain't there, folks, they're still looking in the wrong place....I don't care how many millions of miles are out in the Indian Ocean, it's somewhere else, and will never be found.
Truth is it is a very small needle in a huge ocean and they only have the most general idea where to look. It will be a miracle if this airplane is ever found.
Too many satellites in the air watching the planet , there is no way they can't pin-point it's location. They know ! This Jet was Hijacked for unknown reason's.
Until someone finds something of this plane, I'll believe the aircraft was hijacked (maybe even by the Malaysian government), the passengers executed, the plane repainted, and all the gold now in someone else's hands.
People want to criticize Australia. Who else is even looking? And it wasn't Australia's plane! Critics can all STheFup.
If Australia is paying for the search, who is to question?
What's Brian Williams got to say about all this?, wasn't he there?
Do what I do when i lose something - stop looking for it and suddenly the lost object appears as i bonk myself on the head for not paying attention to something so obvious. The plane's probably parked in a hanger at a remote field in Western Australia by mistake.
They won't find it. IT will find US, but as a jet retrofitted as a WMD.
This search is still based on false assumptions. Should be searching for the plane on land....probably 100-150 nm of its last radar postion...when it was between Malaysia and Sumatra
After reading about the possible hacking of a United Airlines airliner by a security expert using his laptop to take over the planes controls, I believe MH370 was a failed hack job by either China or Russia.
Why would it have to be a FAILED hack job? The aircraft hasn't been located yet...
Just my opinion: I think it was a attempt to hi-jack the plane and hold it and the passengers hostage, or perhaps an attempt to prove it can be done, with the intent to hi-jack a high value plane, i.e. Air Force One, at a future date. As I said merely my opinion and conjecture.
The Australian government was nuts to take on the expense and time for this project. It was a Malaysian plane (government owned airline) and the vast majority of people onboard were Chinese. Where are the governments of Malaysia and China? To my knowledge there were no Australian nationals onboard and the plane did not go down in Australian waters. Why are the Australian taxpayers paying for this debacle?
Australia is honoring it's long standing commitment to conduct SAR operations in the area MH370 is suspected to have gone down. Malaysia and China are involved in the expenses for the reasons that you seem to understand.
@mfrmorrobay - Unless you're speaking on behalf of the Australia government I would find it hard to believe that Australia should be looking for an aircraft that went down in over ten thousand feet of water and a 1,000 miles from the Australia coast. Also, from the articles I have read China and Malaysia's contribution to the search has been paltry compared to what the taxpayers of Australia have provided.
Let China pay for it. Most of the passengers were from their country.
Not sure why this is Australia's responsibility to start with.
because they have the money .
because it takes your mind off the carbon tax and how much your Sydney house increased in price last month
It's not. They have volunteered to take this on--they have the resources. But it won't continue forever.
because they are a prison colony of the British
It's because the majority of the passengers onboard were Australians.
Whtthafuk------whtthafuk???? It's the year 2015. You misread some dates while studying Australia's history? I'll give you a break and assume that to be the case.
Where, OH WHERE is Theresa Caputo right now? We could sure use a world-class psychic! Funny how they never have anything to say about missing dead people.
a rethink into the way the mission is conducted. They have rethought this already. The plane was not hijacked. The plane is out of this world!
Liberal puppet masters don't like the idea of Australia standing their ground against islamics so they will keep pecking at them about anything they can dream up.
Sure, like what if the Aussies told Malaysia, "Hey, mate, it's your bleeding airplane, you do the searching." Instead, as a good neighbor should, the Aussies helped, more than any other nation. The criticize their efforts now, after a year of effort, is really a cheap shot.
That is what you do in politics, you shoot the plane down, and you lead the searching process. the truth is the plane was never lost. After 9/11 that is what happens, u hijack a plane, U get shot down. No body did wrong except for the two Iranians.
American aviator Amelia Earhart mysteriously disappeared while flying over the Pacific in 1937. Its BIG!
Wrong ocean. Go wash the dishes and get ready for bed you have school in the morning.
Earhart did disappear in the Pacific. I am sure Todd's point is that MH370 disappeared in the Indian Ocean. But they are both BIG!
You can't find a needle in the haystack if there is no needle to be found! Oh I am sure there are people out there that know exactly where the needle is and rather not tell and start a world wide panic! Hopefully they can find new things in the sea that will keep people working and paying for their families to survive, it just won't be a plane!
Seriously, if after 3 years they still could not find the wreck of the SS Minnow, what chance is there of finding this missing aircraft? I am beginning to believe that it really was never "missing", somebody just misplaced it. After they think about where they left it....an ah-ha moment. Just like lost car keys. I once misplaced my rental car in a parking garage, funny story.
Time to move on. I would think that the plane was hi-jacked...fly under radar to a terrorist destination where the passengers were all killed. The plane will show up agin used as a weapon similar to 9/11. I doubt it will be in the USA...probably Egypt.There...that is my 2 cents!
At least you admit that you are speculating as opposed what some of the "Illuminati" put on this message board.
WITH TODAY'S HIGH POWERED TECHNOLOGY, THERE ARE SATELLITES, WHICH THEY BOAST, CAN DETECT EVEN A NEEDLE ON THE SEA BED. ONLY CONCLUSION COULD BE THAT THE SEARCH WAS SHAMEFUL INCOMPETENCE OR A MAJOR COVERUP. IF IT WAS A COVERUP, THEN THOSE #$%$ INVOLVED SHOULD BE SENT TO NORTH KOREA FOR KIM JUNG Un TO USE THE ANTIAIRCRAFT GUNS LIKE WHAT HE DID TO HIS TOP DEFENCE PERSONNEL WHERE EVEN BODY PARTS COULDN'T BE RECOGNIZED.
Sigh... another Yahoo poster who doesn't understand that proper punctuation is visually easier to read than all caps.
The existent of Australia is purely to serve the interest of US america.otherwise, it is meaningless. The debris and the dead bodies of MH370 were immediately cleared after the shoot down by the US Navy at the very moment it plunged into the sea. therefore, the search of this ill fated plane by the Australia government is just a tool to cover up for the US conspiracy.Don't you realize there has not been any problem nor any man made chaos near to anything like the Middle east of which the US warmongo has difficulties to sleep. more over. the Muslim majority countries have had an easy time living on this planet in the south east Asia and did not post any immediate threats to their neighborhood. worst still, the US hegemony's biggest threats which is China are doing too good. all these so call Asia advantage is a pin in the ass for the US and the MH370 is only shot warning to some country which I don't want mention here...
Yuki, since you apparently know "the truth", are a member of the fabled Illuminati?
WATCH OUT DEBRIS IS NOT DUMPED IN THAT AREA....MIGHT BE WHY THEY WANT AUSTRALIA TO LOOK AGAIN
Why shout Rick? We can read lower-case font.
yuki- Neither you nor anyone else could "immediately clear" debri and bodies the moment it was "shot down." That defies the laws of physics. It's a laborious, time consuming project. Unless of course you are saying some magic boogeyman had control over how all the body parts and plane parts fell into the ocean and magically swept them up.
Since you guys are so excited, I would like to give some hints as how it works accordingly. This MH370 tragedy is just a fabricate of the one which was mistakenly shot down in Ukraine under the guidance of CIA. the right target is Putin's flight number but MAS appeared to be a real victim and Putin said Thank You. These were all pick up by a state of the art super equipment in China. does it give you a ring as why China starts the island building.......?
Yuki, until you cite your information source, everything you have posted can't be seen as anything more than wild speculation.
SYROMENTO....I DO APOLOGIZE FOR THE HIGH CAPS.....NEW COMPUTER DELIVERED TOMORROW WITH LUCK. LITTLE PEEZED OFF.
So how does this conspiracy theory sum up? U.S shot down plan makes Australia perform fake search and something or other bout Muslim countries?? Are u serious
It happened on the other side of the world and the U.S. is automatically to blame? We are the only evil element on the planet? I'm soooo tired of hearing this B.S.
@Yuki has been freebasing too much rice to know what the heck he is talking about.....
I've told ya several times now, to look in Travolta's private airplane hangar at his home. He and that tiny little scientologist Cruise had it high jacked and flown there. They needed to bring in more money for the scientology freaks, and are now extorting the passengers that were on the jet out of their worldly goods. Last chance, I won't be telling you again.
With all the spy satellites up there, you'd think one of them would have been following it.
Spy satellites have better things to monitor than the flight patterns of 40,000 commercial planes that fly each day...
I still wonder what the Diego Garcia base saw... or didn't see.
Nope, nobody recorded a thing that day.
Did the look in the hangers at Diego Garcia?
Chariots of the Gods snatched it out of the sky dude, for real. Chariots of the Gods! They're everywhere dude.
I heard it got hijacked and landed safely in some remote top secret base deep in the jungles of Central Africa. What become of the passengers on board, I couldn't tell you that. Maybe they are still alive and are being experimented on, or they some thing worse has happened to them.
How about looking into whether the plane was stolen by one of its crazy mooslim pilots and forced to land in some sympathetic place. The plane would have been loaded with explosives, possibly dirty nuke material, painted over to look like a friendly airliner, and crashed into a target. Inasmuch as planes like this require lots of timely upkeep such a plot, if it ever existed, is probably dead in the water. Planes never disappear without a trace.
I would say if they don't like the way it is being done they should take it over and pay for it themselves.
Boy, everybody is an expert on everything and whines and cries about everything
If they are reluctant to release the data, that says a lot.....
Why do so many worry about what other folks do with there time and money ?
They're under-employed, a lot of them...
@Limpy - As Long as It's NOT Mine, Let Them Spend!
we will send Obama over to help he is real transparent about everything mostly money maybe Hilary will come also she would just steal that little bit and move on LOL
They aren't going to find it until they start looking where it crashed.
come on people ! if it crashed into the sea there would have been some evidence found by now, something floating, something washed up ashore. an airplane is not a frickin dolphin ! somebody out there knows what happened, and somebody is making big money off it.
...as Taco said, plus perhaps debris will be found and identified in the future the scale involved here - thousands of miles of oceans and thousands of miles of distant coasts make pieces of even a large jetliner smaller than a needle in a haystack.
still, the odds are something, somewhere should have been found by now. we don't have all this technology for nothing. you can use a satellite to tell what color somebody's shoelaces are but you can't find a missing jetliner for a year ?
Well, Robert, what exactly are the odds? 10 to 1, 100 to 1, 1,000,000,000 to 1? Since you seem to know so much, give us an exact quote.
IT'S NOT THERE TO START WITH....TRY LOOKING NEAR THE ISLANDS .....THE ONE WITH THE MILITARY BASE... A COUPLE OF THOUSANDS OF KILOMETERS NORTH OF THE PRESENT SEARCH AREA... YUKI IS RIGHT....THEY SENT ALL COUNTRIES ON A WILD GOOSE CHASE WHILE THEY CLEANED UP THE DEBRIS.. IT ALL HAS TO DO WITH CERTAIN PEOPLE ON BOARD AND THE TECHNOLOGY THEY CARRIED... COULD NOT AFFORD TO LET THAT GO TO CHINA.. THE TECH COMMUNICATION WAS BETTER THAN WHAT USA HAD... BUT....THE USA HAD A CONTRACT WITH A DIFFERENT COMPANY....WHICH WAS INFERIOR
You are still shouting... So what is your source of information?
Rick, if your job entitles you to secret information, why are you violating your security clearance to broadcast this information? And why on such renowned, reliable forum as the Yahoo message board? Please learn the function of the shift key. Proper punctuation is visually easier to read than all caps.
MY DAY OFF....I WORK NOT LIKE SOME... I ENJOY READING THE NEWS AND SOME #$%$ YOU RIGHT... COFFEE SPILT ON HALF THE KEYBOARD.. NEED NEW COMPUTER ANYWAY
Did nothing on that plane float? How not one cushion or piece of clothing has been found blows my mind. I know the ocean is big but a year later, you would think something would have or could have washed up on a shore somewhere.
85 years from now, one man will still be searching. And they will someday find the plane. The titanic sank in the North Atlantic in like 1912, and the search area was a drop in the bucket compared to this mess. If you're over 50, don't expect seeing it found in your lifetime :)
Well, it took them a few months to find the Titanic after they started looking for her. But I agree, they will not find it, primarily because the pilot had a plan to make it extremely hard.
This thing won't ever be found, not because it is not there. The terrain and the depth. The suicidal pilot knew it is a great hiding place.
Look all you want. The plane didn't crash in the ocean!
Start from Square One... who said the plane landed there? There are no debris ... not a single one.... anywhere near the site. What a waste of public fund from the three countries.
A multi-million dollar jet has no GPS tracking?
Call Bob Ballard. He'll find it.
Wouldn't doubt he was consulted about this. It's troubling not knowing the facts of this disappearance.
It's so easy to for people to fall prey to this or that conspiracy theory. How we need a man of science and reason to solve its disappearance--for the sake of all of the families still waiting for their missing loved ones.
On the plane were several persons of interest....CEO's of major aircraft businesses AND two men that were involved with the making of the stealth fighter jets!!! And one report I read said plane had recently been repainted......... Coincidence.......hmmmmm!!!!
the Aussie found no trace of drugs so far !
"high-quality low-resolution mapping" ,,, still trying to make sense out of that.
I have no technical knowledge, but in a post 9\11 world-given the pilot's political stance-I think it was a defensive shootdown. Given the number of Chinese passengers,who would want to anger the biggest air force in the world?
they could look for that plane for a hundred years and not find it
In todays world, if they had no way of monitoring the movements of a unit the size of that,and I repeat, "todays world" they deserve to loose it.
I still blame the stupid muslims, only they could do such a thing like fly a plane into the abyss.. cant we just abolish that entire movement? how is it possible that people actually believe in all that nonsense anyway? so many #$%$!!
I think the plane got sucked into a time portal.you know like on the mini series lost.but what do I know.im just the 200 pound idiot in the room.
Possibly. But I wanna hear more about this theory, if u don't mind.
They are searching for E.T. not Mh370. Maybe they will find them both cross both fingers.
stop all the movie here. find the plane where it was parked somewhere at Deigo Garcia.
you will not find flight 370 because it was blown up by the cabal as flight 17. there were no dutch people on that flight.
Aussie led the world on a wild goose chase with Yankee behind it.
It was hijacked and it landed in Russia and is now buried...End of Story
X -FILES... Plane and all its passengers probably on some alien world now...maybe it's that shiny object they see on Ceres??
THEY NEVER GONNA FIND IT CAUSE ITS NOT IN THE OCEAN ITS OVER LAND SOMEWHERE AND SOMEONE OR SOME GROUP IS GETTING IT READY FOR ANOTHER 9/11 ATTACK. MAY BE THEY MIGHT NOT MISS WHITE HOUSE.