This is the strangest plane that disappeared in aviation history. How can it go missing with all those communication devices, internet, intranet, satellites, etc.. I am very sure it is the pilot, he did it in purpose but why? It is still unknown. Hope this mystery will be solved very soon and the plane found.
The more I try to understand how this happened, the less I understand.
& the "experts" do not understand any more than we do.
You are not supposed to understand. Your government and the state controlled media do not pay you to think. You are simply to live in fear and vote them more money so they have optimum power over your life. Do you not understand big government? Exactly! You are not supposed to understand.
Rod Serling rarely gives up his prey.
I think , therefore I am depressed. 4-8-15-16-23-42
maybe because it never happened.......remember the media makes you think one way but behind the scenes they are being manipulated.
I still wonder who was on the plane and hasn't been talked about. We can put a rover on Mars, at its' shortest distance it still 33 + million miles, and control it remotely but we can't find an airliner on our own planet? I'm not a technology geek but it just doesn't seem likely that with all our technology we can't find this thing. There appears to be a lot here that isn't being talked about. Listen to the voices but watch the hands!
its not the technology that is limited, but rather our need for privacy that has limited out technology. This plane would have been easier to find if more tracking was allowed on airplanes and video was allowed to directly stream to a computer and not to a black box...but again...privacy trumps technology
@ Victor. I what (real) world does privacy trump technology? Apparently you haven't heard of Edward Snowden. He made it abundantly clear that there is no privacy.
In order to get back to the Island the plane has to disappear! # LOST
I was watching LOST for the first time ever on Netflix when this plane went missing. I couldn't help but imagine something like that happening. Unrealistic, perhaps .. but still makes one wonder.
With todays technology we should be able to make black box batteries that run for months if not years.
todays technology, like that in the 787, may go up in flames!!
its hard to make an acoustic signaler, it requires a lot of energy compared to a EPIB type signaler . it would be better if the aircraft had a ejectable epirb device. they should still keep the black boxes as they are but just add the epirb.
With "today's" technology we probably could but this aircraft was built many years ago. Hopefully we will learn from this incident, like we have from so many other unfortunate one in the past, and outfit passenger aircraft with better tracking and locator devices.
@ ALAN - specially ones that cannot be disabled by the flight crew.
I can't help thinking that I believed the witnesses who saw this plane flying low over the Maldives the morning after it disappeared... Why are the authorities disregarding these witnesses..?
There were also witnesses on an oil rig off the coast of Vietnam.. All of these would have been followed up, and are probably incongruent in light of all of the other evidence that they have.
While I am seeing arguments about how we shouldn't expect the aircraft can't be found easily (vast ocean, too far from land for GPS or cell phone communication, looking in the wrong spot), I can't help but find it somewhat unbelieveable that in today's world of cameras everywhere, satellites and GPS tracking, we still cannot find this aircraft!
normally I would agree with you if this happened over land or near the coast. but this plane is suspected to be over a vast ocean , just as bad as crashing in the desert . except when a plane crashes into the ocean, it is submerged. many parts of the ocean are deeper than grand canyon . good luck finding that.
Well, if they do this right they can map entire areas of the ocean floor that have never been mapped before and people can actually benefit from that.
Yep, and probably a reason why the Australians don't really have a problem paying for some of this. They are basically getting a bunch of underwater work done at half price (hard to see how this data would have any benefit to Malaysia).
"Malaysia had so far spent about Aus$50 million (US$47 million) on the search and would match Australia's financial commitments in the tender costs for equipment." Where is China in this equasion? Why is Australia investing so much more than China? 153 Chinese (3 children) 38 Malaysians 7 Indonesians 6 Australians 5 Indians 4 French 3 Americans (2 children, 1 adult) 2 each from New Zealand, Ukraine and Canada One each from Russia, Taiwan, Italy, Netherlands and Austria (although both Italy and Austria deny any of their nationals were onboard) Stolen passports were used by two of the (Iranian?) passengers.
Because China decided to deal with it Hillary Clinton style and say: "What difference does it make, they are dead."
No one cares as there were only 3 Americans on board. No English. All the others were Aliens.
Please. That's like a tiny fraction of a drop in the bucket for them. You could literally kill a million Chinamen and it wouldn't make a difference, that's how many of them there are. And this is without taking into account that they think with a hive mind and see individuality as a genetic weakness
For the squints individual humans are disposable...just look at the coal mining safety and equipment record.
I know it's weird that the article didn't mention the Chinese, or the other 17 countries (US included) that were also involved in searching for the missing plane. But I also dislike ignorance. Thus, the quote you chose to base your conclusions on was merely stating a comparison between two countries contribution. If you research how much exactly China, or any other unmentioned countries that contributed, I'm sure you and some of these ignorant racists would retract your comments and replies.
With over a BILLION people, China isn't too interested that a mere 153 of their people died. About 35 babies are born in China every minute, so they make that up in about 4.37 minutes. Besides, like Manbearpig said, they're the Hillary Clinton response (as she did on Benghazi); "What difference does it make, they're dead."
Because the Chinese don;t waste money being sentimental. They know there is zero chance of finding this plane and there's no point in spending tens to hundreds of millions looking for a needle in a haystack.
as cruel as this may sound, what is 153? they got a lot more left...
No one in business really TRUSTS THE Chinese! They use their own people as slaves! Some young men work in hidden underground caves.. this is ALL they know...they are treated badly. They try to escape.... Some have gone so far as to leave messages in shipped items to other countries letting the outside world know they live in slavery since they were children! Now WHO is to blame? Countries having product made in China...shipping it to countries who's citizens want CHEAP PRICING! NOW how can WE who buy cheap stuff MADE IN CHINA HELP? IF we STOP BUYING ANYTHING that states: MADE IN CHINA... WE stop the buck and break their banks! ....we need to be harder working people and find uses for our own recycled: plastics, glass, paper and so on like the Chinese do with our leftovers... which will create jobs for our people.
@ Elmo.... the reason there are contracts is because no one in business trusts anyone else... its not unique to dealing with China... Open your eyes.. PLEASE!!
It may have gone in some kind of wormhole and is now in another dimension or on a very very distant planet. At best, on another planet they might be able to send signals with lights, flares, or mirrors, but those wouldn't be noticed for like thousands to millions of years later. I think they should form a new civilization on the other planet if it is hospitable.
Yup...New China. They'll be exporting cheap #$%$ to Earth and Earthlings will be out of jobs...including the Chinese
well, why not the illegals are doing it now. Let them all in, including Et's
I bought a model airplane of a Malaysian airliner. Now I can't find it!
It's on the seventh arc of #$%$ in your bathtub- there you will find it, underwater. !
I found a floater in my bathtub !!!!!!
It's in the southern Indian Ocean somewhere on the 7th arc.
One would think with today's satellite imagery and big data someone would know exactly where the plane went down. Apparently like Cell Phones, we still have Dead Zones with our satellite imagery.
Correct. Why would you have satellite imagery 24X7 (like security camera) coverage of the Southern Indian Ocean? This isn't really how it works anyway. Satellite images are excellent if train them on something that you want to look at - not so good for just randomly picking up things. In other words, the satellites of the planet are shooting still photos at points in time, they are not like security cameras covering the entire globe. IF you want to get some imagery of an area, you need to be pretty specific.
Conspiracy theorists are out again. It is parked somewhere. Almost 6 months into it. How much maintenance the plane requires before it flies again. Years from now it is still hidden. What kinda bull they have? Same folks also have conspiracy theories about MH17.
true, is southwest can do a turnaround in 15 minutes, then if this plane had landed, the people involved would have used it by now.
I'm kind of amazed that we had not already completely mapped the ocean floor all over the planet. It sounds like we have mapped a larger percentage of the moon than we have Earth!
Interesting point, but who is going to pay for it? If there is no economic value to the data, then there is no reason to do the mapping.
Supposedly there was no economic value to the moon landings, but it turned out there was. This is a case where we don't know what we don't know. Learning for the sake of learning is always a good investment.
After all of this, are they going to require and install, in all airlines multiple redundant GPS tracking devices that cannot be turned off by anyone? I mean you could pay for it probably with a dollar added to every ticket price,over time that would pay for all of it,up keep, maint., and all. You could make it where no pilot or anyone during the flight could get to it and shut it off. Seems no talk of that anymore.
The big question to your question is who are they. They meaning the FAA, yes, I think I heard talk that it is already underway. But the FAA can only mandate regulations for US carriers. Other countries have their own aviation authorities, so who knows what they will mandate. My guess is that many will, while still many will not.
Sure if you're in the US we can pass that law to require it here but can't say the same for every other country. It'd have to be an international law
probably not going to happen to every single plane on the planet i suppose is what I'm getting at.
The only way that would work is if it had its own battery backup as well. There ALWAYS has to be a method of electrical isolation. Without a circuit breaker somewhere, if there's a short inside the GPS tracker it could take down a large portion or all of the plane's electrical system. Even the black box data recorder has a circuit breaker to kill power to it; it just typically has battery backup so it can keep running for a certain amount of time.
What happens when the GPS shorts and starts burning with no way to turn it off?
@Don, wouldn't they have a fuse that would shut it off in case of a short? I would think that no piece of equipment can be on-board without without fire safety being dictated. But that would mean that it would be possible to shut it off by somebody on board.
It will add $100 to every ticket, $10 for the device and $ 90 for all the CEO's pockets
They should also put GPS tracking devices in everybody's foreheads too, just to make sure.
Why manbearpig? You carry a cellphone, which does the same thing and it doesn't cost them a penny.
It would certainly help to have that in most cases. The bottom line is that anyone who wanted to steal a plane or pull a stunt like this and make it disappear would figure out how to turn off the gps device.
@Don, I did not know pilots ran around turning things off that had shorted and started burning! Besides it does not have to be connected to the planes electrical system in any way or means. Stored in a fireproof box for those worried about a fire.
I'm still not convinced that the plane they claim they are searching for is the same one that disappeared.
It is so ridiculous that we can pinpoint the location of a vehicle to within 500 feet or so but we cannot know the path that an aircraft took, let alone know where it went down.
How about that other Malaysian airliner that was shot down in Ukraine? Surely by now the investigators, whoever they are, have at least determined if significant information was obtained from the "black boxes", and what type of weapon most likely brought the plane down as they examine the wreckage fragments they were allowed to salvage for more details.
Let me know when the actual plane is found, thank you.
Looking for this missing Jet in the south china sea by Mapping the sea floor(this is something that has been in the plans for years). This incident or a planned event...is just the fuel needed (monies needed) to Map the sea floor in an area of the world that has Never been Mapped before now. This is something to think about. In this new update we are told they have so far NOT found the missing plane..BUT has mapped the sea floor and have found volcano's and different highs in the sea floor. By the Aussie Gov't and the US Federal Govt. Those are the funding countries so stated... then those monies get earmarked to be used by anyone the gov'ts want....next... As taxpayers we all know this! As for the missing Jet with many lives aboard...If some of the passengers WERE tech spies for China which were listed on the manifest 38 people ( worked in the field of spyware technology)... There are those in this world who did not want them to go forward with their plans.. (so IF there was remote control of this aircraft) perhaps countries working together wanted this stopped. If that plane was landed it surely was done by remote Boeing has developed this for the Military! If those 38 passengers were a threat!!!!! to National Security around the world...those people would be 1) captured 2) interrogated,3) Never seen again,4) the rest of the passengers, unfortunately would be fodder for this. Anyone think this is possible...?????? The world may NEVER get the whole story and or the full truth of what has really happened. People DO their JOBS to keep others from doing great harm. PS It has been noted : the ocean is FULL of trash.. If this plane is ever found ...(It could be dumped somewhere in the South China Sea and found years later! In the meantime my heart goes out to those Innocents that died for this. They were the Martyrs. RIP
Several comments here are negative and hurtful. If your mom or father or child were on this plane I am sure you would want to know where it is. I know I would. Instead of making some stupid comments how about saying a prayer for the people that died and their families. thank you stang
Uhhhhh, praying for the dead does no good. Once you die you go to your eternal destination and your there for eternity. There is no half way point between Heaven or Hell and you don't get to move. Pray for the families still living that they can find rest and peace. Not knowing would be terrible.
Are there any competent people involved in the search for this plane?
duaaa......which way did it go..........which way did it go.........
Hey this should give CNN another 30 days of programing! The new Gun shot tapes have run its course!
Can somebody explain the bit about the satellite phone again. This makes no sense in the article.
commercial airliners carry a satellite phone for emergency's. the authority's tried to place a call to the phone, in hopes they were floating on the surface, in rafts. even though no one picked up, the satellite is able to at least get a general area where the phone was before the plane went down. this is a desperate measure, a needle in a hay stack wethin a hay stack.
Thanks, Mark. I wasn't aware that the act of trying to connect to a satellite phone somehow causes a ping from the phone to the satellite.
@ secretsauce - this happens with smartphones and even dumb phones with GPS. the " phone " company snoops on your location and ties it to your ads. that's why I always have my " location " services, Bluetooth, and WIFI disabled , when I am not using them. bonus, longer battery life. also, clear your cashe and cookies too.
"this happens with smartphones and even dumb phones with GPS." Yes, but they don't have to try to call the phone in order to track it. That's what was confusing to me.
I think they have done a great effort on this, but time to throw in the towel. Put any money allocated at this point to improving technology so the next one is easier to find.
such as a deployable epirb like device to signal the location.
just goes to show you nobodys real smart and we are still dumbbunnies trying to find a needle in a haystack.
When all previous theories come up completely wrong and no plane is found, they suddenly think up some completely different idea of where the plane may have gone. In other words, they have absolutely NO CLUE where this plane went and probably never will.
it is very sad that they haven't figured it out yet, but when they find them at least they can say they got to explore one of the last great frontier's on earth in the process. pretty interesting finding new, giant volcanoes on the ocean floor.
Even if they do recover the bodies they will probably be skeletons eaten away by some of Mother Nature's Creatures!
not likely, as there is no evidence that the plane broke up. might have simply sunk. composite aircraft like the 777 would hold together longer than a steel jet. and in the cold of the deep, in a sealed tube, there would be little decomp.
The point is they really don't know where it is.
could be at beta-centari by now.
What I would like to know is, why since they can't find a single trace of the plane why do just about all websites presume the passengers and crew are dead? In fact I even went to the triple 7 website and typed in the flight code number and it said "plane crashed in Indian Ocean, all crew and passengers dead" Are they even allowed to say that?
It's all above your pay-grade justin...it's a big ocean
Wow! Malaysia, the planes country of origin, is going to match the money Austraila spends. Now that is impressive!
Malaysia is actually a fairly rich country. Because of corruption, people see very little of it, but if you every visit Kuala Lumpur, you'll see how rich they are.
Every mile further south makes the chances of ever finding the aircraft less likely. Stormy seas limit the ability of towed arrays to be used and even ROV can't be launched or recovered in the rough water yet the further south you go the worse the weather.
Let's not forget that we're the only sentinel beings in the entire universe and that we're so smart that we fight and hate one another, We even get together and have mass killings and call it war. We are the most advanced and intelligent beings in all the universe. It's no other life forms any where else in the universe and we are 100% sure that no else one exist in this universe except us. Gosh we're so intelligent. We even worship money here, my aren't we smart! We're so smart that we've figured out that we live in a galaxy with billions of stars and that the sun is a star. Oh I forgot that it's billions of galaxies but we're so smart that we're sure if it was other sentinel beings we would be so much more smarter than them and they could never be more technologically superior because we're more intelligent that any living being in the universe. Gosh we're so smart, so smart that we hate one another based on race and we even made up religion so that we could feel superior to one another. We should be so proud of how smart we are!
the rest of us are smart enough to know how to spell the words we want to use to illustrate our points...
You write like a long haired kumbaya guy with a guitar.
Clearly the irony of ridiculing earth's inhabitants as not-so-smart after all is lost on someone who spells 'sentient' and 'sentinel.'
As a SENTIENT being, I concede that there may very well exist other SENTIENT beings that we simply haven't met yet....
Why does the truth hurt so much? The spelling issue is petty plus it's the conveying of the idea that's important. We are what we are. To ridicule is to prove one's superiority and by no means, my comment wasn't meant to infer negativity. We have a missing plane and we are exhausting all of our logical resources. Not saying that what happened to Flight MH370 requires intervention of another civilization outside of earth but all avenues should be pursued. .
Haven't you seen the posts on FB that show most people have the brain power to read something no matter how badly it is spelled. Maybe the ones #$%$ about spelling and grammar are the few dim bulbs that can't.
Mickey, i can overlook the spelling and sometimes the syntax but your comment makes no sense relative to the subject matter being discussed so the poor spelling and syntax make people believe you are a moron.
Still no mention of the "uninterruptable autopilot" which was equipped on this aircraft, and also the technology/equipment to control the aircraft remotely was in the cargo hold. China wanted this technology very badly, but were prevented getting their little copy-cat hands on it when the plane was taken to 30,000 feet and then the oxygen was cut off causing everyone on board to perish. Then it was landed and the cargo removed. Refueled then took off to land in a watery grave somewhere. Probably not anywhere near where they are searching...
HAAAAAA! Do you conspiracy nuts have a clubhouse?
I'm on the same page with you... I just posted my thoughts... We may never be told the truth about this incident or planned event! I find it interesting who was on the manifest...at least 38 could have been spies to use technology used in spyware around the world. Look at the iphones coming out of China... they had placed spyware in the items going to England... this is where I'm going with my thoughts on the missing plane... Some one knew WHO was on that flight and they knew they were a THREAT!
You guys need to move out of your moms basement and get a life. What's that?............. Oh, your mom is calling. Your Hot-Pockets must be done.
lets face it, unless some fisherman gets really lucky and snags a piece of this plane, it will probably never be found.
They've already said in one report that it is believed the pilot was responsible - they found the exact flight plan on his computer simulator that he had deleted. The one really obvious thing they just wrote off was the way the co-pilot signed off by just saying "alright, good night" - he was trying to tell them something was wrong. They kept saying that pilots are taught special code words if there is a problem so they didn't think anything of what the co-pilot had said, but the co-pilot couldn't use the codes as the pilot would know he was trying to warn them.
real last words: "Good night Malaysia three seven zero.”
Yes, Paul is correct. Also, they did not find the "exact flight plan" on his simulator. They apparently found flights landing on small island strips in the general area however
I keep coming back to the debris field. Where is the debris from the aircraft. There are so many things that float in a commercial aircraft. Why haven't we found anything? There was a satellite imaging firm that was working with non-visible wavelengths and reported to have "seen" the signature of a variety of the materials used in the plane and engines off the coast of India. To me that seems to be worth a cursory look.
Do you realize just how much junk is floating in the oceans? Even if they found debris today it's origination point would be impossible to calculate.
with the amount of money spent on this mystery, is a Mystery to me!
Well, I think we should at least analyze those things we don't know and narrow it down to a list of possible places it cannot be, so we can focus on the remaining areas where it could be. By doing this, and analyzing the sophisticated tracking equipment, we all know they use on these flights, we should be able to narrow it down to either the northern or southern hemispheres. This of course assumes we can safely say it IS even on the earth somewhere. Notes to self: 1) Get a boat if traveling is in the agenda, unless travel plans involve the Bermuda triangle in which case it's just better to not go at all. 2) Bring a large bag of bread crumbs on any trip, for obvious reasons.
Give the experts a jingle and offer your expertise. I'm sure they'll be thrilled to have it.
They're not really looking at all, there is something far more sinister at play here, and the stories they put out there is for us to take the bait and believe the plane was "lost". There is no way a plane would fly that far until it ran out of fuel on its own, that plane was commandeered and landed safely somewhere, the question remains where, something they will never tell us. Now that the trail is cold, they can basically put any story out there, and they are.
I agree with you 100% Mark, and ive said this since MH370 disappeared! Ive been saying its somewhere on an island. Im still saying that. These people are hopefully still alive and no way can a plane just DISAPPEAR into mid air with no trace with all the technology in this world today. If it DID go in the ocean, where is the debis? Its no where to be found! There is NONE and will never be! Someone knows of where it really is...question is WHO! I feel this plane will be used later on in some kind of terrorist attack as well - scary as it sounds. All this makes no sense what so ever how this disappeared! . Everyone kept looking and searching in the ocean and I was screaming at the tv saying LOOK ELSEWHERE ITS NOT THERE! ITS ON AN ISLAND SOMEWHERE! This is all just horrible! I feel sorry for all the people on the plane and all the families they have. There is no closure what so ever with all this for them. Its just an open horrible disaster! I feel for them all!
it may be parked next to the tooth fairy distribution warehouse
WANNA GP SNIFF AROUND DIAGO GARCIA .......GOOD PLACE TO MOT OMLY LAMD IT,,, BUT ,, ALSO TO HIDE IT ,,, INDEFINATELY ????
and remember..when the relatives first were told of the missing plane next day...they were calling their peoples cell phones on the plane...and the signal was connecting....so is that explainable?
zline9, And I agree with you, that plane is not at the bottom of the ocean, any ocean, that plane is intact somewhere but the human cargo is more than likely dead, not from an accident, but through murder. A plane that size will for sure break up when it hits the water of an ocean that isn't calm, it would have left both a debris and fuel trail hundreds of miles long, it's not like the plane that landed on the Hudson river where there were no waves, this plane supposedly crashed in the ocean, an ocean infamous for its rough water and monster waves. But I will never buy that, and neither do the families of the missing people on that flight, that was no disaster, it was no accident, it was planned to go "missing", and so it did. And now that nearly six months have passed, they can throw any story out there and hope the people will believe it, and many apparently do, other than the family of the missing people.
Another fairy tale conspiracy theory for those who want to seem smart but are too lazy to develop their own brains.
Governments have all the technology on the planet they use to spy on us they use for defense and they use for any situation imaginable but they can't locate or have no clue what happened to one jet full of over 200 people. Maybe if they spend less time being so paranoid and trying to spy on 6 billion people, they could actually solve more issues and cases of unsolved issues like a humungous passenger jet full of over 200 people disappearing.
Go find a pond. Toss in a BB. Then wait for midnight and go try to find it with Chopsticks. Then you may get an idea of the complexity of the Job.
so like if it had 100 people it would be harder to find? DR above has it right - it's amazing how many folks think just because we have computers, everything is under control and easily known?
Just as I expected, the conspiracy theorist whack jobs would be posting with wild theories!! Most likely scenario I saw put former by a former pilot. There was some kind of mechanical problem and pilot turned to land and the nearest airport. Either fire or the pilots pulling breakers disabled communications etc.. Fumes incapacitated the pilots and the plane kept going on autopilot to eventually disappear in to some of the deepest waters in very huge ocean. Of course, all these factors coming together at once was unlikely, but with the many tens of thousands of flights every day, the odds can catch up and make even very unlikely events happening a statistical likelihood. But the whack jobs conspiracy theorists will ALWAYS make EVERYTHING into some wild conspiracy (which of course, NEVER get exposed). They always make things more complex than they are and even can me. And while this mystery is not solved yet. The odds are overwhelming it will be something far less complex than the whack jobs are predicting (and of course, they will make the conclusion into another conspiracy).
Maybe it got beamed up by one of them flying sources. It could have got caught up in one of them Rips in the space time continuously like the Enterprise did and got sent back in time before there were airports to land on.
Plane had service bulletin re: satellite antenna mount stress fractures. Scenario: Fractures grow, antenna first thing to go (no communication condition noted). Next to go is cabin pressure, which would render everyone on board unconscious within 15 seconds. Pilots don oxygen masks and make emergency u-turn. Stress fractures continue to grow and eventually cause catastrophic airframe failure.
Implications of this mess.... 1. Defense radars were asleep or defective meaning that a piper cub or a B 52 could fly into Cambodia, Thailand, Burma, Bangladesh, KL, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Andaman Islands (India's), Maldives, and perhaps Diego Garcia WITH NO DETECTION. 2. Any of those nations, quite a list, should have had the plane on radar. 3. USA reputed satellite coverage was asleep, even though bragged on to Am. voters as able to watch and regularly watching birds mate on any place on Earth. Results.... either massive incompetence or cover up. No other conclusions possible. Do not tell me it went out of tracking range.... otherwise how does Flightradar24 on line show airplanes in very remote parts of the oceans, etc.?
you just HAD to show how stupid you really are.... look up the word TRANSPONDER.. then return to fisting yourself...
With the deception we are seeing within all governments of the world, we will, most likely, never know the fate of MH370.
You should take your blankie and go back to bed. Preschools isn't open for another couples of hours.
"........then return to fisting yourself..." Damn that's funny!
That jet still exists and it is going to be used in a 911 style attack. Those passengers are still alive and the terrorists are going to put them back on the plane and fly it to the U.S. and use the passengers as human shields. Obama will not have the guts to order it shot down because of the passengers and the jet will crash into another building. The time to attack the U.S. is now while we still have the dumbest, most radical, Islamic loving, terrorist supporting, America hating president we thought we would never have.
It's surprising to me how many people, myself included, that believe Greg to be correct on this. The target has probably already been chosen. Have you noticed that we almost never hear about Bin Laden's second in command lately ?
Great to see that the seriously crazy uber rightwingnuts are out in force today. Either take your meds, or stop taking them all at once.
this may just be the great mystery of our generation... along the same lines as DB Cooper. I'm just not sure we'll ever truly know what happened, even if they do find the plane.
Congress will form an exploratory committee to investigate the fate of MH370. it will report its findings to the Transportation and Infrastructure committee. After an exhausted study the report will be pass to the Science, Space, and Technology committee for further study. At this time congress recesses because is the month of August. When they comeback the appropriation committee will meet to fund the continuation of the inquire. When funded the Ethics committee will have to find out if it is ethical to continue. The home land security committee is getting itchy because it has been left out... the intelligence committee is fighting with home land security for a piece of the action... the infighting between the tea party and republicans and democrats and republicans, force the house to send the report/inquire to the senate which recommend a join session of congress with the president. The president cannot attend because is playing golf... the senate is getting ready for vacation and the house is still in the middle of infighting between the tea party and republicans. They leave for a well deserve vacation and MH370 has to wait.. Next year, they will have to start all over again.
We now know what we thought we didn't know before might not be correct. Further study of the facts that haven't been established are expected to confirm that we might be right about what we couldn't previously be sure we were wrong about.
Translated into Plain English: We know exactly where the plane is. We just can't admit it, because of political #$%$.
Hey You should write copy for politicians!
Yeah...No thank you. I prefer to keep my writing well away from Politics.
Ben Simpson yo are correct. I heard the exact same thing from my friend's brother's ex-girlfriend after she spoke with that guy from Peoria that new someone in England that was related to a distant, long lost second cousin thrice removed, that was originally from west Texas but moved to Panama in the early 60s because of wanting to become a fighter a decade later for Noriega and that really caught hell from his aunt that is my sister for doing such a dumb thing! :-)
You are right LCR. And that same person had to tag someone on Facebook because they knew someone's second cousin in high school that almost flew Malaysian Airlines one time.
Robert, I think that person used to live next door to someone on the other side of the tracks in a state back in New England, but ended up flying Virgin instead because he thought the name had a nice muslim ring to it.
"The detail came to light following further refinement of satellite data". Six months of having the brightest brains in the world review the data over and over again working round the clock and not one ph ki n g seat cushion. BS.
These people are just grasping at straws. The reality is they are looking for a needle in an infiante number of haystacks. Since they have no real idea "what happened" they stand little chance of ever finding the wreckage of MH-370. In a catch-22 situation, they cannot really find out "what happened" unless they do find the aircraft wreckage. The problem is, the Southern Indian Ocean where they think the plane went down is very deep, the bottom topography is uncharted, and the weather in the region is terrible most of the time. Lot of luck fellas, but I believe you would have a better chance of finding Amelia Earhart's plane than MH-370.
There is a place in the Southern Indian Ocean PERFECT for landing a plane of this size.
They have a better shot of rolling a 7 with one dice!
Puck must be an AOMI (Agent Of MisInformation) A person that dumb wouldn't even comment on stories like this.
maybe it was done in order to initiate a search for Osama Bin Laden's body? or in hopes they would stumble upon it??
Mike, did you read the article and have you been following this story from the get-go? What you said has been known from when the plane first disappeared. They are not claiming this is going to all of a sudden now become an easy task.
Cindy is right...noone with any technology has done anything useful ..except make us believe the plane must be in the worst place in the world to try and locate
Sept. 11 is coming soon. The plane will suddenly appear as it nears a high-interest target after it flies into U.S.airspace along known commercial flight corridors. Then President Zero will take at least two months to make a decision about what to do while he hits his driver another 100 yards.
he must have hit the cart path to get it that far.... you see those pathetic gym vids of him? a chicken's legs are broader than his arms
MH370 has disappeared and so have the recordings from MH17. Oh I know they have the recordings but they are not releasing them so they may as well not even exist. So much shady stuff going on now days.
I'm not much on conspiracy theories, but has anybody thought that maybe some aliens came and teleported that aircraft to their home planet and are presently anal probing them for the third time now? Why aliens do that is beyond my comprehension... Must be some kinky type of alien thing... Face it, that aircraft may never be found. Earth is not as large as some other planets. but it is large enough to hind an aircraft from the world's eye it seems. And we thing we are extremely intelligent...but can't find a needle in a hay stack. Amazing to think of what else we have no clue about that exist in front of our eyes on this planet!
How long are they going to keep this monumental sham going. With GPS, radar, military surveillance etc a plane completely vanishes. POOF. Five months, no trace. This will never be found because it isn't supposed to be found!
all passengers on the planes were fifthy rich, they lie lie lie
There is no airplane radar in the middle of the ocean. GPS is of no help in locating missing objects, unless they are broadcasting their location. And military surveillance focuses on points of military interest. The Indian Ocean is vast, empty, and not of normal interest. If you think the Indian Ocean is under 24x7 surveillance, like some sort of convenience store, you're wrong.
GPS only shows YOU where YOU are, it doesn't broadcast your location. Radar actually covers very little of the planet and is only in use by military. There is no military in the middle of the Indian Ocean just like there is none in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. Lastly, WHAT military surveillance? I've been out in the middle of the IO and there is NOTHING out there. You will literally see nothing for days. Very much like the movie Waterworld.
"It was "suggested to us that the aircraft may have turned south a little earlier than we had previously expected"? What the hell does that mean? As usual, both Australia and Malaysia are being less than truthful and super coy about what they are basing decisions upon. I still say, it is very difficult to find the plane in the southern Indian Ocean when the plane is not in the southern Indian ocean.
The Sage - Can you explain exactly what Australia would derive from being "super coy" about this? It wasn't Australia's plane, it didn't build it (except for maybe a few sub-components), it wasn't the intended destination and there were only a small number of its citizens on board. I think you need to get off to the cinema for another CGI movie and another ready-made conspiracy theory!
So, the sage, if it isn't in the southern indian ocean, where is it? You pop off about the fact that the authorities don't know what you are doing, but have some magic crystal ball somewhere?
Due to all the bad publicity Malaysia has officially changed the name of their state run airline to Pan AM. Their first flight #103 has yet to book a seat.
I'm not worried, CNN will find it eventually.
Or they will at least give us breaking news that they still haven't found it.
Where's Geraldo Rivera when we really need him?
Do we REALLY need Geraldo Rivera? I think not!
There are stories circulating that this plane was the sameone that was shot down in the Ukraine, since its the same type of plane and that the bodies found were dead for quite some time decomposing.
Would tie things up, wouldn't it. 'Fraid it's more complex than that tho.
But why would they hijack a plane to stage it when they can just work with Ukraine to frame Russia. Not saying that is what happened, but im just saying if it was a coverup that would be a really inefficient way to do it.
I heard it was the same aircraft the aliens used in WV to sexually abuse some drunk hillbilly.
when I read some guys comment that MH370 had some military new cargo stowed away ..on its way to China...and the plane was hijacked...it then made me wonder if China would have paid the ukraine guys to blast the next MH flight in retaliation for Malaysian airlines losing some very secret military equipment....but of course ...then I thought ...WHY retaliate in that way....? would Russia encourage China to pay that money...so Russia could go ahead and do its own agenda... as you can see...any theory seems crazy... but if you believe all these major govts are guilty of many previous atrocities ..then any bizarre theory can be considered.. thats where these CIA and other guys have us mere peasants over a barrel..cos if we try and believe bad things are not predesigned ..we look like suckers...and if we believe every incident is a conspiracy ..then we look like idiots
How many times have heard they turn east or they turn west now they turned south earlier than estimated. The commercial airline industry definitely need to upgrade their tracking features on airplanes. Its always about the bottom line versus the well being of passengers.
An improved tracking system would do nothing for the "well being" of these passengers. They are dead, end of story.
Without a "bottom line" there is no company. If you hate the airlines then make other travel arrangements.
Next time you fly think about what you two just answered and hope you flight doesn't get "diverted and suddenly lost" cretins.
Sadly, the whole search is a joke! With all the snooping around by satellites all over the sky, somebody knows and is not telling. In a few years, we'll know, wanna bet?
Well according to Russian news I'd suppose somebody from the Netherlands hijacked the plane so they could later fill it with corpses to crash near the border of Russia in the Donbas region of Ukraine. Just watch Russian News and then this mystery isn't that hard to figure out by just putting two and two together.
There are government agencies that know exactly what happened to MH370. The search team will be tipped with precise information on where to look at some point. My guess is that it'll come in the next couple of years.
Are normal people still watching this soap opera.
In this instance, no need to report speculation. Only report when you actually find something. The news of "over here, no over here, no over here, no over here, no over there, no over here", Is quite exhausting to keep up.
Basically they have no idea where it is.
4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42, EXECUTE.
What is highly suspicious is the lack of debris. There is NO debris from this airplane ANYWHERE!? If it landed in the water there would be debris. Period. End of story.
Australia and New Zealand... the only countries that seem to be care about finally finding this plane. Awesome countries. The rest go back to money-grubbing and deviance.
They have computer programs that supposedly can predict the earths weather patterns over the next century (all the global warming prediction programs), and yet they can't take the time to do the same with this? Those planes have enough solidified data that they should be able to determine all possibilities, and where it most likely would be. Yet somehow they keep changing their predictions, even half a year later. We know the jet streams, the plane's capabilities (how much fuel it had, at least part of its path was recorded, that takes a lot less variables than global weather which it seems every major science group has a program that predict. Seems more like they know something and they just don't want the plane to be found (as in something that would make their airline company look even worse than it already does)
Has NOTHING to do with the Airline...and EVERYTHING to do with who was on board.
Nonsense! weather prediction models work for days, not even a week ahead prediction is accurate. As for tracking the aircraft, do you know the altitude of the plane to calculate the effect of the jet stream? NO. Do you know the exact course? NO. Searching for an plane on the bottom of the ocean with it's topography is harder than finding a needle on the moon.
Brian, all the global warming evidence is done using programs that supposedly can predict what will be going on over the next 50-200 years. Honestly, they are mostly a bunch of garbage, just predicting one of millions of possibilities, they run simulations and pick the most shocking results to present. I'm not saying they could say exactly where it ended up. But they can determine all possibilities. I.e "if the plane was flying at 18,000 feet, in this specific direction, it could go at furthest this distance. If it went at 20,000 feet, the distance changes by X amount". It would be a large area, but it isn't something that would change every time someone different ran the simulations. The possible area would be extremely large, but you can eliminate a number of areas by eliminating where radar was active but not detecting them. Although it's entirely possible some groups have radar data they aren't making public. From the beginning it was clear that Malaysia air was giving people a runaround, and covering up some details.
Glad to see some progress and work being accomplished. I'm still hoping for a recovery of the aircraft and any remains. Such a sad case and very mysterious.
Don't worry, that plane will find us before we find it.
mysterious because it was masterminded by our leaders who aren't going to tell you the plot behind it, and why they pulled it off.
The reason they are claiming the plane may have turned south sooner is because when it was "lost on Malaysian active radar heading for it's next waypoint, it was already on India's active radar. The Us lied for India claiming it doesn't always turn it's radar on on Andaman Island to save money....LMAO! Morons will believe anything. HAr to say where the aircraft is now, but that night it was landed remotely at Veer Savarker Airport in Port Blair...exactly wher it was headed. When I suggested the plane was hijacked remotely at the time...I got a bunch of cr@p from trolls about tin foil hats. Wiki has recently changed its webpage for Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot (BUAP), now inferring it is installed on all Boeing aircraft. It also now has a disclaimer that the retrofitted planes can be hijacked from an outside source. Hardly, since the US Pentagon is the only ones with the specific encrypted codes for that aircraft, and you need VHF ground stations and/or satellite access to do this. Wonder why the 2000 experts on TV for thousands of hours never told you this plane could be remotely hijacked, and definitely was, given the circumstances? Because our lying terrorist US government did it again. Where's the media with the question and accusations? They're still licking on government penis from 9-11.
The plane made a u turn and was last seen over the Straight of Malacca where it disappeared off of Radar headed South West (so they say)....It could have turned north and headed to Andaman that is a short trip...but that is an international airport...hard to hide a plane there I would think.....I would side with it flying to a military base (B.I.O.T) where you have personnel that will stay quiet about things of that nature....but you could still be correct about Veer Savarker.
Uninterruptible auto pilot, what a joke. Anyone who believes in that #$%$ probably thinks the transformer movies were based on actual events.
Maybe they crashed farther south... or maybe it's the best game of hide and seek since Osama bin Laden!
If there is an American in that plane that owes taxes the IRS will find the airplane.
what are you talking about??? if anyone owing child support from California was on that plane, the state of California will find them and kick them until they cough up some cash, dead or not.
just pay yo taxes and child support. Prob solved. deadbeats.
unless of course they lose the email that says where it is...........................
777 is a very large aircraft and it's unreasonable not finding any piece of it for so long if it were in the ocean. Investigators should look at other possibilities. It might be clashed in a jungle, or it might not clash at all.
777 is tiny compared to the Indian Ocean. The ocean floor is more complex than the Himalaya mountains.
The clash was a solid band!
The plane #MH370 missing was all planed work...Who are they fooling? It will never been found because that is how they've planned it! I only pray that God give the family and loved ones of those that were on board the fortitude to bear their loss. #pray4MH370
Until Flight 370 is found and positively identified the possibility must be considered that the plane made it's way to Syria and will be used in a terrorist attack against the United States or some European country. In this scenario China would absolutely keep a low profile as they would back the North Koreans who have nuclear warheads but no missile program to deliver them. An alliance between ISIS and NK would bring together all of the elements needed to launch a nuclear attack on a major city in the US. Both ISIS and NK hate the US and both have made threats to bathe our country in blood. NK has even gone as far as to release propaganda video depicting a major US city in flames with a mushroom cloud above it.
Somebody's been reading Tom Clancy novels!
Wow!!! You can sell this as a great script for a 007 movie Floydr47.
That makes sense when you can buy an old working plane for a few dozen k dollars to use as a weapon if that's what you really want to do with one.
My People perish and die for lack of WISDOM. Prophet T.B.Joshua was the first to reveal all even when it had not happened.Now he said the plane was right under the sea,Location mentioned,yet the airline officials/embassy refused to pass information's.What a world we Live in without direction.God has not changed. We must repent and know that God has a PROPHET that could tell of Satan explorations through humans mistakes.God is still saying something through his anointed.THERE IS NO DOUBT.May God have mercy on MOTHER EARTH.
When an aircraft hits the water, there is a lot of floating wreckage, but none was ever found. The pilot practiced flying to remote landing fields, not killing himself. I think they need to look on the Asian subcontinent. One that is friendly to moselm pilots.
No terrorist group claimed responsibility for this mystery. Either because they have it and are going to use it, or this has nothing to do with terrorism.
Rick, I wish you would have mentioned that before.
I no longer believe it's in the ocean. But being taken apart and shipped to ISIS. There not one piece of evidence this plane went into the ocean., not one piece of metal, seat, clothing, luggage, toothbrush, absolutely nothing. By now, something would've floated to the surface and washed up. It will reappear in the side of or in a nuclear plant, some type of terror attack.
So you choose to dismiss the most likely scenario, based on too little evidence ... and accept a completely implausible scenario, with absolutely no evidence at all?
what a flipping waste of time and money trying to find this plane, these people are dead, many people homeless and out of work, starving etc, put all this time and money into helping the living stay alive,cant help the dead, they are beyond help
If the explanation that it went down in the ocean is true... Then, where is the wreckage. There is still debris from the tsunami that devastated Japan still washing up on shores to this day.. This makes no sense that there wouldn't be one shred of wreckage if a plane of that size went down.
we all know the airplane was electronically hi jacked and made to disappear because of the 4 engineers with some connection to a certain semi conductor company and the sensitive nature of that technology can be potentially used in anti stealth technology. Stop trying to give loose bits of information,a 200 ton airplane especially a state of the art modern 777 just does not vanish in the sky.Where is you IQ guys,you are this gullible?
no plane even a cesnar just dissapers
With 239 people aboard, and presumably 239 cell phones, it stands to reason that a few of those phones had GPS and were configured to get location updates from the constellation automatically. After reaching cruising altitude, most airlines permit passengers to fire up their electronic devices, triggering location updates, which raises the possibility that satellite query records exist that can be used to chart the planes location throughout the flight. If I owned a $250 million airplane, I'd need to know where it was every minute of the day. I would also want it equipped with a black box that FLOATS whenever it crossed open water. Another idea is to program the plane to also LAND itself, instead of simply letting it fly into the ground (or into the ocean), at the end of unpowered flight. 777's are ultra stable and glide nicely even with every system switched off (engines, avionics etc.), and no one behind the stick.
Cell phones don't actually communicate directly to Satellites. They use cellular data to simulate GPS tracking/guidance. No cell towers, No GPS tracking!
Except for the lack of cell towers for those phones to connect to, either that far asea or that high in altitude.....
Someone has to tell me why a jet like that, for a certain flight path, had so much more fuel. The seventh arc would require the plane travel with much more fuel than even a redundancy amount required for that original destination distance. And yes, how many times have people called for transponder and GPS not to be shut off by anyone? Is that so hard? Why allow pilots or anyone to shut it off, especially in this world we live in, with all the crackpots? Too much stupidity in this one. Governments are just terrible entities, and should be as small as possible. They are just so incompetent, all across the globe.
Don't jets start out with full fuel no matter what?
Regarding the transponder and GPS, many experts have stated that you do NOT want any electrical system or device on your plane that CANNOT be shut off by the pilot in event of an emergency (fire, etc.). If there is a way to design those systems such that a fire is impossible, then yes I would agree the pilot shouldn't be able to shut off, but until then, if an emergency like that occurs on a plane that I'M flying on...then yes I want the pilot to be able to what's necessary to make sure we live to fly again.
It make complete sense to be able to turn off [or "pull" the circuit protection (breaker)] on almost all electrical equipment. Electrical equipment does fail; if it fails and starts to burn ["catches on fire"] that is a dangerous in-flight emergency, and that malfunctioning equipment MUST be shut down immediately, or risk losing the aircraft. Do you think the electrics on a modern aircraft are "bullet-proof?" Consider Boeing's 777s battery problems...a state-of-the-art American-made aircraft, and yet it had/has battery problems that [at times] caused aircraft fires. [You don't hear too much about older aircraft, and electrical problems, because aircrews are trained to shut-down malfunctioning equipment...]. The possibility of malfunctioning electronics is unusual [more common than "rare"]; the possibility that "rogue elements" [evil flight crew/hijackers] may take control of an aircraft is very, very rare.
Sam, they carry enough fuel for the trip plus a reserve. It takes fuel to carry fuel which adds to operating costs. Jim, yes, all electrical circuits need overload protection, usually in the form of circuit breakers. However, GPS receivers have become so cheap that they could have easily been built into the engine satellite transponders that probably had to be left on for the engines to run. Bottom line is that the flight crew has control of the aircraft and if the flight crew wants to crash the plane they can.
Well Joseph...it is wasy for you to say that the stupid ones allow this to happen...after all it's all your stupid hindsight now is it? You have nothing more to contribute then SHUSSS!!!
maybe it just kept going up and up and it now approaching Mars? These people don't have a clue where that plane is.
So after all this time they still have nothing. All this technology and so called experts and they still can`t find a big commercial airliner.
this one got shot down too. the last transmission was minutes before it disappeared supposedly and all was well. if it was anything but foul play or a missile strike they would have made distress calls.
and if it was a missile...who would have fired it around that area...and why would the plane have not been annihilated right there..?
It's not near Diego Garcia. Don't look there. Waste of time to look near Diego Garcia.
Malaysia is obviously not ready to enter the 21st century yet. Its like giving an F-15 to a Piper Cub pilot. So their total incompetence is costing the rest of the world millions. What a waste! I am not at all surprised that their employees are quitting in droves. I know for sure I wouldn't step foot on one of their airplanes.
Why they stop talking about MH17? Uncomfortable truth came up?
MH370 taking up NEWS? I Guess ISIS Entering the United States, has not caught on as a bad thing yet.
Crashing into the Indian Ocean could all be #$%$. Possible the plane have been hijacked for this coming Sept 11 showtime. The venue, I think is not USA but some American buddies in the Middle East - Dubai!
Maybe it crashed in Antarctica and that would explain why no pieces of the plane were found. I know it's a long shot but they keep moving the possible crash site farther south.
With a PC and a keyboard , we now can always go back and change history. Even drum up civil war soldiers and stamp a medal of honor on them.
What an awesome amount of information we just received...
DUH!!! It may have done this, it may have done that, in fact it may have went to Disney World. All this armchair quarterbacking is counter ptoductive. It may very well be sitting on the tarmac in Russia. These little news snippets are not helping the family's of the passengers that are lost. If you have something concrete then say it, otherwise shut up.
This plane was shot down at Diego Garcia. If you extend the course of the plane after it deviated from its planned course and doubled back in a Southwest direction, that course takes it directly to Diego Garcia. What hijacker would waste time and fuel needlessly changing course? This was either a test of US resolve (to shoot down an attacking plane full of passengers), a test of US defenses at Diego Garcia or both. The two male Iranian passengers who boarded using stolen passports are a major "red flag" that the authorities hope the public forgets. Diego Garcia is the primary refueling/rearming station for US and UK ships patrolling The Persian Gulf, the front door of Iran. The Australians are solid allies of The US and have put on quite a wild goose chase to distract public attention and instill the belief that the plane is far away from Diego Garcia on the bottom of the Ocean.
Another equally viable theory: A gigantic alien mother ship from the constellation Ursa Major captured the airliner in a tractor beam and stored it in their equipment bay. The passengers were lobotomized and are now serving as slaves for their alien masters.
Donald, it is enviable the help you're providing both Alcoa and RJ Reynolds. Sadly, as of this writing, sales of aluminum foil have yet to increase enough to finance your hat factory. We suggest you continue your technique of hand making them from individual rolls of foil.
D, I've been to Diego Garcia twice. Have you? It's a rock in the middle of the ocean. Sorry to say but there's not much there to defend. You fail to provide any real logic for your conclusion. A rational person would conclude your comment is beyond goofy.
@Juergen, As you were. It's obvious you've never been there: "Welcome to Naval Support Facility Diego Garcia "One Island, One Team, One Mission" U.S. Navy Support Facility Diego Garcia provides logistic support to operational forces forward deployed to the Indian Ocean and Persian Gulf areas of responsibility in support of national policy objectives."
Nobody will ever know where this watery grave lies I do believe...
The plane will never be found because the people that actually could find the wreck do not want to find the wreck.
Remember all those people early on who were saying it landed at Diego Garcia, or Pakistan, or Somalia. Those were some fun comments to read.
hijacked by isis , went to 45,000 ft,depressurized passenger compartment, then droped below radar and took it to Syria, so it can be armed with weapons of mass destruction to be delivered to U.S. are one of our allies. Another airlinner has dissapered since MH370, That makes two.
Reading the comments it's amazing how many nut jobs still believe it was a gov't cover up, aliens took it, it was stolen, (insert conspiracy theory here). The most likely scenarios of things mundane are just not exciting enough, I guess. Planes crash. It happens.
It's a LOT more fun being a nut job...!
so right.now will you help me cover up the plane in my backyard?
@og. Can we fly in it first?
Well, it seems that flight MH370 may have turned south before taking off from Kuala-Lumpur...
Translation... we still don't know jack.
I thought it was strange how everything transpired, so I thought perhaps this could be a smoke screen to hide a hijacking of the plane. I searched the area via Google Earth for remote airfields that could handle an airliner that size and found two. One is located on Raui Island, east of Malaysia and the other on West Island, west of Malaysia. When the airliner turned southwest it was heading towards West Island and would have required another abrupt turn to the west at the mid point of the country of Malaysia and fly low to keep from being detected by radar. If there were any dark areas without radar, the pilots would know. And what would it take to bribe the air traffic controllers at either airport?
Ditto LOL! X-Hoosier, don't you love it!
Having an idea is better than having no ideas.
Rebecca, there has never been a lack of ideas. You are just not understanding the logical ones.
Second post of yours and still you have said absolutely nothing.
James...and the point being that the jet landed on one of these islands? Is everyone, all 239 people, there partying it up on the beaches?
James, you can be absolutely sure that every possible landing site for that plane has been scrutinized with a fine tooth comb. That's a BIG plane to hide. And then, there's the passengers... During the first week, that might have been possible and there was plenty of speculation that finally gave way to the truth that it crashed in the ocean.
Moderator, yes it is a common occurrence. They are used all the time, but not as frequently as an international airport, but enough that the natives would not become alarmed by it or think of it as something special.
Elmo, I thought about what they did with the passengers and how they hid the jet. I am guessing the passengers were dead before the plane landed by depressurized cabins and that pirates that plague that region of the world were either waiting to dismantle the jet on Raui Island and to haul off the scrap and engines by ship or we waiting to paint it, to replace the necessary electronics and to sell it to the drug cartel serving that region or to a terrorist group. If there was even one little piece of debris from the jet, I would say it crashed, but they could not find one spec of that jet using all the world's satellites, air forces and navies. And if you think the world intelligence networks have stopped looking for this, you are wrong. They are not looking as hard, but they still have their ears to the ground.
Elmo, no, I cannot be absolutely sure every landing strip in the area was covered with a fine tooth comb. Investigators do not look at all airports with a fine tooth comb, at least not at first, but they did call them. The fine tooth comb investigation didn't come until later. Which would give pirates enough time to dismantle the jet and to ship it off to the buyer in pieces.
This plane will be found, when it's being chased by our fighter pilots to shoot it out of the sky. That plane was highjacked, passengers killed, and is now sitting in a hanger somewhere loaded with explosives waiting to attack.
I don't understand how they can "still be getting information". Where is this information coming from?
I cannot believe that in this day and age, a plane can be hijacked and the whereabouts of it is STILL to this day is unknown. HOW?!?! I just can't see how a plane can just disappear off the radar but it is possible... You can fly 'under the radar', especially while over large expanses of water. Radars send out radio waves to detect objects in the air, but it can't see things that are too low to the ground as it has to have clear line of sight to the object its tracking. This means that over land, a radar on one side of a large hill for example, wouldnt be able to see an object on the other side as the radio waves cant travel through the hil. Radar is effective for tracking aircraft as they are up in the air with no obstacles between them and the radar. When it comes to tracking over water, radar INSTALLATIONS are often positioned on coastlines to make them most effective, but they still have blind spots at low altitute. At sea level, even if there are no other obstacles in the way (islands etc), radars can only see so far, as the curvature of the earth means that after so many miles the horizon drops away. Radars are also not used to look that low down anyway due to all the maritime traffic etc. This makes it possible to make an aircraft 'disappear' from radar, although they would have to fly very low (maybe below 1000 feet, possibly lower even that 500 ft). In order to get a 777 down that low and fly it effectively for an extended period of time, you would need a very experienced captian and probably co pilot. I would also say they would need military flying experience to pull something like that off. So, if this is what happened, I would absolutely expect the crew to be in on it. Even if someone burst into the cockpit and put a gun to your head, one flick of a switch can turn the transponder to an EMERGENCY hijack code, so without the hijacker noticing, you can start squalking an emergency code. The only way I can see this not happening is if the pilots intentionally turned the transponder off. The theory about depressurisation is a valid one (it happened before with an aircraft flying over Greece if I remember correctly), but as you say it would likely have strayed into airspace where they were at least visible to radar. And unconsious pilots cant deactivate transponders. This is too weird. I can't believe this even happened.
This is in Malaysia, its a 3rd world country. I believe it could happen. The regulations are not nearly as strict or as honored in a country like that and really anything could have happened.
Damn, I can't believe you wrote all of that!
Rade, first you can't believe it could happen and then you explain how it happened.
There are portions of the world which are not fully monitored by defense force radars, but they have to have more clues than they are divulging because the US and Australia use over the horizon radar to monitor air and radio traffic out of Southeast Asia and the plane should have left a digital signature of some type. But that might only put you within a couple hundred miles of the crash location. Lets see how lucky they are over the next few months as the weather improves.
Ever hear of OTH (over the horizon) radar. I know for a fact that Russia has it, and it is good for several thousand miles. Its effectiveness is secret of course, but if pressure was put to bear, there may be some valuable info available there.
someone mentioned in a blog that it would have been possible ...when the plane had "mysteriously" turned back toward Malaysia..for that MH flight to have moved in behind a Singapore airlines flight that was en route North west..and that blog guy said then..for ground radar...the 2 planes would have still appeared as one radar signature..
Unless the radar was at a very long distance the two planes together would show an abnormally large radar signature, This is a very old trick which smugglers make use of and the government agencies school to detect it. Next to impossible to easily do with two airliners they are just too large.
I still can't believe that without that slightest bit of evidence people can conclude it was hijacked and landed elsewhere. Must be that tin foil hat smarts.
"Further refinement" of sattelite data - in other words, the data was there the whole time and they just got to it.
its so ridiculous, the flight path was headed away from Australia, how would it in fact have gone the complete other direction? This might be the most idiotic search ever performed. Its almost like they are trying to not look in the correct area on purpose. Why would a northbound flight have suddenly appeared off the southern part of Australia? It makes zero sense. The satellite could have followed something completely different than MH370, and that may be the reason why nothing in the Australia region has ever floated up to the surface from this plane. The next thing you know, they will have data speculating on a possiblity that the crash ended up in Lake Tahoe.
I think you're behind it somehow
Yes, D R, confess NOW. What have you done with the jet and all the people on board?
D R, it doesn't sound as if you've been following this story from day one.
Typically, when one wants to head away from the current heading, they execute a maneuver commonly known as "turning around."
Ive seen the one flight path which has been widely shown online. It then stops transmitting. It never at any times shows the flight heading anywhere near Australia. No one else has been able to show any other flight path yet the search is there. A satellite could have picked up any other flying object and mistook it for MH370. If they could match ACARS to the flight path it would make sense, but they cant.
judging by the thumbs down, apparently 7 people think they know where the plane is despite not a trace of it being found near Australia.
It's a big ocean with a lot of trash in it. The likelihood of finding any wreckage is extremely small. It has been time to stop looking and wasting money for a long time now.
Try telling that to a family member of a passenger on that flight !!!
I feel for the families but how does that justify 10s of millions of dollars. Lots of people die for reasons never understood and we stop investigating long before that amount of money is spent.
I think I MIGHT have left my coffee mug besides my monitor at work. But, ahhhh, who knows!!
You really need to install a black box to that coffee mug of yours.
It may also have turned north and continued a westerly flight to some country that ends with . . . stan.
military radar in that region would have detected it right away. there is no radar coverage in the southern indian ocean.
We put a remote control on Mars and operated it from earth but we cant locate a missing plane on our own planet?
Titanic lay hidden under miles of water for decades.
We didn't put a remote control car on Mars when the Titanic sunk.
Let's see... Putting a remotely controlled device on a neighboring planet versus searching depths which hereunto have been virtually unexplored and undiscovered. Nope - don't see the connection...
Listen there are three things that are definite: 1. The plane took off 2. It never arrived at it's destination 3. Malaysian Authorities are a bunch of idiots Everything else is just pure speculation
You are not going to find any wreckage because it didn't crash. It landed at Diego Garcia.
Yep, you keep looking for that plane out in the water, unfortunately it's somewhere west or north, in the hands of some sort of extremist.
The Brits told in July they needed 48 hours do encode the flight recorders No reports from flight controllers provided yet. Russian MoD wonders why there was a fighter jet close to it. Only Malaysian papers are interested why there are entry and exit holes in the same place.
Yeah, it is probably located on the seventh arc... of the Twilight Zone!.
the location of the 7th arc, I was thinking more of The Outer Limits
How about Raiders of the LOST Arc
On September 3, 2007, Fossett was reported missing after the plane he was flying over the Great Basin Desert in Nevada failed to return.[2] Despite a month of searches by the Civil Air Patrol (CAP) and others, Fossett could not be found and the search by CAP was called off on October 2, 2007. Privately funded and privately directed search efforts continued, however, but after a request from Fossett's wife, he was declared legally dead on February 15, 2008. On September 29, 2008, a hiker found Fossett's identification cards in the Sierra Nevada Mountains in California, and the crash site was discovered on October 1, 2008, 65 miles (100 km) due south from Flying-M Ranch where he took off, and 5.3 miles (8.5 km) due west (282 degrees) of Mammoth Mountain Ski Area's base operations, although his remains were not initially found. On November 3, 2008, tests conducted on two bones recovered about one-half mile (0.8 km) from the site of the crash produced a match to Fossett's DNA.
Tom, I was going to say the exact thing. You beat me.
You sure he is not skiing on Mammoth? #$%$ was your point that had to take you 15 minutes to write???
Iron, so then you are saying this Fossett character was reincarnated and to #$%$ off the whole world he hijacked the Malaysian flight because he really wanted to make searchers work even harder this time to punish them for not finding him? Fascinating theory! Got it! I am now a believer. Oh, and Greg, I too like cheese! :-)
Iron, I don't think people realize how hard it is to spot things from the air.
This investigation has been headed south since day one.
Ha ha ha ha. Post of the month, Daniel!
Guys, you keep looking and let us know when you find it. No more hot reports, just find it, the world has moved on. No one cares anymore except the families and loved ones.
Why don't they ask one of those quack psychics like Chip Coffey where this plane is? He probably knows about as much as these experts do.
It's hard to tell one Malaysian Airlines crash from another anymore.
Some old story of WHERE the plane is, come clean authorities. The truth is the authorities have no DAMN clue where the plane is.
Apparently not. The authorities said several times where the wreck was, Guess what, not there.
And still no wreckage of any kind!! This plane has been hijacked and the passengers are either dead, being held hostage, or sold as slaves since a lot of third world and Middle Eastern Countries still condone slavery! Soon that plane will be used as a weapon against the USA with ISIS, Al Quaeda, and/or Jihadists will claim responsibility!!
MH370 is somewhere on planet Earth. That's what they know for sure but it's taken these genius's months to even find that out.
Save the money looking for something your not going to find,,, Just give it to the relatives.
With thousands of satellites on space, it strange that no one catch the image. Yet US satellite can see the origin of a tiny rocket being shoot.
Well let's go on another spin Maybe some day they will tell us the truth.
Maybe there was something on board that was not supposed to arrive at destination? Oops, NSA is watching, I am in trouble, But how come the powerful radars of Diego Garcia US base did not see anything ? Question unanswered
you really do need to examine a globe.... then look at where MH370 took off from, it's intended flight path, it's suspected flightpath, where DG is located... and then go back to self-sucking...
Erik, it might have landed there !!
you continue to SHOUT your idiocy...
It is physically impossible for a plane to crash on land or water without leaving wreckage. Whether it is in Pennsylvania, the Pentagon, or the Indian Ocean, if a plane crashed there would be wreckage. Of course, no wreckage was found at any of those places, so the question remains; "where are those planes"?
Not true. Did you hear about the Hudson River plane a few years ago?
Just like people don't understand the age of the earth, they don't understand just how big the oceans are.
Lisa, that wasn't an uncontrolled crash. That was a skilled landing that prevented a crash. Big difference.
Alan, then perhaps you have answered yourself....one theory written up(not mine) has the pilot, after hijacking the plane and snuffing everyone out with lack of oxygen, belly landing the jet and letting it sink to the bottom intact - theory is not disputed by current facts at least since no wreckage or debris has been found....ocean can be pretty calm late at night or in wee hours of morning.......
a modern commercial jet could slip into the ocean at the correct speed and angle, so as to not cause any structural failure, and all the vents left open , so as to let water into the cockpit and cabin . there would not be much if any sign of the plane, until many years later as the hull degrades to the point of failure, and stuff begins to float out. but it could be many many years as the 777 is mostly composite, it does not fail or rust like steel does.
Did they ever find Amelia Earhart's plane, yet?
The reason for unsuccessful searches MH370 is the zionists-fascists-terrorists have withdrawn "black boxes" before leaving the airplane through the hatch "NO STEP". Need to check whether there is a jumper on the connector of the "black box" to block signals. Need to check who was a parachutist on flights MH370 and MH17. Need to check satellite images of the Pentagon (if the zionists-fascists more to come erased) on the subject parachutes and draperies salons which when thermobaric explosion in the cargo compartment is separates from the fuselage.
You really are dumb aren't you?
Adjust your antennae to the north for better reception.
Vladimir, you really need to return to mother Russia. The West obviously moves too fast for your thought processes. Thanks for stopping by our lovely nation!
From wiki: "The Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot (BUAP), is a system designed to take control of a commercial aircraft away from the pilot or flight crew, chiefly in the event of a hijacking, and allow the craft to be remotely controlled to a landing at a designated airstrip. The action can be initiated either by crew or by government entities on the ground........ ...Contract for the system was awarded in 2006.[1] Installation began in 2007 with full implementation in Boeing craft anticipated by 2009. However, the retroactive nature of the integration with key original craft systems prompted the manufacturer, the Boeing Corporation, to make disclaimers that it could no longer assure the craft could not in effect be hacked by non-authorized entities:" Duh.... who hijacked this aircraft? The only one's who could have...our US government.
Maserati, you are one serious nincompoop.
Some land based installation, civil or military, would have caught them on radar as they approached land. If they flew farther out to sea, odds are they would not have been seen unless followed (by radar).
They did Uh Boy...India from Andaman Island had the m on radar where it was remotely landed. India skirted the question of radar , and our US government lied for them stating India doesn't always turn their radar on to save money! LMFAO. Our media never even questioned such BS
Yesterday I read a very disturbing article interviewing a US General who was saying we could be "hit" on this upcoming Nov. 11th with this missing plane. Needless to say this sent chills up my back.
Yeah right. What Model Tin Foil hat did the author of that "blog" where?
Malaysia flight 17 was reported to have already decomposing bodies when it was found after being shot down. The Big boys will try nearly anything to hide the truth. It would not surprise anyone at this point if it was really MH370.
Hmmmm.....Hijack MH370....take it to a remote locale....do what you need to do...switch the plane over to MH17...take it back to malaysia...fake a boarding....put it back into the air and blow it out the sky....I can see that.
If debris from a tsunami can travel from Japan to the states then certainly large fragments from a 777 would find its way on shore on some island or floating in the frozen waters near Antarctica. I just have a hard time believing that a plane can just vanish without a trace so either they are searching in the wrong area or this plane never touched water.
Were any of the passengers able to use their cell phones after the last communication from the pilot?
Do you really think the plane was withing 3 miles of a cell tower in the middle of the ocean? . Do you really think if they had that no one would have reported or investigated?
So in other words, NO. Do satellite phones work that far away from land? People are really mean, no wonder they get shot or shoot other people.
No one has any idea where that plane went, it could have been blown into a million pieces by someone's submarine.
The hoax about your alleged education?
So let me get this straight; a group of governments get together and convince the "give-me-new-news-every-second" generation of media consumers some wild fairytale about a commercial AC just falling off the face of the plant and the biggest argument on this comments page seems to be a combination of the merits of the effectiveness of a GPS tracking system devoid of the ability to use the "on/off" switch and whether or not bodies will float to the surface of "the ocean" after six months. Holy Wag the Dog! I see a few glimmers of hope out there questioning the reality of the situation, but the vast majority seem content to swallow the scenario and simply debate the merits of "maybe's" and "could have's." So without getting into the "who the hell are you" and "how the hell would you know" follow-on questions that are sure to litter the responses to this comment, riddle me this, What do all countries involved in this "search" have to gain from the story being shoveled by the mainstream media outlets across the globe? Don't know? There is your answer first and foremost. Not one single FACT regarding the location of this AC or the souls aboard has been provided by ANYONE. Find me one! No surety about the heading, altitude, last known ping location. Come on people! I'm sure 99% of the passengers on-board that flight had some sort of mobile device and your going to convince me that a major international airline lost COMPLETE CONTACT with a packed AC and NO ONE grabbed a passenger or crew manifest and contacted a cell phone provider to activate the locate function that ALL OF OUR PHONES HAVE! No one on that plane was tacking their movement via GPS? Hell, the last time I flew from Phoenix, AZ USA to Kirtland Air Force Base in Albuquerque, New Mexico (a 45 minute hop) I saw three individual civilian passengers in just the two ro three rows ahead of me that I could see tracking our flights progress via GPS! You're telling me no one on that flight noticed, "Aren't we heading the wrong cardinal direction?" Come on! Really!?!?! No one noticed and got a call out? No one of the more than 200 potential contacting parties called a mom, dad. brother, sister, the airline, INTERPOL, 9-11, a priest, a Rabbi, no one?!?!??! We are really going to just lie back and say, "Ya, ok we believe you that you lost a plane. No problem, Just don't do it again ok. Really! What would be so bad that you would have countries like Australia and China willing to put their country's name together in a massive conspiracy to cover up the facts and events of that flight? Just put your thinking caps on for a minute and ask yourself why. Why would China, Malasia, the USA and Australia all come together and lie to the WORLD population about the events of this flight? Why!?!?!? What facts or information would be so disturbing, so potentially socially destabilizing that these rather political adversaries and flat out enemies would come together and agree that a policy of complete stonewalled, fact-less, BS was the best way to go? If someone accidentally shot her down there would unilateral support for the BS, maybe bilateral, but complete and utter agreement that we know nothing! From all these major international political powerhouses and no one thinks that's the strangest thing since someone said the world is not flat?!?!? Come on! China would rather just make stuff up before admitting they didn't know something. I've personally seen it. Their political attaches will just go with whatever pops into their minds at the moment the question is asked and then, BOOM, it becomes Chinese fact. Malaysia is no big player, but Australia is no slouch when it comes to national defense and I'm guessing that one of their multiple AC/missile/UAC warning systems would have picked up a Boeing Triple 7 and said, why the hell is this here?" Yes, even in the middle of "the ocean" I'm sure the AUssie's would have noticed. The US, we have satellites so powerful we can read the magazine you're reading from space (Truthfully, not really THAT far in the grand scheme of distances, but pretty dang far none the less) and you're telling me that we cannot see a debris field from a 777 that crashed into the ocean during an trans oceanic flight with over 200 passengers and crew aboard, luggage and all? If you have not figured out my point thus far it is hopeless. You know its all BS and so do I because I wrote it and you have the intellectual attention span to read it. Now, what the hell are they (we) all covering for here? Any thoughts? ;-)
it's a fly by wire. it could have been stolen using a script sent in a backdoor by any thumb drive jacked in to any port anywhere in the a/c. one would think the engine telemetry link would have recorded the engines running out of fuel
and venting the O2 at altitude renders the people unable to do anything but panic about not being able to breathe. a sedative would work even faster.
mr_falbo I think you are on the right track sir! Some flyers do not even know that the possibility exists. Scary stuff!
firstly telephones only have limited range and when it out of range which is basically insight of land there will be no contact it was at night so the passengers were asleep while australia is not an enemy of china it is firmly in the anglosphere alliance it will do nothing for the chinese under the table australia has quite good radar but pointing north look at a map there is nothing west or south that can attack austrlaia there is no cover up in australia simply because we dont have an upside to making anything up if a government was found to be lying to help the usa or even worse china then they would lose power and no politician is going to risk losing power to do a favour for china or the usa please use paragraphs next post
johnwzhere might have me pegged -) But you see that is kind of my point. I don't know that the US has (had) the ability to truly "fool the world" by faking something as monumental as the moon-landing. Why would any other country go along with a story like that? It is really the crux of my question with this "missing aircraft." Why would the countries that participating in the production and subsequent validation of information to the world be actively participating? What's the gain? What's worse than "we're all so incompetent (countries that is) that we lost an aircraft and everyone and everything on-board and can't find anything at all of any of it half a year later?
I will sell you a paragraph for 2 dollars on EBay
Perhaps your doc shouldn't have allowed the orderlies to remove your white jacket.
I agree...with the known technology out there...this scenario is strange....how about the unknown tech that's out there? I also think this is a cover up...no, I don't believe for one second the passengers are alive somewhere..I think (maybe) there was a thread on board...maybe people, maybe cargo...something...OR the plane was accidently shot down...if the plane is in a million pieces...it's not easily found...for that plane to go down in huge pieces....SOMETHING would have floated to the top by now...things that go down...esp bodies....bloat...gas rises....yeah, we are idiots if we believe the plane mysteriously vanished...funny how this was such big news a while ago...and now...you hear nothing....we need to realize that the media manipulates and tries to control HOW we should react and to WHAT......I pray that these people didn't have much time to react to whatever happened.....what a terrifying way to go....
Trevor, points taken. In regards to the phone comment and no one using them. I imagine that a family member would have a bill from their carrier showing the call and if a call did get through do you suggest that the family or friend receiving the call did not come forward because why? My thought is if a family member had received a call wouldn't we have heard from them? If it is a terrorist plot why would the Australian and Malaysian governments be involved? You suggest they either are hiding information or not investigating properly. While I admit it is very mysterious, it does not automatically mean conspiracy. The French airliner took over a year to find and that plane was flying it's scheduled route. We'll have to wait and see how this turns out, I am very curious about what happened but not ready to call it one way or the other.
Trevor, all passengers including crew had lost consciousness. It was a ghost plane.
gov'ts don't change for large losses of life they are partially responsible for. not anymore. that was before the corporate fascists took over. bush I got away with crispy crittering all those refugees with his interdiction campaing, bush II wasted so many in his two wars, we're still riding the crest of the shock wave of that painter. large losses of life are now blamed upon rivals and used as part of propaganda wars.
It's not just making a call via a cell network. What about WIFI? That's a satellite connection that works anywhere in the world and included on all 777 aircraft. Many people have these devices too. I'm sure they all didn't go unconscious so fast that they couldn't send some kind of message. Or was that also shut off along with the locator beacon? If so, that means this is more than an accident.
It was Aliens. And thus far, no one can prove me wrong.
I have the solution. Read "The Langoliers" by Stephen King.
Without any pings coming from the plane anymore, and with such a huge area of deep ocean to search, this could on for years and still be fruitless.
Check the hangers on Diego Garcia...
Plane went to Diego Garcia as part of a black op involving anthrax. Details are on the web.
you're on the web too...and just as idiotic as the story you're promoting...
Eventually the aircraft will begin to leak fuel, oil and bodies, then the investigators will be able to spot the missing aircraft.
if the plane is in deep (ie cold water) the bodies will not decompose normaly and wont float to the surface.
Depends how long it,.is going to be there.Never heard about a plane crash with all the bodies inside forever..... eventually they will float to the surface.
Anyone remember Laurel and Hardy trying to put out a forest fire wirh cups of water? Running back and forth? The 'experts' and this whole story remind me of it.
Not trying to be insensitive here but I don't see how bodies can float to the surface after 6 months of being underneath the ocean .... there can't be anything left to float.
If the plane is in a deep part of the ocean, nothing will float up. The high pressure will keep everything down.
IF they wanted to find it that is...
Agreed DH ! The bodies would have been consumed by all the fish in the sea a good while ago for those that floated.
Fuel leaking to the surface? Yes, but it will be too much dispersed to locate when it finally reaches the surface.
Fuel leak? You assume there was fuel left.
I read an article that the people on that plane their credit cards are being used find it folks, the pilot practiced landing on small islands just speculation that plane maybe used for something else since that pilot was or is a muslim. who knows more speculation
A bank employee used the credit cards.....took advantage of the dead.
Yes, it was a bank employee. This is a fact that was reported.
I wonder did the pilots have fuel enough to get to Sydney as the tall buildings would have made a good target for insane muslim pilots and the plane full of christians was all too convenient. I'd say they nose dived if the passengers tried to regain control. (as they did in America)
City of Perth is lot closer than Sydney to KL and has plenty if tall buildings, seems like @Commenter is geographically challenged like most American kids from public schools.
I've flown from Singapore to Sydney now if I know my Geography Singapore is right beside Malaysia so it's quite possible they could have been on their way to Sydney. I'm also not American.
This is another red herring to divert attention away from more sinister scenarios. Like the twin towers of 9/11 370 is unique: as no steel buildings had ever collapsed due to fire, no commercial jets have ever disappeared without a trace. That plane was taken somewhere.
OldGeezer_07, please let us know as soon as Christ answers your question.
My guess is it was shot down and multiple countries are trying to cover it up. I find it hard to believe that they can't find a modern plane that has so many different communication and tracking technologies installed along with the different types of cell phones the passengers carry.
You do know a cell phone is useless where the flight was? it is not crazy that it was shot down, probably by China. But no one knows..and no one is talking if so.
I too think it was shot down and it's being covered up. Said that since day one.
I'm taking an assumption here but I'm guessing that at least one of the individuals on board had a satellite phone (not a cell phone). Those can be used basically anywhere on the globe. While on a tour in Iraq, the majority of the Iraq people (Wealthier ones) had satellite phones because they lack cell towers for regular cell phones.... But you're probably right about China.
that missing plane is NOT in the ocean, the Japanese in WWII built hundreds of airstrips on a multitude of small islands in that area that are more than capable of handling a big jet full of dead passengers. After talking to many professional pilots who fly the area on a regular basis, we (all of us pilots) have come to the conclusion that the passengers and any unwilling crew were incapacitated quickly with a depressurization and died not long after (killed) and that jet was taken by the hijackers and landed on a small island for future use. Just think of all of the islands, how easy it would be to dump the passengers after landing in shallow sand graves where they will decompose quickly in the humid conditions and all of the loot and stolen passports taken off the dead to be used in jihad later when they use that jet for another 911. The ocean gives up her dead eventually and this flight is NOT in it.
LOLOLOLOL...WHAT CAVE HAVE YOU BEEN HIDING IN SMRTSTMNLV???? Ill bet you never thought a muslim jihadist would never be cold enough to slice someones throat open on live tv either huh??? or shoot a 2 yr old baby in the face because the mother didn't have enough money to steal during the mugging???? or keep three women locked up in a basement being raped and beaten for 10 years???? and keep their disabled child chained to a bed without food or hygiene for years at a time???? WHAT PLANET DID THEY DROP YOU OFF FROM????? hijacking a plane for money and dumping the dead in shallow graves is the LEAST of the cold blooded horrors in this world my friend...
@Smrt You actually think people capable of stealing an entire aircraft would kill the passengers because they are not "that" evil????? GTFOH. Ariel is on to something and the answer is pretty simple if you knew what was Really out their in the middle of the Indian Ocean....it certainly is a place where Terrorist operate and can land large planes...and that Island is controlled by the British and the USA.
It is not a coincidence that most people who believe in crazy conspiracy theorists are looney tunes with low education themselves. There are a lot more evidence on accidents than being hijacked but crazy people who do not have the data nor the information do not want to hear it. Some crazy Americans think that everything that happens in the world must be tied to the US. So a Malaysian airliner, which is majority moderate muslim, hijacked its own plane full of Chinese passengers heading back to Beijing for.... mmm... retaliating against America?
@S W There is no real evidence of an accident.....and every time some boy scout scoff's at "conspiracy theories"....years later information surfaces that turn them into reality....like the JFK assassination....if you were alive in the 60's and 70's and said it was a more than one shooter you would have been laughed at....NOW there is PLENTY of credible evidence that shows it was not a conspiracy theory after all....same with 9/11.....and the same will become of this "mystery"....I'm surprised many people have not figured out that there is a place in the Indian Ocean where this plane could have easily landed and concealed and the pilot of MH370 had the place programmed in his home computer flight simulator....I'm hanging around this blog just to see if someone will have enough common sense and put 2 and 2 together...but so far nobody is really paying attention.
When does the movie come out?
hijacked by isis , went to 45,000 ft,depressurized passenger compartment, then droped below radar and took it to Syria, so it can be armed with weapons of mass destruction to be delivered to U.S. are one of our allies. Another airlinner has dissapered since MH370, That makes two.
not enough fuel to fly to Syria without refueling....if you say the plane was refueled in flight you will need to implicate America, Israel, or Russia.
Ariel, when I was a kid, long after WWII, commercial flights were still using prop planes. I am with you in loving those visionary WWII Japanese that had the foresight to build much longer runways to be required by future commercial jetliners. All together now..."What will the Japanese think of next?" those little darlings!
Uhuh....& Amelia Earhart is hanging with Gilligan & the Skipper.........
smrts..have you watched the news the last week?????cindy...I think they are thinking of another plane that CRASHED THE SOMETHING 17..not missing.
Paid Troll Eradication Unit your talking about Diego Garcia.
Wouldn't the depressurization have killed the terrorists trying to take over the plane? Or were they wearing special suits they somehow got past security.........get real dude.
Dave, because they have made up their minds that it must be a crazy Hollywood style hijacking because well... it must be. Forget about evidence or lack thereof. It's more exciting and fuel debate and speculation to talk about. Even when the chance of that happening is so low and almost impossible. Nations have poured in millions of dollars (Malaysia and Australia alone at $47M) looking for the accident site in the Indian Ocean floor based on satellite data and others. But no... these people on the internet who don't want to accept reality think that there is a bigger conspiracy theories abound. Forget about logic, forget about what experts are saying or doing. The armchair trolls must be right!
Connecting the dots: the "other use" has already happened. This is the same plane that was shot down in the Ukraine. There's been a lot of discrepancies regarding things like engine size and tail numbers, that add up to a failed false flag effort by the west.
Forget about MH370. It's a mystery flight. Why did MH17 fly over Ukraine? Who shot MH17? Why does it take to long to refurbish black box?
This has been a cover-up from the very beginning - since the 2001 attack, international law dictates that hijacked commercial airliners can be shot down if they pose a threat to being used to attack a population center. - they just don't want us to know who's military shot it down (hint, hint - check the U.S. Navy classified section first)
Really you say check the US Navy first, not some terrorist country how dumb do you have to be. I bet you think Hamas makes for good neighbors.
hint, hint it is whose not who's. I'm not a grammar Nazi but seriously, how can you expect to be taken seriously when you can't keep whose and who's straight. Most of the time I understand their/they're/there issues but who's and whose????
Yea joe H. I'm not either. But the biggest one for me is lose and loose. That just makes people look dumb.
Robert, that one just causes me to stop reading and move on to the next comment. The "looser"(loser, for those who thought it was a mistake) has lost any and all credibility with me. Even doma(drunk off my #$%$), I check for stupid mistakes like that.
Australia never gives up on a search. Even though Conservatives hate Australians just because they are Aliens doesn't mean they are not brave people.
I believe you are an alien.
Aussie involvement is a big part of why MH370 hasn't been found. There were so anxious for the plane to have been located in "Australian waters" that they ignored other possibilities early on.
Wonder if families get credit for passengers airline miles?
You can fly MAL good luck
Why are you reading this stuff? Obama is about to sign an AMNESTY bill for up to 6 million illegals. This is why we distrust the Main Stream Media. Why would you ignore the biggest policy mistake in USA history? . MH370 has obviously not crashed into the sea. Six months and not a single piece of luggage, foam, seat cushion has washed up on any shore in the world???? That is more than strange, it is impossible.
ditching at dawn by the experienced but rogue captain is the leading theory - but you wouldn't care about carefully thought our ideas, would you?
Or in the 7th hangar waiting to fly again like a nuclear missile! Stop reporting till the airline is found just to find add space for advertisers!
So they are still pushing that false story that Flight 370 crashed into the ocean?? LMAO! It has been over 5 MONTHS and not one piece of debris has been found?? not one piece floating on the ocean or washing up onshore?? Are there still people out there that are stupid enough to believe the fantasy that it crashed into the ocean?? WOW!
The plane is hidden up Tom's butt.
rocket, I actually don't remember you but you are an idiot if you believe that plane is in the ocean!
Or a colonoscoplane, they may find his head up in it!
The AFP, the jewish owned and operated pro EU/US/Israel news agency only repeats the press releases issued to them by the government contacts. In fact, they have no idea what happened to this plane, nor to the one lost over the Ukraine. The Americans know who blasted two Malaysian passenger jets out of the sky, but dead silence on the issue.
your tin foil is a little tight
Two Malaysian passenger jets knocked out of the sky and all we have seen so far was the State Department's shameful, idiotic and utterly false accusations against Russia. The DC propagandists even stopped blaming the the Donbas fighters. They stopped talking completely. They know what happened but they're not saying in order to comply with the politicians highest stricture; Cover Your A... I have learned to distrust my own government. Why the silence after the initial propaganda blitz?
Come on Boys and Girls...this is not that Hard...Either the Plane Crashed...or it was Hijacked. If it crashed we would have found wreckage....Airplanes are made mostly of buoyant lightweight materials that will float in the Ocean. Dead Bodies float too....after all this time debris would have been recovered. No Crash...it was Hijacked. I bet they put this story up just to see if people are still buying the propaganda....If these comments are an indication of how the majority of the world public see this incident...the Perpetrators of this mind boggling Mega Theft have Nothing to worry about.
......so.....your saying a hijacked plane can't crash???????
If you go through the trouble of hijacking a plane...why crash it? Especially when you have a Large Naval base at your disposal that 99% of Americans are too dumb to know about.
I still think that post 911 there is no way the US would allow aircraft to be built that could be flown in this way. I suspect that the US government has some direct involvement in the disappearance of MH370
I suspect that you have no idea what you are talking about.
quit trying to think...leave that to those capable...
Already there is a story from some US general about MH370 possibly being used to attack the US. Looks like he believes it didn't crash.
Oh please Erik, tell us how to think.
The plane is being used to transport people to the planet Xenu. L Ron Hubbard said so.
L Ron Hubbard is just another dumb yank
and peter hanley is yet another brain-dead, idiotic, semen-sucker...
Erik. You must be a Nobel prizewinner
Need another case of aluminum foil? You are insane!
compared to you, that dead maggot in Ferguson is a mental giant...
Jersey Flyer An airliner flying at 35,000 ft and quickly decends to 12,000ft, tells me they lost cabin pressure
there is now such info to determine that is decended quickly
Joseph ... you better call the investigators since you think you know more than them.
Lost cabin pressure and a plane!
I can't believe the cheap#$%$ batteries in the black box beeper stopped working so quickly. And why the heck doesn't the black boxes just give out GPS info to pin point its location instantly. Every smart phone on the planet has that ... why not black boxes?
This is the one off situation where they can't find the black boxes, there is more to why it disappeared but guess we may never know.
Does this flight path put it where the one eye witness claims to have seen a plane flying while burning on fire?
They said they generally discount eyewitness testimonies. Okay, but this testimony seemed more plausible than this search that is costing hundreds of millions of dollars.
Eyewitness in the middle of the Indian Ocean??
some British woman on a yacht or boat..sailing with just one other person I think....why she said nothing for 3 months...then came forward...just adds more BS to it all
It "may" have.....it was "suggested"........we're not "sure, but"...... One more time, they have NO clue where this aircraft is. If they find the plane, or any evidence of it, it will be literally finding a needle in a haystack.
I have a feeling it's in a hanger somewhere being painted and retrofitted. Not one damn seat cushion has washed to shore. Nothing.
Does anyone get the impression that someone doesn't want MH370 to be found yet and if so why not ??
I don't have that impression... I have the impression that since aircraft in this particular region of the world aren't tracked too closely, and that the Indian Ocean is so vast, it is just an extremely difficult task to find it.
Wally, I'll bet you are friends with invisibleman. You can bring the cake and ice cream to the clubhouse.
wonder what they will find, once they do
Looking for a microscopic needle, in an ocean-sized haystack. If they ever find this aircraft, I will be truly surprised. Wonder how much more they are going to spend on this exercise....
I live in SE Asia and there are visit Malaysia commercials on the television and they give prayers to families of Flight 17 and do not mention flight 70!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
but you can abbreviate it to '70.. like this is year '14..
That was my mistake....But No mention of MH370 on the "Visit Malaysia" TV commercials on AXN
Someone know where it is or what happen but not saying. We got satellite I m sure someone see something.
Try this...put a GPS tracking device on planes....I can find an iPhone but you lose an airplane?
Don't start all of this boosheet again..........They do not have any more of a clue than all of us Do...
"After more careful examination, we are here to announce that we still do not know where the plane is. That is all."
As soon as they find Amelia Earhart....then too will they find all others.
Yeah and so does Ric Galespie lmao...that guy has scammed millions....TIGARR
She sure could have used Google Maps!!!
The question is, "Where was it going?" If someone hijacked it, why would they fly so far before crashing it? Why would they fly towards Australia instead of a rogue Islamic State? They were trying to get somewhere, so the question is, "Where"?
Why don't they just say, "We don't have a freakin' clue"....
It's like trying to find a lost golf ball. If you can't find it where you think it is, look somewhere else!
did they ever say wth was causing the pinging they thought were from this plane months ago??
This whole thing is fishy to me, in more ways than one.
I can not believe they still have not found this plane.
No more speculation stories !!!!!! When you find the plane, let us know. Otherwise, it is history.......Drop it.
Hard to believe not a piece of this plane has been found. It would seem that some parts would have been found.
It's been 6 months and not a single piece of floating debris has been found on the water or washed up on land. There are many things on that plane designed to float and many other things that will float though not specifically designed to. This search effort is bogus. That plane is on the ground somewhere. Landed, not crashed.
Bunch of Lies they know what happend to this Plane
Agree. I said that months ago. Just like Amelia Earhardt.
Might Find it on the 13th Anniversary of 911
Maybe they are still sitting on a side runway, waiting to take off.
The real MH370 is wreckage sitting in an open field in the Ukraine.
What if that plane never crashed but is resting somewhere on or in a jungle? Just a thought. We don't not find such big piece of metal for this long.
It's in the Bay of Bengal. They refuse to look there, so they'll never find it.
It took them a few years to find the Air France plane that crashed after it left Brazil. They knew its flight path.
But with Air France there wasw debris all over the ocean! DUH
they found AirFrance 447 in 5 days........it took 2 years to get the black boxes.
Oh Oh,, It looks like that " black hole " is opening back up again,,,,,, right MSNBC ?,,, wink wink
That "black hole" could be Howard stern's a-whole.
Don't tell CNN ... they'll be back to wall-to-wall coverage .
What about MH17, allegedly downed by Russia ?
US government did that one also.
It's on a remote island of the Philippines. Hey! My guess is as good as the experts.
At this rate and with what seems to be wild guesses, they're gonna say the plane is in the Hudson River.
Captain Sully will emerge from the river with fins and goggles!
This plane did not crash, it landed some where and they know it, it will reappear soon enough.......
I still find this a hard pill to swallow that there is no trace of this plane. Has to be so much more to the "real" story behind this missing plane....
Really JR....you do realize they still haven't found Amelia Earhart's plane right!
Yes Jim I do realize Amelia Earhart's plane has never been recovered. I also realize her plane went missing in, I believe it was 1937, not 2014. With all the technology and tracking devices on a "commercial" airliner, I don't find it hard to believe that there is so much more to the disappearance of MH370.
Diego Garcia, Diego Garcia Diego Garcia
when are these idiots gonna stop looking in the oceans and start looking on land! no one believes it crashed.... there is not a single piece of debris stating it crashed!!!! try looking on land, b/c it has to be hidden somewhere! IDIOTS
CNN has something to talk about!
new developments????? we didn't find the plane where we looked so it might be somewhere else
The Australians wanted a free mapping of the ocean sea bed in this area so Malaysia is paying to get part of the oil that will be drilled later on if found
Here's your queue, crackpots.... 30 years from now there will be goofballs out there saying 'the plane is packed with explosives and is going to be used by [insert favorite terrorist organization here] to bomb [insert favorite target here]. In all caps.
in other words.. .. we STILL have no idea where.. they keep coming up as always . we feel STRONGLY THIS is the area
Or, back to what the illustrious CNN wacko said, it may have been swallowed in "black hole".
I didn't know Hillary was in the area.
According to Boehner it is all Obama's fault.
Bla bla bla .We still know nothing.
Answer: Which way was mecca? That is the direction they should look.. (moslem pilot).
It's a long time since MH370 went down, but it seems to me that the present change in the search area brings it awfully close to the area which was "too big and too far away from land" to be searched at that time - and where a wing-sized piece of debris was apparently spotted, but the sighting was not followed up due to a change of priority to the "pings".
Hide and Seek Champion MH370. Better than Anne Frank or Osama Bin Laden.
I guess Amelia Earhart will have to pass on her title...
She was dethroned only because her plane is much smaller.
The emergency box is black...of course its NOT going to work properly. Call it a white box and it will be dependable.
You still haven't found the Pilot's family that disappeared the day BEFORE the plane took off!?! You still haven't found any wreckage!?! So, WTH, what's new that you're reporting!?!
If they find it it will be 10 years from now at the earliest...I honestly don't know why we are wasting resources with this search...it went down in the Indian ocean for undetermined causes with all souls lost...just move on.
then explain the lack of wreckage.
I am not so sure it crashed. No debris at all.
What ever happened to the debris field ?
wow that was really breaking new! "hey btw it may have turned south, but we are still searching in the same area" Thanks for the update fools!
Just let us know if they find it. Until then there is no story.
If that aircraft went into the sea, don't you think some debris would have washed up somewhere by now. It's in the mountains.
It is parked in a US military base
Right, becasue it would be easy to hide a 777 let alone the thousands of servicemen and women that would have seen or been involved in it, that not a one would let out a peep about it.
They all know what happened to Manning.
I think I saw it at Burning Man.
it landed on diego garcia island...Its a NATO base there..these media shud stop pretending ...this was all set up....isis is also in the plan ...u will soon see the plane loaded wih nuke
ENOUGH with the conspiracy theories already! As has been repeatedly stated, if someone (CIA, Russia, ISIS, etc.) wants to get their hands on an airliner and use it to deliver bombs or some other payload in some kind of James Bond evil bad guy scenario, there are much easier ways to do it. More expensive and more difficult to stage this disappearance than it would be to simply buy a plane! Grow up. And while you're at it, learn to spell.
They're STILL looking for the wreckage? Don't they think that by now the parts would have been scattered across the ocean by now?
Not if the plane did not break up upon landing in the ocean.
they said it was likely a bomb, but I'm sure that the plane wreckage could be halfway around the world by now. This will sound insulting to the relatives of the victims of the crash, but this is now a waste of time and money.
what goes in the ocean, stays in the ocean.
Tell that to all the sharks that have been butchered for their fins.
Tell that to all the orcas in SeaWorld.
Please stop guessing, no one believes anything from any one of you... Just go find it and show people what you find and that will be much more convincing.
I believe the reason is The Langoliers
MAYBE the plane is in an ISIS hangar...
that plane may be starring in a event in the near future. 911 is just around the corner and with ISIS being a threat........
One, I say, one can only hope.
you are sick. ISIS needs to be nuked.
Your government thanks your for continuing to live in fear.
being prepared is a concept a low info voter like you does not grasp. I do not live in fear, just live in realville.
Kelly, talk about low information. . Muslim countries already have thousands of jet aircraft. Simple mater of repainting and arming it. . No need to spend million to fake a hijacking.
You live in fear and the "low info voter" technique makes your subjugator obvious.
sooooo why is the USA funding this? we had like 3 Americans on board so why are we paying a large portion of the debt when most of the people were chinese and its malaysia's plane...
Maybe that giant shark "Submarine" ate it...
"Further refinement" of satellite data. Yeah
Glenda stop making a living with writing it may be this or it may be that. It may be this or it may be that? Try being a Reporter not a fake.
Can not believe there is still being time and effort wasted on this...more money than brains
We just need to look where they haven't looked yet.
my god never mapped before, they'll never find that plane
but look at the great mapping knowledge acquired.
sea depth is as little as 600 metres, and then falls away in just a very short distance to 6,600 metres," That is amazing, thats why they may never find this thing.
Let's just let this mess rest in peace
It crashed in DETROIT and all passengers were eaten alive.
All of a sudden I feel sorry for Robert Watson Jr.
New Developements: Searchers still don't have any idea.
I wonder... If you put together the parts from flight 17 and the parts they will find at the bottom of the ocean from 377, would it equal one 777?
"They" can tell if I'm p-ing in the bushes, yet they don't know where this plane is??? Yea, right...
Slow news day again.. I Guess...
I just took a squirt. Bladder was full.
Your writing looks more like you took a dump
The Aussies should stop searching. The cost is not worth it. Those poor people are dead and there is nothing anyone can do. Spend the money on the living.
Why are we still looking for this stupid #$%$?
Amazing how no one is pressing the United States, who have a surveillance base, Diego Garcia in the southern Indian ocean.............and most likely monitored, tracked, and got satellite photos.
BTW.....Diego Garcia also has a VERY large naval base and Airstrip capable of handling C-5 Galaxy's and b-52's....
remember when this was the top news story? ahhh a more innocent time
i feel like the end of that wasn't even in english
It will be easier to find a Superman f-a-r-t than to find MH370.
"MH370 may have..." "may" is such a wonderful word that allows many possibilities.Very convenient !
cant they just for the heck of it search the northern arcs? because ive thought all along some country saw the plane on radar but never disclosed it and possible shot it down.
... and that survey corp found 'plane' metals in the Bay Of Bengal not too far from eyewitness sightings.
wasn't this the area they originally started to search until whoever ..pulled them off into the North..way north and west and out of any previous thought of search????? anyway, I keep saying..look on LAND.
Conspiracy nutcase BS reboot in 3...2....1.....
News Flash! Still no idea where the aircraft is! Back to you.
I want these guys on my team if they ever do find that plane. It is gone and the people have all perished. All they hope to find is a shell and bodies. I think it my be best if they never find it.
just tell my ex's attorney that Im on that plane and he will hunt it down until pigs can fly...
Those pricks will find it very quickly there is money at stake for them!
I don't blame them, I couldn't find it either. But then again, I couldn't find my glasses in a one bedroom condo.
Look up, its orbiting the earth
That thing is probably in SA or Israel being prepared for a flase flag attack. To start another war..
These yoyo's couldn't find their butt with both hands.
The 'jet "may have turned south" earlier than thought.' Or turned south later than thought. Or turned west. Or turned west, then north. Or never turned at all.
Can you say "I don't know"? Of course you can.
(The year 2049) I remember hearing something a long time ago about a missing jet, whatever happened with that, did they ever find it ?????
Bill, I'm pretty sure the year 2049 is yet to come, maybe they will find that jet then, AFTER it has gone missing.
waste of time and money looking for this plane..it is miles underwater if it is further south
This needs to be answered once and for all so we can keep it from happening again in the future.
What are they going to do if they do find the plane? They should leave it alone. Just like ships lost at sea during the war.
And i'm looking for my missing sock which will NEVER turn up.
Everybody knows that socks disappear into the dryer's black hole and reincarnate as random Tupperware lids in the kitchen cabinets
No sh((it , I like that theory
i blame this on the black hole. It's another Flying Dutchman
I find it very hard to believe in this surveillance driven world that huge plane could just disappear..
I have a weird feeling that MH 370 will be found in 3 years time period....the year 2017 .....MH 370 will be found intact somewhere closed to Mauritius island chains.....or Madagascar island chains...but the crews and passengers were all dead skeletonized....RIP...deepest condolences to the living family....
map the Syria and the ocean floor, and we will find it
Lesson here. Do not ever fly with Muslims....
too bad you weren't on the flight
Wont happen. I don't fly with Muslim operated Airlines. If you miss your fellow wack jobbies please join them...
F*K you As*^l*s.........still stringing this stuff out......wait till something definitive becomes available......
They should shut up, find the plane, then announce something.
And maybe.....they were taken by aliens......yep.....that's it...aliens.
aliens wisked it away, or their would have been pieces washing up by now.....
I hope these "new" revelations help them find that stinkin' plane. Otherwise, just like before, they're gonna spend hundreds of millions of dollars just to LOCATE THE GRAVES OF DEAD FISH!!! Uuuuuh HUH!!!
Lets be honest no one knows where the heck this thing is....maybe in 20-30 years when we have better technology, they'll find it.
It will reappear again, one day soon............it will have a nuclear warhead aboard and the U.s will feel the wrath of Mohammed (er, whoever).
I doubt this plane is ever found.
Did you see Deep Rising? That's what happened.
If it was up your #$%$, you'd know where it was......
But only if it was kicking field goals. You don't know where I work. If you did, you'd understand.
ISIS has the plane and will attack America with it. And Obama doesnt care.
Oops! Who believes this any more.
And next month...."It may have turned North".
At least all those passengers won't die from ebola.
This aircraft will be resting on the seventh arc, on an island controlled by ISIS thugs.
maybe CNN can have some of their black attorneys speculate about this latest news......they are wrong about EVERYTHING anyway......
Why not let this go? These people are dead. Let the dead be dead and lets focus on the living.
A large alien space vessel snagged the plane and took it to their universe
When are they going to come out and say either, "We don't what the F happened" or "We know who is behind this"?
must be a slow news day. they had to dig this #$%$ back up again with more maybes and possibilities and hearsay.
It is parked in a warehouse in a jungle somewhere
Why Don't they Admit they don't know where MH370 is
Maybe that's why they're still searching for it ...
You guys know nothing about the plane. Let's just forget it.
This plane and Obama's FALSE BIRTH CERTIFICATE...... 2 things that will never reappear
You mean Obama's REAL birth certificate
give it up already. If you guys haven't figured it out by now, the odds that you won't.
Omg, I totally forgot about that plane! Seems like ages ago.
I bet it's sitting on some jungle airstrip covered in netting...
The plane is sitting in an Australian abanded air strip getting refurbished by terrorist or they were picked up by aliens take your pick king OB thinks the latter
I am sure this plane will be seen again as it careens into a major city loaded with nukes.
Also note that Muslim pilot Gameel Al-Batouti intentionally crashed EgyptAir Flight 990 into the ocean off Nantucket murdering 217 people. Just saying.
Really are a hater there Donny girl !
It is in a hangar in lahora
GET IT RIGHT YOU DAMN HMONGS!
this plane was hijacked and landed somewhere, can only hope it isnt used in some kind of kamaikaze 911 type attack, sadly im sure theyve killed all the passengers by now
wow, I thought they had just declared it gone and all souls lost....
I'm surprised CNN hasn't aired a made-up audio tape by now.
What are the chances of finding an aircraft 6,600 meters below ? I'm guessing, ZERO.
It is IMPOSSIBLE for the chance to be ZERO. . Math not your strong suit?
The pilot flew the plane off course. If they ever find the plane the flight records will confirm that. But they will still not e able to tell us why.
This has ISIL ISIS little penis syndrome cowards whatever they call themselves this week name written all over it. A passenger plane of over 200 people unarmed. Yep this is definitely ISIL/LPSC (Little Penis Syndrome cowards) name written all over it.
Hijacked by the US using its BUAP codes and remotely landed at Veer Savarkar Airport that night/morning. Plane could turn up anywhere now.
Maybe Don Lemming was right...maybe it flew into a Black Hole. Maybe it was one of those mini-Black Holes.
Why search? The plane WAS in Diego Garcia. All this effort is for NAUGHT--just get a US Military whistleblower and you will have your answer.
Such a weird story. We have enough technology to locate a cell phone from space, but lose a giant air plane? I don't believe it. SOMEONE has to know where it is.
They have changed their store more than the Michael Brown "eyewitnesses"...
They'll land in the AZ desert in 2214 and say #$%$? This isn't Beijing". Then a bunch of hunter killers will fly over and exterminate them.
This plane could have been any where and then dumped into the sae by anyone after all this time.
I just thing some one should search west, east and south and north, that what I do when I look for something
It is odd that ISIS/ISIR did not become known worldwide until after this plane went missing...
WOLF, WOLF, WOLF, WOLF!!! Sorry, they have cried WOLF too many times. How many times have they changed their minds as to where this plane may be?
Did you not read the article? 7th Arc STILL!
ummmm ahhh ummm yea ummmm duhhh ahhhh which way did he go??????
In other news: The U.S. Government is now using your tax dollars to monitor "Hate Speech" on twitter. Freedom of speech? I think not.
It's just a hunch, but I think the plane is somewhere on Planet Earth.
What about Burma......map it......since day 1......Burma
It's too late now, we don't care anymore . . .
Those "data" are based on what?...the aircraft vanished from the radar screen near the vietnamese air space. Aircraft was intercepted by a vietnamese Sukkoi and destroyed. It probably flew several miles just like KAL007 or TWA800, and crashed into the vietnamese jungle.
this whole affair has all the classic indicators of a alien abduction.
Or slipped into The Twilight Zone... ne nu ne nu ne nu ne nu
wake me when its over ok
The MH370 Pilot had 5 potential landing sites on his home computer flight simulator.....if you look up the 5 locations...ONE of them is very likely to be where the plane went....That one location is home to a lot of military activity and can easily hide a plane of this size.
Yup, one of those sites was my back yard and I just checked...it's not there either, nice try dipsh*t.
You obviously didn't check...or you are too dumb to know how to read maps....or maybe you are an agent of misinformation...I could care less...you can stay stupid.
millions of dollars spent looking for this plane, when the whole time its sitting at Diego Garcia. SMH
It may have turned south earlier than thought ....or north...or maybe east but it may have been west. We are confident that is did go downward and we plan on spending millions of more dollars for something that will be found years down the road by accident.
Obama grabbed this plane - when he loses access to AF1, this will become his personal jet BO1.
THE PLANE NEVER EXISTED JUST A HOAX TO GET USA BACK INTO S E A
it's a hoaxit's a hoaxit's a hoaxit's a hoaxit's a hoax cried jeffrey little to no one hahahahahahahahahaha
It's sitting on Fantasy Island...and that's not a joke.
Grateful, how do you get the same post to repeat so much. Every day the exact comment, word for word. It's like you use the same 10 posts every day. If i click your name most posts are hid because of low ratings. If it's rated that bad the first 5 times, it wont get any better the 6th
I am and dont call me shirley
here's a great quote you can use Grateful. I don't know the website number (for Obamacare). -Joe Biden