Australia has spent a fortune trying to find this plane ( spent a lot of money before the budget and $89M was in the budged) and is committed to paying 50% of the cost of the next area to be searched. It is over a year now since the plane disappeared and there's a high possibility that the plane didn't crash in this area. Why are the Chinese government not contributing to the next search? Australia has been the biggest contributor. Tony Abbott was a fool to say that we would search until the plane is found. This may never happen.
Why do they continue with this BS?
The intriguing part is transponders etc were turned off Next is China not known for involvement in plane searches and the US is usually involved but not in this case. There must have been something on the plane that China badly needs and the US has been extraordinarily quiet. The plane didn't crash in the search area. Like my previous prediction that nothing will be found and the search area will be widened but again the plane will not be found
So they executed all the humans on that plane? is that your theory?
The Americans have been unusually quiet. There was something on board that plane that China desperately wanted. This is why the plane will NEVER be found!
The world most mysterious aviation tragedy in modern history. A record Malaysia can do without. (God knows what really happened)
I still think the plane is down there somewhere.. Maybe the plane went down in the ocean without leaving any debris.. who knows. And I don't think the plane went to the Indian Ocean as assumed by the experts. I still think it went down on its original route to China. Everything is possible.
If Sully could land in the Hudson without losing any pieces of the plane. Is it too far fetched to believe the crew just didn't do the same? I'm not asking why they would do that,, just giving example of why there is no wreckage. Who would have thought that idiot would fly into a mountain either. .
Why are Australian taxpayers footing this bill? This is Malaysia's issue plain and simple.
Cause the whole entire Malaysian economy is like 1 billion
They continue to look in the wrong location. They need to search in northern Pakistan.
Aliens beamed the plane up into the Mother Ship.
A year in the southern ocean and you honesly think that there will be anything to find?
Considering they've found air wreckages over 75 years old, why not? Polymers protect parts from corroding
It should be the Chinese responsibility to find the plane because most of the passengers are Chinese.
The reason they have not found the plane is that they are not looking in the right place. They Turned off the Transponder. That means the Plane did not splater on the ground but went some place else. They should be looking at Indonesia Island.
Don - You are correct. They should be looking only in the area where the plane is.
Millions spent on finding this plane . I'll bet there looking in the wrong area !!! Challenger Deep / Mariana Trench Is 35 , 840 feet Deep , That's over 6 . 7 miles deep , Straight down to Pacific bottom ocean floor ! At 35,840 Ft. Equals : 16,000 P.S.I , That pressure will " Crush " anything !!!
I flew for the Airlines most of my life. Airplanes do not "disappear" from radar when the crew turns off the transponder. There is nothing a crew can do to stop radar from painting where you are short of crashing.
Thats right but it will hide the airplanes ID, is that correct?
Tell that to the gyro copter pilot landing on the U.S. Capitol
Radar 1 will go dark when the aircraft is beyond the range of the radar. Radar 2 is the transponder data displayed on the screen. It will go dark when the aircraft crew turns off the transponder.
These Idiots couldn't find their own Butts if they weren't sitting on them.
Lokky yours is easy to spot. It sits promenently on your shoulders.
This plane is probably still sitting on a ramp in Kazakhstan...new paint and interior...waiting for the highest terrorist bid to take her away. Many planes go missing every year, although without the number of passengers and mystery. This one will be seen again I believe.
It is in ruins in East Ukraine. Got shot up.
Focus on a field in East Ukraine, and quit wasting our time with these dumb articles.
Come on, stop that deception. Everyone knows that MH370 was hijacked and later used by CIA in Ukraine provocation (repainted as MH17).
Here's a man. A man with a head on his shoulders. One of very few in the world, it looks like.
Nice tinfoil hat. Fold it yourself?
Pretty obvious. I hope Putin is keeping a nice laundry list of all the things the NWO have served up.
I bet nothing has been done to have passenger jets more effectively tracked & found. Former German politician Guido Westerwelle will be European Union leader after the rapture. He is the Biblical anti-christ. he will sign a 7 year agreement which is the official start of the Biblical 7 year tribulation, Daniel 9:27. Halfway thru the 7 year tribulation Guido Westerwelle will claim to be god after a mortal head wound. Revelation 13:3.
#$%$, he is dying of cancer...this is the second time you've been caught spreading this nonsense. btw, do you think the anti-christ was homosexual?
I have been spreading the truth that Guido Westerwelle is the Biblical anti-christ for over the last 18 months after the Lord Jesus Christ revealed this to me.
Well. You're a special kind of crazy, aren't you?
you should start going by Shame, not Shane
Is anyone looking into that it may never have crashed?
No, they are looking in a field in East Ukraine.
What I do not understand is why Australia is paying out of thier own pockets for this? Can anyone else explain if they know the "why"? TY
Australia is involved in cover-up on behalf of US. If US got involved directly it is a give away.
Well, at least they'll gain the seafloor maps out of the deal! Of Course, the Chinese will immediately claim it all as part of "Greater China"!
I was reading a good book lately and found this little tidbit. an American satalite can read a license plate from space, it is that good. my question is, where was that satalite when MH370 disappeared. was it watching. an interesting question.
satellite does not look at the entire world at one time. Go look through some binoculars. About the same concept. You see only what you are looking at.
De Plane is at Bloughfeldt's secret island compound.
And then after that? 60,000 miles? A $50 Million? and nothing? Seems silly. Spend it on pilot education in KL mate.
It crashed due a fire in the undeclared lithium battery cargo.