"Cawthorne bases his theory on an oil rig worker who says he saw a burning plane go down around the time the plane's transponder went off — and when the military exercise was reportedly in progress." So, exactly where does he say these U.S.-Thai exercises were taking place? So, then, did the plane make that mysterious left turn or not? So who's the oil rig worker, and where's the oil rig? I ain't buying the books. There are going to be a lot of them.
As I said before, at this point they can tell the public anything and they will believe it. Unless it was your family member on that flight it's just another "Unsolved Mystery" that will be swept under the rug!!!
don't tell me he wrote a whole lot of #$%$
The fact that they have yet to find one piece of the plane yet makes me think that it never crashed into the ocean but instead managed to crash or land on a deserted island somewhere. A plane of that size would break up upon impact and a piece of it would have floated somewhere by now. A fisherman would have picked up a piece in his nets or something of that nature. If a Harley Davidson bike managed to make it's way from Japan to North America, then surely a much smaller piece of this plane would have ended up somewhere by now. I realize we are talking about an ocean that is very large, but it has also been over two months now giving a lot of floating time.
There's a sound from the box, no there's not a sound from the box it's dead!!! Let me get that straight, we have all kinds of Batteries that last years & years, but the batteries in the Black Boxes (which is really an orange box) only last's a month. But wait, they found a piece of the plane, no they didn't find a piece of that plane sorry, and who was the dumb #$%$ on the news that showed the entire outline of a plane sitting on the bottom of the ocean, as if it crashed into the water at 500mph and all stayed in one piece and is sitting on the bottom. People are stupid!!! At this point they can tell the public anything and they will believe it.
The thing has to survive landing at speeds in excess of 300mph, and then send out a strong enough signal it can be heard from the bottom of the ocean. They probably didn't have much room for the battery, and had to balance doing its job and longevity.
The "pinger" is in a seal aluminum tube on the outside of the box (can't go inside, sound wouldn't make it out of the thick steel casing), so the battery can only be so big... 30 days is the "listed lifespan" as it's actually been found to last up to 45 days... Still they heard at least one of them (each box has one) from a bunch of locations before it died, and yet they still couldn't triangulate a location? Seriously?
In order to ensure that the pinging sound would be heard under water, they designed the frequency to be near the same frequency that whales communicate with each other. They don't really know if they ever heard a ping from the black box.
that area where the plane made a left turn has been known for over 50 years by international scientists as an unidentified weather anomaly where sharp weather changes - from windless/calm condition to tornado-like wind - in seconds. by math calculations the scientists noted that these weather changes couldn't be possibly 'natural' and suspected a huge machine under the sea as the generator of these phenomena and when in reverse mode, the machine acts like a vacumm cleaner. the 370 just happened to be there and never had a chance. the scientists added that this machine couldn't be possibly earthmade or controlled by some 'local' guys
I think I saw this on "Lost." Maybe not. It would have made a good episode.
The new "Bible" for conspiracy theorists. They will now refer to this as "proof". How to tell the difference between a real investigator and a conspiracy theorist - A true investigator or scientist studies data, facts and evidence and then may or may not draw a conclusion, depending on whether there is enough to do so. A conspiracy theorist begins with a conclusion and then cherry-picks the data, facts and evidence in favor of anything that seems to support their premise. They will immediately dismiss, make light of or ridicule any data, facts or evidence that does not support it, as well as anyone presenting it.
There are many people on US Navy ships and you're telling me no one would say anything?
There will be conspiracy theories about the disappearance of this plane for decades to come. It's pathetic and sad, it really is. None of the ideas touted by any of the idiots behind these theories have any basis in reality, but there are people who will believe them, thus allowing Hollywood to make money off this tragedy. It's revolting enough that the 9/11 memorial museum in New York is charging $24 per person for admission. That place SHOULD BE FREE to anyone and everyone who wants to visit. Talk about commericalization of a tragedy- that place epitomizes it to the max. This situation with the missing plane is going to do the same thing.
To which reality do you speak of ?
Nothing is free, Starlight... someone has to pay for maintainence, lighting, security... etc on that building. Who would you suggest? The government? That is is us.
You notice that CNN never varies from their same, deluded panel every week. They don't dig into reports or talk to the oil rig workers. You know the definition of insanity, you don't get results but keep putting the same people up there over and over again. CNN is actually assisting in the cover-up by not checking out and talking to real witnesses that claim they saw the plane. Insanity - searching over and over again in the same area with no results.
that is why CNN and the guardian and the rest are part of a CIA conspiracy to sidetrack public opinion from there real envolvement of where the plane s final destination
Strange. A front page article about a book written by a no-body, but today Malaysia’s former Prime Minister Dr. Mahathir Mohamad wrote in his blog that “someone is hiding something” about the missing plane -- including Boeing. “In his blog, dated May 18, 2014, and titled “BOEING TECHNOLOGY – WHAT GOES UP MUST COME DOWN,” Malaysia’s former prime minister is laying out an 11-point argument of what happened to MH370. As part of his major argument, the prime minister writes that “clearly Boeing and certain agencies have the capacity to take over ‘uninterruptible control’ of commercial airliners of which MH370 B777 is one.” Based on the capacity to take over a commercial airliner with a “so-called anti-terrorism auto-land system,” the blog argues that “the pilot of MH370 lost control of their aircraft after someone directly or remotely activated the equipment for seizure of control of the aircraft.” Of course, that “someone” is the CIA.” Google patent US7142971 to view Boeing's patent filed in 2006 for taking over flight control systems remotely.
Well gosh golly gee, a Malaysian official wants to blame Boeing and anyone one else but themselves for losing that plane, who woulda thunk it?
Thanks! Would have never known about this.
He'w written 150 books, the closest estimate I can find is that he's sold less than 20,000 copies of ALL 150 releases. But his "Sex Lives" series sounds interesting. Sex Lives of the Popes Sex Lives of the US Presidents Sex Lives of the Great Dictators Sex Lives of the Kings and Queens of England Sex Lives of the Hollywood Goddesses Sex Lives of the Hollywood Goddesses 2 Sex Lives of the Hollywood Idols Sex Lives of the Great Artists Sex Lives of the Great Composers Sex Lives of the Famous Gays Sex Lives of the Famous Lesbians Sex Lives of the Roman Emperors and WHO can forget his "Mammoth Books" series The Mammoth Book of New CSI The Mammoth Book of Inside the Elite Forces The Mammoth Book of Sex Scandals and, of course, every well mannered sitting room should have his "Old England" series Strange Laws of Old England Curious Cures of Old England Amorous Antics of Old England Sex Secrets of Old England Kind of sad that Yoohoo cheapens itself even further by giving this loon ANY credibility.
If he wrote a book "Sex Lives of Jin English" it would be the back end of a pig
don't talk about your mother like that, Scoot.
The plane took off and was never seen again. After that everything is just guessing.
Poppycock. The plane went missing at 1:37am. It was seen over the Maldives at sunrise (approximately 6:10am). No doubt foul play, but these human beings were lost in the air for a crazy amount of hours. China has a lot of highly sophisticated and malicious programming loose in the world and with that comes a lot of enemies...loose in the world. Even though it seems most likely, I have my doubts a govt is involved. Knowledge, maybe...involved, probably not. A lot of wealthy powerful groups are losing their shirts to Chinese programming. Either way, what these people and their families went through was just plain cruel. But I guess we all have our theories.
Yes, it's true. The first shot was fired from the Malaysian Noodle Depository and the second was from a grassy atoll.
Of course it's too soon . . but that won't stop those with zero compassion and dollar signs in their eyes. The "biggest challenge" that Indian director, Rupesh Paul ACTUALLY has is trying not to come off like a greedy pig who makes his $ off of the anguish and lack of closure of these families. Disgusting . .
Bad taste and opportunistic greed are always in season.
Re-hashed conspiracy theory from TWA flight 800 (accidentally shot down by the US navy). As for the dude that saw a flaming plane, what exactly was he smoking and why did no one else see this? (there are usually many workers on an oil platform, local fisherman saw the plane flying low (but not on fire.)
how did he write an entire book with so little information and such a simple theory?
HE PROBABLY USE TO BE A REPORTER SO HE CAN MAKE UP ALL KINDS OF LIES,LIES THEY DO EVERYDAY ABOUT THIS WHOLE MESS,,,,,SOMEONE KNOWS WHERE THE PLANE IS AND THE PEOPLE
When the Pilot of Flight 370 had a YOUTUBE VIDEO and YAHOO article I warned about the Pilot back then. THE intentions of Flight 370 was to HIJACK the PLANE hide the PLANE and use it to attack U.S. Soldiers as they leave AFGHANISTAN Al QAIDA was named after the U.S. Military Base in Saudi Arabia Al Nursa named after the NURISTAN Province in Afghanistan Ansar Al sharia named after the Ansar Province in Pakistan near Kashmir Al qaida was never beat they changed their NAMES to hide who they really are all of this was sent to FOX NEWS Oreilly I have Copies of the EMAILS !
I am guessing the passengers are still alive just like the 300 young girls, thats how the east fight wars.
NO THE PEOPLE WERE KILLED WHEN THEY SHOT THE PLANE DOWN
Cant blame the liberal author wanting to make some quick cash. Back in the day whenever a disaster hit, the people would wait anxiously for the made-for-tv movie to come out. Everything is fake now so nobody cares.
Hello,J NO!! It's not Diego Garcia.The plane was shot down because it flew in a no fly zone.Please Use Google maps and use the satellite to zoom on the Island of Port Louis,MAURITIUS................... Search the island UP till the End then Zoom DEEP DOWN into the ocean you'll see a plane cut in half. I saw fresh oil and gas,black smoke and a film of greenish yellowish in the water.Cell phones glowing in the water.This plane crashed on March,8th,2014.Which was about the same time MH370 went down. I was shaken up so bad after finding a crashed plane.Saw things I didn't want to see.People,loved ones drowning. I tried telling the media,no one ever got back to me,and I gave them my cell number to call me back also other ways to contact me.Everyone is scared,Where do I go from here? I'm scared too.I'm a disabled citizen who worked in Security most of my 40 years.Someone help me out here.Thanks!
I don't give too craps about a reward or anything.We all want the COMPLETE TRUTH for these Lost loved ones.Lord Help Us All!
Capitalizing on tragedy is just plain tacky. All this does is cause the families more pain and feed conspiracy fires. It's a book..he had to have started it the day after the plane went missing. The cargo is probably more responsible for the plane going down than any other theory. Read up on highly flammable lithium batteries. Might explain why the oil rig worker saw a plane on fire.
Wrote an entire book and theory on one oil worker who thought he saw a plane go down in the middle of the night? Has this worker been interviewed by the investigators?
The perfect conspiracy theory - one that can never be disproved.
Truth is, media is a tool of the government, and all we are ever going to know is what they tell us.
Someone will always be outraged - especially those guys who didn't bring out their book on fligh370 before Nigel did.
A target as big as that aircraft would not be mistaken for a target drone. I would imagine that it would have some sort of transponder to identify it as a drone. There would be observers, fire control officers, and enlisted personel, right down to the one firing the ordinance, that would have identified the target before the order to fire. Not possible.
Honestly, this plane could be anywhere in that part of the world.
After this much time, a lot of people will never believe any official news reports on MH370. They will cling to their favorite theory regardless of what is reported.
It is disappointing to see this kind of 'advertising' on Yahoo. And seeking to make a buck on other peoples' tragedies is more disgusting than pimping.
Lockerbie? What does that have to do with this? Lockerbie crash was caused by exploding luggage--does this crackpot actually believe the Lockerbie Pan Am airplane was shot down by someone? Of course we can expect the 'proof' to be exposed immediately, right? Just like the 'proof' aliens exist..or Big Foot, or Loch Ness monster. If you buy this book, you should take a brick and hit yourself over the head with it.
I'd like to eventually see a well researched book on the subject. But it is too soon for that.
Lockerbie wasn't an accident. It was blown up by Libyans. The 2 guys were prosecuted and convicted. This clown cant get real facts straight but thinks he knows what happened to this flight. There is a theory that Flight 800 was brought down by our own missiles. But again, get your facts straight dude
He who gets first to market wins! An interesting conspiracy theory, but one of, no doubt, thousands of theories to come.
They may have found the Santa Maria, but can't find this plane. So maybe there is hope for it to be located in the next 500 years.
I don't think an accident would account for all the dramatic turns. I wouldn't rule out conspiracy, but this guy didn't even bother with plausibility. Unless all the tracking data was faked, but now I feel like I'm think for the author that didn't bother too.
And by turns I mean the erratic flight path.
"Say a participant accidentally shot down Flight MH370," Cawthorne writes. "Such things do happen...." Actually they don't. Not to mention any area that has a live fire exercise in it is given a NOTAM warning aircraft to stay out of the area and they NEVER fire surface to air missiles under an air route. Anyone who wastes their money buying this book based on NOTHING is a fool.
There is always going to be some idiot who will try to capitalize off of someone else's misery. The best thing to do is to boycott and not buy the book. Of course, there will be those who will buy it anyway - but that is their business, not yours.
Why doesn't Richard Quest From CNN find this "Oil Rig Worker" the author is referring to and bring him on to CNN for an interview.. I would like to see him and hear from his mouth what this author is saying he saw.
MAYBE BECAUSE CNN MADE IT UP IN THE MEDIA TO CONFUSE THE WHOLE MESS EVEN MORE WHO KNOWS,,YA IT DONT MAKE SENSE IF YOU HAVE SOMEONE SEE SOMETHING NOT TO INTERVIEW THEM,,,THATS WHY THIS WHOLE THING IS JUST A MEDIA CIRCUS CAUSED BY WHO EVER SHOT THE PLANE DOWN OR KNOWS WHAT HAPPENED ,,,PUT OUT A 5 MILLION DOLLAR REWARD FOR INFO LEADING TO THE PLANE AND WHAT HAPPENED TO IT,AND WHO DONE IT,,THATS CHEAPER THEN SEARCHING
When the Pilot of Flight 370 had a YOUTUBE VIDEO and YAHOO article I warned about the Pilot back then. THE intentions of Flight 370 was to HIJACK the PLANE hide the PLANE and use it to attack U.S. Soldiers they leave AFGHANISTAN Al QAIDA was named after the U.S. Military Base in Saudi Arabia Al Nursa named after the NURISTAN Province in Afghanistan Ansar Al sharia named after the Ansar Province in Pakistan near Kashmir Al qaida was never beat they changed their NAMES to hide who they really are
First the book, then the supermarket tabloid, then the movie and finally the stage play .all designed to separate you from your money i.e.-greed feeds on stupidity. I expect there will be a song similar to "We Are the World" . come out that gives the celebs and stars ore opportunity to nauseate us and show they "care so much" I suppose we are going to search until there are no more spare parts.or Jesus returns
Somebody alert CNN, this story has no end. CNN will have breaking news on nothing.
It wouldn't be the first time a civilian plane was shot down by military elements, by accident or on purpose, and likely not the last. This theory is just as credible, or more so, than others. Millions continue to flow into repetitively searching the same area and yield not one scrap of evidence for doing so. Flight 93 was similar. Hijacked, took a wrong turn and then the official narrative claims passengers heroically sacrificed their lives and the plane crashed. Ignored today are the eyewitness reports that the plane was shot down by military jets, a more likely scenario but one that wouldn't play so well with the public.
I wouldn't have had an issue with Flight 93 being shot down. Those passengers were as good as dead anyway. More deaths were avoided. TWA 800 however is an interesting story.
Of course! best time to write a book and make some money and hollywood movie seems to be next logical move to ensure fortune is made from misery!....I wonder if part of the profits will reach the family members of the bereaved - sort of honoring the people who helped these people make money.......I am thinking they wont see any of it!
Shot down, by the U.S., give me a break! If the plane was shot down it would have broken apart in lots and lots of pieces and with thousands of ships and aircraft searching the waters someone would have found something. Besides there would have had to have been a lot of people involved and you can be guaranteed that with that many people someone would have talked. Just another money hungry jerk looking to make money on peoples sorrows!
Perhaps not by the U.S. but since the whole search has been made in the small area Inmarsat though likely with virtually nothing searched over the other thousands and thousands of square miles the debris field could be almost anywhere.
Oil Rig worker could have pulled his team members to show and prove it at that time so it would have been great chance to prove it. But still with the help of Oil Rig worker MHS can go for inquiry instead of searching once again entire the world.
this whole mystery has stunk from day 1. I dont doubt that there is misinformation and maybe some kind of cover up but publishing a book about a theory without any kind of evidence is just as bad as bad as the loss of losing 239 people and the grief of making money off of it.
No the plane has not been found. Is the book presenting something that can be checked? No. Will people buy the book? Yes. Even if it was shot out of the sky, more than a few people were involved, and they would know immediately what happened, and for them to be quiet seems unreal. But, since Kennedy, and Osama, and now the plane, nothing surprises me. Think 9/11, and you saw two planes hit the tall buildings, and two other planes almost got there targets. So, why not print a book and make some money?
and look closely the buildings look like they went down from being blown up...it looks exactly like demo..
I think it's incredibly callous to write books or do movies on this subject while the families continue to wait for answers and the plane has not yet been found.
NO WAY the plane had to many unaswered questions? 2 passengers with stolen passports,a turn around from it's original flight , and everything turned off manually. I don't believe in coincidents maybe you do but you will have to prove it to me.
Writing books full of unsubstantiated speculation and just plain made up information are as old as writing itself. There are hundreds, no thousands of books on the Kennedy murder and nothing has been proven yet. I don't see much difference here. If it bothers the families, then I suggest they don't read the book! How hard is that?
You bet we know what happened, and if it's a cover story we're eventually going to give out, like the shooting down of PAN AM Flight 800 over Jones Beach, in front of at least two combat-experienced pilots and numerous bathers and fishermen, then the fix is in. Television-watching suburbanites will be fooled, and the rest really don't count. Suburbanites think themselves so well educated and informed, any true-blue conspirator will pay whatever sum for CBS and the New York Times to parrot the official party line. I almost believe another false flag attack is in the works, and they want to use this plane or a dead-ringer for the attack. Look how much mileage they got out of 9/11, even though thousands of construction professionals (architects and engineers) banded together to attempt to spread the truth. Mass media reigns supreme in America. In war, truth is always the first casualty.
Bobby Boy NYC it was not "Pan Am Flight 800" IT WAS TWA Flight 800.. THAT IS A FACT.
Sure enough, after a British satellite company led the world to a fruitless search in the Indian Ocean, another crackpot seeking fame and fortune has written a book for a possible gold mine of speculative entertainment. But the theory is not very convincing since a more plausible one would follow the lesson learned from the 9/11 attack that would lead to a highjacking of an airliner that will disappear without a trace and used in the future as a deadly weapon.
probably got his ideas from CNN.
We all now know that 9/11 was plotted and planned in a house in Florida, USA, and not in the caves of Afghanistan. Too many lies on TV. Bin Laden was innocent.
Barnes and Noble is going to need an entire section of the store devoted to conspiracies involving this flight.
How can you discredit something as a conspiracy theory? The fact is that no one really knows, that they are admitting. what happened, so at this point any speculation is fair game. If there were cold hard facts about it and someone tried to discredit it you would be singing a different song. See what Im getting at? Probably not. Also, to specify, I have NO sort of supposition as to what happened, cover up or other wise, so spare the flaming.
Sean -- any unproven speculation that supposes two or more parties were involved in an activity is by definition a "conspiracy theory."
Isn't it obvious what happened? The plane was brought down by Bigfoot, working closely with aliens, the Freemasons and the Knights Templar. Of course, they were directed by the Man on the Grassy Knoll and his religious adviser, the Dealey Lama Hey! Makes as much sense as most other conspiracy theories
The smartest thing to do is make sure no one buys the stupid book. If everyone boycotted books like this, no one would write them. Or am I just being too sensible or too naive?
Cawthorne's theory actually is the most believable I've read so far. I would not be surprised that's the case. China should have owned the search instead of trusting the Australian and the New Zealanders who were totally misguiding the directions of the possible whereabouts of the plane. Some day, I wold not be surprised that something will get washed ashore and speak the truth to us....... May those innocent souls rest in peace.
#$%$! Another conspiracy idiot, who refuses to acknowledge how many people have to be complicit and silenced to make this conspiracy work: way to many!!!
I'm extremely skeptical 71 days is sufficient time to gather evidence (short of the plane itself being found) to determine a theory of any kind for its disappearance. It, however, is enough time to connect a few barely-related dots and exploit still-fresh fears and curiosity to put together a profitable book.
Fact is that Malaysian Authorities have fueled mystery speculation with their contradictory and misleading announcements. Responsible handling of information is something else. Accusing the author of the book being profit oriented is cheap and only suitable to divert from the real problem. There are no mysteries on this planet – there is only lack of information.
How many books were written about 9/11? Do not blame the author for putting his theory to paper. It is one mans opinion. To the families, don''t buy it. But you will never be able to make others stop their theories.
My guess is this book is propaganda from an involved government. They abruptly put this ridiculous book out so that any subsequent plausable conspiracy theories from qualified sources will be immediately compared & contrasted against this and therefore immediately ridiculed.
This world is sick. Anything for a buck...
The world is fine, it's people who cause sickness.
What about Miss Stiviano? "Anything For A Buck" even to FUKE That Old KOOKE
It's all about money. First to write the book wins, and the stupid media making it a story more money will make it to the bottom line. Pathetic.
Some people seemingly wait for tragedies to occur to capitalize from them. The anti-gun faction in the United States is well known for this. They have no class or tact what so ever. And spew lies left and right before any facts are known at all about a situation.
Capitalizing on tragedies? You mean, like doctors or funeral home operators?
Never really though about it that way but money is money.....
If he was serious about "warning the public" and "getting the truth out there" then he'd be handing these out for free, or donating EVERYTHING the book earned to the families of those lost. This is just profiteering, Cawthorne and Paul and anyone else who couldn't wait a #$%$ year to start trying to make a bit of cash on this tragedy. And it's disgusting. I can't imagine how their families must be feeling right now.
Hardly a new theory. Others suggested that it was shot down by accident by someone almost immediately. And it's gaining credence in my mind as we see that the Malaysians have been obfuscating and delaying critical information needed to search for the airplane. Experts still have not been given access to the source data that was used to calculate the airplane's path into the southern ocean.
Go to YouTube and put Anonymous Missing Plane in the search bar. A cell phone was used and intercepted by the Hacktavist Group. It gave a location to Diego Garcia Island. Got to see this!
Well the truth always angers the victims families! We have become so skeptical that the truth can only be question...not believed! We'd put Jesus on trial!
Hardevidence It is risky investment for a country like Malaysia to operate a large aircraft like the a Boeing 777, one of which disappeared on a flight to Beijing, Flight 370. While it is expensive, it is a source of pride for the country like Malaysia, with a population estimated to be 28,334,000, to be player in global air transportation. In 2010 population distribution was Malays 60.3%, Chinese 22.9%, and the Indians 7.1%. While the Chinese population has shrunk to half of its peak share from 1957 when it was 45% of the total population, air travel of this ethnic minority accounts for a substantial segment of air travelers on Malaysia's airlines. Thus when Flight 370 disappeared the Malay's politician were beside themselves and beset with denial that it had happened. Further the Malay politians were confused, released of ms-information, failed to cooperate with oather parties who might have solved the riddle of the dissapearance of Flight 370, etc. Thus riddle might be solved by looking at the facts with an underlying premise, it was a highjacking. The Planning: 1. The pilot of Flight 370. This man had personal problems, separated from his wife and generally at odds with the ruling Malay government. In addition he had an expensive flight simulator in his home, which raises the question why? 2. One theory is that he was part a group who planned to highjack a large commercial aircraft like a Boeing 777. Assuming long term planning was exercised, it likely that part of plan was to land the aircraft in some remote air strip West of Malaysia, Two elements of the highjack plan would be accomplished by landing the plane at some remote location. The first element is to get rid of the passengers and the second was to time shift the flight plan so that a subsequent flight of the aircraft would not raise suspicions. Thus the flight simulators was used to acquaint the pilot with remote runways West of Malaysia---in this techno world everyone know that data on computer drives that is erased can be recovered. Thus, the pilot merely cloned the hard drive and an used the clone for his simulations. After he became acquainted with the remote airstrips that might accommodate the highjacking he merely replace the original hard drive. 3. This pilot made a phone call before the Flight 370 left for Beijing ---this phone call alerted his accomplices it was happing now. The flight: 1. Flight 370 left the Malay airport without incident and continued for about an hour to a way point where the air traffic control was normally handed off from Malay control. 2. At this point where it was unlikely to raise any suspicion, the pilot, after the co-pilot signed off, asked to co-pilot to check on something in the aft cabin. After the co-pilot left the cockpit, the pilot locked the door, turned off the transponder, turned westward and increased the altitude of the aircraft to deprive the passengers and co-pilot of the necessary oxygen to sustain life. (A plane with an accute mechanical failure does not climb to a higher altitude) 3. The co-pilot became concerned before he was overcome, and tried to use his cell phone. Unfortunately the plane was out of range of cell towers even though the co-pilot kept trying until he passed out, leaving his cell phone on. 4. Later when the plane decreased altitude and passed over Malaysia well north of the airport, a cell tower picked up the co-pilot’s cell phone –but he was beyond talking then. 5. The track of the plane swung north and west in an accurate manner to avoid radars in the area and decreased its altitude diminishing the ability of radars in this area, which are few and far between, from painting Flight 370, 6. Flight 370 landed at a remote landing strip where the pilot was met by his co-conspirators. At this landing strip the bodies of the passengers, flight crew and co-pilot were removed. In addition the transponder was changed, but the engines were left running. However, at idle the fuel consumption of the engines was small accounting for some eight or so hours of pings to the satellite from the engines. The Ocean Pings. 1. The chance of finding Flight 370 seemed to esculate when a Chinese ship, North and East of the the search area, picked up pings which were consistent (in part) with the pings that would come from the perverable black box on commercial aircraft. 2. Another vessel also reported registering pings in the frequency range that were consistent with the pings of a black box. 3. Subsequesnt searching based on the location of the pings yeilded no Flight 370. 4. What about the pings? They did not show up until the Chinese ship ventured off the coast of Australia ---did a co-conspirator with the pilot drop a pinger from the Chinese ship to through off the search??? Very likely. Conclusion: The facts seem to fit the forgong narritive suggesting the Boeing 777 of Flight 370 never crashed into the India Ocean.
Gee, and they would have gotten away with it, too, if not for you meddling kids!
Darn it Flibble, you beat me to the comment!
Joseph S (Stargazer) whattcha ben smokin? Creative but you can't spell or use Eng. grammar to impress even the Katzenjammer Kids! Who is payin' for your ganja? -- Engineer ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Another cover up to lead away from Diego Garcia landing. See You Tube.
Of all the theories out there, this is quite possibly the dumbest.
This conspiracy theory #$%$ has gotten out of hand!
"Condemnation without investigation is the height of ignorance." ~Albert Eistein
Mayor cover up, someone somewhere knows where it is, that's a fact. The Chinese have a lot to do with the false information, they happen to hear the first ping, they take the first satellite pictures. When they heard the first ping, it was said they would have had to be directly over the top of the black-box with the technology they have, but all of a sudden they hear all these pings and draw the flotilla to another bogus spot and then it mysteriously vanishes, well what do you know.
Also I positively agree with VENDOR! You are so right...It's a Great Big cover-up.
There is always a vampire who takes advantage of misfortune to fill the wallet. This time it was not an american pig but an english pirate brother.
I'm going to wait for the book about the writing of the book about the missing Malaysian Airlines flight and then catch up from there.
I am always amazed at what people will believe on little to no evidence.
So all he is after is money. Wants somebody to make the book into a movie so can can make more money. MAKING MONEY OFF THE DE AD and the families pain and suffering.
I'm sure that the author was helped by the CNN news staff who seem to be obsessed with this incident.
After all this time, no matter where is crashed, there would be debris floating, now whether or not it's from 777 jet, is another question. I still do not think it went into the ocean, I firmly believe some Government knows exactly where it's at.
I stated his view that the plane was shot down quite some time ago. It cannot be denied that such a theory could fit the pattern of misdirectional information being streamed out. And there are several powers big enough to do such a cover up, and China is a prime suspect. If it got out that they shot down hundreds of their own citizens, imagine the uproar and the set back to the plans of China. Besides, if it were true, who is going to stop them? Not "we only bully the small", USA. And consider what the big players would lose if WWIII should break out. I have also stated that at some point, one of the big players will tire of the games of the smaller players holding them hostage. At some point in the not too distant future if not now, a larger player will simply just take what it wants and be dammed with what the rest of the world thinks. I think China has enough gumption to do it and enough brute force to back it up. I am not hating on China, just stating what I think is the big elephant in the room.
How, or why, would China shoot down this plane? It disappeared hundreds of miles from Chinese territory. And how would they then convince other countries, including Malaysia, the United States, United Kingdom and Australia to provide misinformation as a cover-up? Makes less than no sense.
This seems to be another attempt at Misdirection, I think There is more to this story that you and I will Never hear about.
Definitely too soon. People are still investigating what exactly caused the crash.
Still too early and with no closure for the families, I can understand their pain.
Investigating what? They don't have anything to investigate, because they don't have any wreckage.
So nobody knows what really happened, but someone is willing to write a book about it? Then there are people who would buy a book with nothing but crackpot theories based on nothing in it?
Unfortunately, yes. Its a rapidly growing trend and sadly shows where we are as a country
Oh please -- anyone can write a book these days, publish it easily enough, and make 5 bucks.
The plane was grabbed in mid flight by a giant triangle shape extraterrestrial craft. That is the reason it seems the transponders were turned off and then you get the faint radar contacts... just as the craft carrying the plane zips upward beyond earth's orbit. When our alien overlords are finished with their examinations, we will find the plane intact, with the crew and passengers, miraculously sitting on the ocean floor. Humans are the lab rats and test monkeys for a higher being. Enjoy you book.
As soon as they make the movie, then we can fast forward to the end and finally find out what happened to that stupid plane.
Let me get this straight!!! We can drop a bomb half way around the world within 5 feet of the target, but we can't find a huge airplane within a few hundred miles. That's because it's sitting in a hanger somewhere!!!
It's actually a few tens of thousands of square miles on the conservative side, millions on the broader side. Apparently you have never spent time at sea if you think it's easy to find anything out on the ocean. An aircraft carrier is far larger than this aircraft and they can be darned hard to find.
It only took how long to find the Titanic?
To the two geniuses, #1. I didn't know a plane could hold a million miles worth of gas, daaa!!! Therefore it can't be any further then what was left in it's tanks at that point. #2. The Titanic was found a long time ago, it was getting the stuff up from the oceans floor that took so long, and by the way 50 years ago they didn't have computers and all the technology they have today, double daaaa!!!!
Triple daaa!!!! If they are assuming the plane crashed into the ocean when they lost track of it on the radar then it wouldn't be a million miles from where it disappeared would it!!! Aliens have it, that's the real answer :)
So the military drills he is talking about were taking place at 1 am? Who buys these books, and why? It has nothing factual to say, nothing that we already don't know!
Every time you have a tragedy you'll have someone waiting in the winds to profit from it.
I think the plane crashed because Elvis and Jimmy Hoffa were flying it and they really don't know how to fly airplanes.
Preposterous. But the book will sell.
If information was out their regarding flight 370, who would you contact? And would they call you back? My response, No!
This is likely the result of a series of unfortunate events. First, the plane probably caught fire, likely due to the Li Ion battery shipment on the plane. The electric system went out as a result. Then the pilots try to isolate the problem by turn off all the electric system including the correspondence system and reboot. When all the efforts failed. The pilot decided to head back to the nearest airport, which explains the first turn. And then either the Malaysian military or the US/Thai military accidentally shot down the plane. The sudden climb of altitude at the last minute probably due to the pilot's futile effort to avoid the missile. Afterwards, coverup begins.
a "shot down" plane would leave a lot of debris...NOTHING has been seen nor anything washed ashore anywhere
How would that aircraft know that it was targeted by a missile and too avoid it. especially if they were busy with massive system failures.
Even if the truth was told, No One is Listening! At least I tried...
I have said from the start that the plane was shot down and if you think that a government cannot cover/clean up their mistake, then I will agree the Benghazi attack was caused by a video.
What a load of #$%$! If it was a mistake and shot down, parts would be all over.Even non military would have found parts by now! All these crazy ideas on what happened are just that, crazy! If they do ever find the black boxes ect one day,I bet it will be a simple matter of a airplane system failure,and that it crashed into the Indian ocean....period!
There's money to be made on horrible tragedy. I'm surprised that a big screen adaptation isn't in the works directed by Ridley Scott. He loves to traffic in human misery.
"Say a participant accidentally shot down Flight MH370," Cawthorne writes. "Such things do happen. No one wants another Lockerbie, so those involved would have every reason to keep quiet about it." What the heII is this guy talking about. Lockerbie was a terrorist act. The only thing I can think of is making the comparison of blowing up in the sky at a high altitude.
Todd you should read more, Lockerbie terrorist attack was executed as retaliation for accidental shooting down Iranian passenger airplane by US ship in the Persian gulf.
Search "Iran Air Flight 655", Lockerbie is 6 months later...
Don't be a condescending #$%$ @Newton, most people don't have time to research every news event from the last 50 years. If the author is going to make a comparison like that then he should explain it. It comes down to a poorly written article.
Who would have thought that 3 months and 10 days later, without *any* progress being made into finding the whereabouts of this plane and the still missing 239 passengers aboard, that there'd still be raw, angry nerves among the victim's families?
Governments would much rather have the families of 239 passengers angry than an entire populace.
Remember that thing that happened yesterday? Be sure to pick up my new book about it, which will be published tomorrow! It's a real thriller.
this idiot is a stooge for islam. a muslim pilot intentionally crashed the air as it was SOOOOOO full of infidel buddhists. and he wanted to revenge the "deaths" of uighur muslims in china. what this idiot does not take into account are facts, joint excercises do not involve life ground to air or air to air missle launches! this fucker is a mouth piece for the muslim government of malaysia WHICH IS HIDING and lying to the people! THEY DONT WANT THE MUSLIM PILOT BLAMED!!! TAKING RISKS FROM FLYING IN A MUSLIM PILOTTED PLANE IS A DANGEROUS 50/50 RISKS OF JIHAD CRASHING DEATH!!!
Just think, I could have collected a few thousand random Yahoo posts, published them, and made a few bucks for the summer.
The former Malysian prime minister said that it is a cover-up too. IF if is, I hope it is uncovered soon. No one should be lied too about their loved ones deaths from BOEING, the government, CIA , Hillary, NO ONE. It is nothing but evil if they do, because they are only trying to save themselves from scandal.
Oh, so a Boeing 777 that has been in production for 20 years with a perfect safety record and this plane that flew flawlessly for well over 10 years is now to blame? Furthermore, you want to believe a Malaysian official desperate to shift blame away from his own countries incompetence? Get a grip fool!
"Say a participant accidentally shot down Flight MH370," Cawthorne writes. "Such things do happen. " They do? Really? When? I challenge this idiot or any other to name a single confirmed instance of a commercial airliner being shot down entirely by accident after wandering through a naval exercise. Citing unsubstantiated theories found on conspiracy websites isn't proof of anything, and there is overwhelming proof that was NOT what happened to TWA Flight 800. Since 1940, 23 airliners have been shot down by regular military or insurgent forces. 16 were deliberate intentional acts, in wartime or across hostile borders. 3 more were unconfirmed as deliberate intentional acts, 2 more were deliberate intentional acts against misidentified planes (including Iran Air Flight 655) and 1 was lost due to unconfirmed cause believed to be an intentional act. There has been only a single instance of an airliner POSSIBLY shot down accidentally during a military training exercise; ironically a Russian airliner may have been shot down by Ukraine in 2001, but there has never been any substantiation of this. Conspiracy theorists really need to get self-help books on how to deal with reality.
why does he affect you this way? his theory is just that, his.
The US Navy shot a commercial Iranian passenger plane not too long ago when they "thought" they were under attack. That turned out to be mis-information and the plane was actually flying away from the ship and not towards it, as was originally reported. So this theory is plausible.
We are living in a World full of Conspiracies and Most of us have Our Heads up our (yeah!), We just don't want to believe that something like that can happen, Maybe it did maybe it did not. Nobody is going to admit it. THAT is Reality!!!
Anonymous : no the theory is not plausible, because the author is claiming that the plane was shot down during an exercise and governments are trying to cover it up. You are referring to Iran Air Flight 655, which I already mentioned. It was shot down as an intentional act, not an accident, as it was believed to be an Iranian fighter plane, and the US government admitted to the error and made no secret of the fact that the Navy had shot down an airliner. NO GOVERNMENT HAS EVER shot down an airliner by mistake during a training exercise and tried to cover it up. That is easy to verify; just look up every airliner that ever took off but never landed.
"NO GOVERNMENT HAS EVER....." are very strong words. Hopefully you are not suggesting that you are omniscient. I'll just quote Tom Clancy, "The difference between fiction and non-fiction is that fiction has to make sense."
Fine. Try this, then: "NO GOVERNMENT HAS EVER BEEN PROVEN". People can spout conspiracies all they like about governments "accidently" shooting down airliners and trying to cover it up, but as I said, it is easy to look up what airliners didn't get where they are going and what is known to have happened to them. Simply Google "airliners shot down" to review all possible incidents. Again the author is making a false assertion by claiming "Such things do happen". No, such things have never been proven to have happened. There is only a single incident in which it was determined to POSSIBLY have happened. So the idea that "I think governments all lie to the people and therefore conspiracies are true" is ridiculous, and I will reiterate that conspiracy theorists need to learn how to deal with reality.
Writing a book to make money off of the tragedy is almost as bad as writing a new article every hour(when nothing has changed) to make money off of the tragedy.
Best theory yet. I am sorry for the dead and their families.
Terrorists probably took that plane down. Probably the stupid Iranians on board.
It either was jacked and landed or it was shot down . They haven't found anything indicating that the pilots acted on the disappearance of the plane.
Dumb theory - if they were going to write a book about it, might as well have gone with the one about aliens taking the aircraft: that theory was much more interesting.
If it went down because of mechanical failure Boeing wouldn't necessarily want it found.
Stupid! The plane had been flying flawlessly for over 10 years since its delivery. Why would Boeing hide a maintenance failure of the Malaysian airline?
How the hell can someone write a factual book about a plane that they haven't found, in a little over a month? By the way, The Chinese accidentally shot MH370 down during a missile test. The Chinese are covering it up to not lose face. And yes, they are being helped by other countries who owe money to China.. The plane will never be found - they aren't even looking in the right location.
The families should not be devastated by a book. They should learn from this and NEVER get on an air plane in some Third World country which is owned by Third World airline company. Over and out. I am going to buy the book right now on Amazon.
Well, it looks like at least one "writer" and one "producer" are putting on the tin foil hats to exploit a tragedy! I guess it had to happen! At least, I hold out the hope that intelligent and compassionate human beings will see these leeches for what they are and ignore their "products."
I'll repeat myself as i have in numerous articles on Yahoo! First of all, the two Iranians who had stolen passports, whether or not we have intel of them being linked to any terrorist group is irrelevant. The reason being is because we don't have all the "inside guys" on all the terrorist groups. So this is my theory and it is quite plausible. First off, CNN reported the plane heading towards Beijing, turning around, then they reported it going Northwest towards land again. Then a day after that report they discredited that report and said "We have a satellite data company saying that the pings would match with it disappearing a few thousand miles off of Australia." Here's the thing, I believe it was hijacked and was going Northwest and with the published amount of fuel this plane had, it had the possibility of landing in Saudi Arabia, Iran, or Pakistan, and actually Madagascar, but that's too far of a reach. So let's focus on the first three countries, Saudi Arabia, Iran, and Pakistan. Do people know that these countries pretty much hate us, whether they do business with us or not? This plane could have gone to Pakistan or Iran and will now be used to transfer a nuclear weapon that both of these countries are trying so hard to possess, the nuke. My fear is that where i live in Los Angeles, California, we are susceptible to an attack, but that may be too far fetched. If no military radar picked this up near china, vietnam, or even malaysia themself, we may be out of luck too. Bottom line, there's a cover up on MH-370, without a doubt. If a girl goes missing, the whole state is trying to find her, when a plane of hundreds of people go, only allies of America look and for some reason they can't be found even though there were witnesses on an oil rig saying they saw something burn in the sky towards the ocean, which wasn't far from land respectively. WAKE THE F**** UP AND BE SKEPTICAL OF OUR GOV'T & POLITICIANS. People will do anything to keep their interests in stake.
You think everything is about the US, eh? So hijacking a Chinese-filled Malaysian airlines across the other side of the globe so that it comes back to the center of the universe that is the US? patrick, take off your tin foil hat and just worry about the gangbangers who live across the street from you. They are 100,000x more dangerous than any of your crazy conspiracy theoretical terrorists ever going to do to you.
THE SKY IS FALLING THE SKY IS FALLING oh no I am scared
S W, take off your ignorant close-minded skull off your torso. Do you even think for yourself or are you a sheep? With no evidence of anything, I have the right to be skeptic and raise questions as well as state my opinion of this case. I still believe it was flying Northwest towards Pakistan, Iran, or Saudi Arabia. There's even a new article of a woman claiming she saw a plane go down, while she was sailing from India to Thailand. Yeah maybe the whole thing headed towards LA and bombing us is a bit too far fetched, but guess what no one can find #$%$ of this plane and Pakistan is one shady #$%$ country who's bffs with Iran. I wouldn't be surprised if they knew where the plane was! Every nation within the proximity zone showed some support, except those two countries. Not even a "hey we saw nothing" they're absolutely silent!
No plane can go missing, You can't trust any government, anymore, we the people is no more.
something weird.........remember the guy who just before he got on the plane gave his wife his wedding ring and told her to give it to their son when he grows up and this was in case anything happened? Did he have a premonition or did he know he was going to be in danger?
Is it possible that someone dropped a black box with ping to keep the search away from the plane really is? I do not trust some of the players in this tragedy.
I really wish that when the plane is found, that governments could sue people like this for knowingly and willfully damaging the reputations of the government and innocent people. I just love how he covers himself with even if the plane is found, they can just switch the black box with another one.
Your faith in government sincerity is amazing.
Nah... his faith in government is not amazing, it's pitiful and comical at the same time.
You are the most amazingly gay person in the world.
LOL. I trust no government and I worship the same thing as you and this so called writer...the all mighty dollar and gold. As long as money is motivator than you can't believe a word he prints. I just believe people should be held accountable for their actions.
Not only I agree 100% with Cawthorne's book, but basically he's saying in it what I said not too long after the flight first disappeared... I didn't know about that Thai-US military exercises, but I said somehow accidentally the plane was shot down and nobody wanted such a screw up to be known... so they started the disinformation and the false searches.
Oh ya mean like TWA Flight 800 , back in July 17, 1996
wheres the debris? not ONE suitcase floated to shore???
@Uncle... exactly! @Steve... if the plane was shot down, the resulting pieces may have been quite small, and while they were misguiding the search in absurd places, they picked up all the debris and cleaned it up completely. They had over a month to do it.
Someone should write a book about a theory and the JFK assassination.
The Warren Commission already Did @thomas
Good, now if we could get one on the. Elvis disappearance and DB Cooper.
The possibility it was Hijacked and made into a weapon is possible. But I know it probably just crashed. A lot of weird things happen, you can really clear every single passenger on that plane. You will never know everything about someone. This is one of those things where we will have to wait for something to wash up on shore.
It's also possible aliens grabbed it. so what?
I have to admit this is the mosy plausible theory so far. After all, during the Clinton presidency he covered up the military's mistaken destruction of TWA 800 in much the same fashion. Very interesting speculation. I challenge anyone to disprove it or come up with a more plausible explanation.
OK, believe that the explosion was caused by an electrical or mechanical failure igniting the fuel tank. If you believe that silliness, you of course could ever fly in a plane again. Or for that matter any rational person would never fly again. Some medication helps you read between the lines of constant human BS. Let me get a puff.
Until somebody actually produces the plane I would say his theory is as good as anybody else. It wouldn't be crass and tasteless if he donated the profits to the families of the victims.
the theory doesn't work because scientists have sensors in that region to detect seismic activity... their instruments can pick up the slightest shift in plates in the ocean floor as part of the Tsunami warning system... nothing came up....
After CNN made their entire living off of reporting on this mystery for 6 weeks 24/7 with absolutely no credible hypothesis, regardless what their "expert" big-mouth contributor, Mr. Quest said, why would anyone think a gold digger author have any new answers?
I remember reading about the account of the oil rigs worker seeing a burning plane go down in the south China sea in the early days of the investigation but then that just kind of disappeared and I never heard anything about it again. I have always thought that a big cover up was going on and I still believe that MH370 was shot out of the sky by someone.
I found a plane crash site down on the Island/reef of Port Louis, Mauritius. The same time flight 370 went down.Use the Yahoo Maps Satellite Earth and use Zoom to view. Then Follow it all the way up that Island/reef pass the airport.
150 books? I write a book every morning, precisely 24 hours after each meal. Ill give you a hint! Its the same way the president signs laws!
I found the endless media coverage especially CNN's bogus breaking news garbage way more offensive. But hey a Pawn Shop is all the history channel shows now and a inbred fat girl is all TLC has, then some fake #$%$ family selling duck calls and a family famous for one of their taking a BBC up the poop shoot are media icons. You expect any less from "humans"?
Anyone remember Trans World Airlines Flight 800? The Boeing 747 exploded and crashed into the Atlantic Ocean near East Moriches, New York, on July 17, 1996. Many conspiracy theories exist, the most prevalent being that a missile strike from a terrorist or U.S. Navy vessel caused the crash. Sound familiar?????
did you see the amount of burning wreckage in the ocean? and all the stuff that floated to shore
The problem with that one is immediately after it happened, the media had already started showing 3 different witness videos of it being shot down. Then absolute silence for 2 days. Then turned it into fireworks...then abruptly stopped the fireworks stories and went directly to "spontaneous gas tank explosion" as the investigation was just getting started. Guess they called that one.
They're right you should wait at LEAST a year before turning a profit from the tragedy. Common decency.
All of the BS does sound like a disinformation campaign. Whatever happened, it's too late to have the people on the flight to show up unharmed. Is it government skullduggery? Probably. Diego Garcia had to see what happened.
Finally! Someone coming out and getting the truth out there. In this case -- don't blame the messenger.
If our various governments were more honest and did not have a record of misdoings these theories would not even be plausible, however.
Hey, at least SOMEONE'S making a buck off the conspiracy #$%$ floating around.
How is it actually a conspiracy theory if no one really knows any info, at least not that they are admitting? Wouldnt it just be a theory? Discrediting an idea, that could be entirely plausible at the point of the game, is just ignorant.
You're an idiot Sean! The conspiracy part is about the cover-up.
A very intriguing, mysterious story. The book sounds interesting.
71 days and still not one piece of that plane has been found in the ocean or washed up ashore?? Does anyone still actually believe that plane crashed into the ocean?? I sure as hell dont!
Always thought it was accidentally shot down, thus it will never be or want to be found by the guilty parties.
Anger about a book, but not the largest, international criminal cover-up of all time? Interesting.
I got that, and my thoughts exactly.
Get our First Family to back this movie and it will be an instant hit. All the idiots who voted for him and her can get revenge on us by making it a smash.
Ok, so what happened to all the floating debris that would have been there? It was all secretly fished out of the ocean and hidden away???
The Indian Ocean is 28 million square miles, and much of it is not under surveillance and has little or no military or commercial sea traffic. Some small scattered debris (maybe a seat cushion or some small pieces of plastic) would be totally lost in such a vast place, especially amid all the other junk that is floating out there.
There was no debris, there was no crash and it didn't go south.
It is interesting that the media didn't even report anything about operation cobra gold. A major military exercise involving the US, Thailand, Indonesia, S. Korea and I think Japan, and not a word about it ? One would think that with all those resources in the area, maybe they could've assisted in the search.Actually, it's not interesting imho, it's expected. I believe a false flag was aborted. The 2 iranians were being set up as patsies and an exact twin of that plane has been sitting in a Tel Aviv hanger since last October. Google it and see. I think Mousaad was going to commit a false flag in order to gain support for attacking Iran.
If I had a nickel for every time I saw a tinfoil-wearing whack-job use the term "false flag..."
How do these people sleep at night....worrying about EVERYTHING.. thinking its all conspiracies .
@Paul. Because every story needs an ending, so if the investigators and media can't wrap things up in a nice little bow, we'll let our imaginations take care of it. The End...moving on now.
Just because you're paranoid, don't mean they're not after you.
They know what happened to the plane but won't / can't tell us. Cawthorn's theory is one possibility.
I have been telling this to all...check the Diego Garcia island at the middle of the Indian Ocean. This island is owned by the British, and leased to the USA. It has a US Military base, can handle any size aircraft to land. This island has never been mentioned by the media during the search. No debris found is hard to believed.
What, exactly is the Empire's Motive in stealing this aircraft? The aircraft and ANYTHING that was on that aircraft, the Empire could buy a hundred times over out of the C1A's secret budget. Look on Google earth: DG is a TINY, tiny atoll. The air field takes up most of the western section. There is ONE hanger that may not even be large enough to hide a B777. Don't you think the Russians, the Chinese, the Indians, and heaven only knows who else has a satellite in place to keep a very close eye on anything that moves on DG? Do you think the Russians would pass up an opportunity to call out the Empire? Even if every US military member on DG kept their mouth shut, what about the civilian contractors? What about the British civilian police? Someone would blow the whistle. AND, no it didn't land, refuel and take off for parts unknown.
Crackpots like this aren't worthy of our time and attention.
How do YOU know where the jetliner went, Mr. Smartypants? The Asians are highly superstitious. They will not use anything that has a "4" in it or sounds like the number "four." THey don't do white flowers and they do not like the number 13, to name a few.
Actually the author's theory is quite plausible! I have been saying all along that the plane was accidently shot down!
Remember, the Russians shot down a Korean airplane years ago.
How in God's name could someone be so cruel as to write a book offering all these horrible theories of what happened to these people on flight 370? It has not been that long and the families of the victims have had no closure as to what happened to their loved ones. This is a cruel and heartless thing to do.
Doesn't it strike anybody as odd the fact that no debris has been found relating to flight MH370 and any that has been found has been discredited? There definitely is a big cover up going on.
This is Clinton's fault! She was mysteriously away faking an injury when this happened! Open 15 congressional hearings on it, Cons.
Did you ever know someone who could keep a secret? No way everyone thinks they have a friend who will keep it and that person tells another friend and so it goes on. An accidental military shoot down? Again too many people would know.
3 people can keep a secret if 2 of them are dead.
Perfect book title about the H.A.
The Manhattan Project was kept secret but since then they intimidate, discredit, and sometimes kill to keep secrets.
I actually believe Cawthorne's theory is very believable!
The US Navy shot a commercial Iranian passenger plane not too long ago when they "thought" they were under attack. That turned out to be mis-information and the plane was actually flying away from the ship and not towards it, as was originally reported. So this theory is plausible.
The USS Vincennes tragedy? That was way back in 1988 and it most certainly WAS flying towards them, but they mistook the IFF signal mode for a military aircraft. Radar technology has gotten a wee bit better since then.
Nice sounding theory. Makes complete sense to me. Why not! What else happened to it ? Debris does not just completely disappear, especially debris from a huge air craft with over 230ppl on it plus their luggage.
Actually, debris from ships and planes USUALLY disappears. Hence the "Bermuda Triangle" phenomena
i believe it is a coverup, i have been posting from day one that the plane was shot down and all the rest is coverup attempts to avoid an international incident.
Some jerk our for a fast buck. Disgusting.
I think it is possible it was shot down, but not as this guy thinks. If it flew near Diego Garcia and wasn't identifiable it is possible it was shot down for that reason.
I guess he gets to have all the free publicity he can muster for this stupid book--I would never, ever buy it, nor buy any of his other books.
My friends say marathon running is a blast. Too soon?
Can you hand me that box cutter? I have a flight to catch. Too soon?
Anne Frankly, I did "not see" the humor in those posts. Too soon?
I suggested that Viet Nam may have shot it down. If communication equipment was manually shut off. Like that ping thing they said sends a signal from the jet to air traffic controllers or satellites or who ever. It's original flight path was to enter Viet Nam's air space, but if they altered their course, The Viet's might have freaked out and launched an attack. Ground to air would explain the mistake. Air to air could have been used. But because the fighter pilots would make visual contact, before firing. They wouldn't shoot down a passenger jet without a good reason. The good reason is in my last paragraph. We can call it "the ghost ship scenario". Thailand has had U.S. military personnel and equipment for a long time, 50 years at least. Our boys wouldn't let the Thai military make a huge mistake. U.S. fighter pilots are the crème of the crop. If they shot down flight MH370, they were ordered to shoot it down. I offered another possibility, one that makes sense and has happened before. If the cabin pressure was lost and the plane was flying on auto pilot. Everyone onboard may have been lost, but the plane will fly until it runs out of fuel. If that happened the plane would be shot down, so it wouldn't crash land into a town or city, killing the people on the ground.
The only reason I could think that they would want to release a book is to confuse and misinform people, I hesitate to use the word cover up but, how are you going to write a book about something that is still pretty much a complete mystery?
Ummm, speculation? Cashing in? Frickin' conspiracy theorists.
why do people buy this #$%$
mystery sells, Sean. Look at all the books and media about Area 51.
There is no "they" in this case. It's just one guy who wrote a book.
Until this mention of MH370 the whole story "disappeared" from the media radar. Everyday coverage for 2 months, then one day, no more mention. I wonder what false flag operation the plane will be used for.
John, I hope it gets shoved up yours. Unfortunately, you might enjoy it.
Still dont think it crashed. I think it landed somewhere and the passengers (those of use) were harvested for organs. The plane dismantled and shipped off to be sold as spare parts. Whole plane and passengers could have netted unscrupulous people a lot of DOugh.
BS, excercises involves air support and other aircrafts. so, there are no active missles being used! what an outright lie this book is. i bet it was the work of malaysian government to further deceive the public. THE MUSLIM PILOT CRASHED THE PLANE INTENTIONALLY, BECAUSE IT WAS FULL OF BUDDHIST INFIDELS AND THE THE MUSLIM GOVERNMENT OF MALAYSIA DOESNT WANT THE WORLD TO KNOW THATS WHY THEIR LIES ARE SO STUPID!!!! 1. ALL AIRLINES ARE MADE AWARE OF ANY EXCERCISES IN THE AREA! 2. NO MILITARY EXCERCISES INVOLVES LIVE MISSLES!!! ESPECIALLY GROUND TO AIR NOR AIR TO AIR!!!! PATHETIC LYING POS MUSLIMS ARE.... 3. MUSLIMS WHENEVER THEY DECIDE TO WAGE JIHAD, AS ALL MUSLIMS ARE TAUGHT SINCE CHILDHOOD TO HATE NON MUSLIMS!!! Sura 3:54 Arabic: Wa Makaru wa makara Allah wa Allah Amkaru al Makireen. Sura 3:54 "Allah deceived and Allah is the best of deceivers" Qur'an 13:27 "Say, 'Allah deceives whosoever He wills.'" Sura 8:55 Surely the filthiest of animals in Allah's sight are non-muslims. Qur'an 8:39 "Wage war on non-muslims and kill them until they submit and the only religion is Islam." Qur'an 9:5 "Fight and kill non-muslims wherever you find them, take them captive, harass them, lie in wait and ambush them using every stratagem of jihad."
More disinformation intended to distract with a false controversy. Look at a map of all the places they've searched, and you'll notice there's one narrow strip that the mainstream media avoids even mentioning, even though it was the last recorded heading. It leads directly to diego garCIA.
Duhhhh.....you mean Jerry Garcia...because Jerry ain't dead man.....the Dead lives on....
@Only--I kept wondering why nothing was mentioned about this base during the entire search--Nothing! However, I am not a conspiracy theorist, and realize it is thousands of miles from, well, anywhere, sitting in the middle of the Indian Ocean, but it is capable of landing a plane of this size, and should have some sort of instrumentation that could track flights (i.e. satellite).
Capitalism at its finest. He simply took an opportunity before someone else did. I know that this will not be the only book on the subject. By the way, he did not write this book because he has an intense interest in this subject that he wants to share; its that he knows that there is a massive amount of interest in this subject and that people will read this just like they turned to those news stations that were just regurgitating the same information, speculating endlessly about different theories, (like no respectable news channel ever should!), and just squeezing all they could out of the grief of the relatives. So why is everyone so angry at this guy, i found it more despicable about how even channels like Fox, CNN, and every mainstream news totally focused on this issue, as if there was nothing else on the planet worth knowing about. Even after they finished going through every single bit of information they just could not stop. I was just disgusted with how these news stations even traveled to the people who were in grief for their loved ones, and went through their stories, their backgrounds, all with a look and expression of pure dripping empathy that you would have to be an idiot to think was real. I just wanted to smack each reporter when they pretended like they were fighting their own pain as they listened to the real pain of people who can't see past their own fear and grief to see the act in front of them. But who in the end is to blame for the behavior of these opportunists, but the mass of humanity that chooses to be fascinated by this, all they are doing is answering a demand. I dont doubt there were tons of people sickened by the way the media exploited their pain, and did not associate our own interest with their choice to force feed us for all they are worth, but we were the root cause.
In the immortal words of our illustrious former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, 'What difference does it make'?.
Sadly to say, it landed safely and will be used in a massive terrorist assault.
Could've landed on a old Vietnam war era airstrip or perhaps North Korea, or perhaps Iran.
If I knew that, I would have all the answers, wouldn't I? I do know they know exactly where it is as well and the powers that be are not ready for WW III yet.
I have logged your IP and reported it to the proper authorities, you must be a terrorist or a security agent leaking classified data to know this. Either way enjoy gitmo. Log time 417 hundred hours est.
Maybe it landed in your #$%$.
sad to say, Michael has no idea what he is talking about.
Ok wise people, give me your theory on the disappearance? UFO's?
Bench, this is called a comment section, where opinions are formed.
Nigel, put down the crack pipe.
A BOOK! THESE PEOPLE NEED CLOSURE ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED TO THEIR LOVED ONES ON THAT DAY.
I was expecting it to become a reality tv show first.......The Search for MH370........MH370 Wars.......MH370 Hunters....Ancient Aliens: MH370.....MH370 Pickers........Survive MH370....MH370 Conspiracy Stories...ok I better stop before I give the History Channel any more ideas...
people finally got tired of this useless news.
The great thing about conspiracies is you can't prove or disprove them.......
Oh he's challenged alright. The guy is an abject failure at writing. Try reading one of his 100 and some odd books. You won't get through 20 pages.
He mentions Lockerbie.... That wasn't an accident, it was Terrorism, sponsored by Khadafy.
I have a great idea! Let's give it free publicity!.... anything for a story.
of course a Brit wrote the book.
Well, find the plane to show he is wrong.
"150 books..", huh, Nigel? What you get crossing a dime novelist with an ambulance chaser. I'm gonna hurl.
Does this author write for scientology too? Just curious...
Way too early for a book,especially fiction.
The US doesn't get to cover up mistakes like every other nation does. Putting the two letters 'U' and 'S' in this story already makes it fiction. We don't get away with our mistakes. Hell we're the only country that the world knows the precise figure of how many nukes we have.
"Its Just been 71 days" Lol Have we lost the concept of time?
Here is a person trying to blame the US again. If there was a fire ball there would have been debris scattered throughout the area. I hope this guy gets sued by the families of the victims once the plane is found.
No Plane, No Crash, No Evidence, No Story, No Book
Someone is going to write a book.That's a real shocker,smh.
This is will be in the fiction section right?
My guess is terroist have the aircraft and the passangers are alive, they checked the ocean throughly and found nothing,
flip to the last page and see where they find the plane
Ahhhhh. making money from misery. Time honored tradition. He'd make a great slumlord or lawyer.
Some people will do/say anthing to try to make money.
Surprising, Cawthorne has left out Ukraine drama from his explanations.
Did anyone even see this plane take off ?
There was no plane, no passengers, paid actors=HOAX!!!
Never existed. cnn pretty created this out of nowhere it was the perfect hoax.
Gulp- anyone spare a little air? It's dark and wet down here!
2 months after the fact and a book's out? I'm sure that it's been thoroughly researched. Sure... And I've got a nice bridge for sale that I'd like to show you...
Coming next... Flight MH370 - the video game.
This guy is a total quack ! He is just trying to make a buck off these poor people that were on the plane. He should be ashamed of himself.
ATTN Shyster Lawyers: Add the US govt to your list of people to sue.
If you search for "Flight MH370" on Amazon there are already a dozen books available on the Kindle. So this is nothing new...
I think it is a possibility. The U.S. would be more than willing to cover this up rather than admit it.
Making a dollar or more, on death, sick.
That's capitalism. You know; America, apple pie, capitalism.
Nah, This has got Jimmy Carter written all over it !
Jeez, who cares. People need to sack-up and grow thicker skin.
That theory is just a valid as what this moron wrote. Write it up and publish it, you'll make just as much money as he does.
Hey Nigel Cawthorne: you full of #$%$ and we will put you in a plane and make you go missing
Shot down with no debris found? I doubt it.
And you can buy this book in the "fiction" section at your local bookstore...
THEY SAID THE BOXES COULD ONLY TRANSMIT 2 MILE,,,THEN IF THEY HEARD IT,,,WHY WOULD THEY BE SEARCHING A 500 SQUARE MILE AREA,,IF YOU GOTTA BE WITH IN 2 MILE TO HEAR IT,,ITS KINDA STUPID TO BE SEARCHING A 500 OR 1000 MILE SQUARE AREA,,LIKE IVE THOUGHT FROM THE GET GO,,SOMEBODY EITHER SHOT IT DOWN OR KNOWS WHERE THE PLANE IS,,MALAYSIA LIED THE FIRST DAY SENDING THE SEARCH IN THE WRONG DIRECTION,THAT WHY I THINK THEY DID IT,,BUT WHO KNOWS,,WE WILL ONLY EVER KNOW WHAT THEY WANT US TO KNOW,,NOTHING MORE,,WHY WOULD THEY BE TRYING TO PAY OFF FAMILY MEMBERS IF THEY WERNT SURE THEIR ALL DEAD,,I WOULD BE INSULTED IF THEY TRIED TO PAY ME OFF NOT KNOWING ANYTHING,,THEY WANT IT CLOSED,I HAVENT READ ANY OF THIS IN OVER 6 WEEKS,BECAUSE I KNOW ITS A SHOW ITS A MEDIA SHOW AND SOMEONE IS FEEDING THEM TO KEEP IT GOING,AND CONFUSE THINGS WITH ALL THE STUPID FAKE HEAD LINES,,GOOD LUCK I COULD CARE LESS BECAUSE SOMEONE KNOWS,,,,,GOD BLESS THESE PEOPLE ON THE PLANE AND THEIR FAMILIES,,,,,,,, JUST TO MUCH NOT RIGHT YOU DONT LOOSE A BIG JET AND NOT FIND A PIECE OF WING OR FLOATING SEAT CUSHIONS OR SOMETHING,,I SAY IT WAS CLEANED UP FAST,THEN SENT PEOPLE THE WRONG WAY SEARCHING TO GIVE BATTERIES TIME TO DIE,,,,LIKE I SAID WHO CARES ANYMORE
These #$%$ #$%$! May they rot in hell...There is not an ounce of evidence for this #$%$ "theory"...
Too soon? In this day and age of soft-skin, touchy-feely, hurt feelings world everything is too soon. 20 years from now will still be "too soon".
Wow, talk about jumping the gun!
This theory is as good as any.
His theory sounds like what many aviation experts believe could have happened to TWA 800.
Many? As in one that you can't find or you would name him...
and writers need to stick to fiction...
I hope the story has a a happy ending. Something along the lines of Cocoon.
Another possible Benghazi...this sounds like a job for....Republicans! {to use to distract the country about their complete lack of effort in legislating and their inability to compromise}
I am going to buy this book, then rip out the pages and wipe my butt with it.
all he wants is you to buy it. he couldn't care less what you do with it. you ever had a paper cut?
got to be a boring read.
Anything and everything will "anger" some people. You can't win.
My heart goes out to all the people on board & their families... The powers that be, know where every individual with a cell phone is 24/7 & track all flights & yet ????... The entire area is at the brink of war & any of the powers in the area may have shot the plane down... The question is which one....Russia, N Korea, S Korea, China, & USA..
These con Americans have always lied about it!! It was accidentally shot down during a joint Thai-U.S. military training exercise. I am sure even O'bama knows!!!LIARS!!
I don't think it that far off of a theory! Stranger things have happened and they say truth is stranger than fiction!
sad, sad, sad i thought it was an american, but evidently crassness and greed exists in other countries, too
English butlers and servants sell out the crown all the time....
i thought we all agreed it was space aliens
Plane went off course and got between Godzilla and Mothera...
Shocker.... Some random guy is blaming the US military....
Rupesh Paul from india wants to make a film about the tragedy before anyone else to make money...now there is a surprise...someone from india, the cesspool of the world wanting to do something like that...!!!!
if 370 did turn west towards Indonesia on top of the (sensitive) border between Thailand and Malaysia, why/how did the Thai government fail to detect the path from its military/civilian radar? The whole thing is a cover-up, yes.
How stupid to come out with a book on guesses and only possible theories of what happened? Come on people!!!! I wouldn't buy that book.
International cover-up!!!! Now the Goverments of the world or some of them took part in this. Paaaaaaaaaalease. Where is this guys brain? I will have to agree with John about the Batteries, and not just that, but if it were shot down the ocean would be littered with wrekage. I'll say it one more time, Aliens from up there captured the aircraft and they will return it. One other thing to pounder......with all our advanced radars and satelites that can spot a needle in a mountain........well we ever know.
Problem with these "massive international cover-ups" is that ppl -- someone -- eventually talks.
** the book maybe hurting other families but not all,,some families also believes exactly the same as the theory of this author..... ** if the probility is right.....DEVIL-AMERICA BOMB THE PLANE, WITH NO EVIDENCE WHATSOEVER....THE SAME DEVIL-AMERICA ALSO BOMB IAR FRANCE 447... PURPOSE to continue covering up the lies and deception of 9-11....this devil-america wants to scare the world of terrorism so that if we are scared they can easily centralized us to their democratic hypocracy....AND WE HAVE TO BE AWARE THAT IF DEVIL-AMERICA THE GREATEST TERRORIST WILL DO IT, ITS HARD TO FIND EVIDENCE COZ THEY HAVE THE BEST TECHNOLOGY FOR COVER UPS,,AND ALSO THEY CAN CREAT ANOTHER BLACK BOX IN THE FUTURE............its getting clearer that america is the greatest deceiver of all time..
ask the u.s. navy.they got that area mapped seabed to outer space.plane went down in wrong place.
I think titling it "Harry Potter and the Missing Flight Full of Chinamen" was going a bit too far though.
#$%$. It's in Pakistan getting an Earl Scheib paint job. I fear we'll see it again.
It's on the ground somewhere. They're gonna use it for an attack.
Kind of like that #$%$ movie about the Waco Whackos that was in production during the standoff. Ended with some hastily spliced on news footage. There has been an "instant book" phenomenon with the advent of the interwebs.
government has idea what happen to plane, but its top secret which has been going around for many years and also people have idea as well .
Hey "Spanka"....go back and read the report....watch the documentary!..The sailors went to a panic mode and mis-interpeteded the signs;s/direction of the commercial aircraft. They were attempting to communicate to them on a military frequency. The commercial flight was on course and minding it's business.
there is one thing only, certain..there is a coverup by somebody, somehow...too much disinformation put out there to reeeeaaally muddy the waters, obscuring the answers that are never intended to be found..
Just like post-9/11 and post-Recession, there will always be leeches who use the opportunity to profit from their "alleged" inside knowledge or presumed expertise on the matter.
Wouldnt be the first time a commercial airplane has been shot down on purpose/accidentally (not refering to 9-11)......just saying.
About the book: Let's take a lesson from our own future presidential candidate Hillary (sex-free) Clinton. "At this stage of the game, what difference does it make"?
it doesn't surprise me at all. Ain't humans wonderful?
It's parked in a hangar in Iran & the passengers are dead or sold into slavery
This book was actually ghost written by OJ "If I Did It" Simpson....
The best time to publish that book would be a month and a half after NEVER.
I am not going to think about doing a book. But there were two stolen passports we heard about. then there was undisclosed cargo . this we heard about so lets say that all sounds fishy. but at so point the plane will be found. sadly everyone will be dead . now who did what no one will ever know.
I am constantly amazed by man's "Inhumanity to man!" Another human "Monkey" trying to make a banana or 2 over another's grief! So very sad!
wait a minute here, theres a plane missing, when did this happen and why didnt CNN report anything about it
MH 370 vanished into Porthole that war suddenly appearing in the Sky.....It is still flying into different era of earth time....
so, have we found the plane yet? i stopped paying attention like a month ago, is the plane still missing?
what ??? yahoo??? nothing to report on the normal sleaze fests?? did this idiot's book even deserve a mention? i gather the kardashian's poodle didnt have a tummy ache last night!!!!!!
Glad he wrote the book. Good theory.
New books out by Nigel Cawthorne. "Sex Life of Nigel Cawthorne". "Sex and the City with Nigel Cawthorne". "Sex Life of Nigel Cawthorne-No Brain Stem". "Sex Life of Nigel Cawthorne - Genital Transplant on Forehead". "Sex Life of Nigel Cawthorne.- Eyehole Underpants". "Sex Life of Nigel Cawthorne - The Faulty Reproductive". "Sex Life of Nigel Cawthorne- Imbecile Implant". Stay tuned. More to come in 70 days.
And any attention this loon gets is too much attention
"Cawthorne's book is not the only entertainment project linked to the Malaysia Air mystery." "Entertainment project." Enough said.
“In these circumstances, with the amount of disinformation abroad, it is best to be skeptical." Yes, indeed, of opportunistic #$%$ such as Cawthorne.
The author, who says he's written more than 150 books, posits that officials have been releasing misinformation in order to keep the plane from being found. ......................... releasing misinformation ? Pot, meet kettle.
Hey...it could have happened that way. Least he is keeping this in the forefront. Least he is WAKING PEOPLE UP TO QUESTION EVERYTHING.......like I believe her name is Judy Hood ...............who wrote a book .....................what happened to the 3rd tower in regard to 911.......she states it never fell but disintegrated in midair........same thing could have happened to the plane.. ya think?......................at least think and question.
Author Mr. Nigel Cawthorne obviously missed the PORN-MUSLIM- DIVERSION THEORY. TO BE CONTINUED. -- Engineer. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~ THE PORN-PILOTs' DIVERSION THEORY:~~~~~~~~~ ........ MH370 DISAPPEARED, by any of these methods: 1. Hackers in the rear seats had the ability to interfere with signals in the cockpit. (Per CNN expert lecturers). So they either diverted the plane, or else diverted the pilots' attn, by transmitting porn, or threats, or false charts..... into the cockpit screens. Didn't they have free access to porn movies in the aft- most seats? or brought aboard via thumb drives or laptops? 2. The stowaways carrying two (2) stolen Chinese passports have not been ruled out, as reasons for human intervention into the flight path. 3. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ THE PORN- PILOTs' DIVERSION THEORY:~~~~~~~~~ This trick diverted vision and attention which occurred with ATC controllers before; it occurred with some operators of oil rigs, and CIA and FBI operatives, while on duty...... (that is, they got caught out when they caused an accident.....). So, in this case, someone else, prolly the pilot's wife, Mrs. Shah, was "practicing landing on the home simulator." Well, she found there some porn movies. Wheee! The loving "Elephant Woman" found new positions to land on her hubby! Many muslim men keep porn in the household (provide your own statistics, please). Once she found said porn and enjoyed it, she deleted those files by moving them to a thumb drive, unlabeled. Remember, the public outcry when "someone deleted files?" Well, that's where they went, to thumb drive, to cockpit computers, to the pilots' eyes to enjoy. Mrs. Shah, being a good muslim wife, would have removed the files from the flight simulator, lest some colleague, guest pilot in training might find them OMG. Well as it turned out, they were HOME MOVIES of Mr. Pilot Shah & Mrs. Shah at a nude swing party. Once the co- pilot saw their faces, he was so embarrassed, as a good muslim, that he became distracted and that explains the wild twists, turns, elevations, shown on the Flight Path. Finally, neither pilot nor co-pilot could delete the contraband porno files from the "locked thumb drive," so to please Allah, they sailed their plane to the "ends of the earth." I posted these theories before and have yet to have anyone disprove any of the foregoing ideas. I quit flying smaller airlines. It's a shame that the PORN MOVIES won't show up on the ORANGE/ BLACK BOXES. Good will and Godspeed to the families and survivors, if any! -- Engineer. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
DOO SooN for a BOOkkk??? I HAVE FIRST DIVVS on the MOVEii!!!!
I'm gonna wait for the movie to come out.
Naw! Landed on Diego Garcia! Philip Wood called out on his cell phone from his cell there!
Funny thing about Diego Garcia... being that it's a top secret joint US/British base, they don't have any cell towers. That means no CELL PHONES, YOU #$%$!
All about in name of profit money and greed
Where is Dirk Pitt and N.U.M.A. when you need them?
I'm waiting for the movie to come out. Them we will know what happened.
Your attention- flight 370, is still delayed.....
he is right do some research instead of personal beliefs, we should question or else we are just sheep waiting for the slaughterhouse of the next sacrifice to the 1%
The motion picture will soon be produced. The working title is, hiya hiya ooooooo wooooo kunng fuuuuuu oooooo.
The cargo manifest listed about two tons of lithium batteries. The kind that catch fire and explode for no reason....American carriers won't accept these as cargo on passenger flights.
Biggest laugh who bought this smoking pile of #$%$?
Plane was hijacked, plain and simple.
People everywhere are stepping all over MH370! Huh?? John Kerry made a tasteless joke about Donald Sterling at the Yale graduation this week. Heh heh heh!! Maybe at the next graduation, he can make another one like, "Hopefully, you graduates won't get swallowed up in the ocean of the job market, like the passengers on board Flight 370!!" ANOTHER STUPID, TASTELESS REMARK BY THAT IDIOT JOHN KERRY!!! Heh heh heh!! Huh?? WHAT?? HEH HEH HEH HEH HEH HEH HEH HEH HEH!!!!!!!!!!
It was a guy in the grassy knoll that shot the plane down, Cons!
Their eating this up at FOX.
When they locate the plane, the whole book becomes moot.
Got to be the first to the cash.
You expect the Airlines to find this plane ? They can't even find my luggage !
Well ... the weirdest part about the whole thing is that he started writing the book back in January ... hmm ...
This isn't the first book about this. It's been 70 days and there's a bunch of them on Amazon. What a bunch of jokers.
Quicker, and shorter, book: Plane went down in the ocean. No one could find it. The End.
I prefer terrorists are loading it with bombs but your theory sounds as good tome.
Epilogue? You mean the cover up?
wow only 71 days? i thought we were closing on a year...
Never too soon to make a quick buck.
it's as if people are trying to outdo each other in coming up with the WORST theories as to the unexplained disappearance of this flight....
when arn't they angry, now that is news!
"The drill was to involve mock warfare on land, in water, and in the air, and would include live-fire exercises," Cawthorne writes.........guess it was shot down by mistake after all.
Oh i see a sci-fi movie in the works...
Human Beings!! I could pick a better species out of a hat blind-folded!
He is the first of what will be countless books, tv shows, and movie producers who will milk every cent they can from this. and as usual, some people will cry about it. nothing new here. move on.
The hypothesis put forward by the authors is far more credible than anything the Malaysian government has said. It has been clear from the start that the US was collaborating with the Thai government to keep this plane from getting found. Surprisingly sophisticated American satellites supposedly would not have found a trace ...
I'm on my way to Border's right now to order a copy!
This guy must be a democrat.. they truly believe that a tragedy should never go to waste!! Pathetic!!!
Spanka.. take it your a democrat.. can't handle facts.. just the utopian idea of a world...lol
I compare this guy to those on these boards that comment "first !!" .
The book can be a good ideea just in the case..than with Money help victims famillies..JUST in this case..to donate ALL Money..maybe also make a movie..but with happy or not happy end????
You have to strike while the iron is hot if you are going to profit from other people's misery. What a douche.
everyone knows it was a UFO that snatched the plane out of thin air ! yep , that's what happened !
CHINA SHOT DOWN THE PLANE AS IT FLEW OVER IT OIL RIG AND THEY HIDE IT IN THE OIL RIG
WRONG hahahah IT WAS SHOT DOWN MY CHINA WHEN IT FLEW OVER THE OIL RIG same location and flight path facts
amazon should stop selling this book now!
Cue the tinfoil hat brigade! OMG ALIENS-MK-ULTRA-KENYAN OBAMA-OPERATION GOODWOOD!!!
Has Hollywood gone mad? Nope. No change. If there is a buck to be make, make it and do it with style.
im surprised we arent seeing movie trailers yet
Of course, now it all makes since. The same thing happened to that TWA flight over Long Island back in the mid '90s.
Something that a lot of people claim but not proven.
I agree with him. Why do think the US media spent so much time "re-routing" the plane's route all over the place. Distraction is Obama's middle name..
No plane. no passengers, paid actors=ONE BIG HOAX AFTER OUR MONEY! Just think about it before you give me the finger!
Where was Obama when the plane went missing ?
enough of this, very old news
Two days is old to a baby.
CHINA IS COVERING UP THE FLIGHT THEY SHOT DOWN over the oil rig
One would think if it were shot down, you would find debris....which they didn't.
cuase china did it and hide it in the oil rig
Sure. You need more tinfoil in your hat loser.
IF his theory is true and more than one person knows about this, it will not be kept secret.
"an oil rig worker who says he saw a burning plane go down around the time the plane's transponder went off ..." AND that's the most accurate account, to this very date.
This is exactly my idea. Yes the plane was shot down by the military....
Lets not forget the Freescale Semiconductor link...
not the first time I've heard the "it got shot down theory"
Never coming to light, will be the American Gov't taking out the plane because of possible Tech knowledge being shipped to China from Iran.....
mooboolu ala tombob yaca zombtoob makes more sence you #$%$ bags
LOL. I don't know what the f your comment exactly means, but it is funny as f.
They are outraged that they didn't get a share
After CNN reported on the "black hole" theory, nothing sounds too crazy anymore.
About as good as any theory I've seen on Yahoo................
so the moral of the story is create an account on iCloud and it would have been easier to locate !!!
Its hard too say what happen , but the plane in Pennsylvania from 9/11 was not brought down by the passengers ---- it was infact shot down by the US miltary --- people living in the area will tell you they were taking a walk about and looked up too see the plane flying upside down with fighter jets on both sides of it ! it was shot down by US air force too protect the white house ---- let us hope no one trys too make ah movie that the people aboard were hero"s
CHINA HIDE THE PLAVE CRASH IN THE OIL RIG IN VEITNAM facts
Cawthorne's finally revealing the facts. Cover Up? Looks like it is.
Maybe it hijack by US due to somethings important in the cargo or human. I believe US military got this skill to do it hijack and fly it, US can in air refuel oil too and as i hear rumors say some party have try to detect the phone signal which claim some relatives able to call in and the signal was showing somewhere in US. But they claim the phone might be stolen but why stolen phone in MY will end up in US signal detected? some more they say can call in does not mean connected but i believe the shutdown mobile will never able call in. Recently Obama was drop by all this come in very suitable timing. Plus after the vanish the MH370 hence the MY currency and market still very strong except for MAS stock. For able to provide military support plus economic support then should not many country left.
@Hentaikamen, first of all, please go polish up your English. Have difficulties in understanding what you want to express, for example "Recently Obama was drop by all this come in very suitabe timing...." "... as i hear rumors say some party have try to detect the phone signal which claim some relatives able to call in and the signal was showing somewhere in US." Secondly, when you make a call to a cell phone, if you happen to succeed calling. Is there a way to tell which part of the world the receiving phone's location is ? This may be possible only with those sophisticated signal tracing equipment which only the military, police or the Govt Agencies are allowed to own. Do you really think the ordinary chinaman or chinawoman have such equipment ?
Money from the book. From birth to death, money is of primary concern for all people, long long ago. Cost of searching for the plane cost few hundred million dollars. Victims of families, have no hope, but eagerly proceeding with the insurance claims. It is not about spending it: just having lots of it, or enough of it will bring one peace of mind and security. No worry about being unemployed, or retirement. And alot of people will try to get closer to one too.
I told you so. This is the real world. Those who are already gone are just fated like every mortals too when the time comes for them to go too. All these will become stories only for the mortals to read it too. For those that are already gone they are only returning to the creator. For those that are still around alive they must muhasabah (recount) and count what they have made out of their lives on this earth. What the writer writes is all possible with the humans. Uncle Sam does that all the time. Remember the shooting of the South Korean plane by Uncle Sam too? There are just too many coincidence. It does not happen by itself so too the coincidence of Zahari flying the plane on the night of Anwar found guilty for sodomy. What do you expect with the humans not to speculate?
I have this question in mind but none of my closed friend can give me an answer. Let say there is a plane being hijacked by terrorist and their target is some important building like the 911 incident. The country which involved knew about it and send fighter jet to engaged the plane . What were this fighter jet do to the commercial plane if they ignore any warning and continue flying toward their intended target. Will the fighter jet gun down the commercial plane?
What really happened to the Korean jetliner over Siberian/Russian/Korean airspace? Is this a similar incident but more deadlier and happened over Malaysian airspace?
Imagine 1000 years later., the sea have dried up and then MH370 was then found.
The book got where the plane location? If not, y bother to publish!
Greed has no shortage of takers to capitalize on any scandals or events like MH370. Morals and ethics are so yesteryear.
The pen is in your hands and you can write whatever you like. Just like one former politician who mumbled rubbish without any supporting evidence.
it was not "accidentally" shot down, US shot down the plan as the 2 Iranians were carrying US drone data to China. If China manage to crack the data, China/Iran will have the ability to hijack all US military drones in service. MH370 was shot down by US over South China Sea and a drone mimicking the plane's meta-data was flown to where the plane supposedly crashed over the Indian Ocean. Efforts to locate the plane should be done around the area where the transponder stop functioning and not over where the plane supposedly crashed.
I don't think they will shot down the plane because they are not too free to do it. Plus if shot down the plane should have more debris around the water. Since they have interest on the plane cargo or any high value subject then they should find a way to get it such like hijack it.
in 2011, a us drone crashed intact in iran. since then iran has been trying to decipher the encryption used in US drones with no luck. iran then decide to seek china's help in this, 2 of iran's intelligence agents were tasked to carry the drone data to china (that's why they were travelling using stolen european passports). US (CIA) found out about the operation and through the excuse of conducting naval exercise with their thai allies, deploy warships along the path MH730 was travelling over south china sea. Misinformation disseminated by US 1. MH370 crashed over indian ocean so that the search will not be perform over the actual crash site in south china sea 2. MH370 carrying valuable cargo and was hijack to cover up the fact that the plane was actually shot down and not hijack 3. even the release of this book is a cover up in the event that evidence proving US warships shot down MH370 is recovered so US can claim "accidentally" shot down instead of intentionally shot down Why no debris of MH370 is recovered 1. a thermobaric missile was used so most of the plane was vaporized 2 . what little debris remained is in south china sea not in indian ocean where the search is conducted.
If the US shot the plane down, the the army or navy shooter will go on U-Tube and broadcast to the whole world he did it.
the 1st half of the theory is the most probable. the 2nd half is not that logical
Coming up with something like that with absolutely no proof take some serious imagination
This pedo joker can go join HollyWood as a scrip writer. Not bad, quite imaginative.
not mystery...just a make up story by someone
How do we equate such people.... low lives out to make a quick buck
#$%$ who is out to make money on others misfortune...may they burn in hell.
Excuse me....the relatives are furious for a book published regarding the missing plane, but they are not furious for the two movies are coming out regarding the same subject? My God! What a weird world this is! I better preferred to stay "stuck" back in the '80s! Life was much simpler back then! Today...it's a loony house!
It should be released as a Japanese animated or marvel comics or mystery/suspense book edition to push sales targets.......
so when they gonna make a movie out of it ?.......they can call it...... ''Dude, where's my plane?''
this is obama's fault after all.
your back acne, and piles Obamas fault too?
My dog misbehaved last night. Is that Obama's fault, too? Minnesota winters are cold and long. Is that his fault?
Yes, and it is Obama's fault the price of coffee is going up.
Cashing in on others grief...very nice
where is the draw when almost everyone has a version of their own about the plane for now. the hardest part for any one of us is also the hardest part for those doing the search now which is to prove it.
no public will know what happened except for the officials. so, this case will be left to die in silent as time passed. not evem as a mystery.