Stay tuned for 24/7 coverage from CNN...
Yes, since aircraft parts don't talk they will interview the diver who found the part, then we will proceed to go thru 300 scenarios of how the plane ended up where it did.
And we get to listened to Wolf Blitzer rant on things he knows nothing about.
Can't wait to hear about the how the currents in the Pacific work with large graphics on the giant Ipads.
I am waiting for the real news from Kent Brockman!
They dropped the entire Japanese Tsunami and Reactor disaster far faster they dropped this one flying disaster. It was amazing they amount of time they dedicated, I had to turn off CNN for days on end or was it weeks?
Stay tuned...for more of the ongoing 6-year, 24/7 anti-Obama bashing on Faux News.
It appears that many commenters watch CNN; how else would they know so much about CNN's coverage (which they mock)?
Isn't anti-obama bashing a double negative?
Anti-Obama basing, lol. That means Obama praising. But this guy with the colorful name apparently flunked English. Typical Obama supporter.
GOOD TIMES FOR ALLL AND ALL A GOOD NIGHT!!!
@Doctor Hakeem So what you're saying is that the Liberals, who frequently accuse Conservatives of being mindless zombies that ONLY watch FOXNews, have been proven wrong about their prejudice because those same Conservatives publicly confirmed they watch very Liberal news networks in addition to FN. I just heard the heads of Liberals exploding, realizing this inconvenient truth.
I can't wait until they interview the whale who saw the whole thing. "What was your immediate reaction when you saw the plane hit the water?" "ERRRRWHOOOOOOOOOOO." "Yes, the sad lament of the humpack, absolutely devastated by this tragedy. Back to you, Wolf!"
it's on the air as I digitally speak
all you have to do is flip to another channel and you will not have to listen to it and then you want have to complain.
Can't wait for Fox News to start blaming Obama for not finding the part.
Stuff from the Japan Tsunami washed up on the west coast of the USA so stuff can travel a long way in the ocean. It is unlikely that they will find it given the sheer size of the search area. That expanse of open ocean is probably as remote a location as anywhere on earth.
Finally, the sea gives up a CLUE!
The same kind of clue as that planted Black box with the dying battery heard from during the early phase of the search ??
Backtracking though the currents would be like dropping 100 messages in bottles at the same spot and looking for them on the same beach.
From the beginning, I always thought ,"is there any doubt?" "Any 777 missing part of wing?"
I'm glad they found something, and I hope they continue to find more. I can't even imagine what the families of the people who were on that plane are going through, but I would much rather know that the plane had crashed and that debris was being found than never have ANY idea where it had ended up.
All the B.S. Psychics and Remote Viewers who've been in hiding, will suddenly appear and spin this as their find, but no one would listen scam...
Looks like my conspiracy theory, that it was mistakenly shot down by the Chinese off their coast in the South China Sea and subsequently covered up, was dead wrong. Now it becomes, to me at least, a complete mystery. For the sake of the families, may the answer come soon.
Unless the Chinese planted the part to mislead everyone..
The earlier report was saying the piece of debris was from a Boeing 777. Finally confirmed it is from MH370. That is good news. At least they have been searching in the right part of the world. Lots of area there left to cover. I do hope everything moves faster. I cannot imagine how I would feel if close family members just disappeared on a flight.
didnt they know this already since only 1 777 is missing in the entire world and the flap was already confirmed to be a 777 piece?
They did. They just needed to prove it with hard facts, rather than some process of elimination.
My father's ship, the USS Juneau, was torpedoed and sunk on Nov. 13, 1942, during the Battle of Guadalcanal in the Salmon Islands' Area and he was never heard of again --- nor were the majority of his many shipmates, except for about 10 ... that's was the ship that all five of the Sullivan Brothers was also lost. ... For the rest of my mom's and grandparents' life, they kept thinking and hoping that he and the others made it to some Pacific Island and died of natural causes there rather than drowning or being eaten by sharks. ... Family's hopes **NEVER** fade !!!!! ... I have no memory of my father as I was not yet two years old. ... So folks, don't bad-mouth those still hoping !!!!
Sorry to hear of the loss of your father. He was a true hero as were all his Marine brothers and sailors we lost that day. I can only imagine the thoughts your grandparents went through hoping that he did not suffer. As a parent you never want to know you children are ever suffering.
My sincere condolences for you and your family. Thank you for your sacrifice to protect my freedom.
I don't know about him being a hero; he was, however, a 2nd class Gunnersmate. ... I hated the navy, so after 22 1/2 years, I quit as a Master Chief Petty Officer.
Mr. / Ms. S, not sure if I agree with your conclusions, I seem to remember other reasons also being behind them, not all being wrong but rather intended to prevent some other bad things from happening to our country, allies and to all persons.
Drowning would have been preferred over slowly starving or dying of thirst on some rock in the Pacific. Or worse, captured by the Japanese and tortured.
Joseph, you are right on with that comment. ... While in the Navy, I once had a Division Officer in Hawaii who was a Japanese POW with 5 or 6 bayonet scars and many others on most of his body; but, he survived !!!!! ... I never asked him if he would have preferred death after he was rescued.
@Bill. Thanks for your service Master Chief! I did only seven. MT2(SS) '87-'93. Have a fine Navy day!
@Bill H. My Mother is Filipino so I know of the atrocities of war. My Grandfather was a guerrilla fighter when MacArthur left......and then returned!
This really shouldn't be a surprise to anybody - there was only one Boeing 777 missing - EVER. If the part was identified from a Boeing 777 - well, then it's pretty obvious what flight it came from. Now start playing the currents and time-and-distance calculating game and start looking 1000 miles south of India with sonar.
If it so obvious to u why weren't u the 1 who founded it? Use your brain sometimes.
"it so" obvious? "founded" it? Use YOUR brain sometimes, Luwanda.
It drifted ashore. You didn't FIND IT IT CAME TO YOU.It took it how many months to finally get to you? Don't play the wiseazz, you aren't genius either....
At least it's a confirmation... and the start of closure.
Still have no idea where the main wreckage lies.
I think this piece of wreckage was PLANTED!!!!
Of course you do, Chardonnay. Of course you do.
We thought you had it pegged for us, mark!
At least they found something, better than thinking it vanished like a Twilight Zone episode.
like a fart in the wind
I know; kind of ruins it for me.
Or perhaps hi-jacked by terrorists who wanted to crash it into a building.
Flightplan w/ Jodie Foster. Horrible flick
RIP to all the victims. Hope their families have closure.
Debris found in "Reunion Island". Such a apt name! Finally, and hopefully, the families left behind will begin to have some closure.
A woman in another aircraft flying at cruising altitude reported an aircraft in the sea around the time of the disappearance. She was somewhere in the area of the Andeman islands, the area where the plane was last spotted. She had not known that a plane was missing. When she spoke to people on the ground they brought up the missing plane and told her that she couldn't have seen it because it was lost in the South China Sea. Do a search on "woman reports airplane andeman". This position could have been along the arc defined by the satellite data, and the plane could have been floating and not flying south, and still been on the arc.
It was also in the dead of night, so how could she see it? If it crashed at night it is doubtful it would have still been floating by the morning for her to see. Also doubtful she would have seen it "at cruising altitude" since at that height it would have been a speck on the sea.
At cruising altitude with external location lights on would make it visible. White strobes, red, green.
No, those little lights would not make floating debris visible. You are confusing those lights with the bright landing gear lights.
W G What have you been reading or smoking because you have all the facts wrong plus a phony story. The South China Sea? How about something a little closer.
The South China sea is where the plane had originally been reported missing. Where she saw it it was daytime and the plane would have been in that area by then due to its change in course. The North Equatorial current goes in the direction of Africa from the area of the Andeman Sea and could have helped debris get to where the debris was recently found. I checked online and an airliner should be identifiable from 26 miles...not just seen as a speck. As the lady was flying at an altitude of 7 miles, and happened to be experienced in looking at the sea, it is not unreasonable to say she could see an airliner on the surface of the ocean under the right conditions.
I guess I really don't understand some people's conclusion that if a piece of the plane was found, that that automatically rules out any kind of terrorism or foul play. After all, if I remember right didn't someone purposely, manually, turn the transponder off?
If the parts are numbered, that rules out someone bringing the plane down by terrorism or foul play?.... why? Can numbers be stamped on any part? What do we really know?
Isn't it possible something or somebody from an outside source could have turned off the transponder ?
It doesn't rule out anything the pilot could have driven the plane right into the ocean like that other nut job did a while back. Whatever happened it is so sad for their families.
What actually happened is this: Bin Laden - who is not really dead needs a new body to implant his brain in so he can go about undetected. So he gets Obama to get a bunch of illegal Mexicans to pose as Malaysian pilots (who can tell the difference anyway?). These "pilots" then flew the plane to a remote island in the Indian Ocean. Once there Obama's Death Squads (using Obama Care funds) harvested all the best body parts and organs from the people on board and built a brand new body. Obama himself then transferred Bin Laden's brain into the new body This was then passed on to EPA head Gina McCarthy to use "clean energy" to inject new life into Bin Laden 2.0. Once that was done the plane parts were planted on the beach on that island. Now, with Obama's help, Bin laden will be allowed into the country where he will be appointed second in command to the Sharia Law that Obama will imposed after Martial Law.
I'm more than willing to post this to facebook, so people can share it as the "truth"! Funny stuff!
You make an AIR TIGHT case!
But is BL 2.0 compatible with Windows 10? :-)
What flavor is that Kool aid?
What a ridiculous comment by asdad. With good lighting, almost anyone can tell the difference between Mexicans and Malaysians. Anyway, Malaysians don't even speak Mexican.
@Leo - Bigger than W's apparently.
Considering there weren't any other 777 crashed anywhere near there, there were no other possibilities. It was just a matter of confirmation.
I think the only other 777 that have been lost/crashed are the one that hit the runway in San Fran and the one shot down in Ukraine. If it was a 777 part, it really had to be from that plane unless some loose parts got lost off a cargo ship or something.
It's fairly easy to confirm. There are a lot of serialized parts used in aircraft manufactoring, especially the larger assemblies. If there was a component with a serial # they just check the records. Boeing and/or the aircraft owner would have those records for life of the aircraft.
@X: I'm sure that was the reason for the delay in announcement. The officials were probably checking the serial number of the part with Boeing to confirm that it came from MH370. By the way the finding of this part does nothing to dispel the conspiracy theories out there. There is no "closure" until the rest of the wreckage is found the boxes are analyzed.
@stig -- yea all jetliner parts are numbered and extensively documented for safety and recall reasons. If they find a defect they need to be able to know what planes have that same part to stop them from flying. Tracking this part should be easy unless someone screwed up somewhere.
So much for all the conspiracy nuts who believed the plane was parked somewhere waiting to be used as a flying bomb. Now, hopefully, some of the family can start to find some closure.
It will be refreshing not to hear from those whackjobs who thought they had some special knowledge that air crash investigators don't have because they know that stuff on an aircraft floats. What a bunch of ignoramuses.
Or that was just some debris planted by the ones that are covering it up just to satisfy the sheeple that believe everything on TV.
Really? Boeing confirmed based on the numbers that this was definitely from a Boeing 777 the day after it was found. Since there is only 1 missing 777 in the history of Boeing, they could have made this ruling last week. Now the scientist will go work investigating the attached sea life to track it's path.
Trust a Malaysian PM charged with corruption to say something just to end the search. It's not over until the real experts make the announcement and provide proof of their findings.
Which I keep getting Zoolander flash back of him being programmed to kill the Malaysian PM
Interesting that reporters at CNN, like Richard Quest, keep saying that it was a mechanical failure. These are the same reporters who for days kept saying that 911 must of be a computer problem within the flight control tower. They just can't say the "T" word.
Malaysians haven't exactly been the best source of information...
But the flaperon is in the hands of the French, and Boeing engineers went to verify.
If all the parts show up on that island, its name will be quite ironic...
Now, NOW is the time to send in the Yahoo internet sleuths and keyboard warriors! They are the only hope we have of cracking this case!
Where's Nancy Drew when we need her?
I'm actually surprised someone hasn't found the plane on Google Earth before now.
At least they're good for some laughs at how whack their theories are.
Heart breaking! Was hoping all passengers are alive, even news of any kind of hijacking was welcome over such tragedy! Heartily condolence to families of the MH370 passengers and crew. May the Almighty sooth their unfathomable pain.
Hope families will get some sort of closure now.. It is way better than uncertainty.
I think this should help bring closure.
The sun is hot and night is dark. Now that this flap is part of the missing airplane, hope the family's can start to understand that it crashed.
There are a few other islands East of there. I hope somebody has thought to go check those shores.
The MH370 incident is a huge tragedy that Malaysia never wanted to happen, and the loss of lives was huge. During the early stage of its disappearance, families of Chinese victims behaved outrageously toward Malaysia and hindered the search mission. Let's hope they are sensible now and willing to lend a hand to Malaysia to solve this mysterious problem.
I was sure that this debris was from MH370, but then the Malaysian experts say that it was, now I'm not sure anymore.
Glad they finally figured it out too bad the Today show didn't get the news this morning. I hope they find the black boxes so they can find out the cause.
The part was removed from the intact, hijacked airplane (which is hidden in a terrorist hangar in Kenya). After removal the part was made to look like it was damaged in a ditching incident and purposely placed on that beach as a diversion. Meanwhile, a new part has been installed on the missing airplane so that it can be used as a weapon of mass destruction It will be filled with John Kerry and Barack Obama clones who will be parachuted at strategic drop points, where they will spread stupidity, confusion and ignorance on unsuspecting citizenry of the world.
As a diversion from what? From searching where they were searching? Which is the same place they found the part? Idiot. That's not much of a diversion. In fact, they didn't even have to do that to make them search in the Indian Ocean because THEY WERE ALREADY SEARCHING THERE!!!
And I love that Futtheshuckup called you an idiot when he / she didn't even understand your post.
Interesting that the airplane part shows up on an island named Reunion.
Yeah I thought that too. We must be the only ones;-)
This is a good thing! Victim's families can finally have closure. What it means is that plane is also largely intact somewhere in that ocean.
Flee I fail to see where this gives the families closure. ? It certainly gives more meaning to no one knows what the hell happened. That one wing means nothing to the families in the way of knowing if this was a suicidal pilot, terriost, or mechanical failure.
Well, it for sure means they didn't land on an island and are being kept prisoner by Obama or whatever it is the loons contend.
Irish, it gives some form of closure because they no longer have to live with the excuse of "we have no idea where your loved ones are because they vanished without a trace". Now at least they know that the plane went down and they know that it's out there in the ocean somewhere. It won't give full closure as finding the bodies and having their funerals will, but at least it's no longer a "vanished plane" mystery with no clues.
it's a big ocean. Anything can vanish out there. Amazing the found this evidence.
News couldn't come at a better time. The PM embezzled #$%$ loads of money and this news could be sensationalized to cover that up.
If it had been bombed out of the sky don't terrorist groups name themselves to take the glory and responsibility for it?
I concluded it a week ago by process of elimination. Aviation expert? Hardly. But I did stay at a Holiday Inn Express last night.
The theory buffs say abductors removed the flap from wing and dumped it off the coast of the Island. The plane and passengers will reappear in the next Spielberg space movie. I say not.
And there were no planes on 911, yada yada.
I am sure the conspiracy will now begin...yawn. Not everything is a conspiracy regardless of what many knuckleheads will tell you.
Feel terrible that the families are finally going to get the news they've long awaited for. Sad. I guess this also blows those conspiracy theorist that thought the flight was hijacked and was going to be outfitted as a bomb to be used later on. Of course none of those nut-jobs will come on here and eat their humble pie.
@tung1. Really? I thought that was what the article was about.
What is the point of this article? I got the whole story they provided from the title. I hope the families of those lost on the flight can get some sort of peace now.
they will spend billions trying to find all the parts.
Hopefully they are with Jack, Kate and Sawyer...
Stuck somewhere in the '70's. The horror....
It is still a reasonable probability , not confirmation yet. Tomorrow the third expert will make the final conclusion. Tomorrow, tomorrow, it will be tomorrow.
Aviation experts? Took a week? I guess I can understand that. After a week of booze and prostitutes, somebody finally looked at the piece and found a part number.
Not Rocket Science as just chasing serial #'s. Don't know why it took so long but I understand Socialistic Countries like France do everything at their countries benefit and not at the victims families best interest. Period.
Because they shorten their work week. One day work, 3 days off.
Prayers, positive thoughts, everything, goes out to these families and investigators. Please find truthful answers and closure for them soon.
First of all, condolences to the families of the passengers. However, I'm skeptical about whether the prime minister is really telling the truth here, or just rushing things to get closure. Last year after the plane first disappeared, he said "With deep sadness, MH370 has gone down in the southern Indian Ocean", or something like that, with just rudimentary revelations that the plane turned south.
Yeah, I thought other news reports said that the debris was NOT from the Malaysian flight.
Ummm, was there ever any doubt? Yeah, I guess there was by intellectual cowards who are incapable of piecing together facts to come to a valid conclusion without a multinational corporation telling them what to think.
This tells us NOTHING other than "Yes, the plane crashed and you are looking in the right 10,000 square mile area. Until we get a black (bright orange in reality) box back and can read the data we'll NEVER know why the plane went in. Even most of the wreckage if found wouldn't help much other than to guess if the plane was somewhat in control or just crashing fast when it hit. Interesting but ultimately not very useful information will be about all we get from this.
There are people who believed that the aircraft did NOT crash, but actually landed in some secret location. THAT belief has now been debunked. So this was in fact very useful information.
It doesn't even tell us that. It tells us that a piece of the plane was found, and not anything about how it got there.
@J How about these scenario. The plane was hijacked and landed safely. Once landed the part in question was removed and tossed into the ocean for the purpose of being found. A new part was fabricated to replace the missing part of the aircraft (which was confirmed destroyed) and the fixed aircraft could be used as a weapon of terror without the suspicion of being stolen.
@S "This doesn't even tell us the plane crashed." Are you suggesting that the plane landed safely, was dismantled, then a piece of the wing was discarded into the ocean? Come on, of course it crashed!
@J Most likely it did crash but until we get all the proof and see the actual crash we can't be 100% sure. Terrorists have carried out some very complex schemes in the past and there is no reason to think they would not carry out one with this plane.
OK, you have all now convinced me that there is a distinct possibility the plane DID NOT CRASH. I am going with an abduction by an alien spacecraft. Yeah, that's what I'm going to tell everyone as yo what happened. Idiots!
@J Why did the government bring writers and movie producers to think tanks after 9-11? This is how these terrorists think and nothing should be assumed. Yes, most likely the plane crashed but it's foolish to think that as a fact until we actually see the crash site and\or find the black box. A piece of wing washing up on sure is far from certainty.
Earth to Derek L... the 'crash site' is the Indian Ocean. Debris will be scattered far and wide.
This is going to send the conspiracy people into a tailspin. 'No, no, that isn't right..the government hijacked that plane, landed it at Diego Garcia, murdered all the passengers then destroyed the pane and buried it on the island...' Don't laugh...I know at least three people who truly believe that....
That's too mundane, you can do better.
@Funashhi...that isn't a direct quote but the shortened version of the argument. Trust me, the longer version would have taken a few days to write out.
Finally these families can have some kind of closure. May they find the peace and the answers they so desperately need.
Bittersweet for the families. At least they will have closure.
How? There's still no info on why& where the plane went down.
So many theories that suggested their loved ones may still be alive. Now they know it's impossible.
How do they know this? Only a VERY small section of one wing has been found.
This is what happened: Terrorists hijacked the plane and landed it in Iran. Then they took a piece of the wing and dunked it in the Persian Gulf for a few months to grow barnacles. Then they took that part and dumped it near Reunion island. Now everyone thinks the plane crashed in the ocean. Either that, or the plane flew higher and higher into Earth's orbit and those poor people have been up there, orbiting, ever since and are probably close to running out of snacks and sandwiches.
*Think Doc has been smoking the #$%$, he's been prescribing. lol
and the good doctor probably still believes the moon is made of green cheese
DOC You forgot it was George Bush and the CIA that planned it.
Do you write scripts for T.V. mystery shows?
Regarding tragic loss of life, Kiev was the one directing commercial airlines directly through a hot war zone where military aircraft were being targeted. Very predictable results. This was no different motive than when the anti Syrian fighters led foreign reporters into sniper kill zones in order to make the Syrian Government look bad. Sadly, innocent people are the ones who are made to suffer.
"Closure" is a misnomer. There is no such a thing for the families and friends of the victims. The only closure was experienced by the Muslim terrorist who sent them to their deaths. Once again, my condolences to the families and friends of the victims.
So anyway... Where do you draft Brady with the suspension?
EXACTLY in the direction of MH370's last heading. Imagine that.
What -- not at all -- have you even looked at a map?? this is near Madagascar the plane was flying north before the turn and south afterwards. This is almost straight west.
Perhaps this story could be more interesting if linked to a few missing Penthouse and Playboy models, who had wild sex parties with the Sultan of Brunei and his cousins in his harem, before boarding Malaysia Air flight MH370...
The clues will be useless as we all suspect this flight was ditched in the ocean by a member of the crew, the only possible question is motive or an act of insanity.
meaning it was impossible the two people on board w stolen passports could have attempted a hijack or blown it out of the sky? or straight mechanical failure? they might never know what happened but i think your conclusion is no better than others.
The guesses concerning what happened to this plane will continue until the plane is actually found but it could still be years before the wreckage is located. The relatives of the missing people deserve answers as quickly as humanly possible.
One way to help pinpoint where flight MH370 may have crashed is to release tennis balls injected with water to increase their specific gravity and label the tennis balls with the release sight, date of release and where they were found when near were the part of the airliner was found. A large amount of tennis balls could be used inexpensively and give searchers an idea where to look for the lost airliners.
Would it hurt to list why it has been confirmed, like a serial number or something?
International, team and expert does not go together!
Uh, didn't the Malaysians LIE about some facts right after this happened?
Sure did, and probably lying now too!
Sad but great that now they can put some closure to this tragic accident. Hope they find it all and the Families can get their closure too. God Bless them all,
How I wish ALL the Kartrashians (real and man made women) were on that plane!
Now let's hope the wreckage is found. The families have gone through enough.
Awesome. And now the parts and pieces are being removed to storage in AREA 51 in Nevada, n'est-ce pas?
I don't believe this. The real plane was zapped by aliens for human experiments. Someone is trying to cover something up. The aliens are coming, and coming soon. They won't be in human form either. We are in for some scary times. Wonder what type of experiments they are doing on them.
They are dead, end of mystery.
The French forensic experts are truly fantastic.
How it was shot down is in one of Hillary's emails.
So what is the point of this story.... The international team (experts hopefully) can't confirm this and the Prez isn't and expert. So, its no better then they saying they can't confirm but me (a minion to the man) says it is. Who are you going to believe? I would think that the families want the truth and not the hope of a belief of some dude who is NOT an expert. He should shut his mouth and not mislead families wit hfalse hope! And Reuters should be ashamed of even presenting this opinonated, no different than Fox News story.
There were a team of experts who actually confirmed that the piece was from that plane, the president was merely relaying the message. He wouldn't know one airplane part from another, but the guys that flew over from Boeing do.
1ELCOL: Re-read the article CAREFULLY. Your concerns will be answered.
RIP to those passengers... now it's time to find the rest of the plane.
And this does not leave out terrorists/hijacked possibilities. It just means that the part is from the plane... where is the plane and why did it go down?
Well, if it were a terrorist attack there would have been some group claiming responsibility and letting the world know WHY they did it. It's possible that it could have been "pilot suicide" but if that were the case, why deviate from the plane's original flight path? What I find most likely is that there was some catastrophic event/failure in the cabin and the abrupt course change was a drastic attempt by the pilot(s) to turn the plane around and head for the nearest runway capable of landing a 777. The crew (and passengers) most likely were overcome (by smoke if there was a fire or by loss of oxygen if the plane rapidly depressurized) and the plane continued flying in that (altered) direction until running out of fuel. I remember reading something, back when this first happened, that the plane could continue flying even with the auto-pilot being set.
I'm not buying it just yet. The government of that toilet country isn't trustworthy on ANY subject, especially one that would make them look dumb. Sorry to say, but this whole new mess looks kind of staged, in order to END the story. A little too convenient.
I'm so glad that the family and friends of those who perished on this flight can finally have some closure. Bless them all.
Other than eliminate the theories of conspiracy theorists, the wing tells us nothing. The only thing that will tell the world conclusively what happened are the black boxes. Personally, I think that it was one of the two pilots. That is the most reasonable and simplest answer.
How does it eliminate theories? We only know that it's from the plane, we have ZERO idea what happened.
Maybe it would be better to await a more reliable source to announce the findings. His track record is one open to questionable thought.
His track record stinks to high heaven, and I hope the families know that, and don't believe a word he says!!
Thoughts and prayers go out to the families.
How far is reunion from the flight path we think the plane took? Next what are the currents of the sea in that area? The plane probably broke up on entry into the sea but that doesn't mean we can't get closure for these families.
Soon, the families will have a reunion on Reunion.
I think there will be teams looking for the plane until they find it, though it might take years. Every plane crash yields information that makes flying safer, and this is no exception. But time and ocean currents means this debris could have been floating for months, and circled the entre Indian Ocean a couple of times. I seriously doubt it will provide any clues as to the main wreckage site, but one can hope. The real benefit to the families -- if you can call it that -- is that there is no longer any doubt as to the fate of the plane. There is closure, the plane did crash, no one survived.
It's far. And the part had been drifting for over a year, in currents that are complex.
Yes" the Malaysian government has been so trust worthy thus far. The Malaysian government just want's this put to bed. It could be from any flight, that was a 777 and it carries no serial numbers... Yeah" sure we believe you ????
Where in the American English language do you find the word "want's."???????????????
Glad there can at least a little bit of closure for the families who lost their loved ones in the now-confirmed crash. Holding out hope that the black box will wash up somewhere else so the full mystery can be solved.
I doubt even that will resolve this one to everyone's satisfaction.
@dott: There is never any satisfaction to a tragedy like this, even if people know absolutely everything that happened exactly from start to finish.
True, but when they try to simply ignore the, um, "irregularities" of the flight's known movements after the last communication.... well, that doesn't help at all.
It was those penguins from Madagascar! I knew it!
Don't forget the lemurs. No one ever suspects the lemurs.
Its would be one hell of a coincidence if it was not the MH370 now wouldn't it?
It would be absolutely Shocking !! Imagine 24 hours of breaking news about it for weeks and weeks and weeks.
Ay, how bout some of that 57 for my Hashbrowns?
I keep wondering why NASA was able to track the debris field of the last rocket that blew up but they can't find this plane.
Because NASA looks for things in space, not the ocean. Maybe if you educated yourself a little bit you wouldn't have to keep wondering..............................
Radar doesn't blanket the entire earth. When this plane went off radar, it was for all intents and purposes, invisible.
Maybe if you'd educate yourself you would realize they tracked it after it blew up.In other words...IT WAS IN THE OCEAN.Try reading and UNDERSTANDING before you type.
NASA is very good at the recovery aspect Barry.
Canned Heat has a pickled brain....................
I will try hold my tongue until the actual plane is found.
Did not take a 187 experts to reach this conclusion. A team of five from Boeing would have done the trick.
Or one civilian without the benefits of union pay.... There is only ONE 777 missing in that part of the world. Right ?
I'm shocked - I was really thinking this was from the other 777 which crashed...
If they don't find any more parts or debris from this plane, it will be an even bigger mystery. For a piece this big to be knocked loose from the plane, there should be thousands of pieces of debris floating out there, if they don't find much else then you have to ask the question why not.
because its all under the ocean....
Knocked loose? The plane broke apart when it crashed.
There are thousands of things on a plane and in the luggage and cargo that would float, so if this piece floated then where is the other things that would have floated. Yes it would take a violent crash to break this part away from the rest of the wing so there should have been lots of things knocked loose.
frank, i think that may be correct, a mathematician has already shown how the plane could go underwater intact (without breaking up)
The piece they found was broken off, it's hard to believe that as big as this piece is that it was the only thing that would have come off of the plane. So we will see if anything else shows up.
The ocean is a huge place and floating trash usually goes unreported. I heard an interview with someone on the island who said she now regrets not having reported what in retrospect may have been an airplane wheel in the surf. She said surf was high so she did not even think about trying to retrieve it herself. Whether is was a wheel or not will never be known. It moved on.
Remarkable grasp of the obvious. Are they a bunch of fools. Are we? Is anybody in charge?
Paul, the experts knew. They just needed to give definitive proof to the public rather than giving them a gut feel based on the fact that the only missing 777 was the 370. As a professional, I wouldn't release a statement to the world on a gut feeling based on just that logic. The experts knew that the families of the victims wouldn't accept that based on gut feel. I wouldn't either.
Well hopefully the rest of the plane will be found intact.
Thanks but I think I'll wait until I actually hear from the international team of experts most especially the French or Americans before I declare this mystery solved.
Maybe Spectre has more information that you will believe.
How about an expert from BOEING???!!!!! I don't trust anyone else. They are trying to put an end to it, that's all.
and it doesn't solve the mystery, it is really just a "bread crumb" for us to follow to see what else we can find.
Even if the part has been identified as a part of a Boeing 777, without the plane itself, I doubt they can do more than assume it was from the MH370. I agree with Chardonnay - I have no faith in anything the Malaysian PM has to say.
Yeeah - The world is waiting for Mr. Bond to declare mystery as solved. FYI - ROW does not trust your sources, Mr. Bond
I assume Boeing bowed out to let him make this announcement. We'll be hearing from the real authorities soon.
Given that Malaysia is considered by ICAO as the lead investigating authority, it's up to them to make the announcement
Be quiet Malaysia. We haven't forgotten how you handled the aftermath of this crash. Let the trustworthy countries make this announcement.
By international treaty, they are the lead investigators in this crash and are the ones to make such announcements
I hope CNN and Fox put those "experts" back on the air who assured us that the plane was hidden in a jungle, being retrofitted to drop nukes on the U.S. I'd like to hear what they have to say now.
FOLKS, THERE WAS ANOTHER 'SOMETHING' THAT WAS FOUND AND THAT WAS WHAT WAS VERIFIED AS NOT FROM THE MISSING FLIGHT ... NOT THE WING PART.
I read that yesterday here on yahoo. Now they're saying it is.
SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS This is a FOX News alert. Lieutenant General Tom McInerney was among the very first to say that the Malaysian airliners jetliner could have been hijacked and it could have landed in Pakistan. Today he's doubling down on that claim, and he's here now to join us and explain what he means by that.
Looks like the island full of topless natives in the Indian ocean were right. They waived as It flew low overhead
Wow!Maybe now they can find all of it and determine what really did happen.Plus give all of those families some closure.
Why? Is there any doubt the people are dead? Even with a general idea where it might be it would still cost tens of millions of dollars to search the bottom of the ocean.
PB that has got to be one of the most idiotic comments I have ever seen not to mention insensitive!So you are saying that were your family onboard that plane you wouldn't like to know what happened for sure?If you are in fact saying that please just stop inhaling oxygen and save it for the rest of us!
PB53044 - They will still need to find the main wreckage and determine the cause. Boeing needs to know if they need to recall any parts or change maintenance schedules/routines. Look at Air France Flight 447. While they removed the first major wreckage and two bodies from the sea within five days of the accident, they didn't find the aircraft's black boxes until nearly two years later.
Here is what happened: Terrorists hijacked the plane and landed it in Iran. Then they took a piece of the wing and dunked it in the Persian Gulf for a few months to grow barnacles. Then they took that part and dumped it near Reunion island. Now everyone thinks the plane crashed in the ocean. Either that, or the plane flew higher and higher into Earth's orbit and those poor people have been up there, orbiting, ever since and are probably close to running out of snacks and food.
here's is what happened ... Idiots post far out ideas.
What a shock. These 777 lose a least 1 or 2 flaperons per flight, and there are thousands floating in the Indian ocean alone. What were the odds it was from the only missing 777 in the world?
A bit morbid, but not too bad. Gets the point across.
The search area is now too vast. And for all we know it could be even larger. They do not have the manpower. Give it up. If something else pops up then we'll take it from there. Otherwise, fergedaboudit.
Are they going to provide the information that made them come to this conclusion so confidently? While I believe that they're right (can't be too many 747 parts just floating around out there), more details would be nice.
Probably more 747 parts than 777 parts. But why quibble over such minutiae.
There are serial numbers on the wing. Do you really think there are multiple airline crashes in the Pacific?
Wow Joe and MJ, you got all those thumbs up for correcting what was a minor mistake when I typed my comment. You must feel real big and proud of yourselves. Forget the military and veterans. People like you make the world a better place!
Jayelcey: Your mistake wasn't minor. The entire logic of this discovery was based on it being a 777, as opposed to anything else. Minor mistake is when you confuse, "your" with "you're."
Jayelcey - HAHA!! pllllllllbbbbbbtttttttttttt IT'S HUGE. The only thing those planes have in common is the maker's name. If you are that ignorant, and the 4 is get this, 3 keys away from the 7 on your little typewriter thingy, AND it is stroked by opposite hands, then go post on a kartrashian commentary. Don't be so defensive. Oh wait, you're WRONG, I get it .
It's irrelevant. Anyone who read the article knows that it was a 777. My point was that there just aren't many airliner parts floating around out there. They can determine about how long it was there too, so the number of parts floating around for as long as that one would even be slimmer. You guys are just pretending to be smart by pointing out an obvious error akin to a typo. When I typed my comment, 747 came to mind despite me knowing that it was a 777 because I read the article. It was a mere oversight since I didn't proofread, but at least it gives you a much needed self esteem boost, doesn't it? Poor little fellers...
Jay - You made a error and were corrected. The error you made was relevant. Why not just acknowledge your error and move on? Refusing to acknowledge an error does much more harm to your credibility than saying "thanks for catching it". BTW - the last I heard, the French investigators had not made a firm declaration that the debris came from the missing plane.
I noted that it was an oversight when I typed it. What do you want me to do, break down and give a tearful apology? lol #$%$, your name says it all.
Jay - When I make a relevant typo and notice it, I immediately post a correction. If Somebody else is the first to notice, I simply say "You are right. I made a typo." I do not see any need to make convoluted excuses or to "break down and give a tearful apology". In this case, the distinction between 747 and 777 matters because far more 747s than 777s have been built (and destroyed) so it is less clear which plane a 747 part must be from.
Well, good for you, DLCK. You must be so proud of yourself for making the obvious oversight which was me accidentally saying 747 (the household name of Boeing models) rather than 777 the center of the conversation. If you and these other nitwits didn't have an answer to my actual question from my original comment, then you could have easily just moved along. Instead, you chose to stick around and troll and then pretend to justify it through shaming. lol Apparently you're bitter, lonely, and lack serious self esteem, but that's not my problem. Even your attempt to make yourself look smart fell flat on its face. Sorry that you have to be you, sir. There's your apology. ;)
If they find the aircraft they should leave it alone. The bodies are gone do to sea life. The only thing needed is the Black boxes and Voice recorders. It should be considered a grave site. Use deep sea camera's to look at the debri and damage.
Sorry, but when it's a mystery, they have to bring up the plane if they can to see if they can figure out why it went down. Just remember, what if it is some type of mechanical issue... can this be prevented in the future?
What difference does it make? They will not change the search area. They already said they are confident it is in that area....... And yet after almost 18 months its still not found but, we have technology that can detect a gun being fired 8 miles away via audio and thermal detections. We have technology that can see and accurately predict the travel of a planet outside our galaxy yet we cannot put a damn tracking mechanism on a plane that can effectively ping loud enough for the plane to be found. We landed a freaking scientific platform on a moving comet that can talk to us millions of miles away and yet we cannot locate a plane here on palnet earth... I'M JUST SAYING!
You do know how big the ocean floor is? I'm just saying.
Do you know how big the freaking Galaxy is and we can track objects the size of a Volkswagon with pin point accuracy.
Yep. It is a matter of priorities. I have worked with this technology thru out my career (now retired). We really should have been able to find it within a day or two at most. We do have such capabilities. I do have very little trust in the Malaysian gov't however.
"yet we cannot put a damn tracking mechanism on a plane that can effectively ping loud enough for the plane to be found." We certainly CAN do that, the reason they don't is because things like that tend to require electricity to run, and when a plane crashes its engines typically stop running and therefore stop generating electricity. If you add a huge battery system then the system is more easily destroyed during a crash. Try smashing that gun detector, NASA computer and comet lander into the ocean at speed and let it sink to the bottom and see how well they run then.
Joe, I spent years working with the military on emergency locator/transmitter systems. They make long lasting lithium batteris in seals components that can ping loud enugh but, airlines are too cheap to upgrade. they use cost analysis to wiegh upgrading a fleet versus loss of life payouts. guess which one is cheaper? I say if they are too cheap to pay for it than they shoudl foot the entire bill for the search effort. We as a coalition menber searching for this plane garner nothing but, debt in the effort to find the plane. There is not a single national interest in it for us.
So, you asked a question that you already knew the answer to?
They actually have the technology to report their location to satellites every minute (or less) but the FAA won't make it mandatory because the airlines are complaining about the cost.
I never asked a question, I stated a fact, that we can do all these great things "yet we cannot put a damn tracking mechanism on a plane that can effectively ping loud enough for the plane to be found." Meaning we cannot do simple tasks. I never said the technology did not exist.
Where are your statistics for the facts that you claim are true?
And if i read correctly you can only PING the black box for a certain period of time, after the plane has gone down. That is why they wouldn't find it quick enough. I could be wrong though. You seem to have all the answers, so why don't you go to the airline companies and present them with your idea or fact?
You didn't state facts, because you said we "cannot" do those things, when in fact you claim we can. You blatantly said that we cannot do those things, which would mean that the technology doesn't exist. The question is implied because you made the statements in a way that indicated you didn't understand why we cannot do those things. There's no reason to post what you did the way you did, if you actually knew that what you were posting is incorrect. I guess my point is, you're an idiot, and I highly doubt you've ever worked with the military on anything other than unclogging a toilet.
Sad, but at least the families have closure.
My wife is Malaysian Chinese, and she hates the Taliban Malays...
You mean I didn't tell you?
The only question I have, is how did they make that determination?
probably part numbers. There are undoubtedly serial numbers etched into components.
Serial numbers on the plane parts, I believe.
I thought they said there was some kind of part # on that piece that they had to match to information in their records-I could be wrong
From what I've read, if it is a piece of that type of plane, it has to be THAT plane, because no other one is missing.
No one in Malaysia trusts the PM or how this whole thing has been handled, I'm going to wait for another source to confirm it before I believe it
They truthfully have not identified anything other than it being a wing part from a 777. They are desperate to close the investigations to this quickly. I believe as do others that the wing part and luggage, etc. was planted. That 777 is still intact and being refitted for a suicide flight to some place of importance in the world at some future date. This is not the only plane that has come up missing. There are others.
Stewart show is the best..guess Ill stick with Yahoo. Thanks!
The flaperon they found consists of many parts that all have serial#s and part#s that can be traced through records to that plane
He pointed for instance to the paint on the piece - which has already been confirmed as coming from a Boeing 777 plane - as a key element of the probe. 'Every airline paints their planes in a certain way ... and if the paint used is used by Malaysia Airlines and other companies, there may be more certainty,' he said.
every component on an aircraft is tracable back to the sorce of manufature of the raw materials.
Now the search begins again. They could at least determine from the ocean currents where other parts may lie. There is no doubt this was not an accident, but none of it can be confirmed until they find the black boxes. There is so much evil in this world - hopefully the evil that caused this will suffer greatly now and in eternity.
France can figure this out? They cant figure out why all the illegals flooded their shores!
Real inspectors from BOEING need to determine this, not that Malaysian president!
Folk who do you think the real inspectors notified first?
I think everybody knew this was from MH370 as soon as it was determined to be from a 777. Really what else, since there is only one 777 missing. But having followed so many false leads and so many false clues and misinformation over the last 18 months with the family's suffering so much disappointment I think they wanted to be able to say absolutely positively it was from MH370, for the family's sake.
Thus endeth the alien and terrorist abduction theories.
Not likely. The next time a conspiracy theorist admits they were wrong will be the first time. They'll just say this piece of wreckage is a fake somehow.
So are they going to move the search to the island and heading east or just hold onto the idea of a satellite ping telling them where to look instead of the last known direction, which was west and not south.
The location of the piece confirms an Indian Ocean ditching somewhere between there and Australia - right where they have been searching (and still are).
Things float and given over a year they can float a long way.
The location of this piece, bearing in mind ocean currents broadly confirms they already have been searching the ocean floor in the right area.
Victims' families can have some CLOSURE now.
there is no such thing as closure
I think the majority of them have given up hope of the passengers being found alive. Once they've found the actual crash site, recovered whatever is still there, and determined what caused the crash, then they will have FULL disclosure. Even then, there will probably be some who will not be satisfied.
This could be planted evidence. There are over 300 Life Vests and over 300 Seat Cushions that should be floating somewhere. They should be showing up in mass quantities on beaches and they are not. Every Life Vest and every Seat Cushion has a Serial Number. I don't buy this one piece now we know BS.
They would only be washing ashore if they were deployed.
They were impressively wrong with their search area if that's the case!
dirt rider... wasn't learning about ocean currents supposed to be the SAR professionals? Like I said, they were pretty far off on their calculations
The people knowledgeable about such things said months ago that eventually any floating parts would end up near Africa and Madagascar...............................
Oh well, such professional calculations!!! My goodness. Please don't reproduce.
Dont believe the hype...Until they find more(if they ever do). Its very easy for the government to say what the people want to hear....Im not trying to be a conspiracy theorist but i was always taught to "believe half of what you see and none of what you hear" ...
And im ok with that... I prefer not to be a sheep who thinks just because a government says something,it must be true..Sorry i need real proof... You know,a government once said the Earth was flat.
This was on Hillary's cellphone for months...
They could have determined that in five minutes. No wonder this search has been such a joke.
They determined it was from a Boeing 777 right away, but they need to make 100% sure it came from this missing plane. Plus they are looking at the marine life to figure out where it came from.
Well, considering their is not another 777 in the world that is missing, the odds were 99.9% in favor of this being part of the wreckage. And it took a week.
Searchers need to think like the suicide pilot. Start your search at the deepest spot on record at the time, because that is where he put the plane - I guarantee it.
Interesting they now put together a simulation of how the currents moved things after the things were found, hmmmm not too clever.
At least the families have some sort of closure.
This plane was actually hijacked and ended up in Russia in order to apprehend scientists who were onboard. This plane was then secretly sent to Europe and put back in the Malaysian airline fleet. It was next shot down while flying over Ukraine, and the Russians hurriedly went in and confiscated all the parts from the wreckage, which were later placed on this island in the Indian Ocean. Believe what you want, but the news that gets reported is not really news, but propaganda used to cover up and influence people's opinions and set the agenda of the Marxists who are now in power.
TELL ME YOU REALLY DON'T BELIEVE THIS, THOMAS
So much for the alien abduction theory.
What makes you think they needed the aircraft?
The aliens are still using anal probes....so be carefiull.
Still valid...no bodies were found! They're being cloned and will lead the attack force against the earth.
@Kevin -- I for one welcome our new Clone Overlords! : )
After them saying it wasn't from the plane. It this the final most final decision?
when did they say it wasn't from the plane?
the part is a wing flap and a Boeing 777 has four and could certainly continue to fly with just three.
All airliners are visually inspected before each flight, and something like this would have been discovered over the past 17 months. If one ever came up missing on an A/C, Boeing would have a record of supplying a replacement and would ahve had to do an investigation to ensure taht this wasn't a design problem that needed to be corrrected
The idea that a 777 could be flying around without a flaperon is ridiculous. That's what I'm talking about
I'm not saying it's from another plane. I'm saying it doesn't necessarily mean that MH370 crashed.
The analysis of the part indicated that it was deformed by going through MACH 1. The 777 can't fly that fast except in a very steep dive. They crashed into the ocean.
It is possible that them terrorists cut one chunk off the plane, took a boat ride with it over yonder in the ocean and dumped it.
Anything is possible; that doesn't mean everything is probable. There is absolutely no reason for any to throw aircraft parts in the Indian Ocean
Good thing the Malaysians have never been wrong before!
I totally agree! Hasty conclusion to cover their own #$%$.
Praise the Lord. The families can finally put their loved ones to rest.
Obama's fingerprints are all over this one.
Hopefully the friends and relatives will be able to finally get some closure from this tragedy.
The bottom of the Indian Ocean is something like 15 Empire State buildings deep. Leave it alone.
Lol. It's a lot, lot, LOT deeper than that. Doesn't mean we should leave it alone. It means it will take a long time are require some luck to find...
Didn't GOD verify it by sending some dude to find it with dreams and visions?
Won't be long and they'll find the survivors! Get well soon!!
What is the big deal? This story is old and not interesting anymore.
Anyone who's been on a ship in that area knows the currents flow west to east, so this plane part either floated 3000 miles against the current and prevailing winds, or MH370 did end up near Diego Garcia
Diego Garcia is still 1500 miles EAST of Reunion Island so your prevailing current statement is still nonsense.
Which would mean that US RADAR OPERATORS "saw" this aircraft .
South Indian ocean currents are counterclockwise and are consistent with debris coming from west Australia.
Well, this just got a whole lot stranger given the condition of this piece of debris. It does not fit the theory of a high speed nose dive. Fortunately, the families of those lost are one step closer to closure.
I didn't know there was a theory to fit in a crash. Just thought it happened and stuff went wherever it wanted to!!!
Having done aircraft crash investigations in the past (in the USAF), there is no "fitting" any theories, when dealing with plane crashes. I've gone to scenes where we knew the plane hit at high speed, low angle of attack, but somehow parts from the nose, mid-section and tail all came to rest against each other, and none in line with the trajectory of the plane at impact. Even with a really good grasp of physics, it was sometimes really hard to figure out how things ended up where they were, and how main components could be destroyed, while fragile components were intact.
Everybody who has any aviation experience knew a week ago this was from MH370. They are just being really sensitive about telling the relatives the obvious.
Strongly believing and actually knowing are two different things. Jumping to conclusions, even if they turn out to be accurate, is sloppy science.
You didn't even need aviation experience to know that. It had a part number on it. That part number is shown, in text and in diagram, in the 777 maintenance manual as a 777 flaperon. There only missing flaperons are attached to MH370. MH370 is the only possible contributor of the flaperon. Anyone with a smidgen of intelligence, logic and common sense can come to that conclusion. The problem is that we have become a nation of intellectual cowards who are afraid to do our own thinking without some corporation telling us what to think.
Former naval aviation, I have a few USNA classmates lost in aviation mishaps, It generally doesn't take this long for the two men in uniform to show up on Mom's doorstep.
Apples and kangaroos. Got any valid comparisons to use?
Seems to me if there's a wing, there should be more, where's the rest of it? I'm not buying it. Sorry to the families, but I hope they have rest and peace knowing that it's out of their hands, it's in God's hands, they'll learn someday what really happened, if they need to.
The indian ocean is huge. A 777 is just a tiny speck, especially when it falls into miles deep water that we have never really explored.
"that it's out of their hands, it's in God's hands" That's REALLY distressing. The plane and passengers were in God's hands and look how badly he dropped the ball on that one.
John don't be so hard on Thor -- Loki stole the magic item and he had to go fight aliens to get it back.
At least now they have an idea on where to look for the back box.
The Indian Ocean? That's where they've been looking
@Ken - The one thing this piece does NOT do is help them find it.
Well theory that terrorists hijacked this plane for the 20 plus Freescale Semiconductor employees that were on board and their hi-tech computer chips and samples still makes a lot of sense to me.... which country actually did it I would not know, but Russia or Iran would be a couple logical guesses... unfortunately you can only read about these chip designers being on the plane in foreign newspapers, which is a good indicator that the US government used its power from the Patriot Act to suppress this news for national security reasons.... why else would they suppress news if there is not something to hide???? Whoever kidnapped these people did not want the plane traced back to them, so i suspect they put it in the most remote part of the ocean they could find... it probably would have been a soft landing as the pilot(s) would possible try to save himself or be saved a submarine.... the condition of this piece seems to indicate a soft water landing, which rules out many other technical failings like incapacitated pilot theory or loss of cabin pressure which would have ended in a crash without fuel... unfortunately the people who know are never going to tell us the truth because it makes our leaders look like what they are: IDIOTS....
Congratulations on your safe return from the UFO abduction. Now for your recovery....
Bruce...there's proof that NASA is hiding evidence of aliens! It is buried in a strong box on the Grassy Knoll. Go dig it up buddy, but beware of the poisonous contrails in the sky put there by the Tri-Lateral Commission and the Council on Foreign Relations.
"The international team of experts have conclusively confirmed that the aircraft debris found on Reunion Island is indeed from MH370," Najib said in a televised statement. WOW! It takes an international team of "experts" to confirm the obvious. The only 777 ever lost in that part of the world, that would be enough for me.
Unfortunately, it isn't about you. It is about appeasing a bunch of surviving relatives of passengers on the flight that have never been found. This might not even be enough to satisfy some of them.
@Henry H, It's not a question of who it's about or who they need to appease. There's only one Boeing 777 not accounted for in the history of the plane. Where else could it possibly have come from? DUH!
I thought there was an article earlier that stated the debris was not from MH370. Did I miss read something or are they changing thier story?
no it was just a 21st century journalist error..
i thought it was like yesterday, they said it wasn't part of the plane
There was a story, but that was a ladder or something else. Different piece of material all together.
They found other metal on the beach but that wasn't part of the plane. It was confusing tho.
Well considering that unless someone really screwed up and there's another Boeing 777 missing, it was pretty evident that it was from MH370 even before this confirmation.
I read the same thing as you. Then they turn it around and say it is. Who really knows?
They weren't talking about the wing piece, it was some other debris found on the beach. Turned out to be just junk.
Two different parts. One confirmed (wing flap) - the other not (supposed door that turned out to be a ladder).
Components I should say: The ladder component is the smallish bent/balled up piece of small aluminum strips with some sort of brown piece. The wingflap actually looks like part of a plane wing.
I heard the same thing. Made me wonder how many parts from this particular type of aircraft were floating around the world's oceans.
Daniel, with MH370 having gone down, I imagine there are now a million pieces of this particular type of aircraft floating around. Or sunk.
Ya I'm sure this is legit. This was a false flag attempt by obama media that failed miserably because everyone knows the media is nothing but lies.
Thirdeye blind - and here we thought it was just the name of a band.
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: Wing debris Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 What was originally scripted for May 2, 2014 and illuminati were forced to postpone until now: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a 777: The Obamessiah of the Obamanation of Desolation resurrects both "dead Osama" and the "missing Boeing 777". Most probably at Easter at the Holy Land, with his second and very last "terror attack using an airliner". Yet another parallelism, this time the illuminati anti-Bible about the resurrection of Christ. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
So, last week the media said there is no evident suggested these derbies belong to MH370 but today Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak confirmed that a Boeing 777 wing segment discovered in the Indian Ocean island of Reunion is from the missing Flight MH370 - Who can we believe?
They never said that. It was said that it is definitely a part from a 777 and that MH370 was the most likely contributor. This just confirms it for legal purposes and for the purpose of assuring the relatives of the victims that their loved ones are, in fact, at the bottom of teh ocean
You realize the discovered part was shipped to France for expert analysis? Now they can confirm indeed it is part of MH370.
Obvious red herring. We (as in educated, logical, thinking right wingers) all know that the plane was diverted to the middle east to be used as part of a terror attack so Obama can declare martial law and install himself as dictator for life. Don't believe everything you hear from the liberal lying media. Instead, trust people like me another conspiracy theorists, who have rock-solid and confirmed evidence that conclusively support our claims beyond all doubt. We just choose not to share that evidence.
Wow...I mean.......really? Wow......So you REALLY think this plane went down so "Obama can declare martial law and install himself as dictator for life".......I watered an azalea in my garden last night that's smarter than you.
"as in educated, logical, thinking right wingers"-LOL!
Eric: It is amazing that Lee and now MichaelS and other have to be informed. Says something about the mentality of 80% of the yahoo commenters.
Bengt,....I asked...because I work with people who are honestly that stupid....I was told the other day that Obama is DIRECTLY responsible for the housing market crash and the stock market crash of 2008, and that all FEMA complexes are required to stock 500,000 body bags, and all Walmart's will become detention centers. This person was...COMPLETELY....serious.
Lee: Well I'm glad you courteously responded and now I feel bad. Start with Hat Trick Bundy as an name and then read his over the top satire; then you know. He did a good job. Don't read word for word but look at the whole statements that are posted.
Bengt....lol...I'm not kidding....I work with people who would be bobbing their heads up and down, muttering "damnthatobama" if someone mentions the "lying liberal media"......and they hiss "socialist!!!!!" as if it's utterly worse that putting babies in blenders. I actually have a concealed carry permit because of these right wing nutjobs I see every day.
Noooo, Lee is a left wing armed nut job? This is terrible. Maybe it's a BB gun. You prob bly gotta have a permit in NYC. I was worried 4a moment. He is probably out protesting and blocking my access to walgreens and my Bush Plan B meds. Whoaaaaaaa is me.
Did he also confirm that he stole 1 billion dollars from Malaysia?
I thought I just heard a weird gasp noise. I guess it was all the conspiracy theorists realizing they were wrong.
Nah.. they just say the parts of the airplane were planted..
They'll never admit that. Instead they'll add another layer of nonsense to "explain" what happened.
All they know is that part came from the plane, they have ZERO clue as to how it got there. So until they know why it crashed, the theories will continue....
@MJ - Any rational person knows it crashed.
Nice that means I will finally be able to watch the Mayday ep after all...
@Light: This isn't the time for jokes. 239 people died on that flight. Don't be an a#$%$] hole everyday of your life.
Wait wasn't the plane abducted by terrorists? I can't believe people actually bought into that conspiracy theory. Now we know the plane did indeed crash into the ocean.
Doesn't mean terrorists weren't involved ...
Bin Laden's body was dumped there in that area. I hope the pilot didn't intentionally crash the plane for just that.
Uh this answers nothing.... plane could have been crashed a week ago by someone.
i thought it was aliens...oh well...
@Tim. Ok.......there are no terrorists! You are still holding onto that theory!
The terrorists had time to take that piece off and chuck it back in the water.....
I wouldn't believe the Malaysians. Wait for official findings from the lab in France.
i bet that wing was planted by the people who stole the plane
@FrederickN - barnacles like that don't grow in a week, dummy. It doesn't answer everything, but it does get us closer the THE answer and certainly rules out your useless contribution to the discussion.
Jesus! Are there this many idiots in this country? The plane crashed into the ocean. THERE ARE NO TERRORISTS! Did you read the article? They confirmed the wing was from that plane. The only way to do that, is by a serial number. It is not from another plane.
Matt, your comment made no sense. You sound like an idiot! Finding the plane doesnt rule out anything dumb dumb
@West. It does, want to know why? Because everyone who believe terrorists were involved, believe the plane was sitting in a hanger somewhere and the people were still alive. Having debris with barnicales on it, means it has been in the ocean for a long time. Matching a planes wing with a serial number on it, means it came from that plane.
I guess there are that many idiots in this country... THE PLANE CRASHED! NO TERRORISTS!
ahh because the only thing terrorist do is park a plane in a hanger. they dont crash then into buildings or the ocean correct? maybe you need to lay off the crack, crackbaby!
matt reads one theory and believes thats the only one people have. Welcome to reality Matt, where there are thousands of theories dumb dumb
Matt, you can't abduct an airplane as it is not a human being. The correct term for a terrorist taking an airplane by force is hijacking. Also we know there is a part that has shown up on a beach, that does not mean the rest of the plane is in the water. Based on the lack of any other debris from this plane or the fact that ZERO bodies have been found gives me doubt as to this planes demise as having crashed into the ocean. Obviously this part was torn from the airplane, so if it did go down into the ocean it wasn't a miracle on the Hudson soft landing, so where is the rest of it? No seats, no bodies, no other parts except for this one have floated onto any shores. I'm just a tad bit reserved about this discovery, I will wait until a lot more of that plane starts showing up on beaches before drawing a conclusion.
OK......LOL! I am talking about the conspiracy theory where everyone is alive and the plane was in a hanger. This is what everyone believed, not that terrorists hijacked the plane and crashed it into the ocean! That is just now becoming a theory after this was released! This is not what those people believed.
That doesn't mean it wasn't taken by terrorists moron.
Matt, clearly you're the idiot... Just because the wing was found doesn't definitively exclude terrorist activity. Sure, it probably kills the theory that the plan was stolen by terrorists, but it doesn't rule out the possibility that they had something to do with crashing it.
Again, the theory was never that terrorists hijacked the plane and crashed it, correct???????????? The theory was it was 'hijacked' and the plane was in a hanger somewhere. Maybe I should have reworded my answer.... This is when there is no plane debris found. NOW IT IS A THEORY THAT TERRORISTS HIJACKED THE PLANE AND CRASHED IT! That was not the case when no debris was found...
matt, you nutcase... go log back off and sign in with your toher accounts to thumb up your crazy account ! LOL IDIOT
@Matt I hear ya. I read a conspiracy theory where the plane was landed in Myrmar where north koreans sent a "cargo" ship with uranium. And that terrorists were going to fill the plane with that uranium and use it as a guided missile against the US. With a missing wing, doubt that's gonna happen anytime soon. This does, however, blow a huge hole into my alien hijacking/abduction theory. Bummer, I like that one the best.
@Matt - You only know what the news/media tells you. It's your choice whether to believe it or not. I'm not foolish enough to just believe anything and everything they say.
Good. Now they can start searching for survivors.
Right now there's some crazy chinese guy stuck on an island somewhere talking to a volleyball.
The families are flying there now and soon the bodies will be washing up on the beach. That is why they call it Reunion Island.
One day something bad will happen to you, and perhaps you'll understand what compassion and humility are.
OK...maybe you are right, Bob. I'll repost it tomorrow.
Oh...pulleeze...this is the same board that wants every Hispanic and black person shot, dismembered and dumped into the Springfield nuclear power plant. This whole board is nothing but hypocrisy. Nothing is off-limits for mockery. That's how comedy works. When you start censoring it, you lose it entirely. When I die, the whole country can shout, "Brian's reign of terror is finally over." THAT would be a sensible send-off.
My grandmother is dead; she drowned and was eaten by fish.
Oh, the good ol' days of comedy where nothing was off limits.
What if the families plane crashes too?
It would be hard, Joseph, to joke about that. But not too hard!
Why did Obama have to do this.
Here is a short list of all the things he has done...
He also spilled coffee on my best tie, and stole my change from the soda machine.
Cruz? Now we really know who smokin' weed.
William, there are several mental health facilities and/or drug rehab centers in your community. Please reach out; you're in desperate need of help. I wish you the best.
William is an idiot...pay no attention to this loser.
@William - I assume you were kidding about the 9-11 thing, considering he wasn't even on the political radar yet............. Also, the financial crash predated him as well. I'm also pretty certain (as in 100%, so no "pretty certain"to it) that the whole birth certificate thing was settled as well. I know if I were the parents of a black kid born in 1961, I certainly would have faked his birth certificate, so he could be President someday, since that was such a realistic possibility in 1961! (Have you smelled the sarcasm yet on that one?)
Seek help Little Billy. Obama has taken over your every thought. To you the entire world revolves around Obama. Why do you let Obama control you like this. To you Obama is the most powerful man alive. Obama Obama Obama its always about Obama. You sound like Jan on the Brady bunch.
You guys dont get it!!!! We are gonna lose the whole country because no one is willing to stand up to Obama. Look into all the evidence out there. Due to obamacare one of the pilots chest medicine was cancelled so i believe he got a heart attack mid flight and the plane crashed. Cruz 2016!
Wait, seriously? You think that a Malaysian airline pilot is enrolled in Obamacare? I repeat, there are several mental health facilities available in your community, for the love of all that is holy, go get help!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I've changed my mind about William. I now appreciate his brilliance.
BREAKING CNN NEWS: MH 370 Wreckage Confirmed; Wolf Blitzer hospitalized for uncontrollable multiple orgasms
Obvious conclusion. How many Boing 777's are missing ?
I think thats what they were doing
I remember the CNN headline "BOEING 777 WILL STRUGGLE TO MAINTAIN ALTITUDE ONCE THE FUEL TANKS ARE EMPTY" . Brilliant!
I would hope it's the only 777 they were missing.
so a wing is supposed to give families closure?
@ Ardmoore - Nope. And what the flock do you mean by "...closure..." The families just need to get a grip on the fact that there might always be some ambiguity as the the manner, means and cause of death of their loved ones on the flight. It is not the world's responsibility to provide conclusive data as to when, where, why and how their peeps perished, n'ect-ce pas?
Nancy Grace will somehow blame it on white men in america
I love Nancy...she speaks the truth and show the slime from all walks of life!!!
I bet she'd love you too...
Quite noticeable the number of comments that refer to America,like yours. And nearly all of them thick,like yours. Not a good look for that part of the world.
THE question that now remains is WHAT happened..... no black (orange) boxes found yet...... I still have a very hard time beleiving that NO radar nor satellite located it when it went down, we don't know the whole story.
Gee... that was certainly an "informative" article....
So much for all you yahoo experts that said no way this part was part of a 777 wing. Big shots no it alls! LOL
We all knew that about a week ago, didn't we?
So much for all the theories that the aircraft was stolen and hide
that's pretty good, 17 months. Fox News said back then it was all Obama's fault. I'm waiting for the test to come back on this wing to see just how much Obama had to do with it. LOL, Faux Spews. What a joke for a news outlet.
checking it carefully for Obama's finger prints
LOL, good job. They blame everything else they don't like in the World on him. I even saw Fox News tell us all how the price of oil and gasoline going down was a bad thing. They blamed Obama when it was high, though it was high when he came into office and now they try to blame him calling it a bad thing the price is going down. They are pretty much the Blame Obama channel, no much else goes on there.
For some people there still is doubt.
Only one 777 in the world is unaccounted for. Where else would debris from a 777 come from?
Map with the article would be nice...............
Would be, but it's almost as easy to do a search for Reunion Island.
For the passengers sake I'll hope the plane just blew up so they didn't know for long that anything was wrong...........................
and it doesn't solve the mystery, it is really just a "bread crumb" for us to follow to see what else we can find. There are still many questions as to why or who.
How did it get from Don Lemon's Black H0le to that Island?
Did they check the lost and found column to see if any airline flying the 777 was missing one?
Cue the weird theories about what happened.
They also found a suitcase. Do they know who it belonged to?
well duh. since no other boeing 777 has crashed in that area what else could it be
Trigger the crazy conspiracy theories and go....
at least now there is closure for the families.....
Scooter - A Boeing 777 has fourteen flaperons. It can easily fly if it loses one. Where is the plane?
Raymond, at the bottom of an ocean.
Raymond, did you ever see the Twilight Zone episode where the gremiln is on the wing of a plane and tearing off parts while it is flying? Now you have all your answers.
PB53044 - How could you POSSIBLY know that?? You sound like a moron!
Well um DUH!!!! How many Boeing 777 have gone down in the Indian ocean and/or lost a wing flap? Really ....it took a week to conclude this!
I just really hate this for all the families. The "not knowing" must be horrible for them.
CNN will be interviewing the barnacles found on the debris
MSNBC will be interviewing the barnacles on Rachel Maddow's nether regions.
Well, why is nobody asking the obvious question...A 777 has 14 flaperons.......so can a 777 still fly if one should come off??? The answer is OF COURSE IT CAN! Where is the plane?
If zoolander would have just finished his job....
If he'd of flashed "Magnum" at these pilots they NEVER would have dared crash this plane!
How many planes were missing large wing parts over the ocean??
The question is: how many 777s are.
Well they could have put that piece in the ocean....never know.... Think maybe you could give more information...was it burnt?.... Bent?
We can now eliminate the alien abduction theory, that's about it !
The France and Aussie are working on it, next hope they found the plane
The question is: who went through all the efforts to put it there on this French Island and who is holding the plance, and why don't they want us to find the plane ?
The lepricon theory. I was thinking the same.
Seriously, they had a part number (not a serial number) and there is only on B777 unaccounted for
I would prefer to hear the news from the "International team of experts".
Oh great, now we can listen to Wolf Blitzer and Richard Quest babble on for days about his theories...
Clicked on the video !! I know more about facial makeup that what they found !!!
I wonder what the FOX News experts have to say now, since their claim that the plane was hijacked by Muslim extremists, to b used as a weapon in the future?
Bittersweet news for the passengers' families.....
now, if they just could find the avengers flight 19
so where is this island compared to the flight route?
@ Ryan - Is there any chance you have an internet connection and can look it up for yourself?
shut up knox i didn't want to put that much effort into it because i dont really care. so where is it?
@ Ryan - If you don't care to put the effort into looking it up then I don't care to put the effort into your education. Furthermore, if you knew where the island was located compared to the flight route, what would you do with that information since you don't seem to care too much?
So we can now rule out Don Lemon's black hole theory.
I wonder where the rest of the 20 tons of wreckage and luggage is going to wash up, because that's the only way they're going to find any more.
So sad, these families who have been through hell! At least closure now! Lord be with them in their hour of need!
When are they going to rescue these people! They've been trapped under the water for months now!
Bittersweet, but at last, some closure....my condolences to all of the families, now, hopefully, they can try to determine what happened, and locate some more debris....
Closure? This just means the terrorists took this part off so that people would find it and think it crashed. I think the mystery just started...
Yes, they purposely put the flaperon on land so that it could be found, how stupid are you?
Now CNN has something to talk about for the next year.
Sounds like Zoolander may be visiting the Malaysian Prime Minister soon.
And in other breaking news, water is wet.
New twist will come out that is was from MH-17, and MH-17 was not shot down. Flap-a-ron broke apart enroute to it's destination.
What? Like a switch in planes? Ok, but, how do we explain the obvious time difference in the 2 events?
Do we not rule out it was shot down???
Just speculating, but judging by the pictures of the flaperon, I don't see any indication of having been shot down. This part would have been very close to exploding fuel and should show some sort of related markings. Except for being broken off from the wing, it looks to be relatively intact - as if the pilot deployed the flaps to slow the plane just before impact, which begs the question; "did the pilot seek to survive impact, and was he successful?" and "if so, where is he?"..
also recently in the news NASA says it discovered another "earth like" planet. Coincidence?
I wonder why this piece... and nothing more... washed ashore...
Are there any morons left out there who think this flaperon is not from MH370?
Uh now since MH370 is the only "missing" 777, it would seem pretty easy to confirm that the part is from that flight. Unless of course there are a lot of 777's flying around with big chunks of the wing falling off.........
Goes to show you how dumbed down we have accepted to become. Sad, sad days.
A big "Thank You" goes to the team at Capt. Obvious' lab. It only took them 1 week to figure this one out.
Is terrible,to accept this putting my own self into the shoes of the families of those that perished in this disaster. But,may they be consoled now,move on,for God knows it all.
"God knows it all" Yep, and he feels bad about the whole thing, but it was March Madness and there were SO many people praying for their teams to win. There's only so much a guy can do at one time.
So now the question is will they be able to track the currents to see where this piece may have started and find the rest of the plane?
So how does this improve our knowledge of what happened?
There were two pieces of debris found. This flap and something that looked like a door. The DOOR was found not to be a plane part at all. That's what you're thinking about.
I could have sworn I saw a story claiming that piece is part of a ladder. Which made no sense, but that was a report. Can anyone correct me on that? Am I confusing 2 stories?
Prayers, the families had such great hopes.....So sad but glad maybe they can have some closure.
Just one question: How many 777s have crashed or disappeared within 5,000 miles of that site? Then WTH took so long for the ID?
2 days ago they had positive ID on the piece and said it WAS NOT, from that plane
How do we know if these aircraft parts were not placed on that island by people who knew more about the plane loss than they would like the rest of the world to know?
Yes, and they would do that to get them to start looking in The Indian Ocean instead of where they were looking which was in the Ind.....oops, wait a minute.
i find it strange that this is the only piece of wreckage, and why this piece?
Well, RJT, let's think about it. The plane, it is believed, crashed quite some distance away, 16 months ago. You ever walk on a beach? All kinds of garbage washes up all the time. It would take a) an object like a wing that is readily identifiable, b) some person that is smart enough to find it and associate the item on the beach to a plane crash from 16 mos ago. c) that person then would have to care enough to report it, d) the person that they report it to has to also pass it along to a competent person. A flaperon - sure. Water bottles, clothing or part of an old suitcase, seat cushion? - all of that stuff looks like junk that washes up from boats all the time.
Russia probally shot this one down also
Why? Are they at war with Malaysia?
What about Hiltery's email server? Has that been located as well perhaps?
One of the local sharks in the area was interviewed, and remarked that "the pilot tasted like chicken".
It's not ME! I think it was CNN's Wolf Blitzer who interviewed the shark. lol
Isn't it strange that some put a thumbs-down to neutral type comments.
Ha, Ha, THAT THUMBS DOWN IS A GOOD ONE.
They can try to use past ocean currents to find the rest of the plane but I doubt they ever will.
So where is the rest of the plane?? The mystery deepens.....
First is was , then it wasn't , now it is , wait 15 minutes and it won't be again. Every part has a boeing serial number on it. Except Nuts and Bolts and Wires.
Boeing has all parts numbers for every plane that leaves their facility. It's on Record. Could finally be the Clue we're looking for. Keep searching.
Why such a flap over this piece of plane?
...because this is the first time since the plane went down that any evidence of its destruction has been found.
Not very quick on the uptake, are you, Joe?
PRESENTLY WATCHING CNN'S REPORT .... 'CONCLUSIVELY' THE FLAPERON **IS** FROM MH370 ... THE SUITCASE THAT WAS ALSO FOUND IS BEING EXAMINED BUT THEY FEEL IT IS NOT FROM THE FLIGHT.
They should now be able to backtrack through the currents and find the aircraft.
So much for the aliens stealing the airplane
All of you people saying they should recover the plane now, why don't YOU find the plane, if it's that easy?
2 days ago, they said it wasn't from the doomed flight WTF
Where did you hear that? I haven't heard that once since the part was found.
Finally they found something. It took those lazy workers long enough. They took 2 many breaks.
On TV, I have been watching "Lost" off the Internet. How do we know the island didn't move after the plane crashed?
The flaperon was blown off the plane by Howard Stern's producer Bobba Booey!
What ever happened to the love triangle/Asian pilot suicide/mass homicde/Diego Garcia/Iran/practicing crashing into the deepest part of the Indian Ocean on Microsoft Flight Simulator Theory?
yeah the "found" part may have been from the missing plane. but who`s to say it wasn`t put there ? (cover-up) just like the empty life jackets they happened to find washed-up in the case of the missing two boys from florida. no TRUE EVIDENCE of "WHAT" really happened ???
Hey, Keith: Tinfoil hat day was yesterday.
this airplane has been kidnapped for sure !!!!!!! the question is what happened with the passengers - i wish and hope they are all well sitting in a sandy white beech and drinking tequila with ice..
Who cares.. There are so many unarmed black people getting shot by white cops. That should be the main focus. Not some plane that crashed 2 years ago.
Ha Ha. I am sure they are not doing anything to get themselves shot, like attacking the police officer???? Can you say Michael Brown?
I'm sure you could have done a better job.
LOL, a true Faux Spews viewer.
Please find SOMETHING!!!! We have to hold Russia responsible.
Of course it is. So this took a year to find. Gotta love today's technology. Or the Malaysians way of "hiding" it. So many questions. So little answers !!!
Look at a map of that area of the Indian Ocean. It's bigger than the entire US.
so hope they figure out what happened to the plane???
u ppl are talking lawsuit. the pilot didn't work for boeing .
They should not stop looking for survivors then
They should stop looking for survivors if YOU were on that flight.
And with that is an explosion of, umm, something something, from CNN.
Just a BIG snare against China
Duh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! How can this piece float to the island and NOT be spotted from the air?
5x10 feet, it's really a tiny piece.... there really is a lot of junk floating out there. They found a bunch of shipping containers that fell off ships to say the least..
Your mind is obviously too small to comprehend the actual scale of the Pacific Ocean.
To bad YOU weren't on the flight!
If you want to understand truth then search and read this..."Rothschild Inherits a Semiconductor Patent for Freescale Semiconductors"
Calling BS on this. If it did crash, no matter how severe the im[act, floating debris would have been found.....just my .02..
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: Jerusalem: Carbon Copy of 911 2001: Obama Bin Laden resurrects from an ocean of discrepancies. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
Everybody thought there are Boeing 777 parts sprinkled all over the world's oceans, so there was some question if this one was from MH370./ sarcasm off
all I have to say is who give a **** if is from the plain 370 or not? I could care less where it came from that is not news. put a new story that is worth watching. it is a waist of time on tv.
Spare part doctored to appease people.What a sham.
Ok, now we know, stop all the cry baby stuff....pray for your family now! They need your prayers!
Perhaps it takes a while to contrive a good cover story to placate the masses. It sure took a long time to look up the numbers on the part and match them up with the plane. Let's see who is going to get pinned with the blame.
Could this piece float to the island, or did it fall out of the sky and land on the island?
so them thar white folk that called them natives on the island a bunch of wacked out devil worshipers were wrong? sacr bleu!
Come on, not here! If this were some random Godfather article, then yeah it would be funny, but not here.
The wreckage of the plane no doubt is probably no fewer than half a mile from where Osama bin Landen was buried.
It vanished like a fart in the wind
Darn they couldn't cover it up forever. The truth will set you free!!!
Ok. Try this on for size.... The people who took the plane and hid it, removed the piece off the plane, flew over the open ocean and dropped it in so that it would be found, and the searchers would keep going around in circles. All the while, they are preparing to do whatever it is they are planning on doing with the plane.
Sure, because stealing a plane full of people and hiding it is a lot easier than simply going to one of several global airline leasing companies and simply renting one, or going to several different parties and simply buying one.
It is debris, oops it isnt, oops it is debris, oops it isnt,...
This flight sounded like it was a real smash....
my BS sensor is going off on this one.....
They may have found some debris but they still don't know where that plane is or what exactly happened to cause the crash. And they may never know the answer to those 2 questions
It was a mystery, all right... You know, because there are SO many missing 777s out there... smh
At least one commenter figured that there was plenty of 747 stuff floating around, easy to get confused. BOY....that's for sure. Ay yi yi
I see stupid people...they're everywhere...and they don't know they're stuuuuupid =o)
747, 777 380, DC-9, Piper Cub, whatevs. Morons. Go talk about something you know, like the kartrashians.
Hmm, so now they are saying that this wing part is from the missing flight, yet the Australian expert said that they confirmed that it wasn't a part of the missing Malaysian plane. Sounds to me like Malaysia is just trying to save their own butts by claiming that this part is from the missing flight when another source said that is wasn't a part of the missing plane at all.
Hopefully, they will find survivors next. Pray to GOD that will happen.
You find parts (a part) from a plane that disappeared over a year ago and you only post like 2 paragraphs about it with a 1 sentence statement?? Pardon my disbelief in the believability of this one.
This is not they first article. Go to Daily Mail, if you want more. Yahoo is not the only news source..
As long as it took the debris to float to an island while it was being searched for is suspect. I don't subscribe to conspiracy theory but a few littles pieces of the plane when most of it should have floated for months is hard to explain considering the physics of the debris.
Things can "float" beneath the surface making them hard to see. Even life preservers will become waterlogged and sink after a certain amount of time. And finally, currents will drag things along the bottom of the ocean.
You do realize how vast our oceans are, and how few islands dot their presence, yes???
Until they find it--- it is still missing now all we just know it stopped flying in or over the ocean
This is good even though bad...betting they will find what they can of the plane in the coming months.
Let me know when they find the black box...
They probably found it 15 months ago.
I doubt anyone interested in the facts is very interested in the Malaysian government's "confirmation" as their competence has not been very much in evidence during the entire train of events since the plane's disappearance. I would trust the French and Australian governments' findings.
Rumor has it Wolf Blitzer blew a load in his shorts when he heard the news
A story that short.... doesn't sound to confident to me.
we now know that a UFO did not zap them away.