myself as any other plane that has had any problems I believe the plane has been landedor one of the small islandswe definitely know the plane didn't crash because there never was any debree scattered across the ocean so this leads to one conclusion that the plane yes was hi-Jack yes by terrorist from a foreign country non-american we all have to remember we are now everyones enemy so let's find the plane and lets go to war or Chinese to go to war since most of the people on the plane was Chinese
I think that the 2 Iranians that boarded the plane could have possibly put the EMPs to the test. To see how much damage could be done. EMPs will kill electronics, cell phones, w/o damaging the entire device. IE the plane itself, computers, cell phones. just the components would be fried. IE the computer chips that keep the plane in the air, the phones activated ,computers. the black box would fry. eliminating the beacon/ transponders. for the location of the plane. I think its a test run for the goons in Iran, They watched the news and nailed it. This was a success. What better then a live target to demonstrate on. right up their ally.
The longer this takes to find anything of that jet the more I lean towards a Hijacking. Why would they hijack this plane and not try for money; really doesn't add up. But if it crashed in the water there would be a lot of junk floating around you would think something would be seen by now. Even if it crashed on land there would be even more to see as it surely would have burned. No wreckage, no fires, no demands for money, no claims from anyone saying they did it very strange. But I have a feeling this isn't over and we may hear again from that plane.
There seems to be more ambiguity than I would expect for the "last known location" of this airplane. As long as the planes transponder was on and radar tracks should have been rather unambiguous. I am not personally sure of this, but several experienced international pilots have commented that there should have been ample radar coverage in this immediate area, unlike the situation with the Air France flight, which was in a radar free zone over the Atlantic. Do others have actual knowledge of the intersections of radar coverage in this airspace?
Scot C: So your selfish desire to see movies based on this trumps closure for the families of the lost? Lovely.
I think we should regard the hundreds of people whose lives have been turned inside out by the loss of life here, rather than the few thousand dimwits who crave more Hollywood indoctrination.
ipsut I feel that your assumption is wrong these people will attack their own to advance their cause they kill women and children and men too every day
Please father God ur d only one knew what had happened please reveal as d truth...so much been said n speculations. If people in that plane or some still alive let them b found now w/ ur gracious love n to those didn't make it alive.. Calm their soul envelop them w/ ur light n unconditional love. Families or love ones left behind may u comfort them. Amen
Please father God ur d only one knew what had happened please reveal as d truth...so much been said n speculations. If people in that plane or some still alive let them b found now w/ ur gracious love n to those didn't make it alive.. Calm their soul envelop them w/ ur light n unconditional love. Families or love ones left behind may u comfort them. Amen
The only actual, concrete evidence investigators have is the radar data of its last position and altitude etc., and even that is sketchy. If there's evidence of a turnabout, where could it have gone? Why have no black box transponders been activated if a land or sea crash or landing. Have no satellites detected anything yet on land or sea? What of the passengers families saying that their phones are ringing thru, and some using software themselves to triangulate and pressing for timely information. It's all a quite frustrating picture for them.
OK, here's an exercise for you aero engineers out there. The airplane is in LRC at 35K ft. A suicidal person has taken control of the flight deck (pilot, hijacker, whatever). They disengage the auto pilot and push the nose over into a vertical dive. (1) At what altitude does the airplane disintegrate? I am guessing around 20K ft. (2) given that the pieces are moving straight down at around 800 MPH, how big is the debris field in the water? I am guessing not very big since weather was fairly calm. (3) given the speed with which they hit the water how much of the debris will come back up and float? I am guessing not too much.
Any movement down would shown up.
Even "not too much debris" would be found. Where's the oil slick from the nearly full tanks? Oil floats on water.
The flight box "pinger" would be pinging for 30 days.
Like i said 1000 times, has anybody contacted the White House and politely asked them what CIA Ops. were involved in the downing of the plane? The U.S. bread and butter is False Flag Ops. like this one in order to keep the sheep scared - when they don't have their noses butied in IPhones and Ipas, and video game consoles that is.
There is no evidence at the moment to point this is a terrorist act . U.S authority is jumping the gun as usual .
Willie - It's far more likely that one of the 'rogue governments' in the area ( China, N. Korea, Iran, Indonesian muslim radicals, Russia...) did something to the plane either by accident (shot down) or on purpose (shot down). Obviously they would lie and do anything to keep it a secret. However....where is the debris? Maybe the plane was flown over the Indian ocean before disaster struck. "We don't know what we don't know"...
Recent reports say that U.S. spy satellites reported no mid air explosions at the time the plane disappeared. These satellites can detect even the smallest rockets being launched so i believe they should detect a 777 exploding...Also the recovering ships/heicopters being used are said to be able to detect something as small as a basketball in the ocean...So sad for these families....but this whole story gets more interesting as each day goes by...my small opinion is the plane either turned back and crashed in malaysia or continued on and crashed in Vietnam both scenarios on land...but must be VERY remote areas since noone reported seeing a plane that size going down
That's not likely those areas of Malaysia and Vietnam are pretty well populated to have a jet that size crash without being seen or heard.
populated yes but are they connected to the outside world I think plane hijacked and flown to an island loot will be in cargo hold people are dispensable just give them koolaid as they step off
I saw a documentary about a similar incident a few years back. What happened was that an airliner from a Eurasian carrier mysteriously disappeared over the South Pacific. After breaking-up in midair, the remnants of the plane landed on an island that was shifted slightly outside of our current understanding of time and space. The survivors spent years trying to escape, building alliances and making enemies with the current and past inhabitants of the island, and one of them even had a baby. Details are unclear about how their ordeal ended after seven years, some speculate that they had actually been dead the whole time. Alas, only JJ Abrams knows for sure. Maybe someone should ask him about this missing plane?
hmmm sound the the tele series "lost" that you described to be honest ..hmm
Hey I just spent 6yrs with them within 4wks time. I freed myself this morning... how funny
montcrief what ever you are smoking may have been transported on that plane
Obviously, this is not the continuation of a movie series called, LOST.
Something is wrong here on the technical side. I remember the investigation into Air India 182 in 1985 (the bombing, this official refers to). But the case was quite different. Debris and bodies were found by a freighter about two hours after the last contact. There were no discrete oil slicks from the tanks but the oil and debris was spread all over one big area. The heavier parts went down to the boottom, but lighter parts (hull with insulation, body parts, luggage, the flotation cushions from the seats, were forming an extended field of debris drifting off with the current. This time, we have two discrete oil slicks, consistent with the two wing tanks of a 777. We have no floating debris, not even the lightest parts. How is it possible, that none of the flotation cushions, there are hundreds of them, in a 777, each cushion of every seat is one, was found drifting? They are actually quite reasonable targets for a FLIR which is standard in most sea rescue helicopters and planes. So the only explanation is, they cushions are still inside the hull. Which means, no bomb. This plane was never ripped to pieces, the hull has to be intact. This plane went down in one piece, only at impact, the wings got damaged and bled oil in the sea. There is however the possibility, they are looking in the wrong area. The last U-turn and the end of communication doesn't mean necessarily that the plane went down the same second. A glide ration of 1:17 and an altitude of 35,000 ft could have brought the bird away up to more than 90 nautical miles, with tailwind after the turn a little less (less lift on the wings with tailwind). However, the oil slick was about 20 hours in the water when it was discovered. There are some three knot currents in the Gulf of Thailand. That would give the slicks a possible distance of sixty miles from the position of the impact at the time of discovery. So, they could be wrong by about 60 to 90 nautical miles.
the oil slicks they found was tested and confirmed as fuel used by ships.
If the plane went down soft enough to avoid comming apart at impact, then there would be survivors in life rafts. An intact plane will float for quite some time.
It took 8 days to find Air France.
My God man..get over there this instant...u have solved the case
Peter your vary smart.That tells me it went down in one peace if it went down at all.How hard is it to fly a plane that size under radar? Not easy. A water landing? There would have been a distress call. Suppose it was shot head on the piolets could not radio in. We will see in time I guess.I still say China air defense shot it down.
If the plane is going down the pilot would have radioed an air traffic control tower. If the plane went underwater and mostly intact, then there is a special transponder for that also. Also, if the plane went down in the radar 'dead zone' this is the place where the 'dirty work' is done(ie. shot down with missile any real-time evidence is hid).
Indeed a mystery at this point. I concur with most of Peter's analysis, but a ditch attempt would have been noticed on radar, IMO. A plane that explodes at 5 miles high does not "disintegrate." Debris would be all over the water's surface.
I'm sure they have thought of all those ....
I am assuming none of the passengers had cell phones- yea right- something very odd about this whole story ____
Peter Brendt; One factual error in your theory: There is NO loss of lift regardless of wind direction. Upwind, downwind, sidewind is 100% immaterial to lift of wings. Absent power, the only factor affecting lift is 'angle of attack.' Downwind glide distance is always further than upwind distance due to ground speed. Downwind is faster groundspeed and, consequently further distance! (A retired Flight Instructor)
That is a big ocean with lots of current it will take time to find the plane. The story said pilot problems. They were not paying attention and auto pilot went in a turn they turn it off and reset it wrong and flew the plane into the ocean. But why didn't ATC contact them on their turn and or decent. Unless they didn't have them on radar. But one thing sad but sure the plane went down. And one more thing remember the jet where everyone passed out from no oxygen and the plane kept flying with the dead still in it they followed it encase they had to shoot it down but it ran out of fuel and went down in an isolated area. But in this case it just flew into the water quicker that is a long shot but crazier things have happened. They wont say anything until they find the plane. like atc contact with plane as it descended or turned etc...
One scenario could be the plane had terrorists or hijackers (the stolen passports) come into the cockpit and force the pilots to turn and drop altitude under radar. They ordered it to fly to a remote landing strip long enough to land on but there was a struggle (if the pilots fought back or the terrorists blew a bomb) and it crashed over remote landscape in the dark of night unseen by anyone. The smoke was gone by daylight and parts of the region are primitive and uninhabited. Search the land within a few hundred miles radius of the last known location. It's not in the ocean since no floating pieces were found.
HAHAHAHA listen to captian jerry he knows everything HAHAHAHA
Feel sorry for Jerry's students they will be crashing soon.
Aluminauti - please put down your pen and pick up a dictionary/grammar book before you hurt yourself...
Oh my, now I hear of the black boc pingera (range some miles if there are underwater obstacles), pilots would send out a distress call without electruicty and then JerryM, who tries to put the fundamental laws of aerodynamics out of duty ... how most intriguing. Actually, the wings of planes produce lift when air flows over them from front side to back side. The more air and the faster, the more lift. While flying WITH the wind, normally, the pilots speed up a little to compensate for the lower speed of the air. When flying AGAINST the wind, they can slow down or change the trim a little. Basic physics, JerryM. And when I wrote that post, there was still the idea the oil slick would belong to the plane. So the question was about a gliding path, means no additional engine power to compensate for tail wind.
Peter, Jerry's point is that a plane behaves relative to the air around it, not relative to the ground. If a plane has an air speed of 400 knots and is flying with a 50 knot tailwind, it’s ground speed is 450 knots. Likewise, the ideal speed for maximum glide is an air speed. I don’t know what it is for the 777, but say it is 200 knots air speed. If they are in still air their ground speed would also be 200 knots. If they have a 50 knot head wind, the ground speed would be 150 knots, and if in a 50 knot tail wind, the ground speed will be 250 knots. What does not change is the time required to hit ground. So in essence, your statement should actually be, ‘with tailwind after the turn, a little more’. That was all that Jerry was trying to say.
Paolo T; You Sir, are correct. Non-pilots find it difficult to wrap their mind around the fact that the airplane is one with the mass of air in which it is flying. If airspeed is 100MPH flying into a 100MPH 'headwind', groundspeed will be zero. Turn around and go with the 'tailwind' and the groundspeed will be 200MPH while the 'airspeed will remain at a constant 100MPH. Sadly, many private pilots also do not understand this phenomonon. It's a good thing that the 'airplane' does not require the pilot to know why the airplane is flying. Airplanes don't fly as a 'favor' to the pilot. They fly because the laws of physics require them to fly! I've spent, literally, thousands of hours trying to explain the mysteries of flight to students. The primary problem is that, for the most part, flight is accomplished in an invisible medium which makes it very hard to see what's really happening.
You two guys realize that this is about speed hrough the air all the time. Not speed over ground? The lift on a wing depends on the speed of the air going fom front to back over the wing. So, if youfly exactly against the wind, the speed ofthe air flowing over your wing is your_speed_over_ground + wind_speed if you fly exactly with the wind, it is your_speed_over_ground - wind_speed People, this i basic aerodynmaics here. The determining factor is the resulting air speed on thw wings. I repeat for your better understanding: AIR SPEED ON THE WINGS. And if that goes lower because you have tail wind, you lose glide ration whic you cold of course compensate by flying faster or using trim and flaps.
Peter, your glide ratio is optimized at a given air speed. You formulas are correct, but your conclusion is flawed. Let’s say your optimal air speed for maximum glide is 200 knots. Now assume a 50 knot wind (head wind or tail wind, forget cross winds for now). If I am travelling with a headwind then your formula states: ground speed + wind speed = air speed, so Ground speed + 50 knots = 200 knots. That means that your ground speed is only 150 knots. If I am travelling with a tailwind then your formula states: ground speed - wind speed = air speed, so Ground speed - 50 knots = 200 knots. That means that your ground speed is now 250 knots. In both cases, your air speed (on which aerodynamics matter) is still 200 knots. If it takes 1 hour to drop in altitude to sea level, then you go 100 NM farther with a tail wind. As a side note, trim has no effect on glide ratio. That’s just a #$%$ you turn to position the elevators in order to maintain a steady pitch without having to hold on to the yoke.
On more thing. Imagine a ball thrown off of a bridge. It has a glide ration of zero. Will it go farther if you throw it into the wind or with the wind? Same principles.
I'll try one more time Peter. The only time the speed of the wind has any effect on a wing is if the aircraft is sitting on the ground. When airborne the movement of the airmass is 100% immaterial to the airspeed of any aircraft. In a river is it harder to swim upstream than it is to swim downstream? Answer; No! In fact, it is impossible to tell which way you're swimming unless you can see the bottom or the shore. The water is not flowing against you unless your're touching the ground. Air is just very thin water.
Oh my, I give up. How can I explain to you that the lift on a wing depends also on the angle between flight direction and wind? You have ever heard of the parallelogramm of forces in physics?
Peter, if you don’t believe me or Jerry (who, by the way, is sporting a nifty captain#$%$ so should be believed by default), then go to google and type “Does a plane glide farther with a headwind or a tailwind”.
Peter and Paolo; Gentlemen, a most refreshing exchange due to the lack of rancor and rude insults. I hope to see your posts on future news articles.
@Paolo: And then I find all the people talking about gliding planes, not jet-engine planes who lost thrust. The difference is, the jet-plane as actually still rest speed from before or a while. And if you add the speed vector of tail wind, you get the speed vector of the plane itself. Which is entirely corrct. The devil sits in the detail. How much more or less windspeed you have efectively on the WINGS? The wings are the thing in question here. There is a difference whether I go with engine thrust against the wind (lowered speed over ground due to the wind but higher air speed on the wings) or with the wind (higher speed over ground but less air speed onthe wings because the plane moves faster than the wind). Too bad, I can't add sketches, it would make things that much clearer.
Peter. Where your error lies is in the unalterable fact that, regardless of the speed of the airmass, there is zero wind speed acting on the aircraft. Once airborne, the airplane is flying in a dead calm. There is NO downwind, NO upwind NO crosswind. The only airflow across the wings is a function of power, when it is available and variable, angle of attack of the wing and gravity when power is not available. There is no windspeed in any direction acting on the airplane regardless of the direction the airmass is moving. Regardless of the direction the aircraft is moving. An airplane flying in a hurricane is flying in dead calm air. The hurricane is NOT blowing on any part of the airplane, period. If you were in a hot air balloon in a hurricane you would feel zero air blowing on you. Your balloon would go where the hurricane was going but you would not feel any breeze. Balloons don't fly in high winds because the landing will be a serious problem.
On the aircraft ... yes. On the wings for a plane moving faster than the air around ... no. Try an easy example: Say, you got wind from North with say 20 knots (over ground). And you fly exactly North with say 400 knots )over ground). That means, you are actually have to produce thrust to fly 420 knots through the air because for every hour you fly against the wind, the wind sets you back by 20 miles. The air speed on your wings is effectively 420 knots. Now, you fly again North, but this time, you get a 20 knot wind from exactly South. You fly again with 400 knots over ground. But this time, you need less engine power because the wind takes you with it. So you fly for the same speed over ground only with 38ß0 knots through the air. Which means, the air speed on your wings is 380 knots, not 420 as in the first example. The higher the air speed on the wings, the higher the lift. But, that's how plane wings work, only the air speed from front to rear of the wings. So while you are right about the way, the wind takes the plane with it, you are not right about what that means for amount and speed of air flowing over the wings. Another example. You fly again North. You fly, according to your instruments, 400 knots, but this time measure as speed through the air. You have a wind from exaclty North-East. Which you can't measure, but the weather report tells you it's 20 knots over ground. Now, every hour, you are set 20 miles to the South-West by the wind. Which we can basically split at this angel in ten miles South and ten miles west. Which means, you can see the ten nautical miles you are set to the west (because your bearings wander out). Which means, you have to steer a little bit more East to compensate. But you miss the deviation by the wind, that sets you back. You are just a little slower over ground because all you can measure is your speed through the air. Now, the really interesting question is, how much air speed do you have on your wings? Actually, you have before you compensate for the deviatiopn to the West an airspeed of 400 knots on the wings but since one component of the course works sideways, the effective and lift producing portion is only 390 knots. If you have wind exaclty from the side, the effective air stream that produces lift on your wings theoretically is exaclty like your forward speed through the air. I say "theoretically" here because in fact, the side wind produces some micro wind shadow on the other side of the cabin that reduces lift on one side a little more by turbulence.
Peter, you tickle me. You would be absolutely correct in your calculations if there was ever any wind blowing against the airplane. But, there is NEVER any wind blowing from any direction when the airplane is in flight. There is NO upwind, downwind or crosswind. The ONLY time there is any wind blowing on the airplane is when it is on the ground. Once airborne, the wind stops. Do not my thousands of hours of flight time count for anything in your opinion? Think about this: If you were flying in an airmass which would be a 100knot crosswind on the ground and you lifted your wing you should be blown over, but you won't be because there is no wind! On the ground, you would be blown over; in the air you would be unaware that there was any wind because there isn't any wind.
Jerry, now you tickle me. Since the plane, by the power of it's engines moves faster than the wind there is wind blowing against the plane. Because if not, a plane flying from Malysia to China when th wind comes from the North would always end up in Australia. As soon, it would start to move against the wind to reach it's destination in China, it would actually move against the wind. And it can be proven by a simple observation. Modern planes move with aboutish 400 knots over ground. Air mases with much less. To be neutral, air masses would need not only to move with the same direction as the plane but also the same speed. Have you sen any 400 plus knot winds lately? For comparison, F5 tornados are widely defined by windspeds in excess of 225 knots, a little bit more than half ofthe traveling speed of modern jets.
Doggone it Peter. I wish we lived next door to one another so I could take you on a short flight on a windy day. I guess that's the only way it can be proved to you that, once airborne, THERE IS NO WIND FROM ANY DIRECTION!!! Sorry for yelling. Yes, the airmass is in motion but the airplane has become one with the airmass. Tornados are another story. A pilot only gets to fly into ONE tornado. Again, it's been fun. Awaiting your reply and ultimate apology when the light comes on.
Jerry, you are aware, that my first degree is an engineer's degree? The plane doesn't become one with the air mass. The air mass adds a speed vecotr to the motion of the plane, that's an entirely other thing. IF the plane would become one with the air mass, it would always end up in the direction the wind goes. Planes have usually engines. They move faster than the surrounding air mass. As I said, you rarely see a 400 plus knots over ground wind that would carry a plane to lets say Chicago O'Hare while it at the same time carries another plane exaclty the other direction away from Chicago to Atlanta. And the Tornado was only mentioned for a comparison of wind speeds. The point, you obviously miss is, that the motions of the plane are the sum of ALL force vectors. Means, the wind vector and the vector created by the plane engines add up in a vector addition. The second point, you seem to ignore is the wind vecotr on the wings. To determine the wind speed on the wings, we need the realuting vecotr in flight direction because that's the one to create lift. I think, out main problem is, that we can't add a quick sketch. It would make so much clearer. The basic way, a plane wing works is, that it is rounder on the upside than on the low side. Wind, that flows over a wing has a longer way than wind going through under it. This creates lift because of the higher flow speed on top of it. That's very simplified, but that's the reason why planes can fly in the first place. So, if your theory, the plane would be one with the surrounding air mass and ther would be no wind for a plane would be true, there would be no flowing wind over and under the wings and every plane would ... well, not crash because it's wouldn't be able to take off in the first place. No lift.
Ah, Peter, my Friend, I am totally frustrated with myself for not being able to explain this business to you. I know you are completely satisfied that your belief is correct so I'm at my wits end. As I said before, you would be correct if the wind EVER (sorry for yelling again) acted on an airplane in flight but it absolutely, positively, does not! The only vector the air mass adds to the airplane is a ground track that doesn't always coincide with the magnetic heading of the machine and a groundspeed that doesn't correspond to the indicated airspeed. So, where do you think Maylasia 370, the Boeing 777, got off to. I think they suffered catastrophic decompression which killed everyone on board and the airplane flew on, unattended, until it ran out of fuel and then crashed into the Indian Ocean. I expect the U.S. Navy will find the crash site in the near future.
Actually, I don't give muchon beliefs, I prefer physics. So, for the sake of my nerves, lets stuck with science. Now, lets do this very simple, step by step and restart at the basics. 1.) Planes without motin are obviously heavier than air. If they wouldn't be, we would have to chain them to the ground on airports to prevent them from floatng away all the time. But they are built from metal, plastic and a lotof glasiber, each of those componets heavier than air. A plane with swiched off engines doesn't fly. Can you agree to that? 2.) Planes have wings. Well, actually the planes we consider as modern have, there are othr technical implementations of the same physical laws thinkable and in use, helicopters fr example. The wings are, what enables a modern jet to fly in the first place. Because that's the part, that produces the lift. Can you agree so far? 3.) How do wings produce lift? In the same way as bird wings actually. If you search your way to somesketches, which I can't provide thanks to the limitations of Yahoo, those wings are chambered steeper on the upside than on the downside. Streaming air around them has a higher sped than air below them. This causes an upward draft that works as lift on the plane. Can you agree? 4.) The operative word is "streaming". To produce lift, you need a air stream on the wings. Modern jetliners produce this air stream by moving through the air faster than te surrounding air mass. So actually, from their point of view, it's not the air that moves, it's the plane moving through the air. I assume, that is what you really mean when you say,wind direction is irrelevant for the planeat a given speed. Correct me, if I assume wrong. 5.) Planes fall and crash if they fall under a certain speed through the air which depends on weight, size and wing profiles. We know this happens because this is what is known as minimal landing speed. Fighter jets for example land at much higher touch down speeds. They have to because their wing profile needs a higher air speed to produce the necessary lift. For an example of a plane the went under this speed before it has contact with a runway, look up Asiana Flight 214. So can you agree, that planes need a certainspeeed thorugh the air to poduce enough lift to stay airborne? If not, the minimal air speed for a triple 7 is on Boeing's website under documents and then specs. As is for most other models of Boeing planes. 6.) The wings produce full lift only from that par of the air stream vector that works 90 degree against the wing. Means, air from straigh forward. Any force vector for example from the side of the plane is irrelevant becaue the air doesnt's produce lift because it is not going over that curved profile. Can you agree? 7.) If you have a wind in a 45′ angle to the course of the plane (measured on the ground), you have actualy a force tha sets the plane back in the oppsite dirction of the wind. You can split that vector in two components. One would work against the intended course, b=tan(alpha)*a, b * wind speed is the actual deviation aganaist the course direction. And the other one works sideways, a=tan(alpha)*b. It is not actualy necessary to compensate for th first component. The flight will take a little longer because the speed over ground is reduced. But the speed through the air reamins constant (again, I assume, that is, what you meant with it's neutral). But here is the rub. The second component working sideways needs to be compensated for unless you want toend up many miles off your destination. So, with a wind counterclockwise 45′ against the course, the pilot has to steer a little more to the left. How much depens on speed of that wind and his own peed. With a 10 knot wind and a sped of 400 knots thorugh the air, the ratio is 10/400. But that means, he doesn't put the planes nose entirelyin the wind. While he compensates perfectly as long as you look at a plane as whole, he narrows the angle betwen the windmass and his plane edge only by a litle. The bigger the angle of the wing edge, and I repeat wing edge, the bigger is the part of the air stream vecor not producing lift. The speed of the plane through the air remains constant, but the lift is lower. 8.) Normaly that doesn't mater so much. The effctive lift producing component of the air stream vector on the wings at 400 knots through the air is still so big, there is more than enough lift. Things are citical when a plane is about to start or to land because those are the phases of a flight, the plane operates near to the minmal speed (see Boeing materials for the details). However, there is a second situatin, things gobad fast. It's irrelvant now, since in the meantime we learned, MH370 was flying with engine power for hours on. So there was no gliding. But when I wrote the original post, I pondered still about the posibility the search area could be wrong because of a longer glide after loss of both engines. In that case. the glide ration for a 77 through zero wind speed conditions is 1:17 (Boeing manual). The determining factor for most of the glide path is, how long can the plane due to it's remaining produce enough lift to stay in the air. Which is as long as it can uphold an effective lift producing vector on the wings. Which s quite easy if the air doesn't move because then, all course angels produce the same result due to a*0=0 and b*0=0 as well (from step 7). However, if the air mass moves, the question of the effecrtive lift producing vector (air stream agins the forward edge of the wings) and thwe wind direction comes up. If the wind comes from behind, the speed of the plane (now without engine power), remains the same, it only slow down over time by air friction. But since a part of this vector system works now against the REAR edge of the wings, the lift is still lower because a part of the air vector stand now 180° to the lift producing effective vector. Less lift equals loss of glide ratio. I think, after reading over the posts again, the misunderstanding lies in the terms "Speed of Wind" and "air speed". Speed of wind is over ground. For a plane as a whole it is zero. I assume is what you tried to explain to me while I was talking about "speed through the air", which is often shortened to "air speed". And that is about the same against all parts of the plane (cell wings) where it hits a plain surface. It varies due to form factors when air molecules have to take a longer way when pressed aside by this bulky plane rushing through. And depending on the angle, they do also different things to te plane then. I take it, you flew a lot on your life, so you have also experienced the so-caled "air-holes"? Actually, those are often drafts or fallwinds, the plane crosses. Inside the cabin, you usally don't notice drafts too much because since the hit he lower side of the wings, they don't produce to much sudden xtra lift compared to what the wings anyway produce to hold the bird in the air. But a fallwind hits the upperside of the wings and causes sudden disturbances in the air flow on the uppr side of the wings. A similar efect as if a jet would experience stall because it flies into the disturbed air behind another jet only a lot weaker. So, for a second or less, till the plane has crossed the fallwind area, there is actualy a loss of lift and the plane loses suddenly a few fet altitude. So it really feels like falling in a pot hole only there is no real "hole" just the impact of air mass from an unexpected angle.
You know what Peter, I really like you and think we could be great friends despite this little disagreement. I know that some day, some way you will see what I'm trying to explain. Just for instance: I was once flying over a Nevada desert and encountered a tremendous updraft (a column of rising air) which my vertical speed indicator showed I was ascending more than 10,000 feet per minute. My airspeed was totally unaffected. If the air was 'blowing' on the bottom of my wings, the angle of attack on the leading edge would have momentarily been zero and I would have stalled. A stall did not happen. You may find it interesting to know that 'any airplane may stall at any airspeed and any flight attitude.' During World War II some of our dive bombers learned this the hard way as they stalled in excess of 300 MPH as they tried pulling up after a high speed dive on an enemy warship. The nose would come up but the resultant angle of attack was squarely on the bottom of the wings and they 'pancaked' onto the deck of the vessel they were attacking. If you ever have time, go to your local private airstrip and talk to some of the oldtimers. There are 'old' pilots and there are 'bold' pilots but there are no 'old and bold' pilots. Cheers, my Friend.
I agree, the disagreement is nothing personal. But to meet someone discusiing on a fact level is so rare on Yahoo, I may enjoy it a bit too much, maybe. Actually the Nevada flight is a nice example. The Updraft worked upwards, not against the pitot tube which is directed forward. Vector in the wrong direction. And your air speed wouldn't have zero, not even for a moment because your forward sped vector reamined effective and the stream above the wings continued without any interruption. So, I don't see why the air speed forward would be zero. And of course, too low speed, disturbed air or as an the dive bomber example to redirect the flight vector of the plane straight up and therefore the lift works not upwards but backwards. All simple physics because as I said, the determining factor for lift is the speed of the air stream on the wings. But if I go and try to pull up steep enough, in which direction does that vector work. Hey, fighter jets can even stall in excess of a 1000 knots with that tricks. That is the reason, the Russian Su T-50 basically has to ride on her own engine power when flying an Immelmann. I had to grin when I saw the "old or the bold" line. Heard it from pilots, from divers, from explosive specialists and in all cases, it was true. And that one can still speak to some of those oldtimers is prove enough, they knew what they were doing.
This story is complete bogus. They say they have scant evidence that it was an attack? Really? They cant even locate pieces to make a determination. This is a complete failure to find the jet. Reports had stated that they jet MAY have attempted to turn around. If this was the case there would be flight tapes at the air traffic control offices to prove this was the case. This has gone on too long and they don't have one body or any part of a plane.
Why do you wish it to be an attack?
You don't know what you're talking about.
He's not saying he wants it to be an attack, just that with no evidence, you can't say something isn't something, when you have no idea what it is.
"This has gone on too long and they don't have one body or any part of a plane." You act like they aren't working hard enough to find the plane, perhaps you should go out and start looking? "Also raising doubts about the possibility of an attack, the United States extensively reviewed imagery taken by spy satellites for evidence of a mid-air explosion, but saw none, a U.S. government source said. The source described U.S. satellite coverage of the region as thorough." They didn't draw their doubts from thin air you know. And considering that the plane disappeared mid flight, air traffic tapes are the first things they check.
I have flown in and out of several Asian countries, including in and out of KL Malaysia. After they look at your passport you are asked to stand on the yellow line so they can take a picture. Did they not take pictures of these two supposed illegal travelers? I have not read anything about this. It is not unfeasible that if the airplane was hijacked it could have dropped to an altitude that radar couldn't pick it up. The curvature of the earth prevents radar to cover lower altitudes......I may be wrong, this issue may have been fixed. Does anyone here have an answer for this?
They have pictures or video of them. That was confirmed.
The authority does have the CCTV photos of all passengers all the way through boarding. That's how they know the 2 people who travelled with stolen passport didn't look like Asian.
Not photos plane in sky or taking off.
Those pics need to be posted on the internet for ALL to see and possibly identify...but we all know why this is NOT happening.
If the plane broke up in mid air, what happened to the automatic blurps the aircraft sends out. It should have survived as I think it's part of the black boz. I am curious as to why none of the news commentators haven't brought up the fact, as this article mentions, a possible hi-jack. The plane could have been brought down below radar and landed on perhaps one of the old, abandoned air strips in south vietnam since the search in part is taking place south of there, along with other places. Just seems to weird, no auto messages of the plane in distress, no pings yet from the flight recorders, Nothing. You would at least expect some floating debris, seat cushions, passenger luggage/parts of it, parts of the aircraft. I mean, how the hell would you hide a plane that large ? Well, I guess thats why they pay the experts the big bucks. So, we want our monies worth ? Where is the plane ?
Remember Air France sent no distress calls. These pilots might think they can handle the situation until it's too late.
It could indicate structural integrity stresses that the pilots were taking precautions about (when they presumably turned back) and then the plane fell apart mid air because of some major structural failure (just a theory at this point, obviously). One of the first commercial jet planes, the infamous Comet, had 3 (or 4?) horrific instances back in the 50s where the planes literally just fell apart mid-flight. Those instances were due to metal fatigue from pressurization cycles of take-off and landing. It resulted in significant changes to how the pieces of planes are riveted together.
So if it fell apart, where is the debris?
MsFeb: This plane was not overstressed because it was used for long flights only - i.e. far fewer takeoffs and landings than most planes. This has been pointed out by experts in many articles. However, there was an incident not long ago with this plane on a runway. Part of the wing (?) broke completely off and had to be repaired. Perhaps that accident played a role in this one? It's all speculation at this point. When the experts are totally puzzled, us non-experts haven't a clue. With no debris found, it's a real mystery. Other planes have taken a long time to find, but the weather was worse, the water far deeper, etc. Although this is a large area to search also, conditions are excellent, and the water isn't that deep relatively-speaking. My guess: Why hasn't there been more about a pressurization failure? That would explain the lack of communication (if they all passed out) and the plane veering off course and the plane nosediving eventually into the ocean with little debris.
@Svg - In the unlikely event that the previous broken wing tip played a part in this dissapearance, the plane while loosing control would still give the pilots time to radio a mayday... but everyone including the media seems to over think this. Also, Boeing has stated when the wing was repaired, the fix was certified by them. IF that wing did break off (the tip) that's not going to cause the plane to stop and freefall... loose control yeh, but still the pilots would have time to radio in. I highly doubt that wing had anything to do with this.
Yes, like in the movie Flight, pilot could control the plane upside down and land reasonably safe
I'm really intrigued by there being no info from the ACARS. If the airplane was losing altitude this should have set off alarms which would have sent info back to the maintenance hub that something was wrong, same with low airspeed. So if something catastrophic happened and the pilots didn't have time for a mayday, the ACARS would have sent messages detailing at least some of the issues. None of this makes sense, but I'm pretty sure, Obama will be blamed for it.
Obama wouldn't get the blame if you hadn't voted for him.
Salnt seriously shut up this is to do with a airplane not ur #$%$ countries president
Saint was correctly replying to Dave H who let his political bias seep out. There a plenty of things BHO needs to take responsibility for, this isn't one of them, but maybe it could be? He does have terrorist buddies.
That was my point exactly Ken and this was my jab at the people like I'm sure Saint is that blame him for everything bad that happens. My personal favorite is when the 2 SEAL's were found dead on the Maersk ship a person posted that this is the latest of the more than 23 SEAL's that have been assassinated under Obama's direction because they knew too much and he hates the military.
It's quite possible that the threat of harm to the pilots, or someone else is why no communications were made prior to the sudden disappearance of the plane. A change of course also could have taken place during such a scenario.
or was it during cockpit sex play
the familys of those on board are the ones who are suffering. not knowing what happened is the worst for those looking for closure. the longer this goes on, the more varied will be the theories of what happened. i am thinking if the plane had changed direction as indicated by some radars, that even finding the the final location of the plane will be near impossible. if indeed a large explosion was the cause of the disappearance, not having any large pieces of fuselage will just make it even harder to find the final resting place. too many questions and not enough evidence as yet.
These days, a travel agent can't do much better than a private citizen with a home computer to find the cheapest flight. But in order for a private citizen to book the flight, he'd have to provide his own financial information, which could lead authorities back to him. So if a terrorist had in mind specific criteria, he could monitor the Internet travel booking sites to find the moment when an appropriate flight matching those criteria happened to be the best bargain -- and immediately call up the travel agent and ask that agent to find the best bargain, knowing full well the travel agent would come up with the same flight he had selected. That way, the terrorist effectively chooses the flight, yet causes the travel agent to book it for him (thus reserving it with credentials not his own) without becoming suspicious as to why he would go through an agent when he already knew what flight he wanted and could have booked it himself. Of course, there's an outside chance that the travel agent might happen upon a marginally better deal, or a better deal might arise during the brief time between the terrorist requesting the travel agent find the flight, and the agent locating one. In that case, however, the terrorist could simply decline to purchase the ticket. Interestingly, the Iranian man who procured the tickets initially requested the cheapest flight, but when the travel agent called back and said she'd found one, he didn't follow through. It was the second time that she looked for flights when he accepted.
Do not jump in conclusion with negative thoughts, he said, she said, & you say, I'll say....
Well, @jaz, it's looking more and more like I might have been right.
How can a state of the art aircraft worth millions just disappear without trace? This to me would be impossible. I have a basic smart phone and I can trace it to anywhere using a my GPS software. How can this be? Dose it mean that my phone is more sophisticated than a multi million Pounds aircraft? I don’t think so. Something very strange going on.
the pilot knows how to do it and he did it
Whats the water Depth in the area?No external Dy-Packs? There are Tools that could have been used that would make finding the Jet Easy. Dy-packs are cheep and mount outside set off with water pressure.I have a box full on my boat.You'll see the red Dy from one pack for miles on top of water. Its hard to believe you loose any Craft in any conds nowadays. Wait and see,some guys fishing in a overloaded Jon-boat will snag it. The more boats looking the better.Hope its not in 2200 ft of water w/no dy-packs. idk?
Water depth in the area of search is estimated to be 50m - 60m. Not a problem.
I wonder if there are submarines or sonar buoys in the area listening for the pings of the black boxes. Seems to me in that shallow of water they should be audible
The plane was off course...so it was being diverted for some reason...so hijacking is a definite possibility...the.two Iranians with stolen passports and one.way tickets would make sense for a hijacking to have taken place...and maybe a gun being fired taking out a window causing catastrophic decompression...
if the cabin depressurizes the flight crew would still have time to send an automated mayday. Why was the transponder disabled?
I am from iran and moved to Canada for work I bought a one way ticket does it mean I blew up the plane get real one one tickets are even bought as part of a journey around the world this incident is not terrorism
My heart goes out to the passengers and crew and to the families sadly awaiting news of their loved ones. I read where families have tried calling their loved ones, one man showed he called his brother 3 times after the plane was reported missing. He reported it and told them the phone was ringing, he asked if they could try to follow/trace the signal before the batteries went dead. I am sure if a plane disintegrated in midair, so would the phones. If the phone was ringing but no one answering, could easily spell they are on land. Something to think about
@saz: the phone was ringing even after the plane disappeared? that would be really creepy in my book, thats the problem with mysteries.Still can't believe with all the high tech. spy junk in orbit that not one of them captured anything.
If a passengers phone is being called, Quite easy for a passengers phone to ring, after a disappearance of a plane, especially if the phone has enough charge and stayed intact and the plane hasn't disintegrated or sitting somewhere in the ocean....Nothing creepy about that.,,Although I do totally agree with the last part of your message
Or there are still air pockets in the fuselage , or he lost his phone and it is on land in Malaysia. Many things could account for it. They reported others could do the same with passenger cell phones , but not sure what to believe as so many rumors and misinformation abounds in the early days of these kinds of incidences.
Absolutely, but apparently a lot of people called their loved ones who were on board that flight. It was just that one man I spoke about, actually called his brother whilst in the company of authorities/ airline staff to show them it was ringing and begged them to try to have it tracked. I am the same as you, who knows what to believe.
I guess I'm confused about the phone thing. Even if my phone is switched off, anybody calling me would hear the ringing on the line. Cell phones don't pick up a signal above 3-4000 feet, let alone the wide expanse of ocean. I'm sure this rumor will turn out to be just that. All kinds of wild stories are made up in the early days of a disaster. The sheer number of them in the days after 9/11 is proof positive.
I think the only answer we can all give to this is, "It's a natural instinct if someone we know and love goes missing, we would try calling them straight away". I doubt them being rumors, but that is just my opinion
Usually if a cell phone is turned off or has a dead battery, calls go straight to voice mail.
"scant evidence"? It sounds very ridiculous. They have not even found the plane or the debris of the plane yet! they must forgot that the investigation of an airplane crash USUALLY NEEDS THE DEBRIS OR THE WRECKAGE and BLACK BOX of crashed plane to determine the cause of the crash. It also takes months even years to finish the investigation. At this point, we all know for sure is that they let some people with reported stolen passports to get on board of that missing plane.
People using stolen passports is not uncommon. Immigration issues, drug runners etc do it routinely.
News report "sources" the plane possibly disintegrated??? Is it possible that the world's largest twinjet aircraft, 199ft. wide wing tip to wing tip, 209ft. long, 61ft. high disintegrated and not one piece floats ( including 100's of flotation devices on board the plane? Not a single floating piece of debris? No pilot radio warnings of distress, immediate disappearance off of radar -- What then could be the "possible" explanation to this? "Disintegrated" would then not be an answer. Based on the total absence of factual floating debris, "vaporized" then becomes a more viable cause. Based on known facts, even alien abduction at this point can't be ruled out. If the facts rule out the possible and what's left however improbable, the answers will be discovered.
Alien abduction can be ruled out.
Yes, although it is not a popular theory, what about aliens? I'm not a crackpot at all but unless the Chinese or Malaysian government is hiding something - and they very well could be - what other possible explanation is there? I guess time will tell...
I think the alien abduction possibility wss used facietiously.
Please tell me your eagle's name is Freedom? God bless Murica!
Media reports tend to sensationalize the events. I do not always take them literally.
Although I've never considered it with any serious intent, rumors have abounded on the internet for the last few years of a joint operation being conducted by the U.S. and Chinese navies in the China sea against a hostile force of unknown origins, which is not going well. And until the aircraft is located, even such internet rumors are not out of the realm of possibility as being related.
Richard: Do you have a link to any of these stories?
I think Richard is off his meds.
alien believers are the worst most hideous bunch of K-unts known to man
Sorry Kathryn, I don#$%$ just something that popped up on my search engine a couple of years ago in relation to an aircraft I was researching for a model I was building of it. But it's also amusing that the mention of the subject seems to put the boxers in a gather of the trolls who hold their brow out of their eyes with toothpicks.
Those of you stating that planes like this simply don't disappear, especially without a distress call, need to read about Air France flight 447 which in June 2009 did just that. While some wreckage was found within 5 days it took almost two years before the main fuselage was discovered. The story of what happened in that cockpit before it crashed has forever made me feel less safe every time I board a plane, much more so than any terrorist act ever will.
Not true. They knew right away where and when 447 went down.
Also, keep in mind, the original problem emanated from the pitot tube, which got covered by ice and rain and therefor gave the plan a mis-reading. So, it wasn't all necessarily the pilot's fault, because if the tubes were working and reporting accurately, the tragedy would have never happened.
planes are safer than cars. do you still drive?
Cowman- the pitot tubes freezing up won't make a plane crash, it was the pilots actions after they froze up that caused it to crash.
Apathy - the pilots didn't know they were getting incorrect readings from the pitot tubes.
S John- I did some additional reading and you are correct, they did find wreckage within a day. Based on what I've read it does seem like it took almost two years for them to find the main wreckage itself.
It is not possible that the plane exploded into 100% sinking pieces. There are too many things on a plane that would float if it blew up. It either tried to land softly and sank intact or it never crashed at all. The fact there was no mayday says it did not crash slowly. I would think that China with its attempt to claim the china sea would have seen this plane on radar. If it was hijacked where did it land without being noticed? Iranian passenger buying with cash is suspicious but not proof of anything and no terror group has claimed responsibility. This is pretty strange.
I don't know about Malaysia or Thailand, or wherever these tickets were purchased, but I'm living in China and this is very much a cash economy. I wouldn't be surprised at someone buying a plane ticket with cash. I've even done that in the States a couple of times.
"In the event of a water landing, your seat cushion may be used as a flotation device".
Whatever happened it was quick enough that the pilots could not radio in. Either a hijacking where they terrorists were able to prevent radio in or an explosion. If the pilots brought the plane down themselves, they would have radioed in
yeah we shoulda seen burnt foam seat pieces floating if it exploded, could still be possible that it crash landed in one piece in a small area. i do realize that it could have exploded as well scattering pieces for miles and miles. but if it were over the sea, still seems like we should be something floating by now.
perhaps they used electronic devices to jam communication or interfere with electronic systems in some way.
Even in a midair explosion, there would still be parts of the aircraft scattered and some pieces floating all over the sea. If the bomb in the baggage hold went off, there would be rapid decompression as the aircraft would break apart in mid air instantaneously..there wouldn't be any time for he pilots to call in a Mayday. The Air India disaster was an example of a bomb going off in the baggage hold. Additional evidence to support a bombing was retrieved from the broken up aircraft which lay on the sea bed at a depth of 6,700 feet (2,000 meters).
In might have been hijacked to CNN headquarters, nobody would ever hear about it.
it was a blackhole incident or the Aliens got em! maybe Dr Evil, used his radio jammer and then his tractor beam ...
Tony, you might be on to something. Maybe somebody tested a new super weapon.
Yes and no. Pretty much anything that floats is within the fuselage. An explosive carried on to the plane is extremely unlikely to blow the plane up into little pieces. If the fuselage does not split up or have a lot of holes in it, most of the floatable objects goes down with the fuselage. As for radar, I am not sure if China has a radar system with that much range. Usually you would neeed an Early Warning or ABM radar system for that. China never had an ABM system and I don't believe they have an early warning system either. I think their radar range (barring something new) is about 300-400 miles. Also, the disputed area is further to the east.
How about if a military missile hit it and is was blown into tiny tiny tiny pieces…. A military class missile striking a plane at full speed would literally disintegrate a plane on contact.
@Andrew, But after 2days in the skies, those pieces would have to come down to earth at some point!
Can YOU spot a seat cushion in the waves from 2 miles away?
I personally think that one of the greatest tragedies, aside from the mystery of the plane itself, is the way that the media is hounding family members and friends. Like my goodness, yes grief in such a state as this leaves a powerful image but in my opinion it is blatantly disrespectful. These people's family members went on a routine flight only to find out that the plane their family members are traveling on has completely vanished and they are told to expect the worst. During their time of anguish they need solitude and tranquility, not the flashing of cameras and harassment of reporters. I am definitely praying for everyone in this situation: praying for solace, understanding, and closure. And I'm hoping that the media will get a least a pinch of sensitivity and give the families the privacy that they need.
Seriously, Morgan! And then all these random internet commenters like you get to speak their piece too, so the families have even less privacy. Thanks for doing your part, and thank you too Obama!
I 100% agree. I saw a photo of a family member so distraught she was on her knees... The media was surrounding her. I can't imagine what these poor people are feeling: so devastated, hopeless and then hounded by heartless creeps with cameras:(
MEDIA SUK'S…GOOD FORBID I AM EVER IN A SITUATION AND THE MEDIA APPROACHES ME…IT WON'T BE PRETTY !
I agree. I don't need to see the anguish and grief on the faces of the family members. That's NOT news reporting.
Yes I agree, the media needs to back off from the families and friends who were on the missing plane, give them some space.
Sensationalism sells. If the media audience refused to buy tabloid sensationalism and controverty, the media would stop selling it.
Chris J, you don't think Obama is at fault? You also probably think he is half-white, Christian, born in the US, and is not a socialist. What color is sky in your world again?
Media/photographers like to see you crying as they snap pictures.
The media generally is not know for sensativity...it doesn't sell stories.
No kidding. I don't know what exactly they're trying to accomplish by sticking cameras and mics in the face of the families, it's just ridiculous.
So FOXNews isn't the media? they were doing the same damn thing!
This has been the top media story for days. I finally clicked on it to see what all the hype is about and your right the media is bleeding this one till every drop is gone.
They do that with any tragedy...I would hate for it to be my job to go and get a story out of family members during something like this. I would change my profession and get a job at Wal-Mart or something.
@Timothy, there's a reason you get so many thumbs down: you're an idiot to inject politics into this tragedy
Chinese media has no sense of decorum what so ever.
Truely sad. But can't compare to 9/11. We can forgive, but we will never forget.
Some posters see EVERY MEDIA ARTICLE as an opportunity to talk politics. Boring.. one dimensional... inappropriate.
Disgusting how the media is jamming cameras in the bereaved's faces...
You just now realize the Media has no remorse, pity or tact when dealing in the big business of human tragedy? That was gone long ago.
They are looking for their own profits. It is all about money!
They are no longer the media when they turn into VULTURES. They are Disgusting savages.
It's sad when have to make money on some ones sorrow
It happens every time there is a tragedy. This is nothing new.
agree, preying on other peoples' sorrow, all the while claiming the high ground of freedom of the press. Respect for other people is the least thought on these #$%$' mind.
I'd say the worst is a certainty at this point ....really sux.
If I was there with my phone I would be video recording cause people want to see who it affected and the scene as well. Can't wait to get my Google glasses for this kinda stuff and all you guys who are gonna complain about it, anyone in the public are subject to be video taped or photographed. Those people should just go home if they want privacy.
Photos of the bereaved make many of us feel better because we are not them..this time.
In the past, media were small in numbers. Cameras were very expensive. Not everyone had one. News outlets didn't fly out but one major journalist to cover a story. Security usually kept things under control. But now everyone has a camera. And people are glued to their newspapers, phones, TVs and radios for information. If no one posted a single story or photo people would be complaining to know what is going on. I think security needs to be stepped up at the airport to remove aggressive reporters. Family members should have a back entrance kind of thing or scheduled, private location to hear what is going on. But the situation has never happened before and no one seems to be on the ball in controlling the crowds. It is a sad situation, but its not a good idea to attack the media and assume they are collectively insensitive. It's like jams on the freeway. Everyone gets into their car and thinks they are the only driver; especially with an important destination. And they get mad at other drivers for back ups. Its just the nature of something we have created. Reporters and photographers would not be an issue if people didn't demand to know what is going on. We all play a part in this whether we believe it or not.
the bigger tragedy is the Lakers winning today when they should be tanking!!!
thank you so much for your comment. i agree for you morgan and wants from god Patience and calm for them.... ;-(
Really? did you just get to earth?
It is the triumph of spectacle over real content and facts.
Hi Morgan, I read the other day a cameraman got punched by a victim's family member. I wonder how those camera wielding media types would like it if they we're on the plane?
I pray to the skinny geek in the Whitehouse and our First Wookie.
The media almost always makes a bad situation worse.
the stupid US constitution protects the media, period, so when you put #$%$ on the media, you put #$%$ on your own dumb philosophy. haha
Ah the joys of the modern media, if it bleeds it leads...... "....She can tell you bout the plane crash with a gleam in her eye, It's interesting when people die, give us dirty laundry." (Don Henley, Dirty Laundry)
If praying actually works just pray for the plane to fly out of the water and that everybody will come back to life. I'm not an expert on telepathically speaking to supernatural beings in other dimensions, but God has the power to make that happen, right?
ever see the movie The Langoliers?
Eddy, this has NOTHING to do with 9/11 at all. Stop bringing it up everytime something bad happens.
Investigations have ruled out that the 2 Passengers with the stolen passports were likely to be terrorist. The Travel Agent from where the ticket was bought in Thailand confirmed that she chose the flight plan for the two Passengers. They just wanted the most cheapest way to get to Europe. More likely these 2 Passengers were potential illegal migrants seeking to get to Europe with a stolen Passport for a better life and are also innocent victims of whatever happened. Now the Malaysian authorities should get their thinking hats on and tell us what really happened to this plane!
As regards the stolen passports used by two passengers. At Immigration Desks, Passports are placed into some checking machine on the Officer's desk. What is it checking? I have been travelling by air for the past 50 years and on only one occasion was a family from I think Nepal taken away for questioning because of some irregularity. Interpol had placed the info regarding these two stolen passports on their database but it seems that Malaysian and other countries Immigration Officers do not bother to check this. I think that a real shake-up is going to be necessary and the immediate result will be that many more suspicious persons will be interviewed and stopped from boarding the planes.
I read this weekend that 3 countries make up most of the interpol queries of this type (wall street journal?), the Americans by far, followed by the British and the UAE. Everybody else pretty much can't be bothered, or it's too expensive, which is pitiful. I think I remember the same as you in Malaysia - they hand check and that's it.
Who is the jerk that gave a thumbs down, must be brain dead.
Why should they be bothered ? You still dont get it ? DOO YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU !
jazz, enlighten us normal mentally functioning humans please...
To Iknow;There is some kid on here that has found a new toy,,,and he/she is giving thumbs down on 'everything' I just ignore them!! Thanks
@ScottishBrian: The checking of the passport at the Immigration Officer's Desk is simply holding passport sheets under an infrared device so the numbers on the pages match the number on the passport photo page. This is one way to make sure that the passport page especially the visa page is genuine compared with the main page. I know for a fact that third world countries identify passengers based on profiling. Interpol database is more scientific but the methods these TWC's use is orthodox but more efficient! Profiling is not possible in the US due to the diversity of cultures and human rights violations!
This might be a stupid question, but what good is using a passport for ID if the passport could be a stolen one and in the possession of terrorists? Shouldn't stolen passports be flagged in security checks? If you are checking in for a flight and the agent types in the number and sees that the passport is stolen, security should be alerted and the person not allowed on the flight. If I am wrong and someone can explain, I'd appreciate it. Thanks.
I've been wondering the same thing!
Again, what's the use of using passport for i.d.? There is no need to use a passport in the States. The truth is that it makes a lot of money to renew passports. Why else would the U.S. force people crossing the border of Mexico and Canada to use them? Drivers license have bar codes and could be easily programmed into the system. But wait.... California is giving illegals (undocumented) drivers license now.
Usually, passports are only needed when entering a nation. Customs checks are conducted by the nation receiving the flight, rather than the nation of origin.
No system is fool proof. BUT, international flights should always check their passenger manifest with the Interpol computer system. They have the access. Some ( like Malaysia) obviously don't.
When I said it was terrorists you told me I was wrong. why the change of heart?
Thanks for that instruction, Anne. I'm certain nobody knew that.
They should have been checked and that is the usual rules, but the Indonesian authorities didn't bother. They probably could have caught them.
Maybe Malaysia thinks they are safe and secure from terrorists because they are Islamic?
In my work, I don't accept a passport as an I.D.
Anne, even if the passports were stolen the owners would have renewed them. Bar code scanning alone wont work, you have to look at their faces. Thats why the Home Minister was frustrated with the immigration officials.
Since our travel days are limited now due to age we just use an anhanced driver's license to get into Canada. To renew our passport would cost around $265. each. These two passports were stolen at least a year ago so maybe there is some kind of limit on how long they check to see if it is still being used.
They should also check how they got into Malaysia in the first place. Maybe they got in via the border with Thailand (where the passports were reported stolen).
"Whilst it is too soon to speculate about any connection between these stolen passports and the missing plane, it is clearly of great concern that any passenger was able to board an international flight using a stolen passport listed in Interpol's databases," Interpol Secretary General Ronald Noble said.
Hubby was there last year he couldn't believe how lax security was at this airport. This stolen unchecked passports went undetected. Scary. Hope this improves security.
Malaysia is an Islamic country. Moderate, but still predominately Muslim religion. nuf said.
In Hong Kong we use id cards that are linked with a thumb print. MUCH more secure than any passport regardless of the country doing the checking. A LOT of assumptions being made here about security levels in Malaysia. When I went through the airport in Manilla the security was the same as most airports. PLUS baggage scanned on entry INTO the airport. And again after check in.
Head of interpol blasted at the international community for not verifying passport until something terrible happened. He also stated very few countries are checking for stolen passport.
Security is lax cause they didn't think it could happen to them. That'll change now.
Why does something terrible have to happen before we step up security?
My best guess is that when passports are checked at security they are just looking at the name, face and expiration date. It wasn't until the manifest was delivered to interpol that a true investigation could take place.
How much of your freedom do you want to give up voluntarily because some idiot does some rude/nasty/mean/violent thing? Lots of people drive irresponsibly--would you want driving banned or to have to do a breathalyzer or a blood test everytime you started your car--even if you were a total nondrinker/drug user? Where does it end...The interpol guy is just playing for a bigger department and budget for himself and cronies on the useful crisis of this plane disappearance. I can't imagine what sort of computer system it takes and internet connections and so forth to maintain that immense database but standing in line at airports is onerous now, one more mandated security check to wait for is just more insult to an already bleeding injury.
It's not too much to ask to spend a few seconds looking at faces/names on a passenger manifest and cross checking that with Interpol red flag lists. Same with passports.
Stolen but the ticket agent does not usually have access to information showing if it is stolen
Interpol's databases had it listed ...Whatever that means. Didn't help.
It is very simple AnneK. Think of it like this, A passport is stolen or lost, The owner gets a new one. Now you flag that name and refuse to allow them on a plane. The Real owner can never travel anywhere ever again.
Another point to make... terrorists aren't idiots. If they take a passport from a woman and they are clearly male and look nothing like the picture. oi well i imagine they would 'change' the picture, right? same with fake drivers licenses. with thousands of people quickly going through in air port I can imagine it wouldn't be noticed or caught right?
anneK likes to take it up the bum hole
I was thinking the same thing. You'd think they would have flagged it, and issued new ones years ago when they were stolen....guess not.
Say what you want, but plenty of forged passports pass through the US and Europe on a daily basis. This is probably the event that will force airlines and airport security to actually check Interpol's database. Interpol maintains it, and as they say, most people don't bother checking
Yes, Unless someone at the check point is working with them. Malaysia has a lot of terror Islam people their that hate Christians. I have good Islam friends in Malaysia and they say that their are a lot of nuts out their that use Islam for the wrong reason and it makes us the good ones look bad, Just like the bad Christians make all the good Christians look bad.
Only if the passport was reported to be stolen. If passport holder never reported his/her passport being stolen, then all bets are off.
mountain woman, so???? explain yr statement. not nuf said enough.
mountain woman, which mountian are you living on? been to malaysia?
Err... it doesn't what the passport says, all it matters is whether there's a bomb on the person! And this is independent of legit or fake passport.
malaysia must learn from united kingdom how to determine false and fake passort.Perhaps Malaysia has no record of stolen passport in their system or if they have the fault goes to the officer. 100 percent the officer is not focusing on the job.the checking of passport in and out of the particular zone by the officials in Malaysia is just like in other country to stand in line and it will be attended to the person when been called.the officer has ample time to detect and go through passports.So what is happening here???????????????????thank you
Your wrong on this because it makes sense. Governments do not think that way. It's all about ploy and ability to cover-up, if needed.
If that person who has stolen the passport is accused that would be 'profiling' and we KNOW how profiling hurts people feelings and that is well...just wrong!
Err, it doesn't work that way. Even in the US, the TSA just looks at your passport to see if it matches with name on the itinerary and the guy he's looking at. The only time a passport would ever be 'scanned' electronically would be when going through customs when ENTERING the country, not out.
People, all the inane posters regarding the lost flight should just refrain and get a life,until the athorities tell us positive proof everyone just belay from posting.
Explosion = Not possible = No sign of debris Malfunction = Not possible = No sign of debris Sea landing in one piece = Not possible = The cabin can float for a while Crash landing = Not possible = Should have been located by now Disintegrating in mid-air = Not possible = The whole plane can't evaporate Terrorism = Not possible = No one claim responsibility and no debris Hijack = Not possible = no ransom made so far Hijack gone wrong = Not possible = No sign of debris Slinged out into space = Not possible = No space debris captured by satellites Pilots sleeping on the job = Not possible = No ACARS signal and no debris Alien abduction = Time warp =
A crash landing in the ocean could take months if not years to find. They were pretty high up in altitude so the impact would very likely have trashed the cabin to the extent it just was crushed.
They haven't found the slightest trace of this large aircraft so it's somewhat disingenuous of him to say there's no evidence of a terrorist attack when there's obviously been absolutely no evidence that it wasn't a terrorist attack. So far there's nothing to rule out any possibility, so he appears to be setting up to defend Islam with no true information to back it up. Also, you have two passports stolen in the same country from citizens of two other countries and these passengers end up on the same flight on tickets purchased by the same Iranian businessman. Coincidence? Really?
I think they mean to suggest that there should be some pieces of floating debris, however small, had the plane been destroyed mid-air. This actually sounds exactly like what happened in the Air France disaster. Faulty instrument readings, and very poor pilot response. In that instance, they never radioed for help because they didn't realize they were crashing until just seconds before they hit the water.
Human traffickers always process their wares in batches. So it shouldn't be surprise to see 2 or more trafficked individual on the same flight or boat. These could just be unfortunate individuals for want of a better life in Europe meeting the same consequence as the others.
"so he appears to be setting up to defend Islam with no true information to back it up" supermom, so do we have true information to back up the other theory you were suggesting? the non-muslim population is always quick to point fingers. terrorists come in all forms, regardless of race or religion. killings happen everywhere in the world, but a killer is deemed terrorist only when he is a muslim. those 'muslim' who'd become 'terrorists', they were not practising true Islam. it's for other purpose.
I didn't propose another theory. I simply said he shouldn't be ruling anything out and since he seems to be ruling out terrorism he is either defending Islam or perhaps the security of the airport. As far as the two passengers on stolen passports, it could be human smuggling, terrorism or something that hasn't even been mentioned yet. My point was merely that two people carrying two stolen passports issued by two separate countries on tickets bought by one individual in yet a fourth country ending up on the same flight is not likely to be coincidence. So what's your problem?
Thumbs Up if you think they know more about what happened to this plane then they are telling ... Thumbs down if you belive that several nations, Interpol, Top Military Brass, Security Officals from several countries and the FBI, CIA .. China's CIA-FBI (whatever they call it in China) have NO clue what could have possibly happened to the plane or where it is.
seesm to me land based searches are called for here into thailand vietnam and malaysia,wonder if it wasnt dropped below radar and flown over land even any radar tracks with a dropping altitude level even it looks like it just blew up and scattered to the wind,any ground to air weapons capable of total destruction of aircraft out there i mean even bite and pieces gone along with bodies i dont know of any so wheres the bodies folks seek land crash folks!
Unlikely scenario here, but "what if" the transponder was disconnected and the plane is on the ground in hostile territory? It would make more sense than having no wreckage at all. Even the oil slick was tested and turned out to be non-related. I mean no offense, and again, I'm just speculating here, but isn't that all any of us can do at this point? If the plane came apart at 35,000 ft, there would be something within the search area. Where were the 2-4 suspicious passengers seated, were they strategically separated and able to control every area of the plane instantly? Why is there not a panic button located on every aircraft attendant and crew member? Again, these are just questions and I mean no disrespect to the families of this tragedy, I hope they find peace soon, and all of their questions are answered.
I was thinking that to. They could have turned it off and made a fast dive to get below radar. It is also possible that they were hijacked and the hijackers dove the plane into the ocean by accident trying to get below the radar. If that happened at high speed the plane probably completely disintegrated on impact. You can not tell visually how close you are to water without any land references.
@Greg, There would still be something, if nothing else, oil floats. The oil they found turned out to be container ship spillage.
The ocean is a huge place, the only reason we ever find wreckage is emergency transponders without an active one it is worse than a needle in a haystack.
The only evidence of anything is the lack of a plane! Any theories being floated are just guesses to what may have happened. There is absolutely no evidence to suggest terrorism, but, at the same time, there is absolutely no evidence to rule it out, there is, in fact, no evidence!
My heart hurts for all who are involved..... it's just so crazy that in our day a massive plane and nearly 300 people can vanish.... I have ONE SERIOUSLY CRAZY IDEA! Maybe the plane was hijacked... and the communication electronics were disabled (THEY DID CLAIM) the plane changed course shortly before it disappeared! Maybe its sitting on the ground somewhere! I know it nuts, sorry. It would seem someone would be making demands for hostages by now though. I guess I'm just having a really hard time digesting the 35,000 feet disintegration picture I have in my head. It's just makes me sad to even contemplate what they had to face if this scenario is true. PAX DEI (the peace of GOD) for all involved.... your in my prayers
There is some kind of cover up going on. Apparently there has been a group of Chinese radicals that have taken responsibility for this as an act of terror. If this is true why is it not being reported?
Kyotae: My exact thoughts. Satellites didn't pick up any explosion flash, changed course, no oil sleek, no crash or victims remains on the water. They could be have dropped below radar and landed or crashed landed some place off the normal grid. There are weird people on this planet.......all they can do is keep on searching.....but where? Time will tell, and I hope soon for the passengers sake.
You can't just land a Boeing 777 on a dirt road in the mountains of Laos. Someone would have heard or seen something. You don't just land a plane at an airport without someone asking a lot of questions. So .. if someone hijacked the plane and went to another airport, it would have been reported by now.
@Gerry, whatever the truth may be, we will not get from the media!!! The media is CONTROLLED!!!!!!!!!!!! A tragedy has happened no matter the circumstances!!!!
That is not a crazy idea at all. Think about it...the pilot delibreately turns off the transponders, doubles back over the ocean, drops altitude and does a major (but not complete) fuel dump in order to create oil slicks, then turns again, flying well off of the flight path before either landing clandestinely (admittedly unlikely, but still possible) or running it out of fuel and ditching as gently as possible in the ocean so as to minimize debris before sinking. The aircraft would now be at the bottom of the ocean many miles away from where everyone would be looking for it.
Kyotae and George...good thoughts...also...maybe no ransom demands because what they really wanted was a plane? Just pondering here. Though if they were alive it would seem just one out of all of them could get a cell message to someone? I don't know. Either way a tragedy and so very sad for those families.
Gerry: As I have read it, the group of Chinese radicals you are talking about have only declared why the act was done, and have not actually taken credit for doing it themselves...meaning that it is unlikely that they are anything more than radical opportunists taking advantage of an unfortunate event that no one else has (yet) taken credit for. In addition, if the above scenario is true, then this event is something a bit more sophisticated than a simple act of terrorism.
Kuala Lampur is the place the 9/11 terrorists were holed up planning their attack. It is a hotbed for muslim terrorists. Not saying that is what happened here but it certainly is a factor.
During the 9/11 attacks in the US all of the aircraft used had their tacking system turned off by the hijackers. It is a possibility that the same thing has happened in this case and that the plane then flew to a pre-determined destination. I know this is far fetched, but it is a possibility. Both pilots would have to be in on it or a hijacker with a weapon. The tickets were bought by an Iranian, which is a possible destination if the plane had the fuel to make it that distance. Anywhere with an airport that can handle a plane that size and within the range of the on-board fuel could be a destination. Just a theory.
I think you nailed it. If it wrecked there would be debris, or it would be submerged and the pinger would give it's location.
Nah, it was tracked by ground based radar. What you are talking about is the transponder. The radar tracks the plane, while the transponder sends a signal identifying it. Turning the transponder off will not change the fact that it's still tracked by radar.
a civilian airliner can't just become invisible to radar at a flip of a switch. why do you think the air force spend billions developing stealth technologies when all they had to do is turn off tracking system?
@ Jimmy - Large passenger jets become inherently unstable because of a reduction of engine power at lower altitudes. Highly unlikely any passenger airline pilots are trained for any long distance low altitude maneuvers.
Money, that is exactly what happened on 9/11. All the control towers involved lost "sight" of all of those planes. It is highly unlikely that there is much if any actual radar over that part of the ocean.
there's one problem--how could the hijackers keep all the passengers from tweeting, emailing, or calling people on the ground? that's the real trick--hijacking a plane is possible. hijacking a plane with 130 smartphones without a single person communicating via smartphone @ what's happening on the plane--that's something else entirely. unless, of course, they used some new technology to shut down all cellphone--satellite communications??
Ummm... Louis, see any cell towers in the middle of the South China Sea?
Tower said never seen any thing like it just blinked off radar.
@Louis the plane was approximately 1 hour out. If it had been high jacked could the passengers have been gassed to make them pass out, but where would they go if it had been turned around and why did it turn around hope they start finding something soon
Customarily a terror group takes credit for such an atrocity pretty quickly. And what were the motives? I don't claim to be up on all international affairs but it would seem most terror groups try to kill (instill terror) a nation it is at odds with. Who is at odds with Malaysia/China to this extent? I know not all terror groups are middle eastern but I would still like a theory as to who and why before I start thinking terror as opposed to tragic disaster.
Even if hundreds of groups took credit do you really believe the media would report it?
The Chinese are at odds, big time, with a Muslim jihadi group in Southwestern China known as the Gighurs ("Wee-gerz") who recently killed 22 Chinese commuters in a knife attack at a train station. They are aligned with other jihadi movements in the Caucasus, the tribal areas of Pakistan, etc. They are a brutal people.
March 1, 2014; Deadly Terrorist Attack in Southwestern China Blamed on Separatist Muslim Uighurs. You're not up on international affairs.
The presence of Iranian "Mr. Ali" increases the potential for this to be terrorism. Who knows what motivates these acts? It could be one persons idea.
1. Not "all" terror groups are Middle Eastern but, terror groups follow an ideology which predominates in Middle Eastern countries (they are also prevalent in other countries that have high populations of individuals that follow the ideology); 2. Motives while varied are generally tied to instilling terror rather than taking credit. While it is true that credit does give certain terror groups status; 3. Since airline security has increased, groups looking to engage in such terror activities look for lesser protected targets for test runs to ensure the potential of success when used against a high value target country. 4. Catastrophic mechanical failure also has the similar signature traits (think TWA Flt. 800 of of Long Island) and there are still many who hold different views.
I know about the non middle eastern factions of muslim extremists but was unaware of this group in China. Thanks, I will look this up.
Still- and for who knows how long-this is still all speculation. I am no where near a conspiracy theorist, but my initial reaction was Lockerbie (Pan Am flight 103). I don't know why. Not because it might be a terrorist action, but somehow, it reminded me of that. We have read a lot lately about the unrest between China and some of its southern neighbors over the South China Sea (like seriously, who can claim a large sea as their own?). At this point,IMO, I would not be shocked if, in time, we learned this was a terrorist action. I can't even begin to figure out who would most likely benefit by this action and it could be many countries, especially considering the large numbers of Chinese travelers. Only time will, possibly, give us some answers. As for no one coming through to claim responsibility, the response to that could be huge so I doubt that we will ever learn that. This is just my opinion and I could be way off base. My only sadness is for those who lost family and friends over what may have been some kind of terrorist act that they are nowhere near a part of and never were. Due to my own many loses through death, I do know what the grieving families are experiencing but nothing near the horror of this situation. May they eventually come to a place of peace.
well the stolen passports were used by "asians" ... and last week china drew a red line on north korea and sent them a warning.. for the first time ever... and the passengers were mainly chinese... north korea has a certified nut for a leader... connecting these dots are a real stretch, but still connectable.
With BOTH stolen passport passengers on the same plane, I surely don't feel this is just a coincidence! The stolen passports were reported within the past two years, each about a year apart. Then odds of them flying on the SAME plane is astronomically high; it was an act of terrorism plain and simple!
I can't argue with a thing you said, but what I can't get past is that if this was a terrorist attack...wouldn't someone, anyone, have claimed it by now? Such a bizarre, horrifying mystery.
Im not going to say your wrong. Hell no one knows yet. But Im thinking total electric failure. A Fly by wire system, everything depends on electricity. Generated by the engines , which have had probs. Radio goes, Transmitter goes, Flight controles go. Just a guess, but thats what it sounds like - they tried to turn back. Total systems failure. When they find the Black Box - you will hear to guys screaming to controle the aircract. Its is sad. Those 2 pilots probably did everything they could, but because of super technology and a bunch of Idiots that have never flown an aircraft in their life, but can design them - - those people died The planes are too big - the wings cant take it and the enginnes cant take it. Its just a a matter of science. Otherwise we would be on Mars. Somethings are just before the times.
Oh yeah - the Hindenburg was supposed to be great too
Maybe it is wishful thinking, but I doubt it the involvement of terrorists, usually some organization tries to make a claim for something like that. Not to mention there has to be something which binds a chunk of the passenger which would make them the target. Then there is the matter of publicity, terrorism thrives on the spectacle, normally they would avoid doing something over an empty stretch of the ocean with no witnesses. As far as the fake passport holders are concerned. The co-incidence of two stolen passport holders on the same flight can by explained by considering the possibility that they both were stolen by the same person or gang which might deal in black market stolen identities. And two people of asian origin, who could have been friends, relatives, brothers, wanting to get to Europe might have bought them on the black market from the same broker. Maybe they just wanted to get to Europe, as mentioned in the article, illegal immigrants and had nothing to do with what happened to the plane. As far as the immigration officials not being concerned about Asian faces on European passports, I think there are enough citizens of Asian origin in Europe. Cannot expect the immigration inspector to cross check the ethnicity against each country. Also not all passports have the same security features. Passports from the same country of different age have different features. Cannot expect the exit-immigration officials to know the features of passports from 190 countries of different age. Logistically unfeasible. Mind you these passports were stolen about 2 years ago. And if we are indeed dealing with professional black-market identity brokers, they would know how to alter it without being obvious making it difficult for the inspectors to find anything wrong. They usually check the photo, run their finger over it, maybe use the UV light and just scan the passport through the reader. Not every country takes fingerprints of incoming aliens to cross verify the identity. And these were not entry immigration official, these were exit. All countries are more secure about who enters than who leaves. Given the US intelligence/spy satellite reports of no explosions, its possible that something quickly broke the plane neatly into two pieces and its dropped to the bottom of the sea. Giving the pilots no chance to call in an alert. Mind you this is not the mostly unpopulated stretch of the atlantic (like the Air France plane), its the Indo-china peninsula, US satellites are parked over this part of the world perpetually. They would have caught something.
But terrorism to date has been directed toward Americans. If terrorists begin directing their angst at other governments, like China, they don't yet know what China would do to retaliate. China might bomb the #$%$ out of Yemen, or Syria, or even Afghanistan, where ever these guys are from. So maybe they don't want to announce who they are...yet. And just maybe they've evolved. They don't need recognition so much as body counts. Considering the leaders of terrorist cells get killed, wouldn't you as leader of a terrorist cell want to keep it quiet?
LadyAgent, it was plastered all over the news recently about the terrorist attacks and the groups involved in China. Yes, they do have terrorists in their country, please stay up with the news.
@LadyAgent, Actually publicity matters a great deal for terrorists. Terrorism as a concept is very fuzzy. There is no explicit definition. All of them say they are fighting for a cause. Whether political, ideological, religious, they all have one. It might sound twisted but there is a twisted logic. Now some say terrorists target innocents, maybe, but many movements which in the end were branded as freedom struggles also ended up killing a lot of innocents. The french revolution brought a lot of good for france, but it also led to a lot of innocents being killed. But all movements are after publicity, its a form of generalized hostage holding, saying we will commit more heinous acts if our general demands are not met. They might be messed up demands, but they are there. If you are talking about someone who is merely concerned about body count without any regard for who knows what, that is not terrorism, that being a psychopathic mass murderer. Terrorists let others know what they are doing and why and what would make them stop.
Those muslim terrorists were worse than animals
Way to contribute, Joe. What on earth does that have to do with this plane crash?
The BBC World News had breaking news about 2 hours ago. Try watching it or going to their website. It's more up to date and accurate than Yahoo. According to the breaking news the 2 with stolen passports were not Asian. Long story short: there has been no confirmed sightings of the plane or passengers but will increase search area tomorrow which in our time would be tonight since they're 12 or 13 hours ahead of us. Yahoo's news might be entertaining and sensational but it's not accurate. I'm moving on over to the BBC or CNN.
yahoo is reporting the same thing.
that should be a permanent move, there is no value to yahoo "news"
BBC and Yahoo, really. No contest. One international news organisation revered through the world and Yahoo which has zero journalistic credibility. Hmmmmm.
The oddest thing to me is that no boats, no fishermen, no yachting playboy, no field laborer, saw anything even from a distance. I had no idea that any space existed on this earth which was completely devoid of humans. I have hiked literally miles off the designated trails out in the desert, and would sit quietly under a rock for shade, and wouldn't you know it but within the hour here comes another hiker.
Guess if I want some "completely alone time" I should boat out to Malaysia...
No, I've been there, and there's lots of people around....at least in the peninsular part where the plane departed from, its less populated in Sabah and Sarawak but that's far from where the plane was lost.
The most obvious here is getting the least attention. An Iranian guy (clue 1) books two one way trips (clue 2) and never picks up the tickets so they void with the same travel agent (clue 3) and then the same Iranian books another set of one way tickets with the same travel agent (clue 4) and he sends yet another "middle east" type (clue 5) to pick up the tickets for the two passengers both of whom are stolen passport names (clue 6) and pays in cash (major clue 7). Incredible that this can happen in a world filled with trrorists and muslim wannabees who want to kill and maim. Is there ANY reason why ANY and EACH international flight cannot demand to see the passport on check in (most do) and THEN punch the name into an international data base of passports by country to get an instantaneous clearance and at the same time look at the photos on both the passport and the picture the database comes up with (making sure every passport in the data base has the foto that came with the passport in clear, large, easily visible sight? SUre, it is a hassle. So are 130 people dying.
it is a typical human trafficking operation. They rebooked since "their contacts" were not at the immigration and the route was not clear for these people to board.
Michael, you are right but you forgot one thing. Such a common sense solution would be an insult to Muslims. Dumb world eh?
However, if it were an act of terrorism, you'd think someone or some group would have taken responsibility for it by now. After all, what point is there for a terrorist to take down a plane secretly? That makes no sense at all.
A muslim group did take credit though it hasn't been confirmed .On another note all muslims should be prohibited from any and all public transportation
and just before they lost signal they plane had begun to turn. make ya think they were heading in another direction outside of radar and they needed to find land asap
@Messengersmc, you cannot punish every Muslim because of a handful. just like every women should not hate all men because their first few boyfriends were jerks
Why does paying with cash be a "MAJOR" clue? I pay in cash for allmost every thing i buy. If i do not have the cash i do not buy. That may be why i do not have outrageous credit card bills and am not crying for the government to screw the credit card companies to bail me out of my own gross stupidity!
Where are you getting this information from?
Apparently, jerryny, you haven't followed for about the last 20 years or so any cash payment for a one way ticket ALWAYS rings a bell. Or it is supposed to.
ddc-14 why not I fought these rg heads they hide behing there women and children. if you dont know keep your mouth shut
Snip from the article: " "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday" Kind of a stupid statement for an official to be making imo. In this day, there is no particular "look" from just about any nation on the globe. From 2012's demographics, Italy has almost 700K Asian citizens, and Australia has 2.4 million citizens who registered as Asian. What should really be focused on is how 2 passports that were registered on the watchlist managed to be run through the scanners and accepted.
Good point. Had a college dorm-mate named Henrik. His parents were Norwegian but he was adopted from Korea.
I think even Asians in Italy won't have Italian names, at most their names are hybrid. Those two passports clearly have typical Italian and Germanic name. Can't be many of them around, and two of them on the same plane? Definitely the immigration official fault in letting them through.
I agree there exist Asians in Austria, but Austria is not that homogeneous as to eliminate suspicion all together.
Asians carrying western passport is not the issue, the problem here is Asian faces using western passport with western name.
Current nationality does NOT necessarily mean country of birth! Ever fill out an immigration card?
Those who are in security checkpoint must be better trained and should have a 20/20 vision
Some people have one Caucasian father and one Asian mother. Depending on how the genes turn out, they could have an Asian face with an Italian or Germanic name.
Every scenario I have heard mentioned on TV would have left debris, or oil slicks, sightings from local boats, other planes in area, blips of local naval radar, SOMETHING. The sea being searched is only 600 ft. deep, black boxes should be relatively easy to locate. It's the complete and total lack of radio, cell, or anything that makes me wonder this: is it possible the plane was hijacked by the pilots? Rerouting it would cause no suspicions if a course correction was announced. The airline has received info the plane MAY have been turning around. There are plenty of small islands in the area to land and hide a plane. If the pilots were in cohoots with some unsavory types, like pirates perhaps, could something like that be pulled off? Personal cellphones could be rendered inoperable by a jammer. What do you think? Is it possible?
I was thinking the same thing. They need to check any nearby islands to see if the plane diverted from it's course and landed there. Maybe there was something on board that was very valuable and the pilot is involved in a theft ring. Anything is possible.
radar would have picked it up.
That aircraft is depending on the model is 209-250 ft long needs about a 10,000 ft runway to land. Any island with a runway that big would be well known, large, and well traveled. It disappeared off radar indicating the event was sudden. When the Air France plane that went down in the Atlantic it took 2wks to find debris and 2yrs to retrieve the black box so a few days is not that big a deal. The area they're looking in is still hundreds of sq miles of choppy water. Anyone who's tried to searching for something at sea can tell you it's not as easy as it sounds. Looking at all that water plays tricks on the Mk1 Eyeball. They also have to sort through other debris not from the plane causing loss of time and effort.
Actually a plane that disintegrated, broke up in flight, would be fairly easy to find as there are lots of things on a plane that float and the debris field would be very big & easy to spot from the air. To completely disappear it either had to go in whole and sink, leaving only an oil slick or it might have crashed into the jungle in Vietnam and vanished below the canopy. I really don't know that much about the Vietnam jungles but assuming they are like jungles in other parts of the world they can hide something like an airplane quite easily. Sadly at this point there is little doubt to the fate of all aboard.
Or it might have been hijacked, dumped fuel into the ocean to appear like an oil slick, and the people on board are hostages, as is the plane being claimed for military efforts but some terrorist group. It disappeared from the radar screen, no evidence of an explosion, no transmissions, and no possibility of recovering black boxes when it "disintegrates" or has been stolen. The actions not taken by Malaysia are suspect, and the stories being reported are also indeterminate and highly suspicious.
A plane that disintegrated due to a massive enough explosion might surely have done that while high in the sky, thereby incinerating everything up there.
maybe it went through a worm hole
well, if it did, don't you think the Vietnamese would know about it by now?
The vietnamese didn't win the war because of their sophisticated technology.
Hi Borsia, you bring up some very good points. I was thinking the same thing when I read this article. If it broke up there should be a lot of floating debris. Going in whole would explain the oil slicks, but not the reason there was not so much as a call to the tower for help. (It only takes a few seconds). Also I did not consider the jungle scenario. But here is the difficulty with that one. Their radar shows the plane disappearing in that stretch of the ocean? Even attempting to turn back. (If that is true). @Nancy your idea is a possibility but some serious questions would remain. Like an airport informing everyone the plane landed. Why no radio call? Why no demands from the terrorists? I read an article the other day that said if the plane went in whole in a deep part of the ocean the black boxes could be hindered from making a ping. So far we know this. Oil slicks confirmed. And in the part of the ocean where the plane went off radar. Second they showed a piece of floating debris that looked like a door with a window hole in the middle of it. I did a Google image search in the plane and laid the images side by side with the piece they took a picture of floating in the water, it looks like the door. Lastly @ NicolaB, similar planes have exploded in midair before and they always find debris. Why would this explosion be any different from the others? Not even a seat cushion to find?
If the plane went down in the jungle, there would area of destroyed trees and satellites would be able to pick up the debris field/damaged area pretty easily
If it went down in jungle, the emergency beacon would most likely be working.
If they were cruising at 30+thousand feet, how would the oil slicks be on the water so close to Malaysia? It seems more likely they are down in the water than disintegrated above it. Maybe they slid under a shelf or formation under the water so that satellite cannot detect them.
If it went down in the United States Obama would lie about it.
oil slick was from a ship not a plane
apparently it is possible to turn off the GPS tracking device in a plane - one did it on the way out of angola a few years back and was never seen again. maybe it has been turned off and is somewhere waiting.... could be landed or crashed.
Try to imagine what a three foot piece of debris would look like from several hundred feet in an area of several thousands of square miles. Experiment. Go to a lake near you. Take a boat out onto the water and drop a paper plate in the water. Then go to the highest floor of the nearest building and try to find the plate.
they said they found 2 oil slicks
The oil slicks were from ships, NOT a plane.
If the VNese hide the plan, you assume they can turn everything off including the black box signal so nobody can trace them and they must do this while the plan is in the air over the ocean. You theory doesn't stand.
It's a person's worst nightmare before they step on a plane and whatever happened we know could happen to any of us. God bless those souls that won't come home again to their loved ones and I cannot even imagine their families pain and thoughts of how their loved ones died. Again, let's all try to focus more on loving one another while we have the time to do so. Daily we see how we can be here one moment and gone the next without warming. Love your loved ones while you can!!!
Very well said, Sandy. I am just heartbroken for the loved ones left behind, and, like you said, let's do try to focus on every day loving of one another while we can.
This is true can happen to anyone... Family and myself travel to Poland (Europe) ofter on Boeing 767..Very lg. capacity plane, very far distance very scary. Need to triple think next time we travel. God Bless those family who lost their loved ones.
@Sandi Warner, how would you feel if I embraced a loved one during your funeral when you have lost someone close to you. This is not a happy moment, this is a time to make our confessions and repent our sins before it is too late.
Jacob - I would have no problem if you embraced a loved one at any time. You should embrace your loved ones as often as possible. You cannot be too thankful for what you have and those you love and who love you. Why is a plane crash a time to make your confessions and repent your sins?
Wormholes. No joke or trying to be a nut case here. I am just being opened minded to all possibilities that might not have been mentioned already. Of course hanging into something like that specially as someone who has loss someone in this catastrophe is not recommended at all! But that is just me. Either way, my condolences to those families and may investigators at least find something reassuring that will put to rest these families' terrible uncertainties.
which is why I do not fly, yes I know the odds are so much better in dying in any other mode of transportation, but I imagine being trapped in the air and knowing that you are going to die is about the worst death that is out there
Jacob where do you read in Sandi's loving message anything about this being a happy moment? Confession and sins? Sandi speaks of the message that is most important in the great book and that is GOD IS LOVE. Love is what we need to give away, Love is what this world needs. At a time of such grief and loss, love is the universal language we can at least all share.
I agree with you on the loving part, the only problem is that there is a growing minority of people, terrorists, religious zealots, call them what you want, who revel in death and destruction. When I was a kid back in the early 1970's it was a joy to step on a plane for a new adventure. Now a days, makes me sick to my stomach of what might happen once the airplane door is shut behind me.
We take everyday, and people for granted.
Jacob your comment was very unnecessary and made no sense at all. If you wanted to make that comment about time to confess sins and repent you should done that alone not by commenting on what Sandi said. Showing love to others is what we are suppose to do and should do every day as well as confessing our sins. Two different things. Both equally necessary.
Who was the idiot that clicked the dislike button? I'd love to hear the reasons why…
very well put can you imagine your loved one just vanish and no one can tell you anything , i would go crazy imagining everything that could have happened, please find out what happened so they dont have to suffer dear god, give these people closure, let them grieve so they can someday heal
I have never been on a plane and have a whole lot sense of desire to do so now days
How did Sandi get four thumbs down?
do not have a whole sense of desire to do so now days is what i meant to be saying.
You have a much higher chance of dying in a car..
Wonderful thought Sandi, may God blesses your heart. In the world today we don't need more killing and destruction, love all human beings instead.
In 10 days more people will be murdered in the US than the number that perished on the plane. Flying is still safer than driving by a long shot. Death is a part of life.
steven, I bet your from that San Fransico area arn't you?? Sound a lot like a nancy peloshi puppet...
@ "| (• ◡•)| (❍ᴥ❍Ʋ)" (unpronounceable screen-name): If the plane entered a "wormhole," who is wreckage of the plane floating on the water ?
@MichaelW: This is only the 2nd fatal plane accident with a Boeing 777, and the first occurred on the ground. It is an extreme;y safe mode of transportation. Posters here have unreasonable phobias exacerbated by the media.
Really? This dribble got 450 thumbs up?
We all have to die eventually, and I have seen friends and relatives die of cancer and other horrific diseases a slow and painful way, so I am not sure which way to go I'd prefer. And most likely the people on board of that plane died so quickly that they didn't feel anything. Nevertheless, as a parent I can't imagine the pain of losing a son or daughter, and my heart goes out to anybody that lost a loved one in this (or any) sudden tragedy.
I have used this scripture many times in my life, "blessed are those who mourn for they shall be comforted" it is a promise and I know God and the Son do comfort us in our time of sorrow..and to all the haters, you can not change my mind on this so don't bother.
Absolutely Sandi. We can't control whether we will wake tomorrow. I believe that we have the power to overcome a lot of the hatred in this world if we just treat each other right. Start there and you'll learn to love.
Spank Spank Spankk! Spank that monkey yeeaaah Sandi!
For the lord only knows may they have given their hearts to jesus so they willspend eternity with him.
Those who gave you a thumbs down are communists
Posts are places we can come to vent and express our personal opinions so just ignore the people as they're in the mix, unfortunately, whether we like it or not. Just say "thumbs down " to them and move on. Works for me! ;o)
I am not a pilot, however, I would like someone who knows about commercial aviation aircraft to opine about the possibility that a hijacker could turn off a planes transmitter or GPS location/tracking devices. Could a trained aviation pilot turn off the signal letting flight tower radar know the whereabouts of the plane? If so, this plane could have been diverted by hijacker(s), the last signals they did receive evidently had the plane turning back towards the direction it was flying out of before they lost it. I realize this is a long shot but without a trace of the plane and with the facts we DO know...
I was wondering the same thing
no, the air forces in those areas have their own radar systems that don't depend on the plane talking back to them with a transponder
if it disappeared from radar, it either vanished in thin air or dipped to an altitude too low for radar to pick up.
from 35k feet it could not make it below radar coverage in the matter of seconds to have suddenly disappeared without someone somewhere knowing it was in a dive.... and for it to dive that fast, the plane would have fallen apart on its descent and not had time to level out and remain flying...
i think it may have disappeared
how about the people on board with cell phones? If they were alive they would be maydaying their families - just like what happened on 911.
Everyone is busy assuming the plane dived, crashed or even exploded with nothing left. I just wish all that is not true and somehow rather, this plane comes back with all the people inside safe and sound. Maybe they just lost the way or its better to think its hijacked and taken away and later being saved by armed force or military. I wish nothing happen to anyone. There are infants on-board. I wonder how they are cooping with this situation. Just too afraid to think.
The 777 has data event recorders that send out a signal when something goes wrong. Some call them black boxes. If no signal is being received, then something big happened. catastrophic. A airplane can disintegrate at 35,000 feet, but the 777 has such a low rate of issues, that that is almost ruled out without exploding. If you calculate air speed with altitude, when the pieces hit the ocean they were traveling at a speed where they may not float. Even though the 777 is a huge jet, you would be surprised to what magnitude they can break up. At that altitude and speed debris could cover hundreds of miles. It would interest me to further know if the comment made about the possibility of them turning back were true. For a pilot to turn a aircraft without notifying ATC, especially a seasoned pilot like was flying this plane is not normal. Were they indeed turning back, or being hijacked changing course. The cockpit door on the aircraft should have been closed and locked. Most airlines have sealed the cockpit now for anti hijacking measures, but this was a foreign airline. They will find something. The U.S. aircraft involved have special systems that can find pieces. My condolences to the families of the passengers. When I started flying, I decided to stick with corporate charter aircraft instead of the airlines. I screen my own passengers, not someone else.
Joe, from under water black boxes do not have any signals on the surface
Thank you. This was truly helpful is sorting out the issues and actions. Much better than the sound bites we have been getting from Nance. I am sure he had a lot more to say, but was not given the time.
Great info. Chances of it not being a bomb after evaluating all the info are low. The fact that the stolen passports were stolen and used by Asian faces, with Italian or Austrian names indicates a lapse in the system and if I were investigating would be of grave concern. I flew a lot out of south east asia, as recently as one week ago flying out of Bangkok. In Bangkok, before leaving for Chiang Mai, I bought two lighters for my cigars. They were identical to hand grenades. I mistakenly had them in my luggage and flew to chiang mai without them being seen. I realized in chiang mai what I did and left them there. Totally idiotic of me. So I do not think the standards are the same in that part of the world. The flights are so cheap 80 dollars u.s. for a 1000 km flight. I hope they can find the plane soon, to put the relatives minds at rest
Moon You, rom under water black boxes do not have any signals on the surface.... Actually, that is not true, but the water can definitely weaken the signal, especially if the wreckage were very deep, say in a 7km trench.
when the pieces hit the ocean they were traveling at a speed where they may not float I am not disrespecting your comment, but must say that objects from 35k ft. will hit the ocean at terminal velocity, which is set by air resistance. Buoyant objects may break up upon impact, will continue to float. The key challenge here is the scattering of debris from that altitude.
If the plane went down in any water depth, the locating beacon would not work- the water would completely attenuate VHF radio waves. That's why submarines either have to surface to use conventional radio apparatus or use Extremely Low Frequency gear to communicate.
It was reported the waters were the plane went down where only 600 feet deep.
38lasalle - totally incorrect. The Air France flight that went down in the Atlantic gave off signals for 6 days, but the water was so deep, they still couldn't locate it before the batteries failed. Took over a year to find the flight data and cockpit recorders manually, with deep diving submersibles.
Stuff floats or it doesn't float. I don't see why it suddenly wouldn't float simply due to the speed it hit the ocean.
Sorry Nice Guy, thumbs down should have been a thumbs up. I agree, that is absolutely correct. Neglecting temperature gradient and air density, whether it broke up and fell from 50ft or 50,000ft is academic other than projection. Height would give it a little longer to break up, but would not account for a complete loss of matter as some are suggesting.
They identified one of the men with the stolen passports, he's a 19 year old Iranian, but they have found no links to terrorist groups with him. Well can't really blame the guy for wanting to immigrate somewhere rather than go back to Iran.
Another possibility, however remote, that has not so far been mentioned, is collision with another object, or ingestion of foreign objects into the engines. I seriously doubt mechanical malfunction was the cause. The greatest probability is non-mechanical: either suicide by pilot(s) remote chance; or terrorist attack. If it was a terrorist attack; it could be that it was 1) sudden, with passengers/crew unaware or 2) hijacking and then fight between passengers and/or crew to regain control of aircraft (like the airliner that crashed during 9/11 in PA). Either way, God bless the souls of these poor people; be they Chinese, Malaysian, American, Canadian, Australian, etc. I regard them all as human valuable lives. Let's hope that if it was terrorism that caused this; the perpetrators are found and brought to justice. This happened on the other side of the world from the USA but in today's global community I feel as if this is a personal attack on me, and human decency. Those people that died were just like you and me; and their lives were (likely) taken by thugs. Godspeed to the searchers they need some luck now to find the plane to proceed with the investigation. No story has so far reported how deep the ocean is in that area or whether the bottom is flat or mountainous or has trenches. The Air France Airbus that disappeared in 2009 on route from Rio de Janiero to Paris fell in an area of underwater ridges and troughs and that is why it took years to find it's black boxes. I must mention that I am surprised at how well the coast guards' and militaries are equipped and well-organized to search for the missing Malaysian jet.
I would have had to be a bomb in cockpit where pilot and co-pilot were instantly killed and had absolutely no time to report situation.
Been keeping up with the story everyday. I'm not sure what to think, I think there is definitely more to the story than the media is telling the public. Disintegration would have some debri. If it landed, someone would've seen a gigantic jet. I could see the jet making a water landing and then sinking as whole. Truly tragic, and I believe like many others that there is more to this than we know. I'm really baffled as how it just vanished, like something out of "Lost" seriously. I just hope everyone is alive some magical way, even if they are stranded on some mysterious island.
Louis, I'm with you. I've keeping up with this story since it happened. Don't know what to make of it. Like I read, it had to be a sudden thing that happened because with the technology that we have right now, somebody must have received some information (msg )from that flight.
Louis so what do you think happened? It up and disappeared into thin air?
But if it made a water landing, you would think that a 'mayday' call would have been made...
That scenario allows of the possibility of a distress signal which is standard practice. That didn't happen which implies a fast devastating event. You are implying that the media are somehow have more knowledge. that we do? This is rarely the case is siltations like this. What the media want to do is drive speculation, becuase that is what sells, and people are obsessed with speculation.
Schilita they blew the damn plane into itsy bitsy pieces without warning. Simple as that. Ease up on the medication. It wasn't martians and the damn thing didn't just disappear.
If a plane blew up at 35,000 feet and 600 mph the debris wouldn't just shower down like falling rain. It would be tiny and spread over miles and miles.Someday, somewhere maybe a piece will wash up onshore. Get real, the media isn't trying to "cover up" anything. Quite being so paranoid. Schilita, if a plane suddenly blows up no one is alive to "message from flight"...duh
Yes, but in that case the pilot would have time to send distress signal.
Now we have flight MH 17 totally blown to pieces by a missile. Nope nothing at all to do with terrorist. Nothing at all, right you morons?
What a mystery! I too, would think that, had the plane exploded there would be a lot of floating debris? But what happened to it? Was it repossessed? Not with 239 people on board. Stolen? Someone would have called by now unless they landed where there is no service. It amazes me with modern radar that they are not sure if the plane changed routes? And if it did, couldn't we track it with satellite imagery? If it did make a soft landing on water wouldn't it float? At least for a while? Like the one in New York.
This is all supposing that the event was not orchestrated by the pilots or whoever was flying the plane at that time. If the Muslim pilots were involved in a hijacking, then all bets are off as to its final resting place and perhaps it did not crash but is on the tarmac at some airfield. WEB Griffin, the author, had a novel in which a plane was taken and hidden in an African deserted airfield after the crew was killed. It was to be used on an aerial attack on the Liberty Bell in the US as the story goes. Perhaps some terrorist group read the book and decided to emulate the storyline? The searchers need to think outside the box and look for other possibilities since there is no debris field.
An unprecedented mystery? The plane could have disintegrated due to mechanical reasons? It's hardly unprecedented. The article goes on and mentions to 'precedents', the Air India jet, and the Pan Am jet. I'm not an aviation expert, but it hardly seems likely that a plane considered extremely reliable would simply disintegrate into thin air because they had engine trouble, or rudder trouble, etc. It seems far more likely that the plane was blown out of the sky, either by a planted bomb, or by a surface to air/air to air missile.
Metal fatigue from a recent repair to the wing tip could have caused the plane to suddenly break up at cruising speed and altitude/. A similar incident occurred to China flight 611 in 2002. If so, the debris field will be minimal and scattered over 100's of miles. It will probably be fishing boat that first stumbles into any debris or bodies.
If it was metal fatigue, pieces of the plane would have been recovered by now. Metal fatigue doesn't 'disintegrate' an airliner. An explosion caused this...
When the article says disintigrated they mean blow up in mid-air due to a mechanical problem. Obviously the plane didn't "disintigrate into thin air" as you say, even if rigged with a bomb.
I worded that wrong- Even if there was a mechanical issue and the plane lost a pylon or even a wing, the aircraft would nose dive into the ocean. ONLY an explosion would cause parts of the aircraft to be thrown and scattered over 100 miles of ocean.
i heard in business times that some phones of the passengers of the mh370 are still ringing last sunday, it should only mean that they are not underwater, and they are in a place where phone signals can reach them. i suggest stop looking dumb searching the sea for nothing and search all nearby lands.
Phones can ring while the network is still searching for the receiving phone, it doesn't mean its ringing on the other end.
MH370 flight has been missing on the 3 DAY, still no reply. Cathay Pacific Airways pilots yesterday found a large debris in Vietnam waters, Hong Kong Civil Aviation Department has relevant reports. The aircraft lost contact with Chinese warships in waters also found two large oil belt, and sampled for further testing. In line with the maritime search and rescue, emergency Chinese government efforts to mobilize about 10 satellite search and rescue work. While Vietnam said it will expand the search today to 12.6 million square kilometers, an area equivalent to 120 HK. Hong Kong Civil Aviation Department yesterday confirmed that Cathay Pacific plane from Hong Kong to Kuala Lumpur flights pilots report that at about 60 kilometers south-east of Vung Tau, Vietnam waters found large fragments, Specific location is east longitude "東經107度25分, 北緯09度54分". Place lost to place about 500 kilometers from Malaysia Airlines aircraft. The Civil Aviation Department has reported to the Ho Chi Minh City, Kuala Lumpur and Sanya, Hainan authorities.
For the Malaysia Airlines passenger plane lost contact for a long time, the actual needs of the large search area, China Xi'an Satellite Control Center startup satellite control contingency plans to be adjusted in orbit satellite monitoring plan. Emergency mobilization of "Ocean", "Storm", "High score", "Remote Sensing" and other four models, about 10 satellites to provide technical support for ground search and rescue operations. Some of the satellite stopped the original work plan, clearing the original Star instructions devote search and rescue missions. At the same time, strengthen the Beidou navigation satellite status monitoring. IT staff also monitored 24-hour shifts.
any cruise ships in the area
"Malaysia's air force chief said radar tracking showed it may have turned back from its scheduled route before it disappeared" How does a plane disappear from radar? If it had exploded the explosion would have shown on the radar. When the plane blew up over Lockerbie Scotland there was a rather extensive debris field on the ground. If terrorist highjacked or blew up the plane why hasn't anyone come forward to claim responsibility? This is the modern age planes don't just disappear without a trace like Amelia Earhart anymore.
A plane 'disappears' when it flies too low for the radar to pick it up....duh
Then what is the difference between commercial radar and military radar? I am assuming the both are not the same.
@ Allen, they can tell when a plane is descending on the radar but they don't mention that in any of the articles
Rude Allen.... There is no "duh" in this question.
An object will disappear from radar if it is no longer large enough for the radar to bounce off of. So if something catastrophic happened the radar signature would be lost due to the small sizes of what was left.
Lets not forget that every modern aircraft has a unique identification transponders that are always broadcasting to ground radar where the aircraft is..unless these are switched off, or the aircraft explodes in midair.
The black-box is designed to survive almost anything. They were able to recover the one from the Lockerbie Scotland bombing and the one from the Pentagon crash and the field crash on 9/11.
Three ways to disappear from radar: 1) Break up in to a bunch of little pieces too small to reflect back a detectable signal. 2) Drop down to an altitude that is below detection due to ground noise/interference. 3) Engage cloaking device. I believe the authorities are only pursuing (1) and (2) at this point.
When something explodes it is still visible on radar for a brief time, it shows as an expanding blob that give a rapidly weakening radar return however they should be able to look at the radar records and detect that sort of change in the radar return. Not to mention it would take a VERY powerful explosion to reduce a Boeing 777 to nothing but pieces too small to give any kind of radar return. They can also tell when a plane is descending yet no one says they say the plane start flying lower and it disappeared below the radar ceiling, they do say it appeared to have changed course though. Somehow don't think Boeing has cloaking technology yet :)
It is quite possible that there was no radar tracking while it was out over the ocean, just the transponder. If it is turned off then the plane can "vanish" from sight.
It can "disappear" to the radars routinely tracking it if someone turns off the onboard transponder. That is what the 9-11 hijackers on the two WTC planes out of Logan did to keep from being tracked.
SarahC. You can only tell if an aircraft is descending if the aircrafts transponder is working. (mode c). Radar interrogates a transponder and records an aircrafts altitude and other information based on the type of transponder. If the transponder is not on or working then the radar can "paint" the skin of the aircraft and present what is called a primary target on the radar scope. A primary target can be hard to see depending on some factors which I wont go into here but the point is some information is out that say's the transponder signal quit and then at some point after that the primary target disappeared. If that were true sounds like something interrupted the electrical system. Strange.
Every second counts. We cannot solely rely on the Black Box system. We probably need to live stream important flight information, to dedicated satellites or servers. We have to invest on this, even if it will add some costs. It can probably save thousands of lives if we can gather and analyze actual flight information, activity and behavior.
Maybe Terrorists "Cloaked" the plane = A cloaking device is a theoretical stealth technology that can cause objects, such as spaceships or individuals, to be partially or wholly invisible to parts of the electromagnetic (EM) spectrum. However, over the entire spectrum, a cloaked object scatters more than an uncloaked object Developments in scientific research show that real-world cloaking devices can obscure objects from at least one wavelength of EM emissions. Scientists already use artificial materials called metamaterials to bend light around an object.[2]
You think terrorists have this type of capabilities, to cloak a 777? Whatever drugs our on should be avoided.
Umm yes I do, Ach, they not only have the capabilites they have the $$$$ to fund it.
Only a Klingon bird of prey would have that kind of technology. Not some 3rd world Muslim terrorists who operate as if it they are still in the 6th century. Get with the program.
Does that mean you're blaming the Klingons or the Romulans? I blame it it on Ovomit.
Larry - It goes without saying that it's all O-Vomit's fault. If he didn't screw up these Boeing jets by preventing the company from moving production to a new 2 billion dollar facility in a right to work state, none of this would have happened.
I find it interesting that there's an Iranian angle to this mystery with regards to the two stolen passports and a "Mr. Ali" who asked a travel agent to book these two unknowns on a flight previous to this one and for some unknown reason, those bookings had expired and the travel agent was subsequently asked to book the two mystery guests on this flight instead. Almost as if "Mr. Ali" was waiting on a specific target (another unknown as of yet) to book his or herself on either flight. This would be an interesting twist now, wouldn't it!?
There are plenty people with the name Ali in Malaysia.
Joe, Mr. Ali wasn't in Malaysia, but Thailand. Tickets purchased from Thailand. Get the facts.
Has anyone given any thought to the possibility that the plane did not crash but dropped down low enough to go off the radar and then be flown to an airfield? What is the flight radius from the point of its loss on radar to when it would have run out of fuel and needed to land to refuel? It could either have landed elsewhere or crashed when it ran out of fuel...so the searchers need to widen their search grid, possibly using spy satellites to check for an intact plane or debris far from the current scene.
And no one on the plane had a cell phone to call someone!!! Yeah right!!
@ David...you can't simply land a 777 on a little jungle airstrip...it needs a relatively long , broad runway on which to land. The other problem with your theory is that the Gulf Of Thailand is relatively busy with maritime traffic (commercial vessels, fishing boats, naval patrols), so if it was flying any distance an a level low enough to be off the radar, it would be low enough to be easily seen...someone would have seen it and given the attention this situation is getting, would have reported its sighting.
If the radar was shut off, then the plane could have been flown any where. If satellites can show someone in the driveway of their home, then satellites should be checking every plane registration number on the tails of every plane in every airport, unfortunately airplane hangers in certain countries can't be checked This plane is somewhere and so are the passengers.
@ Momma118...the radar is NOT on the airplane...it is on the ground at airports and radar stations. So the radar cannot be "shut off". The transponder on the plane can be shut off...but this only transmits the identity information concerning the plane and its altitude...so even if this was shut off, their radar blip would continue to show on the radar screens...just without the usual identifying information next to it.
I didn't hear if the plane was anyway equipped with a transponder? If it was, why should the pilot put it of voluntarily Why would he not activate the secret alarm, or was the pilot-function taken over by someone else with a black beard and a towel over his head ?
It is impossible to have zero debris on the water regardless of explosion, crashed on impact to the water or not, unless the plane has been hijacked and got re-routed to some Island, with our current high-techs, the hijackers may have some ways to blackout the radar or have the plane fly low enough to avoid detection. I believed the people are still alive, US Spy Satellite see no evidence of explosion, Search and rescue did not even find a pieces of floating debris, there is no way everything was burned to dust, an explosion would blasted contents out away from the plane before fire could had gotten to it.. Those debris had to include things that floats, there is no historical record ever showed zero debris after explosion. You got over 80+ Search and rescues over there covering 1,000's of miles around the area finds nothing? Just give it a few days for some Hijackers to call, or start checking Islands near by, we might be surprised, such large plane can't fly too far under the radar level long, so it must be close by, there are many terrorist groups around those areas..
Chau.. thinking the same thing....there is something about this pilot that is sticking in my craw...they say he was always studying planes taking simulators apart and putting them back together...joking about him taking his work home.
There are many cases of airliners disappearing over the ocean with out ever leaving a trace.
Pygmalion..does the word "unprecedented" ring a bell...ding..ding..ding.
I agree it is worth commenting the widespread misuse of words like "unprecedented" in the press these days. It is curious to note that journalists feel free to use words like that, when there are numerous, well documented antecedents. Thank you for pointing out this journalist's error.
They saw pieces of the plane. I think the captain did it.
Noendinsight...that was proved to be wrong..no debris found.
this is a very llarge plane. if it blew up in mid-air or crashed intact, either way something would have been floating
Pygiie is making stuff up again. There are NOT many cases of airliners disappearing without a trace.
From my perspective, someone isn't being very truthful and all. From what I can't understand is "with all the Satellites in orbit, why isn't their one that keeps track of real-time airspace? " I mean with all the ready available tech. In the palm of our hands, why aren't there one especially for situations like this? But I would say, nice cover up in blaming Terrorist. Typical cover up, didn't fool me. Something dmells fishy? And someone is hiding the truth.
If the plane turned back then they should of had time to issue a mayday , unless someone else had control of the aircraft before the turn . Cell phones don't work 120 miles out at sea , so either some group and government is hiding them or they crashed miles off course and may not be found for a long time .
Think about this: Had a mechanical malfunction been encountered, the pilots would have been able to communicate such, as the redundacy in that plane is formidable! Had the plane exploded from a terrorist bomb, debris would have been found! IF, one of the pilots wanted to committ suicide and disable the other pilot, he could have flown it into the water, with only the most trained ears on board able to detect the airspeed as it increased, if in fact it even did. This could account for the sighting of the two oils slicks and no flotsam! Was the aircraft beyound radar contact at that point over the South China Sea? What do the ARTC audio and screen tapes say and show? These things have to be known and examined before before one can begin to "report" ANYTHING with any degree of credibility. One thing is for sure .... we all wish the souls on board, Godspeed!
I hate to use it, but waited to see more details to start to lean towards terrorism... The time midnight when security is relaxed, and passport use of two suspects possible 4; that booked ticket at the same time, also not Malaysian decent ( still need more details ). Understandably, passports fraud/ stolen passport are stolen all the time and used in this region, but the coincident of them booking together seems sketchy... Im still lost on why there is no wreckage of as yet, but it could of drifted or plane was intact when hitting the water only leaving the wings to float and other parts... Test runs for the act was probably a precursor of the, Oplan Bojinka, Operation Bojinka, Project Bojinka, and Bojinga. In all I hope my theory is wrong...
I am guessing the Ali character smuggles illegals and uses stolen passports to do it. The missing flight may not be connected to him but has blown the lid off his little operation coincidentally.
I had to research the Bojinka reference; I am amazed I don't recall hearing about that at the time. Very scary. It makes me wonder how many plots are ongoing that, thanks to our national security efforts, are uncovered every day. It lends credence to why even the most liberal president, once informed, changes his tune on things like Gitmo or even the NSA.
@pete, I'm with you on this one… Think the passports thing is a red herring, but I suspect Thai authorities will want to grab Mr. Ali, before someone else makes him disappear. This may have been a catastrophic system failure inflight, but only time and real investigative work will tell.
Has anyone question if the pilots were in it, were they part of the hijackers?
Pays cash ... books tickets regularly. I'm no travel agent, but even I know that that combination is a glaring red flag!
I doubt this was a mechanical failure. The 777 has only crashed one other time, and even then, that was pilot error and 3 fatalities. My assumption is foul play/terrorism and the debris landed in the jungle. If it blew up over the ocean, there would have been something found by now, but to find debris and remains under the jungle canopy would be difficult. They are still finding planes in this part of the world that disappeared 70 years ago. As for those saying it landed somewhere safely undetected. A behemoth sized 777 isn't going to land in some tiny remote airstrip in the jungle. My thoughts and prayers are with the families.
the oceans pretty big...give it a week there champ.
Sorry, not buyin it. Way too much stuff would show up. Even bodies. Recall Columbia, that was from space and large parts fell to earth that would float. Not a conspiracy theory, but something is wrong here. Way too early for excuses or hypothesis. My guess is the plane did not go down where they think it did and the search area is wrong. Recall it took 4 months to find that AirBus that went down out of Brazil.. It took 5 days to find the first evidence of the crash. They need to shut up and find it.
do you know how large the south china sea is
where do they i "think" it went down.....point is "they" don't know where
And it is not unprecedented mystery it is incompetence and a lack of resources. That is not a rich part of the world and a bunch of fishing boats and planes flying around is about the search team you're going to get. There were Americans on board. Find them.
Prophet TB Joshua predicted this incident back in July 2013 and this prediction can be viewed on YouTube. Cant he be used to provide further details that can help with the search?
The plane couldn't have disintegrated and have left oil slicks on the water also. Jet fuel would have evaporated before it reached the water. I remember that when I was in the air force, the pilots would always jettison large quantities of fuel before landing and it would evaporate (even at 10,000 ft).....large amounts of fuel!! The only way it could have left an oil trace on the water is if it fell from that height pretty much intact or at least 2-3 large pieces.
Thank you for your service to our country.
If you bothered to read or keep up with the story the oil slicks were from a boat
The oil slicks were from a boat
Seems to me that even if it was blown to smithereens, like the de Havilland Comets in the mid '50's, the black boxes would have easily survived and their beacons activated once they hit water. The other comments about all the 'flotation' devices on board, certainly would have been found all over the place. It seems clear to me that the plane was abducted by aliens!!! ... or simply stolen by some nefarious crowd waiting to go public and ask for a ransom.
I hope it was actually a abduction and that all the passengers aren't at the bottom of the ocean.
The stolen or hijacked scenario doesn't hold water. You can't land a big 777 at some hidden jungle airstrip; it needs a well-paved runway at least a mile long. Any place where it could have landed safely would have radar and enough air traffic control to identify it as the missing plane. There's no way it could land intact anywhere and not be identified.
Radio waves can't travel through the water, meaning there is no way to pick up a "ping" from them. They do create an audible ping to assist divers, but you have to be darn close to hear it. I'm guessing we will never find out what happened here.
@Prog...It is scandalous that our submarine fleet can't communicate when they are on patrol
No Dy-Packs at all? Crazy not to have packs on any Jet or Boat. I have a box full of green and red. Dy-Packs are fool safe. water pressure set them off as well as any explosion or hard hit. there made for Any craft, Air or Water. The real kick to the Nuttz is, there under 5.00 ea and never go bad.
First, they can only communicate by trailing a very long wire that floats on the surface. The fact that you don't know that is stunning. In the future, before making snarky comments, make sure that you aren't embarrassingly ignorant about the topic at hand, fool.
@Prog....".Electromagnetic waves in the ELF frequency range (3–300 Hz) (see also SLF) can penetrate seawater to depths of hundreds of meters, allowing communication with submarines at their operating depths"...."VLF radio waves (3–30 kHz) can penetrate seawater to a depth of approximately 20 meters." What do you think Prog.....Never make spurious statements unless you check first.
@Prog....They are usually bright orange. They are designed to emit an underwater locator beacon for up to 30 days and can operate immersed to a depth of up to 6,000 meters (20,000 ft).[19][20]....You better inform the airline industry that the "black boxes" are worthless.....LOL
First, keep reading and researching. Everything you are saying is making you look more and more ignorant. The ELF and VLF transmission are one-way, meaning that the subs can recieve them but not send them (it would be impossible to build an ELF or VLF transmitter on on subamrine) The locator beacon on the black box is an ultrasonic pulse (not a radio transmission) that (as I stated) can be used by divers with special equipment to locate the box once they get within a few thousand feet of it. You really should have stopped when you just looked ignorant. Now you look like a full on idiot.
Hereford, you make a good point. I guess they just assume that a jumbo jet crashing would leave enough oil, hydraulic fluid, seat cushions, etc that they don't need a dye pack. Guess they were wrong this time......
@Prog..I just quoted your first posting....." Radio waves can't travel through the water, meaning there is no way to pick up a "ping" from them. They do create an audible ping to assist divers, but you have to be darn close to hear it. I'm guessing we will never find out what happened here"...Or did you mean the aircraft would be unable to respond with a voice transmission once it was below sixty feet...LOL...And by the way subs can send data transmissions underwater...not voice
Maybe you are just trying to divert attention from the asinine comment you made above, or maybe you are just drunk? Now your posts aren't even making sense. For the last time, there is no way for a black box (that is under water) to communicate it's location through the use of radio waves. In other words, it can not communicate to any type of receiver that is above the surface of the water. It can only use sound waves which can be picked up by underwater sonar and even then only for a few thousand feet.
prog - that's true, however it can broadcast for the first few seconds it is in the water. Also, the black boxes are in the tail of the plane and should have had the time to fire off at least a couple of pings for the world to detect. I would look in the jungle for a camouflage net with a big assed jet under it. This reminds me of the TinTin (Flight 714) episode which was awesome!!! Rangoon?!?
How hard would it be to block all transmissions to and from an airplane when you are attempting to hijack it? The fact that the aircraft appears to be turning around would suggest some kind of known distress by the pilots and if the demands of the hijackers weren't met, they decided to detonate whatever bomb they had. A big enough explosion would leave little to be found, especially from that altitude. The debris field would be massive, but parts would be minimal so it would be difficult to find anything. Why that flight? Lighter security, flight path over the open ocean but could be redirected somewhere beneficial to the hijackers, test run? Those are all my theories.
Mike, modern airliners send continuous position and altitude via beacon regardless of the crews' or anyone else's intentions.
they pretty much did on 9/11
sure is taking expensive time and resources to find out what happened with all the sophisticated equipment being used.
Expensive time and resource, but junk equipment being used.
The title of this article makes me suspicious. Of course there is "scant evidence," the investigation just started!! This reminds me of similar claims such as "there is no evidence to suggest" something is true. If you don't investigate, or hardly investigate, there likely will be NO evidence, and the claim is meaningless. Many times the manfacturer of a dangerous product will claim there in no evidence to suggest their product is harmful, knowing all along that no tests were conducted or feedback requested. This tactic is used regularly by disinformation agents in order to sway opinion. Whenever I see this, it catches my attention.
there's also the fact that no group has come forward to claim responsibility. A terrorist group manages to pull off an elaborate attack but doesn't bother to let anyone know that they were able to do it? What's the point of the attack if the only people who were terrorized are now dead?
Boeing has been building safe airplanes since the dawn of aviation. The Triple 7 was one of, if not the, safest of them all,
I'm reading a lot of the comments, and it's amazing what people THINK they know (from minimal information provided). I worked alongside NTSB investigators on the TWA 800 crash off Long Island's south shore. Even in a catastrophic explosion at cruising altitude, there would be extensive floating debris (i.e. seat cushions) on the ocean's surface. As the search ramps up, if the plane is indeed down in the ocean, they should locate an area with floating debris. In Flt 800, at lower altitude, the ocean was covered that night and the next day with a lot of floating aircraft parts and interior panels and seats, and sadly, human remains.
Brett, Nobody is saying that they know anything about this incident. The commenters are speculating, just like everyone else. While your points are well taken, you're not the only kid in the pool.
"You unlock this door with the key of imagination. Beyond it is another dimension - a dimension of sound, a dimension of sight, a dimension of mind. You're moving into a land of both shadow and substance, of things and ideas. Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 just crossed over into the Twilight Zone."!
''Aliens'' Maybe, Then'' what else, All our radars and can not find an airplane is a joke.
If the plane was out of range of land based radar and was only being tracked by gps tracker and/or transponder, could the pilot have turned them off? If the copilot was out of the cockpit, he could have then changed course and flown some distance before intentionally crashing the plane. Pilot suicide has happened before. It is a terrible tragedy. Hopefully there is satellite information or other traffic (military?) that picked up the flight. We have 30 days of battery life on the black boxes and a lot of area to cover. It just doesn't make any sense.
Yes, the transponder can be turned off, in fact the transponder did go dark at 35,000ft. There's only two possibilities, one is it was manually turned off and the other is a catastrophic event. Yes pilot suicide has happened before in fact one case just recently in Africa did that very thing, locked the co-pilot out of the cockpit when he left to use the restroom. But there's no evidence of a crash here, it looks like the plane may have been intentionally flown somewhere after having its transponder turned off. The waters in the area are really shallow, no more than 250-300ft or so, they'd be getting a ping from the black boxes you'd think.
First off R get a real name,secondly stop taking the drugs you are on.
" But there's no evidence of a crash here, it looks like the plane may have been intentionally flown somewhere after having its transponder turned off." While it is certainly possible to turn off the transponder, this does NOT make the aircraft disappear from radar. Their radar signature would still be there...just without identifying information (which is received from the transponder). While it is certainly possible to fly low enough as to avoid being picked up by radar, such a descent would almost certainly be noticed on the radar...and it would also mean that the plane was then flying low enough as to be easily seen from the ground. The Gulf Of Thailand is a fairly busy area in terms of maritime traffic (commercial vessels, fishing boats, naval patrols), so a low flying airliner would almost certainly would have been seen and given the attention on this incident, would have been reported.
I had heard that the plane was out of range of land based radar and was being tracked by the gps signal the 777 sends out. If that could have been turned off also, the pilot (or copilot) could have flown some distance in almost any direction. I agree there has to be a debris field. So far they are not looking in the right places apparently.
Screaming Lord Byron, you are right and wrong. Turning off the transponder does not make it disappear from radar, although the area this plane was in was a radar dark area so yes in this case it does essentially disappear when it stops transmitting info. Info transmitted is position and altitude so no they would not know it descended if the transponder was turned off before that occurred.
@ Lisa...while it MIGHT have been in a radar dark area as far as civilian radar facilities are concerned, it certainly would not have been in a radar dark area as far as military radar...and because of the various political tensions in that area, the military radars at the various countries bordering the Gulf Of Thailand would have been in operation. And again, as I noted previously, if the plane did descend to get "below the radar" and travelled for any distance at that low altitude, it almost certainly would have been seen by either shipping in the area (including fishing boats) or even from shore, as it would have to be at a really low altitude, which would be noted as it would be unusual.
Todays report: "KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Malaysia's military believes a jetliner missing for almost four days turned and flew hundreds of kilometers to the west after it last made contact with civilian air traffic control off the country's east coast, a senior officer told Reuters on Tuesday." Somebody was apparently flying that plane in the wrong direction, which ties back to my original theory. Cockpit doors are hard to breach and the 777 is only easy to fly if you are familiar with the autopilot and flight control systems.
People keep asking if it were a terror group why haven't they taken credit? According to an expert on CNN....Because it could be a trial run and they don't want the attention on themselves yet. it would limit their chances of achieving a bigger goal. There was a plan to take down 13 airliners in the past where they took down 1 as a trial run and they didn't claim it. Some security expert was just talking about it on CNN.
Expert and CNN in the same sentence LOL
Someone admits to watching CNN? Finding that is harder than finding this plane will be.
Really?! yes and proudly. I watch them all, but I like CNN the best lately. It's not as extreme as MSNBC and Fox supporting their parties. CNN is mellow.
HEADLINE: Malaysia air probe finds scant evidence of attack: sources No #$%$ Sherlock...There's not much evidence of ANYTHING 'cause no one knows where the hell the plane is.
how can a plane this huge disintegrate at 35,000 feet and not have any piece of the aircraft floating somewhere? at the very least the seats and or bodies should float to surface of water if there was explosion, but to disappear all together without a trace is unrealistic. even if the plane had started to turn back to go back to where it took off the circle it made to go back should still be close to it's original route, hmm, very strange and if nothing is recovered in next few days, then I doubt anything will be found unless by accident.. well I am heart broken for all the families who lost someone in theDisappearance of this plane and not having any idea of what the cause was or were the plane is now..
it was the Langoliers that got them
Michael: Forgot about the Challenger already ? Its an aluminum tube, straddled by two jet fuel pods. complete catastrophic event. For my self it smells like a missile strike. just is.
The illegal kind with stolen passports and bombs shoved up their bums.
Firstshot, where in the world did you get the idea that the challenger vanished without a trace? They pull the entire fuselage from the water and even found the remains of the crew.
nah langoliers for sure. no one has a loose enough rectum to shove a bomb up it. except maybe Jenna Jamieson
Only Todd "let's roll" Beamer could provide an answer to that question
Firstshot, what Kevin said… also, Challenger was traveling at like 1400 mph when it broke up at 48,000 feet.
Not to be funny.. But time to bring in the X Files team..
I'm sure parts of it will be found within the next week or so. It had to be a massive mechanical or structural failure, hence no explosion.
Good question. The families deserve an answer.
? Ok, How can a plane leave oil streaks in a perfect line for six miles and disintegrate at 35,000 feet? See what happens when 3rd world countries, try to make sense out of science
Exactly, evenly dispersed oil slicks in connection to the explosion theory... doesn't make sense. The plane either dumped fuel while turning around in order to land safely or it nose-dived like the Air France accident. But if it did crash we still should see debris very soon, even if only a little.
Any theories about what happened to this airplane are just that at this point....theories. I also have one possible scenario of what happened to this jet that I have not seen discussed very much. If there had been a loss of pressurization or the oxygen system malfunctioned on the aircraft and there was no warning given to the flight crew, the pilots would have lost consciousness from hypoxia very quickly. If no warning was received, the flight crew would not have donned oxygen masks. This is the scenario that occurred when the private jet carrying golfer Payne Stewart crashed years ago after the autopilot flew the jet hundreds of miles off-course until the fuel finally ran out. If the Malaysian airliner had suffered such a fate, this may explain why there was a change of course and the aircraft may have plunged intact into the sea. In such a case, the aircraft could have strayed a good distance from where authorities would expect to find it and they would not be receiving signals from the black boxes simply because they are looking in the wrong place. However, I will now shoot my own theory down by saying, if the plane had flown any distance off-course, that should have been indicated by rada tracking.
The plane had enough fuel to reach Beijing so why crash in the ocean?
Also the planes systems would keep it in the air and on course until it ran out of fuel or the pilot did something. If the pilot was strapped in and became unconscious it is unlikely he would fall over and push the stick forward causing a dive into the ocean. And if he did the transponder would have reported the descending altitude back to the radar until it dropped below the radar.
I was just throwing one possible scenario out there, folks. I'm not saying that I believe that's what happened. Yes, the airplane may have had enough fuel to make it to Beijing, provided that it's last known course would have taken it straight to Beijing, which is unlikely. Also, there was mention that the plane may have made a turn before it was lost. In that event, the plane could be anywhere. Radar tracking from the nearest land from where the plane's last known position only extended 250 miles. The plane could have easily strayed outside of that coverage. Again, I am only presenting this as one possible scenario. And at this point, it is as good as scenario as any other until the wreckage is found.
An Iranian purchased tickets for the two men using stolen passports. Later today they will state that this information is false. Wait and see.
Any chance this thing diverted and landed somewhere? I know it "officially" takes a 10,000 foot runway but skilled pilots could get it down and stopped quicker than that, especially if they dumped fuel first.
This situation is highly disturbing. Am sensing there is a foul play somewhere. We live in an age with sophisticated technology that searches and observe the solar system. How come this technology failed us if we can't find an airplane within earth. Though I live in the troubled part of the world, however I believe life is more precious and something just must be done about this issue. Peoples life shouldn't be toiled with. I feel for the families of those on board. I pray they surmount this hard times.
Can't they try to locate/track through GPS one of the 200+ passenger electronic devices (i.e. smart phones)?
Reporting suppositions rather than waiting for facts is today's cesspool of journalists. Disgusting behavior for the victim's families to have to deal with.
@Kendra....GPS is one-way (without a data connection at least...to somewhere terrestrial) TO the smart phone. And the last I knew, they weren't putting up cell towers in the ocean. Also, if your said devices are under the water....that idea would also be hosed.
Ghoosh! Am confused to have lost all those lives and their properties
They are probably safe somewhere..Maybe a GSM or Communication Jammer has been used !! Pray that these innocent people are safe , lets hope the authorities make full effort searching for them !!!
It is highly disturbing. It may be a test of some kind. It this happens again we will know it and will be a very major issue.
Our technology is really not that as advanced as you think. If a plane went down into the ocean GPS signals would not work to pin point it. Also, we are still discovering uncharted parts of the ocean. You also have multiple variables to take into effect i.e. current, etc.
really? we have water proof phones and watches..and a GPS tracker cant be found in said water. black box? Just another casualty in this effed up world of evil.
It is obvious that the plane didn't crash where they thought it did otherwise they would have already found the wreckage. It was flown off course and it could have been for hours before it crashed.
You get the prize. That's exactly the most likely scenario. The plane had 7 hours of fuel left.
Why have we heard so little more about the camel salesman, Mr Ali?
Yesterday they said they had recovered pieces of the plane. Today they say they have not found any wreckage. Amazing isn't it?
According to online blog, many native Malaysian bloggers just curios to what happened disappeared of the aircraft, but not really seem to care much at all. The majority of air travel in and out of Malaysia are Chinese in a country 40% of population made up of Chinese and they control 65% of the country commerce and banking.
My only hope at this moment is that the plane did explode instantly and that all the passengers were knocked unconscious or killed instantly long before that plane fell to the ocean below. That is the only thing I can think about, the suffering of all those human beings, killed, murdered, for what? What could possibly be important enough to kill those people, children, infants, old people, young people, daughters, sons, mothers, fathers, friends, spouses...my heart is just broken by this sadness today...
For what it's worth, when the plane HIT the water, they were probably going 250 miles per hour. At that speed the water may as well have been the ground. Chances are at altitude most would have passed out, for those who didn't the end came too fast for them to suffer.
it is tragic, but i smell an awful rat! i can only hope the same as you do..that it was instant..and no one had to suffer
I am so sad,my prayers are with the family,,,,,,
Hi Papa Sixer, I think if it went into the ocean as everything indicates, it would be traveling much faster than 250 mph. More like 500+ mph or more. Cruising attitude is usually about 500 MPH anyway so just imagine what happens when it begins a nose dive. I also hope those poor people didn't suffer.
To answer your question regarding what's important enough to kill people; well, it's called religion. Remember 9/11? Muslims scored 3,000.
Ideology. There isn't a race on the face of the earth that hasn't proven that ideology is more important than individual human lives.
Jed, the 9/11 Muslims weren't religious. As they awaited their evil deed, they drank and went to strip clubs. Those are not Muslim religious practices.
where is the debris? even with the Lockerbie crash they found wreckage. Also, if it was foul play, someone would have come forward and taken credit by now, but still there would have been something left.
If it went into the Ocean at least the transponders from the blackbox would have activated and its location coordinated. In this case not even the transponder is communicating its location.
your heart is so broken you would rather see the plane explode than have it hi-jacked, and the passengers still alive? Sounds like your heart is cracked
at 35000 feet free fall time to the water would be about 3 min. If they didn't die on the explosion then its 3 mins to …………….
That's a long 3 minutes if conscious.
Its probably with the aliens ... Or just somewhere along the area ... Scientific probe and satellites could piece together the trajectory too .!! This really is mysterious and also could be terror related ...Mr Ali .? Hes a Terror lord .? Hey isn't he a little suspicious with 2stolen passports as his tickets for a repeat attempt @that airport We may never get the truth anyway .! Mysterious story indeed . SalO NY.
Such a tragic event. I pray for their families. Imagine being one of their relatives, constantly being pestered by selfish reporters while you are trying to deal with the loss of of your child that was the pride and joy of your life. Things like this really make you think about all the things that we take for granted that can be taken away from any of us in seconds. Once again, I pray for their families, and I hope that the media gets an understanding of what they are putting these people through.
....beyond the pestering behavior, the media needs to be careful on the information they negligently disseminate over the wire. They're good at prematurely disseminating information.
? Did you just get to earth?
I thought I read that the airlines security protocols as keeping the family members away from reporters. They have them taken care of at one of the hotels. I haven't heard of any family interviews yet so it must be working. This is a very tragic event for these people and they should be helped as much as possible. Imagine knowing your family member is dead but not being able to even know how it happened. I know that I would not be able to sleep or eat in such a situation.
The image in my mind while considering a plane breaking up at 35K feet is horrific. I hope I never have to consider such a thought for my family. I'll be staying home in the good old USA for a long time to come as will my family.
Maybe we all should sign off of this discussion out of respect for the effected families?! Thank God my family is safe and at home in the continental US of A.
I was going to pray too, but once I started praying all I could think about was winning lottery numbers
This is one of the most used air corridors in the world , combine that with a short flight window over the sea and I don't think it is to difficult to ascertain that this aircraft was taken down , is it not strange with all the technological equipment available that the world is being told it is a MYSTERY , combine that with the multi-billion dollar aircraft passenger industry which is terrified at the thought of either TERRORIST brought this aircraft down abruptly or even worse that the pilot was responsible which could send shock waves thru-out the industry which is being seen at this very moment with Malaysian Air stock down 18% in the last 24 hours .. Wake up people this is not the Scyfy channel , this is REALITY ...
[Malaysia Air Probe Finds Scant Evidence of Attack: Sources] Of course they find scant evidence of an attack. They've found scant evidence of anything. They're still trying to find the first confirmed piece of wreckage.
Here it comes - ruling out terrorism right away. How long before the investigators claim it was a center fuel tank explosion.
Waiting to find out what happened to the plane is so dreadful for all their loved ones. We just have to wait and see what exactly that caused this tragedy. When thing like this happens, it makes us realized that life if so precious, and can be taken away anytime. So live in present is a gift in itself that we take for granted everyday. We should treasure every minute of the day and live it to the fullest, but most of all, we should tell our loved ones more often that we love them. My thoughts and prayers go to out to the victims and their families. May God comfort you all in this difficult time.
Although a seeming impossibility, maybe it's been hijacked? We can only hope. How far could it have gone on its fuel? Where could it have been diverted?
No debris means it did not come a part in mid air, nor did it disintegrate on impact with the water. This plane was either flown to another location, which doesn't seem likely, or as I suspect, was flown low to the water and ditched. Another scenario...if the flight deck was somehow taken over, the plane could have been in a controlled descent without the passengers knowing what was going on. Consequently, no distress communications from the cockpit, and no cell phone calls from the passengers. Just my opinion....I think they will find this plane intact, far from it's intended flight path, and at the bottom of the ocean.
Yup, I think it was a catastrophic engine and electrical failure, and then a water landing and the plane is intact at the bottom of the ocean. Sully Sullenberg proved it's do-able when he landed his plane in the Hudson River.
hmmmm.. water landing??? where are any of the people and safety rafts? a water landing would have either resulted in a breakup and lots of debris or a successful landing like on the Potomac and then people/bodies and rafts.
My hypothesis put out yesterday was that there were fight in cockpit. There were no signals because the crews were under control by someone. During the fight they all lost control over the plan. The plane could dive directly into ocean and sink to the bottom of the deep sea. Other option other then this and explosion could have some signal received.
How about that new Laser cannon the US Navy has. Maybe it accidentally fired a shot that took it out, hmm? lol
random thoughts: whatever became of the two oil slicks that were found in the area; can't they determine where they begin and send down a submersible? but, then that area is being scoured..and no debris found yet... as for the passports, the article quotes an official with Interpol or some agency..that because of the fact that Kuala Lampur is a hub for much illegal activity regarding things such as stolen passports, he says , basically it is much more common than would seem in this case... also, our US spy satellites in the area..which provide thorough surveillance of the area detected no explosion ...and, why would it turn back..so many mysteries...I pray for the families and friends..peace be with them.
That's possibly the lamest argument I've heard for there being no Islamist involvement. -- particularly those speculations coming from Muslims.
How could the statements made by the travel agent NOT prompt more serious investigation by governments and the media? Where is the media and their investigative journalism? Mr Ali? Iranian businessman? Pays in cash? She had to rebook because the other tickets expired? #$%$? News media...get your #$%$ in gear.
What about all the people with cell phones these days. If I remember correctly on 9-11 when the planes were hijacked there were people who were able to make telephone calls to family and have not heard that any families received telephone calls from anyone. Has anyone heard otherwise?
Well folks a perfectly good airplane just doesn't disappear or drop out of the sky for no apparent reason. In this day and age I would strongly support terrorism over mechanical malfunction.
I saw a documentary about a similar incident a few years back. What happened was that an airliner from a Eurasian carrier mysteriously disappeared over the South Pacific. After breaking-up in midair, the remnants of the plane landed on an island that was shifted slightly outside of our current understanding of time and space. The survivors spent years trying to escape, building alliances and making enemies with the current and past inhabitants of the island, and one of them even had a baby. Details are unclear about how their ordeal ended after seven years, some speculate that they had actually been dead the whole time. Alas, only JJ Abrams knows for sure.
Haha, nice one. I am of the mindset that they were dead the whole time as well.
It was the Others that did this, or Ben, or Jacob, or the Man in Black or the Dharma Initiative.
It does not appear that the two with stolen passports were involved in any way with the disappearance of this plane but rather were just trying to illegally enter Europe. What the travel agent is reporting matches the ticket receipt, they did get some pretty cheap flights and just the day before, the total for all 3 flight segments was 19,560 Thai Baht which is roughly $600. The Iranian "Mr. Ali" obviously runs an illegal immigration operation with stolen passports, nothing unusual about that, happens a lot in SE Asia. But now where is the plane?
B777 is as safe as a couch. I'm guessing CIA wanted someone on that plane snuffed, and felt the collateral damage was acceptable.
Any disaster like this is a terrible thing to behold. The families, friends and other loved ones of every passenger will never see each other again; and we can only hope that the collective efforts of the nations searching for the missing plane locate something definitive, soon. Even upon hearing and reading the breaking news coverage of this event, it was wrought with speculation and bias via U.S. media sources...the foremost details being the stolen passports and how many Americans were on board. There has been no proven correlation between the missing jetliner and the stolen passports, yet. And this is a universal tragedy for anyone who has lost someone dear to them, regardless of what part of the world they are from.
The media from all over the world is reporting it this way. There were 7 Australians. 5 from India. 1 Russian. Each country that I just mentioned...I guarantee you they mention the # of those from their county. Of course we know it's a universal tragedy. Stop blaming America for everything.
You have a point, RandyJ. Any nation that had passengers on this flight would provide details on how many of their citizens were on board.
Of COURSE it's a national crises and I agree with RandyJ that Eagna should not blame America. Bias via U.S. Media? It seems to me that the entire of the coverage is straight from Malaysia and other Asian sources. You are one that needs to wait for info before jumping to judgments.
The fuel slick located should have been analyzed by now to determine if it is jet fuel. My suspicion is that it's not. Were it terrorists, they would likely want to hijack the airplane and keep in tact for later use, flying it below radar to some isolated area. Had it been a catastrophic event at 35K ft, floating debris would be scattered in a wide area and something would be found. Unlikely, but it could have been hit by a meteor and vaporized or lastly, ABDUCTED.
it has been analyzed and it is NOT related to the aircraft
todays news it said the fuel slick wasn't the plane
you people are guessing on the comments
this is so scary. This story makes me so sick. How can the plane just be gone? I asked myself if the plane had crashed into the water could it have sunk so quickly that not even divers can see it? Can you imagine the fear devouring the people on the plane. Why don't people check surrounding countries? I am so scared for these peoples families who already know the truth but still have no idea where their loved ones are.
There is little evidence that the plane was attacked, and little evidence that it was not attacked. There is little evidence, period.
very little evidence proves beyond benefit of a doubt that it was attacked by high tech missiles.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday." He raises a good point. You would think an immigration official would question the fact Asian people presenting passports with Italian and Austrian names would at least cause the immigration officials to do a second look and at least check the passports to ensure they belonged to the people providing them. Hopefully, this will cause immigration authorities to make it a mandatory requirement to check passports of those whose nationalities do not match their names. Extra work? Yes! But the majority of people usually won't require this kind of verification - so it shouldn't add too much more to their existing workload.
Austrian Christian Kozel and Italian Luigi Maraldi Yes, This is a red flag!
The Malaysian minister is #$%$. It is unfair to assume so as many Malaysians have Western names, but are Eurasians. With the amount of mixed blood in the region, it is expected that a few people on each flight would have names that do not traditionally match their appearance. I would probably intentionally get diarrhoea so that customs can deal with it during the mandatory cavity check everytime I go through customs if that was the case. No country has asked twice about my name, as they shouldn't.
So Italy and Austria don't have any Asian citizens? Come on people..
Well, we may find out that racial profiling could have saved 200+ lives.
@RJM; I'm not sure about that. I'm of Asian ancestry with a very European name. My father was in the Korean War, and I was born in California after he was discharged.
Jragon; You are correct and the same people complaining would raise hell if the agents profiled these people. Better to search little old ladies and babies then to check the obvious.
Asian people have european names..point blank period. my asian boyfriend is called Alex...i say to hell with it! what is your damn chinese name...he told me...and that is what i call his ass today.
The passports may very well have been modified with photos of those using them.
Racial profiling isn't necessarily the way to do this so much as common sense is. If your Italian man doesn't know how to speak Italian, it should make you think a little. Even easier at that point is a centralized database that tells you if a passport has ever been reported as stolen. I believe the US already has such a system. Thailand used to be a big black market for stolen passports, but they come up under that scrutiny. At which point your Italian man who doesn't speak Italian should look a bit more suspicious. :-P
Well thats the problem of not profiling because the politically correct EU and human rights group impose that its being racist to do so. For them their motto is : it's a problem when it becomes a problem or in Malaysian case 200+ dead.
My Asian boyfriend is called "Barack" and lies constantly. Semper Fi.
I wish every passports must have some hidden country codes that no one can misuse it
Is it possible the plane had arrived at its destination and nobody noticed?
and the families are still waiting for them?????? i doubt it
IF the reports coming from "other sources" about the Cell phones belonging to the passengers of that flight still working as of today, then this would lead me to guess that there is something else going on here.
No evidence of an attack. The sudden disapearance of the jet, with nothing more, is evidence of an attack. The truth is out there. How to hide it and spin it into something else is currently in the works.
Gut feeling- plane at bottom of the sea. It's not that deep, 150-300 ft.?,- not near the depths of that Air France flight in some 12,000 ft. But would sonar or subs find it? Just feel it's somewhere, not 'disappeared' or obliterated. If there had been an enormous explosion, wouldn't someone have reported seeing something by now?
The reason why they have no evidence that it was an act of terror, is because they no evidence, period. And BTW, Malaysia is about 65% Muslim. No wonder they are so quick to avoid saying it was terrorists.
No evidence of attack? There is no evidence of the plane!
Assuming the plane did suffer from some sort of catastrophic event at 35,000 feet there would still be sizable debris left behind. The problem is that the debris can be many miles from where radar contact was lost. That's what happened with the Air France jet that crashed into the Atlantic in 2009. It took five days before wreckage was located. And it took almost two years before the black box recorders were found. From that altitude the debris field can span hundreds of miles. What I'm really curious about is whether or not the 777 was sending black box like information to the airline during the flight. The Airbus jet in the Air France crash was sending data about speed, altitude, etc. and that information was key to determining why the plane went down.
One major difference between this and the Air France crash is the depth of the water. While the Air France jet crashed into the ocean and sank 13,000 feet, and the area where the Malaysian aircraft sunk is only 300 feet deep. This should help speed things up once they start finding significant debris.
This is what I was thinking. The plane didn't just disintegrate into thin air without any trace to be found...eventually.
I bet it went down in one piece
The depth of the water will be a big help in determining what happened. With that depth they will hopefully find the flight recorders quickly.
I was on Netflix and they have a series about airplane disasters, 10 episodes I believe it is, very interesting, different problems each episode. One was an Air India 747 brot down by a bomb off the coast of the UK, it was at altitude too, just pieces found, deep, they could only salvage some of the pieces. It was actually the medical examiners who led them to look for a bomb, as almost all of the bodies showed signs of being dead prior to falling 32,000 to the ocean, ejected from the bombed jet, falling, suffocated I guess due to lack of oxygen.
Anya...if you've never seen it there was a documentary on British Airways flight 9 that is amazing. It was the first commercial aircraft to fly through heavy volcanic ash, and it glided for over 30 minutes with all 4 engines shut down. I had no idea a 747 could glide for that long. It eventually landed safely, but I can't imagine anyone who came off that plane was ever normal again.
Look at the crash site of flight 93 in Shanksville PA, that plane a long with all it's passengers completely disintegrated on impact, if it happened once, it can happen again,right?
Radar would have tracked it if it just fell out of the sky.....takes a while to fall 35 thousand feet!
@Mike. There was NO debris field in Pa. because there was NO crash. A plane hitting land does not disintegrate and not leave any evidence. There would be baggage, body parts and all sorts of debris strewn for miles. There was NONE in PA. because you believe the lies of the American media that is complicit in covering up the fact that it was an inside job. What you wrote here is typical of people who believed EVERYTHING that was lied about 9/11 in the press. Okay, already you have your eyes and ears and mind shut down because you already think I am just a conspiracy theorist. You are absolutely wrong on that one. ALL the evidence points to an inside job. it is easy to fool the American public because it is complacent and they will believe anything if its in the press. There was no debris field in PA because there was no plane. Even if there was a plane and it exploded in the air or on the ground there WOULD BE A DEBRIS FIELD. How can you even begin to believe it disintegrated and left nothing??? If it had landed in the ocean then maybe no debris, but that supposed flight was over land, and there will be debris, but there was none. The firemen, the sheriff and the sightseers saw no debris, and that is because it was all a setup. Do some research. Sure a movie was made about it and that was also part of the coverup. The official story was that the plane nosedived into the ground straight down and that is why there was no debris. Sorry to have to tell you but that is all hogwash and most Americans believe it. If a plane goes straight into the ground the tail rudder and wings will shear off and stay above ground. it is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. If the plane went into the ground as they said it did then dig it up, but there is nothing to dig up because flight 93 was a complete phantom flight and it fooled you and millions of other gullible people who don't do any research and just accept everything they hear from their "government".
There may be a lot of red herrings cloaking the real reason the flight was sabotaged.
Why can't they just write the article, rather than invading the privacy of the surviving family and loved ones. It just seems crass photographing them up close. Somehow, and you may say this is exaggeration on my part, but I somehow think that were this an act of terrorism, there is link between the indifference of the photographers and the indifference to life in general that we see in the world. I for one, would want to do everything in my power to give these people space, food, water, privacy, and clergy if requested.
I couldnt agree more...Its called class...Unfortunetly it is becoming rare...My hats off to you ...Obviously a person with class.
I agree. I think we have become so desensitized to feelings of others. This is so apparent in the comments by so many people in other yahoo news.
There is little evidence that anything has happened to this plane.
No evidence only common sense suggest terrorist attack. people go on as nothing happened and terrorists will go on if people dont wake up and destroy those committing terrorists attacks.
Two Passports stolen at different time show up on the same flight? Tickets bought by an Iranian. I suspect that Iran is involved. They try to deflect the attention from the missiles loaded ship captured in the Red Sea.
This has got to be the most disturbing case of an airline catastrophe i've heard of since 911. Planes just don't VANISH especially a 777. Something obviously happened here no doubt about it but the whole incident has got a VERY VERY eerie feeling to it. Especially, with the pilots not issuing any "mayday" calls for help, no physical traces of the jet can be found, since these are HUGE aircraft for those that have never flown on a 777. No bodies have been spotted clinging onto any debris floating in the ocean somewhere JUST ABSOLUTELY NOTHING like it never happened...!!! It's quite disturbing that at this stage we can only "assume" what transpired until we locate that damn black box. Which at this point seems less and less likely were going to be able to find. I've always been intrigued about aviation and this is one incident the FAA sure to not forget anytime soon. I sure as hell wouldn't wanna be in there shoes. Whatever ended up happening GOD BLESS those folks i hope they went quick and painlessly. I know that's how the majority of us out there would want to go into the after life.
And our spy satellites didn't even pick up any kind of explosion either. Now that's saying something.
Maybe Bermuda doesn't have the only "Triangle.'
Wormholes. Not meant as a joke or a nut case. But hey, anything is possible including the unknown. I just hope investigators find something reassuring that will these families' terrible uncertainties at rest.
Wanna know something more disturbing? All cockpit voice recorders and flight data recorders (black boxes) are equipped with an underwater acoustic beacon that are triggered when the boxes come in contact with water. The beacon will pulse every second for 30 days and has a survival rating of 90%. They're good for up to 14,000ft. If this plane crashed in the water and this beacon is going off then the boxes should be able to be detected by simple sonar, yet, they still haven't found the plane... As you said, "...the whole incident has got a VERY VERY eerie feeling to it.".
Maybe somebody stole the plane. Most of the passengers were in on the plan, a $100 Million aircraft has got to be worth a lot to the right buyer.
maybe it hit some freak of nature vortex-like time warp and went through. Maybe they're having a really interesting adventure right now. or maybe they're dust
@Magilla: Then explain how they made the plane disappear in midflight if it was stolen. Come on now. Reality check.
Okay, I'm honestly thinking that maybe wormholes, aliens, or something of that nature, caused this....Everything about this story is soooo weird....
It is possible to fly low enough to not be detected by radar. Maybe it was hijacked by terrorists and they are flying low until they get to where ever it is they plan on doing something. Only other thing I can think of is the Langoliers.
Not the Bermuda Triangle but the Dragons Triangle is near by. More planes and ships have been lost there than the Bermuda
It's just silly to talk about Aliens or crazy sci-fi theories. The most logical explanation is foul play and mid-air explosion. At least 2 people on board with stolen passport. No distress calls. The plane was destroyed in the air abruptly.
This reminds me of the manga series (cage of eden) sad story
With GPS, onstar, I couldn't lose my Honda. How do they lose a 777. Oh, right it disappeared.
The plane can still explode in the air in a small explosion that leaves rest of the plane still intact and then it would nose dive into the ocean to the bottom. . Stop the silly theories, they already found a few pieces of the plane in the water and they will find more in days to come.
come tomtalbs. bodies don't float if plane hit the water. after the pilots either got kill or shut the engines or took the plane out of automatic pilot it went out control falling from the sky within few minutes since there two fake austria n italian passport people. you got a plane that weight several million pounds maybe 5 million or even 1 millions pounds that's a lot of weight and falling out of control from around 30-35k feet or even 20kft at speed of maybe 500 to 1000 feet per second and splashing in the ocean and all that happened in probably less than 5 minutes and probably about one minute free falling from the sky. just imaging throwing a egg at wall around 200 miles an hour what you get thousands of little bit pieces. that's what happened to humans.
this is like the tv series" LOST" plane crash on invisible island. its so crazy how similar the situation is . Hope they do survive the crash and did end up on an island instead of the freezing sea.
"Bush did it!" Feel bad for the family members left behind, no closure. I'm sure parts of the wreck will be found... it's only a matter of time, but I'm sure it feels like an eternity to the family members. RIP...
very twilight zone, but here in the real world it is just too tragic for this obvious comparison.
Magilla: Go home and play with your Gorilla! How the LLEH could somebody have STOLEN the aircraft? You really are not that bright.
Get the blasted CAMERAS away from the grieving parents and relatives. That is totally uncalled for and an invasion of PRIVACY. How cruel can they be? Oh, that's right, It's all about you takes the pictures and sell them to the highest bidders. GREEDY B******S
...those of you who takes... Please pray for the families.
The FAA is the national aviation authority of the U.S. . They have nothing to do with this.
Any number of issues could be going on, but the Dragon's Triangle is further north from the point in which is was reported missing. A plane being stolen or hijacked isn't actually that terrible of a suggestion, it could have landed in the Jungle. It could be a Black Opps mission to impose new passport laws- since they keep repeating this passport issue. Seriously, how do half a dozen airport officials miss FOUR false passports on one flight? And if the plane "broke up" in mid flight there would not be two evenly dispersed oil slicks on the ocean. Explosions cause gasoline to vaporize and disperse unevenly. Shady.
Well thanks for all the feedback folks. I'm just glad i'm not the only one who feels this way about this horrible tragedy. The Bermuda Triangle theory should NOT be taken lightly at all. As i do believe in it quite strongly and know for a fact we lost TONS of planes, ships, etc...to it. Perhaps this will finally be ET's way of acknowledging there existence...? All i know is that something just isn't sitting right with me about this i can feel it in my gut. Something happened that's for damn sure but i'm starting to strongly believe it was NOT carried out by a "mans hand" if you will. And that's chilling to say the least.....
Physical objects cannot just disappear. The laws of physics have proven this over and over. Physical objects can be hidden, liquified, carbonized or manipulated into smaller pieces, etc... but they do not just spontaneously disappear. Ease off the Bermuda Triangle angle. You'll lose creditability quickly.
Perhaps something really obscure caused the plane to break up, like an impact from a small meteor, or debris from space; it wouldn't necessarily cause an explosion, but certainly could fracture the plane if it hit in the right way. That's highly unlikely, but…you never know. Maybe an errant missile? Also, UFO's and Langoliers don't sound too far fetched when a plane just vanished without a trace…well, they do have the oil slick.
As Erin mentioned, can't have as many disappearance theories w/ those oil slicks being found on the water. The black box part and the rest of this story are very eerie. These black boxes don't seem to do much these days, might be time to equip them w an Iphone.
perhaps the State Department should send Denis Rodman over there to investigate the cause
Marshall, good point. But if the plane blew up for whatever reason, then there should still be debris in the ocean.
They tested the oil slicks and determined that they weren't from a jet liner. I dont why people keep bringing up the oil slicks.
Apparently there's been reports that family members have called the cell phones of their missing relatives and some of the phones were picked up w/ no answer and then the line would go dead after 20-30 seconds.
Tomtalker - It's being reported that there was 7 1/2 of fuel left on the plane when it made it's turn, or about 4,000 miles. If the cabin lost pressure (everyone became unconscious like Payne Stewart's plane did in the 90s) and continued flying until out of fuel - then that could put the plane somewhere in the middle of the Pacific or Indian Oceans when it went down, depending on which way it turned. The problem though is the electronic communications - there wasn't any. Either direction could have easily flown over land where communications and the plane, would have been seen or heard. Baffling.
It's a mystery, wrapped in a riddle, trapped inside an enigma.
might be air piracy...steal the aircraft, kidnap the passengers, demand a ransom..
It took two years to find the air France plane in the Atlantic. People need to give it time..
Come on man are the Air Traffic Controllers BS'ing us? I mean where was the last contact point? There's other planes in the air. Boats in the sea. A plane just does not disappear. What kind of known chemical or explosive device could cause a complete disintegration? It's just not physically possible. I would grill the air traffic controllers, make sure their readings were correct.
Paid two tickets in cash was not a question??? Clearly, the buyer intended to cover his identity.
If the sea has an average depth of 200 feet in the are where the plane went down, as reported, why is it not yet found.
For once, I accept negative evidence as having merit! Mechanical problems next to consider!!
Did this airplane collide head on with a military aircraft? Wouldn't there be a fireball? Who was watching the radar on the ground even if someone turned off the tracking gear on board the plane? Was the plane loaded with explosives on the ground and detonated by an altimeter on board? Were they shot down?
I think it was hijacked and it has landed safely. The evidence and lack of evidence both suggest that. Now we wait to find out why. If it went to Iran as someone suggested, it would create a big problem for them. Who knows. Certainly the plane and it's passengers are of no use to them. So why?
The plane will never disintegrated or vaporized in mid-air. Even a smallest debris can be found floating even if it burst 35,000 feet up in the sky. Asian Farmers woke up at dawn to till their farms while fishermen work from dusk to dawn and Asia is over crowded with them. People could have seen something and reported it by now. With all the advance technologies and satellite surveying equipment, a small piece of the airplane debris can be located. The black box they called cannot be destroyed by bomb blasts... the transponders were turned off... The Malaysian Airline may have been hijacked and landed in a small isolated strip in Vietnam, Thailand, etc., Kidnapped for Ransom maybe the motives behind the disappearance because 2/3 of the passengers are Chinese people who goes to Malaysia for vacation or businesses. Some information are still being kept secret... and not yet the right time to advise the public. (... maybe the UFO took them ??? )
Have all you armchair aeronautical engineers have it figured out yet?
Is it possible that this aircraft was hijacked and force to fly under radar to somewhere that Islamist terrorist needed it? It would make a perfect smoke screen for an attack.
Wow, this is getting weird. OK, the people with the two stolen passports did not board the plane, and as this story fails to mention, their luggage was NOT loaded on to the plane. That is standard procedure for airlines. The fact no credible source came forward claiming responsibility is starting to make terrorism look remote. Even the booking agent for the stolen passport tickets said it is a regular customer in Pattaya Thailand which might mean they are smuggling something, but likely not terrorists. If they started to turn back and did not contact air traffic control, there must have been some problem with their electrical equipment which could also affect the electronic ACARS system. No debris anywhere indicates a nosedive into the ocean. Planes do not pulverize in midair. If it exploded in midair, there would be pieces of it somewhere in the water. A direct plunge into the water, not so much. A fire can be a sudden ending considering the nosedive crash into a Florida swamp of ValuJet Flight 592. Horrible as that ending sounds, it seems the most plausible at this point. Electrical fire on board causes flight to turn back and then sudden loss of control and or consciousness of the crew and it plunges into the ocean. Eek.
2 of the peeps with stolen passports did board the plane, there were two more that did not board the plane, the 2 that did board the plan were going on to other places from beijing. one to amsterdam and the other to germany. (maybe drug related)
the people with two stolen passports did board the plane...
five of the flight’s passengers mysteriously decided not to board the plane just before it took off.
Nich -- Where does it say that the stolen passport guys "did not board the plane?"I can't find that. What I have seen, elsewhere, is that five Indonesians did not board, and their luggage was removed.
There are apparently two that did and two that didn't. Depends on which news source you are reading. Kind of frustrating seeing different versions. I am going to go back and scan all of the sources I can again to try and get it straight. I wish they would find the plane!
Swiss Air 111 nosed into Mahone bay in Nova Scotia in 1998 as a result of fire. It held together through supersonic flight till it hit the ocean. I remember my wife and I heard the sonic boom and said how strange it was as the skies were clear on a nice evening. We were familiar with sonic booms as the Concorde went supersonic over Nova Scotia on its regular flight from JFK to Heathrow at 3:15 pm.
They probably didn't turn back. If the plane exploded that could account for an erratic radar trail.
Malaysia? I thought they said mayonnaise. Sorry.
"Malaysia's state news agency quoted Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the two passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticized the border officials who let them through. I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday." First of all, my prayers go out to the loved ones of all the souls on board. It is tragic and I sincerely hope the authorities will help all the loved ones to find closure. On another note, and that's why I quoted the Home Minister, what world does he live in? People from different origin can be naturalized to become citizens of another country, e.g. due to adoption. I am a naturalized citizen of another country than my birth country, and look nothing like the "typical" person that live in the country of my nationality. So, should I be questioned by immigration officers every time I travel? I don't believe so, but according to this Home Minister, I should.
If your name is Sherida and you look like a caucasian woman, then I think they should. Better be safe than sorry.
Although there are obviously naturalized Asian immigrants to Italy and Austria or those born of immigrants, there aren't a lot and would warrant closer examination. If a white person from the USA had a name like Obama, you'd think that they'd look more carefully at the passport. It's just common sense.
Government law enfoercement over there and in the US hire the stupidest people. These are people that aren't intelligent enough to actually work for a living therefore they work for a government. Its just another form of welfare. These government idiots would he on welfare if not for a government job
The simple responses include automated 24/7 GPS devices on every aircraft. It sounds real simple, but in this day when we are losing our individual privacy at an alarming rate, there needs to debate, much debate about 'real time' location devices on anything or anybody. We do still have a 4th Amendment which was voted upon to protect our privacy.
On a scenario of alien abduction ... all electronics gadgets are cripple immediately. No midday call ... no trace.
The turn was toward down below radar and out to the NEW destination in Muslim territory.
Ummm, as opposed to leaving Malaysia, which also has a majority muslim population?
One Muslim nation is more conducive to allowing bad things than another.
"The source described U.S. satellite coverage of the region as thorough." If this is true then they would know which way the plane went and where it is or was! Not so thorough I'd say!
The investigation should now focus on Iran, given its extensive international terror portfolio...
Part of the search area is nothing but an ocean garbage dump and Kero-A evaporates if tanks burst in midair,also, as one suggested, landing on one of those islands? A B-777 is not a Cessna, no beach landings.
have to also understand in these countries they will not be telling you everything they already know.
Where is the radar when you need it? Even in WWII the brits were able to identify incoming!! This aircraft was not that far away from air traffic control.
There would be some debris, I was in Peggy’s Cove Nova Scotia shortly after Swissair Flight 111 had gone down, and there was debris everywhere. All those floating seat cushions, clothing. If it did break up at 35000 feet there would be some kind of debris field. A hijacking, you would have thought a MayDay from the cockpit, they are locked in there you would think they would have had time to send some kind of signal. Terrorist generally like to flaunt their attacks, and take credit for them, since none of come forward I suspect it wasn’t terrorists. The conspiracies on what happened will be massive, it certainly feels like some kind of cover up, or at least information not being shared. My thoughts are with the families and those who are missing.
I agree, something is floating some where.
About 75% of posters here think that Ancient Aliens is a credible show.
Surely this is Obama's fault like everything else. He personally caused the plane to disappear, there is no question in the wacko mind of this.
Anything to get away from the ACA debacle.
I hate to use it, but waited to see more details to start to lean towards terrorism... The time midnight when security is relaxed, and passport use of two suspects possible 4; that booked ticket at the same time, also not Malaysian decent ( still need more details ). Understandably, passports fraud/ stolen passport are stolen all the time and used in this region, but the coincident of them booking together seems sketchy... Im still lost on why there is no wreckage of as yet, but it could of drifted or plane was intact when hitting the water only leaving the wings to float and other parts... Test runs for the act was probably a precursor of the, Oplan Bojinka, Operation Bojinka, Project Bojinka, and Bojinga. In all I hope my theory is wrong...
Don't terrorist groups typically take credit for their actions after an attack? None have so far.
true, but this could of been a dry run and their plans are bigger, so taking credit might be counter productive at this point. I hate to use the terrorism theory, but all indications are pointing in that direction. Look at the Chinese Terrorist groups and the Bojinka Plot and KSM Khalied Sheik Muhammed and Ramzi Yusef. ( name spelling is off...
As bad as terrorism would be, a mechanical catastrophe could be far worse. If the airframe spontaneously disintegrated at 35,00 feet, it would likely be that cabin pressure could not be held. Such an event would question the entire 777 fleet safety and put Boeing near bankruptcy.
No fishermen saw anything? NO ONE saw anything? Radar captured nothing. Spy radar captured nothing. Nothing floating...not so much as a suitcase. No one checking phone coordinates? All these passengers and none with a phone on? Crew, no phone on? And has anyone questioned the persons who passed the fake Passports through? Inside job? Perhaps this flight landed but those with fake passports couldn't let others live? Any cameras of the fake passport holders? Too many questions. A plane of this size with all these people on board, and all their luggage and all their phones....just disappears without a trace? We're missing something here...
It's in a jungle in Vietnam, probably.
The last contact was between a pilot en route to Narita Airport and MH370, and that was 10 minutes after MH370 disappeared from radar.
I wonder if the ACARS can be disabled from on board the plane during flight, by somebody who knows what they are doing? If so, then I also wonder about the possibility of a hijacking to somewhere remote. Anybody know?
The Iranian mafia operates flights with stolen passports out of Bangkok. This is probably what happened here. The stolen passports most likely have nothing to do with the flights disappearance.
How bout this, they were shot down by that accursed Red Baron?
If no debris field has been found yet it could indicate a sudden and catastrophic dive into the ocean. Complete or unilateral loss of hydraulics control can cause this.
I keep wondering why, in our "connected" world, the Black Box data wouldn't be continuously broadcast and stored on a "regional network" (there are limits, I'd guess, with thousands of big aircraft in the sky) that would be recording relevant data as aircraft enter designated airspace I'm not the first to think of this, but have heard of that possibility. Perhaps we should look into this option? Incidents like this could be quickly analyzed, locations determined, etc. Sounds simple in concept. Can it be done?
Wouldn't it be helpful to actually have some evidence before theories start being released. This is the Malaysian government playing cover our #$%$
Let's look at this; " Mr. Ali" from Iran who pays everything cash buys two tickets for persons with stolen passports, , tickets bought with extra route so no visas are required, plane "mysteriously" disappears (i.e.. blows up) at 35,000 feet. Looks like terrorism to me.
What point is there in a terrorist launching an attack if no one knows who did it or why they did it?
Good point, I suspect the group responsible will be forthcoming in the next week or so.
Just an aside - but I find it amusing that everyone is so mad at Yahoo for their News "reporting". Yahoo is only forwarding on News article written by other agencies. Look at the top of these articles to see where they are from. And early news after these kinds of incidents are always fraught with inaccuracies as reporters rush to get any info out no matter how sketchy. It is why so many conspiracy theories get started so quickly as people note these inaccuracies. The only people who really know what is happening are the governments and agencies involved in the investigation and search and rescue. The REAL and CONFIRMED information comes out many days and weeks later through official press. conferences.
Defending Yahoo's liberal slant? Do you also complain when Matt Drudge aggregates headlines?
So we got a predictable under-aged insult (donald) and a political jab (Alan). Good to know some yahoo posters are still stupid.
is there any other kind of Yahoo "reporting"?
Haven't seen anyone actually going mad at yahoo, just people giving their own opinions of what they may or may not believe has happened to this flight and their passengers and crews. All very sad
Donald, you're a good one to talk. Why don't you shut your face.
Michael and Patrick to the rescue .......... I find your comments equally amusing. Best part of posting comments on Yahoo is getting the replies from suckers like the two of you.
Sorry donald, but you play the part of coy troll pretty terribly. But good try on thinking you 'got us'.
No fooling you ............ Rascal !
This story, today in 2014, just doesn't make any sense. How terrible for the family members of those on board. I hope they find out what happened soon.
Maybe it lost all power and plunged straight down into the sea? Didn't explode, just a nosedive?
Planes don't just fall out of the sky....either one of the crew neutralized the rest of the flight crew, and flew the plane into the ocean, and the two passports stolen are just a coincidence, or the two stolen passport holders had liquid explosives (20-30kg a piece) surgically implanted, and they positioned themselves by the cockpit door and detonated, blowing the front of the plane clean off. Or a meteor hit it....
Authorities should construct a fishbone diagram (Ishikawa diagram) or Cause-and-effect analysis listing all possibilities of what went wrong. From there, they can analyze which has the highest possibilities & focus on that. Right now, they focus on too many angles, too many theories & NOTHING has come up
I think they're focusing on finding the airplane first.
Maybe a passenger knew there was something suspicious going on in the cabin & tried to email plots, at the same time someone on the jet push button self destruct the 777. And the pilots were starting to turn back to Kuala Lumpur, but it was too late. Just like the movie "Air Force One"!
LORD HAVE MERCY AND PLEASE GRANT STRENGTH AND COMFORT TO THESE FAMILIES DURING THIS HORRIBLE TIME OF LOST AMEN AMEN AMEN!!! ... WE ARE PRAYING FOR ALL OF YOU AND WE ARE SO VERY SORRY FOR YOUR LOST!!! I see this very large oil stain in the water,,, that clearly shows that the plane DID NOT DISINTEGRATE, because if it did, the oil stain wound not be concentrated in one spot, especially not from the air.... COME ON PEOPLE, PUT YOUR BEST MINDS ON THIS, DON'T JUST START THROWING OUT EXCUSES AND WEAK POSSIBILITIES to these families, ,, THESE PEOPLE SUSTAINED A TREMENDOUS LOST... THEY DESERVE THE TOTAL DETAILED TRUTH!! .
Maybe it was a video? Made some people angry? The oil stain makes sense.
refrain from barking with capitals and people might listen to what you've got to say.....but the religiosity was too much for me to take on board...
god is fictional he can't help you now
the yahoo headline said it's possible it disintegrated in the air, my comment was that it could not and be a formed oil slick down in the water...TO SPANK:.. IF GOD WAS FICTIONAL, YOU WOULD HAVE NOT AWAKEN TODAY IN A SANE MIND AND THE SENSES TO WANT TO CREATE AND GROW, YOU WOULD HAVE JUST WANTED TO GET FOOD AND PROTECT YOUR LIVING SPACE.... SOMEONE WANTED TO RAISE AND EDUCATE YOU to show you positive CHOICEs for a better FUTURE. POSITIVE THOUGHT FROM HIGHER INTELLIGENCE PLACE THAT THOUGHT IN THEM, THAT'S NOT INSTINCTIVE, THAT'S LEARNED BEHAVIOR.... evil only teach destruction and you know for a fact that evil exist.... but you can't see that POSITIVE GOOD EXIST(GOD)? OH HOW HORRIBLE, BUT I WILL PRAY FOR YOUR EYES TO SOMEDAY SEE HOW GOD ALMIGHTY WILL HELP YOU :-))......and for Dt: THIS IS NOT ABOUT YOU!!! YOU NEED TO START TAKING THAT POSITIVE HOLY SPIRIT EVERYWHERE YOU GO IN LIFE.... I'M NOT TALKING RELIGION, I'M TALKING BLESSED POSITIVE ENERGY THAT GRANTS YOU PEACE, COMFORTS, HEALS, AND EDUCATE. I CALL IT ALMIGHTY JAH GOD, CALL IT/HIM WHAT YOU FEEL LIKE CALLING, JUST CALL ON HIM, AND TAKE HIM ON BOARD EVERYWHERE YOU GO.. IT'S THE BEST PEACE OF MIND CONVERSATION, YOU WILL EVER LEARN FROM.
The US have spy satellites over there and have shown that there were no signs of an explosion, the plane looked like it turned back so they need to look closer to shore rather than out to sea, where nothing has been found so far, if it turned back and plunged 35000 ft into shallow water that would explain a lot of the mysteries.
I find it highly strange and troubling that two of the commuters that boarded the airplane was able to do so with stolen passports from two different people that reside in different countries and have no connection with each other, other than both their passports were stolen in Taiwan about two years ago or so and both reported this. The news reported there are possibly two more people on the plane with fraudulent passports. This is very suspicious and terrorism cannot be ruled out. If the plane disintegrated in the air and pieces of it flew in every direction, shouldn't something be found by now? This situation is mind blogging...something this huge just disappear off the face of the earth. Until otherwise verified I'd rather believe the passengers are okay and at worst being held by captors for reasons unknown to us at the moment.
So meaning it was hijacked then, but in a rapid inter-nations radar, crowded air space, no one could tell any difference. impossible. Disintegrate? like it blew up to pieces, impossible also, it was a huge plane. I think they went back and fell somewhere near Malaysian.
Oh, Ann, Ann, Ann *sigh*. Did you not read the article at all, or are you just that alarmingly lacking in reading comprehension skills? The answers to your questions are in the above article, so I'm not going to take the time to reiterate it all for you. After you reread the article, ONLY THEN should you decide whether or not to keep clinging to your same deluded conclusion.
darby, I comprehend the English dialect considerably well, verbally and written. Some questions asked by me are based on information provided by news channels and not necessarily this report. I am aware that individuals frequently travel using stolen passports, sometimes if not most times, for illegal purposes. The article reads Mr. Ali purchases tickets regularly from this particular traveling agency. There's no crime if someone pays for tickets in cash, but it is something that should be considered. Furthermore, why waste your time responding to my comment/question if you felt I lack "reading comprehension skills/? This makes less sense than the comment/question I provided. Without any concrete evidence to this story, there is not a conclusion, ONLY theories and speculation. Do have a good day!
Obama, colluding with Nazi Communist Socialist Fascist Totalitarian Liberal terrorist space gerbils, had it eliminated since it was a threat to his quest for total domination of the entire Universe for all time. --- As reported on Fox News
The UFO will keep them for a few days until they discover there is no intelligence here.
I trust the aliens said the same thing about you.
Thank you to the continuing efforts of the international search and rescue teams. Malaysia Airlines keep your chin up, maybe start searching the jungles.
It's sad to say that all those people are gone, but what I cant except is that this plane just disintegrated and no sign of it... Do you guys realize that disintegrated means to break apart, which means thousands of items has to be floating somewhere in the water??? Could there be a possibility of completely vanishing from radar but still be flying around, really being hijacked and brought somewhere else? Dumping gas as a diversion? I feel bad just thinking about these situations of what has happened to this plane... but when you can't find anything at all in that water you must ask other question...
You are right RA. There should be something floating aroiund. The whole plane and all the people could not vaporize could they?
They lost track of it and most likely if it didn't explode right away, it veered off course. Then maybe exploded, either way, we all smell foul play. I will say this though, yes there should be THOUSANDS of pieces everywhere, but just remember...the ocean is HUUUUUUGE.. it may take a bit longer.
I wonder if the plane was forced to dive straight down would it break up . Weird that there is no debris.
I think disintegrated is the wrong word too. That would have meant that it was completely reduced to nothing right? That would only happen if it was put under extreme pressure or was exposed to extremely high temperatures, like a small meteor when it enters the atmosphere, it burns up. But obviously 35,000 feet is not nearly high enough for that, and even if the plane exploded it wouldn't have been hot enough to reduce the whole thing completely to ash.....but that's just me and maybe I'm wrong but that's what I think.
... and what can cause one of the most reliable commercial airliners ever built, with many back-up systems, to disappear at the very safe altitude of 35,000 feet.... without a May Day call either by the pilot or by the co-pilot or by just pressing a button to automate one. We cannot speculate now without any facts, but I have a sneaking suspicion.... and if the Chinese come up with proof (verifiable proof) I will just turn my back while they slaughter every man, women, and child even remotely connected with the airline massacre, into mass graves without mercy. If that is the case, then that is the only thing these animals understand. If I am wrong ... then my apologies.
The Chinese never need Proof to slaughter Uygurs.
Strange. How does a large commercial airliner simply disappear into thin air? I thought that -- if indeed it went down in the sea -- the sea would have given up some of the wreckage by now. We'd be seeing more and more flotsam (Seat cushions that are in themselves floatation devices, etc). To think this a/c literally disintegrated into pieces so small they can't be seen is something I can't wrap my head around. These things don't just fall out of the sky, drop 35,000', hit the water, and leave absolutely no trace whatsoever aside from oil slicks that raise more questions than answers, without help. I'm actually wondering if this thing wasn't flown into the water.
Very bizarre. I wonder if we will NEVER truly figure out what happened. It will open the flood gates of speculation and conspiracy trolls adding their two cents going off on some dysfunctional diatribe. See 9/11
It is a huge ocean and hard to see anything from an aircraft or ship..
There should be either body parts or schools of sharks.
This wasn't a search and rescue mission. The people are smart they know all perished and its a recovery mission. Debris will start to show up on shorelines and fishing trawlers' nets in a few weeks. As far as the ELT beacon its on the muddy floor of the Gulf of Thailand and it cannot be heard over significant distances. However, The Gulf of Thailand is relatively shallow: its mean depth is about 147 ft maximum depth 262 ft. They will be find it.
My theory is that there were two stolen passports used as well as 2 suspicious it makes you wonder and To my knowledge on radar you can see the elevation and the airlines on any radar so they should have seen something wasn't right, I was under the impression that the passports go through a scanner and it should have indicated stolen and which time additional information or documents should have been requested or put these people on a no fly list. I was shocked how many passports are lost or stolen yearly its a joke.
Interpol said they have 30-something million passports reported stolen and it's not unusual for countries with "lax" security to not check every passenger through their system......
If anybody's passport is missing should be reported immediately to passport agency and homeland security agency
Unfortunately Obama will probably decide that 10 years until Passports expire is too long, so we will have to get new ones every 3 years or some other PITA
Everyone is ignoring how long it took to find the Air France plane. It also disappeared and it a long time to find.
Something is very wrong here. I had my uncle killed in a plane crash, and I know a few things about it. If this huge aircraft either disintegrated, or blew up at 35,000 feet up, trust me.....there would be debris scattered over hundreds of miles. There would be everything from anything a woman carries in her purse to the seat cushions to stuff from the baggage. If it nosedived into the water in one piece, radar would have easily tracked it falling.. 35.000 feet is almost 7 miles up. It takes a long time to fall that far .Anyone tracking aircraft would have seen the aircraft on radar dropping like a stone. Plus the water is not "deep water" there. It's only 300 feet. Any battle ready ship has sonar that could easily find a plane sitting in the water 300 feet down. Someone is either lying or holding back information. God bless the people who died and their families.
Dude, are you trying to get yourself sent to a fema camp or something. The rest of us are cool cause we're crazy but that kinda talk is dangerous.
I agree - but you are not talking about USA ATC - u r talking SAE ATC - Big Diff
IT WAS ONLY ON A MILITARY RADAR at the time. Just because an Uncle was killed on a plane (sorry, by the way) DO NOT make you an expert.
432 feet deep there, the large sonar dome on the destroyer will locate it easily.
How do you know the water is only 300' deep?????????????????????? You some kind of "soothesayer"?
I kinda agree with Ossaman. After three days and nothing is found, literally, except for the oil that is not even conformed yet. I meant with all the technologies that we have? Something smell fishy..
I mean SEA - South East Asian - Air Traffic Control
I gaurantee - they put out a a myaday - but them commie basterds will hide it and denie it
I agree. Between the radar instellations of three countries and spy satellites overhead, someone must have seen something. Plus, one day oil slicks and a door are possibly seen in the water and the next day they're not. At least so far, things just aren't adding up.
I was talking with air force friend of mine and she knows the water isn't deep, said it's like lade eerie, and if spy satellites confirmed there was no explosion, then they would have been able to track a falling plane.
have to wait to get oil slick verified, but someone said earlier, could be a deviation if it was hijacked, and if it was how did they manage to get it off the radar like that, and those planes have automatic distress signals, why didn't it go off.
No, I am no expert, but I remember all the BS meetings and such. And It is easily researched how deep the water is there. My guess is someone is going for the black box as we speak, Something tells me.....it will be missing or damaged. Lots of possibilities for this horror. Did someone onboard have sensitive info? Was someone about to patent a product that would have cut into someone's profits? Was any passenger a doctor, that possibly could have cured something, thereby putting lots of companies and clinics out of business? Think outside the box. Just my two cents. But judging where this happened , I doubt the truth will ever be told.
The plane was vaporized by a new type of explosive, sunk or hijacked to a remote island full of terrorists with servant monkeys and women.
It's just terrible what meth does to the mind...
Trading meth? Good theory. Drug trade is likely among terrorists and criminals.
Very active imagination, it causes my mind to wander, I hope they're found alive soon
I have been following this story , I think the media is either hiding something or the government of Malaysia is not telling everything we need to know . How can an airplane just vanished ? no radar signature , no evidence of an explosion in mid air , no one saw anything in the sky that would indicate an explosion or a streak . With all this advanced technology , no sign of this plane . Did it just go through some type of worm hole ? I just hope everyone is alive , this is very bizarre , disturbing but also very sad , let us hope for miracle and it is found .
They don't know what they are telling, that's the real problem.
I think the plane was purposely flown off course below radar at night for hours before it crashed. The bigger question is why would the pilot do that?
Very odd and mysterious. I feel bad for the families trying to heal and find closure.
Two unidentified people with false passports is just a sound byte. If terrorists wanted to bring down the aircraft, they would have pulled a Lockerbie - small handheld radio, a timer and a few ounces of plastic explosive - no need to be on the aircraft. Besides, they'd time it to happen over land to maximize the death toll if the plane dropped onto a town or village. My money would be on explosive decompression where pressure in the cabin is lost within less than half a second and the entire aircraft would plummet into the sea and breakup shortly afterwards impact. It is rare since most decompression is gradual, as with the 1999 Learjet crash with golfer Payne Stewart on board. The decompression was so gradual, that the entire crew and passengers suffocated before they knew they had a problem. Autopilot kept the plane flying until it ran out of fuel and crashed. In this case, the aircraft wouldn't be on autopilot as they entered Vietnam air space in case they had to make any course correction dictated by the ATC in Ho Chi Minh City. Sudden (explosive) decompression can cause the cabin floor to collapse over the cargo space, severing vital flight control and communication cables in the process, thus no contact or message in the last few seconds of normal flight. Explosive decompression is caused by a failed door or hatch seal or a bomb but the latter would have left debris along the route.
"Malaysia's state news agency quoted Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticizing border officials who let them through. "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces." He has a point but you cannot go by names or citizenship alone on passports. That is what pictures on passports are for. Does the picture match the person who is in possession of the passport. Some international carriers I have flown on require that you submit your passport number and citizenship during the booking process. This allows them (ostensibly) to check with interpol to see if the passport may be stolen well before you actually show up at the airport to fly. Otherwise, I don't see how you can check databases for a stolen passport during the rush of check in at the airport. There is going to be som fallout over this to be sure.
I'm sure the photo on the stolen passports matched each of the people that had them in their possession.
KP...Are you? You're the only one then. You better hop on a plane and fly to Malaysia. I am sure they will welcome your expertise.
Allen, true. I've made flight bookings in Malaysia and being asked for ID/passport nos, citizenship and other details.
s the way that the media is hounding family members and friends. Like my goodness, yes grief in such a state as this leaves a powerful image but in my opinion it is blatantly disrespectful. These people's family members went on a routine flight only to find out that the plane their family members are traveling on has completely vanished and they are told to expect the worst. During their time of anguish they need solitude and tranquility, not the flashing of cameras and harassment of reporters. I am definitely praying for everyone in this situation: praying for solace, understanding, and closure. And I'm hoping that the media will get a least a pinch of sensitivity and give the families the privacy that they need.
Distraction had to be done keep mind off other event, Bombs in field planted by Russia today.
I'm thinking they are looking in the wrong area for the aircraft. It does not add up that it disintegrated in the air at altitude. At lest not there. If it had disintegrated these oil slicks wouldn't be there- at least not from this aircraft. Oil slicks like this are caused by intact oil or fuel cells. Also, if this were the right location, there would be debris whether it hit the water intact, or broke up in the air. There a lot of parts on an aircraft that will float under any conditions. All those seat bottoms that are designed to used as flotation devices and plastic interior panels readily come to mind. The only way this is the correct location and those slicks came from this airplane is if it made a water landing and sank completely intact. Not very likely.
You sound very smart, KJ! If only you were in charge of the search, it would all be wrapped up by now.
I agree. I'm wondering if the fuel was jettisoned from the craft, if possible due to an emergency and it crashed away from that area?
A plane disappears with hundreds of people and there is little evidence it was a terrorist attack? Until the plane comes up hijacked, we can assume it was attacked by terrorists or the Muslim pilots took it out.
This is nothing. Wait till they find the bodies. Its gonna be a circus! If the Malaysian authorities find them, then it will be in accordance with islam, their official religion. Islam maintains that the kafirs are filth, even more so the dead bodies. Their constitution states that the kafir are inferior than muslims, in writing! Let us all hope and pray that it'll be Americans who find them, or the Chinese, or the least, the Vietnamese. If not, watch for the circus!
No it's not that...thay would have hijacked a sahuttle then./...
There is a weapon capable of totally vaporizing just about anything using sound.If a terrorist group has access to such a device this could get ugly.
Is it possible that the plane did not crash at all but was hijacked and taken to an unknown location? There are no debris and the two fake passengers had tickets to Europe.
Be very hard to keep a 777 off radar. Even with the transponder disabled. It would still have a pretty big radar signature.
"Malaysia air probe finds scant evidence of attack: sources" & the world will likely never know the truth... In all likelihood the plane was shot down intentionally or mistaken identified & shot down by Russia, China, North Korea, or others...
Airplanes that are over 250 ft in length and weigh 775,000lbs don't just disappear into thin air. If it broke up at 35,000 ft, a debris field floating in the water would be huge. Maybe the plain was highjacked, dropped altitude to below radar, dumped a bunch of fuel and then was flown to a deserted air strip less then an hour away (built for B-52 Bombers) in either Vietnam or Cambodia? A lot more plausible then just disappearing into thin air. Or maybe aliens from space just came and took it.
but what about people with cell phones??? is it realistic to expect that NO ONE would have sent an email, updated their FB, made a phone call, if there were any trouble?
What about the oil that was spotted? What if the plane all of a sudden nose-dived? It would be in the bottom of the ocean? And people would not have had a chance to make a phone call or do anything.
Hopefully it is hijacked, but the oil spill bothers me and also you would think someone would've communicated in some way for help while the plane was en route to its destination had it been hijacked.
Even in a hijacking, somebody would get a text message off. If only a few people are attempting to control 227 people, it would take a while to do that. By then the pilot would have had time to make contact. It also seems if they landed somewhere they weren't supposed to, somebody could have gotten a message out. I'm going with solar flares - that interrupted communications and started a fire that caused it to disintegrate. Minuscule pieces - nothing to be found.
''No distress signal was sent from the lost plane, which experts said suggested a sudden catastrophic failure or explosion, but Malaysia's air force chief said radar tracking showed it may have turned back from its scheduled route before it disappeared.'' Either scrambled or fried computer.
Either they are stupid or they are hiding something. If you say the plane disintegrated then where is the evidence? This was reported in 1985 about the Indian 747 that was destroyed at 30k feet by a bomb." the cargo ship Laurentian Forest discovered the wreckage of the aircraft and many bodies floating in the water. India's civil aviation minister announced the possibility that the plane had been destroyed by a bomb, and the cause was probably some sort of explosion. Previous 747s had been damaged or destroyed on the ground, but this was the first jumbo jet downed by sabotage."
Because it disappeared abruptly from the radars, no big echo losing height quickly. Which could indicate that the plane disintegrated into pieces too small to make an echo.
but then the US surveillance satellites would have seen the explosion. And there'd be debris all over the ocean. This plane plunged vertically down....and fast. And went under intact.
Never underestimate the evil of #$%$ Cheney.
Really Liz, this is not about Cheney.
Curious - same thing happened with the Rio-Paris flight.
Yes, similar...but we didn't have satellites watching the airspace mid-Atlantic.
Curious, and what makes you so sure there weren't satellites watching airspace mid-Atlantic? Do you really think no one watches the Atlantic?????
OK, let me rephrase. The satellites we have all over the far east did not show any bomb blast. The Rio-Paris flight crashed from icing...but the conditions were different for this flight, and there was not meteorological reason for icing. So 'the same thing' that you are saying happened isn't really the same thing.
There have been too many contridictions about this planes disappearance and it makes one wonder if it was some negligent act where there is a cover up; or it has been hijacked and they know more than they are letting on, as they are negotiating with the hijackers, and don't want the media involved. Media needs to bribe someone on the inside to get the real facts.
From the press conference with Azharuddin Abdul Rahman - Director General of DCA, and Jauhari Yahya - MAS CEO, we've all learned a few things... - Average primary school kids in Malaysia deliver better English than Azharuddin. - Average Airlines Officers can deliver more information than the quietly-sitting-there Jauhari. He's there only because he's afraid of his boss. - Its a shameful thing to have Malaysia Aviation Authority to be lead by people like Azharuddin. A waste of taxpayer money. International reporters got no useful information at all from their news cons. - As for the MAS CEO, how he got up there is similar to the stuttering guy, Azharuddin, sitting next to him.
There are persistent rumors that magician David Copperfield was on that flight.
As a frequent flier one just cannot think about this too much. It will make you crazy if you do. Statistically flying is safer than driving. I have no doubt of that. However, if something does go horribly wrong, especially at 30,000 feet, you've got little chance of surviving. I've flown Malaysian Airlines 3 or 4 times in the past 5 years for business trips to India so this hits a little bit close to home. Very scary and anxiety provoking. A terrible tragedy for all of the people and families involved. They all have my deepest sympathies.
You actually have NO CHANCE of surviving! In fact, you'll freeze to death before hitting the ground!
Flying is not safer. If car accidents where like airplane accidents then we would have a whole lot more highway deaths, because everyone would die in car accidents.
"We had a short-timer once. Johnny I-forget-his-name. He wore a flak jacket, two helmets and armor underwear. Ashau Valley... your time's up, your time's up"...Hamburger Hill
Statistically yes...miles traveled, number of passengers etc. I still feel safer in my car. I can control to some extent what is happening in a car accident. In the air, I'm helpless. My sympathies also for the families.
Nope. An ad slogan from the 'coffee or me' era. No basis in fact. Great example of the Big Lie working though. When my car breaks down, I don't drop 40,000 feet. Buses are 4 billion times safer than flying. Hot water freezes faster than cold water. LOL
Ken, what you have realized is that statistics do NOT apply to individuals. Every decision affects your odds.
I agree, but unfortunately incidents like this is what makes people afraid of flying.
Look, every year like over 30,000 people die from motor vehicle accidents worldwide, while deaths from air accidents can range from 0 to 500 each year, depending if there are even accidents. Of course events like 9/11 occur rarely. To me, if you happen die from an airline accident, then you my friend just have terrible luck.
Me, too John. And will soon fly again. I think best thing to do is not take a day for granted. Trying to keep that ever-present in my mind. Praying those affected by this tragic even will soon have answers, closure and peace.
I really do not mean to be mean, but everybody that just disagreed with john about flying not being safer than driving, you clearly are not very educated. it is true that FLYING IS SAFER THAN DRIVING, its just the survival risk that is smaller when youre in the air. please, john knows what he is saying
Bless you if you have to fly a lot as one of my family does, too. It makes me crazy on their behalf...from the drop off at the terminal with so much time wasted on the early arrivals to the scanners/opt outs, sickos patting them down to the whole on board experience. It stinks--thank heaven for skype and webex and go to meeting online or they would be still be gone even more.
Not the same Terri as other thread posters, just saying...
This is what terrorist's die for, to scare us and throw doubt and confusion into our lives. If this was planned properly then the bomb or a device may have been placed on the plane. If they were lax on the passports what else could they have missed?
There is no question that flying is safer than driving - far, far safer - so much so as to be no contest. It's like everything else in the world - if it were common, it wouldn't be news - that's why car accidents never make it past the local news - they happen all the time. Commercial airliner crash? Rare occurrence.
Hey | (• ◡•)| (❍ᴥ❍Ʋ), Didn't James Bond use a pillow case for a parachute.
Been on MAS about 60-70% my trips ( approx 45-50 or so) from and to and within Malaysia since I was 4 and I am almost 50. Survived little drops ( a few 100 to a few 1000 feet drops) , massive turbulences and some hard landings. Still alive and am confident this is an isolated accident- deliberate or otherwise. Will fly MAS again.
the most dangerous part of your flight is the drive to the airport....50,000 people/year die on us roads...look up the numbers
There are more cars on the road at any given second than there are planes in there are throughout a whole day....of course statistically driving is safer, its logical
I am traveling to Australia from Vietnam later this year and will still consider flying MAS. I am with you Kayakmama, as I do feel this is a very horrible but isolated accident. My heart goes out to all the missing people and the families who will have no closure until they are given an answer. Very sad and tragic!
This is a very sad tragedy and the fact of not yet knowing what happened to the people's loved one has GOT to be sickening for the loved ones who were waiting on the ground. My love, thoughts and prayers are with all of the families! This is so strange unless someone had a bomb on board and the plane caught fire and completely burned up everything while the plane was at it's 35,000 feet flying altitudes. I pray these who have lost loved ones some how find strength and courage to continue on. God Bless everyone involved including all the search people.
Gee whizz frequent flyer john than you for that amazing lesson about the fact that you are a frequent flyer. Next time comment on the story o,k.
Oh, "everybody knows" flying is safer? Total nonsense. Won't even pass the logic test, if you're capable of thinking. If you can't understand statistics, why are you trying to use them? Flying is not an either/or risk. It is an ADDITIONAL RISK to the risk of driving. Sorry, you have to be brain damaged to think it is safer. My source for the math? The ntsb analysis. FOUR BILLION TIMES SAFER TO TAKE THE BUS. Don't drive drunk? Don't drive on bad tires, bad roads? Your personal safety just changed. Don't fly on poorly maintained planes? Don't fly in icing, or stormy weather? Don't fly into dangerous airports? Your odds just changed.
I don't like flying because of the TSA circus. Why don't we just waste all of the murdering sand monkeys? Semper Fi.
"It may have disintegrated in mid air" And not left a trace? That is an unlikely desperate conclusion!
I hope they do find out what really happened. I am sure that there are friends and family who are so scared and upset, especially having no idea where the plane is.
Cdizzle, no, it is NOT logical - travel mortality statistics are arrived at based upon deaths per 100,000,000 miles traveled per individual. Air travel by that metric is the safest mode, period.
Investigate Mr Ali. He books flights for individuals using stolen passports and pays cash.
An Iranian named Mr. Ali? Didn't Obama just last month say how we should give Iran a chance and no new sanctions? The hits just keep coming for you dude.
We are broke but anyone that tries to reveal this fact is called a hater and a racist
This is indeed tragic, and speculations should be kept out of this because at this time no one knows what happened. If Muslims are to blame, then, this bodes very bad for the religion of Islam, for it will clearly be apparent to the world that Islam is not a religion, but a terrorist organization. Then, too, the world will not bow to any religion out of fear, for it simply goes against human nature. To kill to get one to convert is most sinister.
No evidence is not a little evidence. Speculation is not evidence at all. This is the press masturbating a mystery in a desperate ploy to appear relevant.
If the Malaysians are looking for the plane off the west coast of Malaysia up towards Sumatra, then they're not telling the public everything they know already.
Maybe mechanical problems. Pilot was aware but did not call it in perhaps he did not think it was serious but decided to turn back. Then suddenly catastrophic breakup maybe engine explosion, before he could radio.
Jets and people don't just disappear like they did in the movie Millennium where time travelers from the future cross time, save the people on doomed planes and replace them with burned replica bodies. Something major happened to this plane that prevented them from making even a squeak for a mayday call and someone, somewhere likely knows about it.
Little evidence? Try NO evidence. There is absolutely nothing at all to go on. The plane virtually disappeared .
This is very sad; prayers go to the families of those people. I am just a simple person with no knowledge of how airplanes and the air industry works, but: 1. I think there is a lot of info that is not released to the world. Either the governments involved are less than ready to deal with this situation but they won't admit it; or they have info about certain omission/negligence and, again, they won't admit it, or, they have some sort of info that would work against them and again, they don't make it public. If intense searches/research has been conducted, it is doubtful that NO CLUES have been found yet. 2. What is the possibility of the plane being hijacked and rerouted to some remote location, where it landed already? As someone said, is it possible for a pilot to turn off the radar/locator devices and then surf the air without being traced? That would explain why so far there have been no traces found. 3. Until they find debris that is definitely connected to the plane, there is always that stupid, irrational, torturing hope that maybe everyone or someone on the plane is still alive, somewhere
There is NO possibility of the plane not showing up on radar while it is flying. The world's militaries go to great effort and very, very great expense developing stealth aircraft, so it is not as if a simple civilian airliner can just flip a few switches and disappear from radar...
your prayers are as worthless as all these comments.........
also, i apologize for stereotyping, but officials in that part of the world can be VERY corrupt (more than here due to fewer checks/balances). How do we know that everyone involved in the "search" is really doing their best and is not covering up something/someone? What do governments do when they screw up? They try to cover it up, pretend to cooperate and prefer ambiguity/mystery. Possibly, we'll never find out what happened and, after "numerous searches" the public will forget about this incident. Unless a third party with no interests in hiding anything will really insist on conducting further investigations.
- #$%$ and conspiracy theories - - it is easy to criticize the authorities and experts - - but there are 7 billion people on the planet - - if you took the authorities and experts away and replaced them with the other 6 . 8 billion those people would NOT be working on this as fast and the authorities - - the 6.8 billion lay man would be in nervous shock CATATONIC - - unable to think - this is just same pile different stuff - - just like any other world crisis - - all heck broke loose - - they got a ten billion piece cross word puzzle and one million pieces are missing - - no conspiracy just ONE BIG MESS
You know, that ocean is really big out there. They are looking; just extreme hard to find.
They have not found those 5 Navy Avenger planes and it has been 69 years!
I may have spoke too soon. They found some Avengers but the engine S/N's didn't match. I think you may have been right after all. My apologies.
Just watched an old black and white sci-fi from 1950's.. the flight that never returned. Seems some angels took it out because it had a Nuke scientist on board. But, at last minute it got sent back to New York, its destination, just two days late!
The inescapable conclusion is that Flight 370 simply vanished in some way that we do not yet understand. This is what is currently giving rise to all sorts of bizarre-sounding theories across the 'net, including discussions of possible secret military weapons tests, Bermuda Triangle-like ripples in the fabric of spacetime, and even conjecture that non-terrestrial (alien) technology may have teleported the plane away. Personally, I'm not buying any of that without a lot more evidence. The most likely explanation so far is that the debris simply hasn't been found yet because it fell over an area which is somehow outside the search zone. But as each day goes by, even this explanation becomes harder and harder to swallow
I would have suggested it might have been hijacked and taken somewhere but since they know it turned around I think they would have known that. Do they get that info from radar or is there a tracking device on the plane that could be disabled?
Did you miss this part? "The United States extensively reviewed imagery taken by American spy satellites for evidence of a mid-air explosion, but saw none, a U.S. government source said. The source described U.S. satellite coverage of the region as thorough." Makes those 'net-nutters sound a little more sane, imho.
I wouldn't be surprised if they start finding remains of the aircraft further back towards the Malaysian peninsula. It may have even come down over land in a remote mountain valley and that's why no trace of it has been found yet. They should find something by Friday at the latest hopefully.
Recently, TSA reported that Al Qaeda might attempt to use a shoe bomb again on an airliner. This, I think, may be one scenario that might explain this disaster.
If it were a bomb of a normal nature there would have been debris in the water.
There still remains the possibility that the plane was hijacked, the hijackers turned off the transponders and comms eqp and dove the airline until it was underneath radar signals. The plane could then be flown at a low altitude to a remote airport. Angaur Island just south of Palau has a 7000 ft runway and has a population of only 200.
I find it highly unlikely that hijackers could have forced their way into the cockpit with such speed and efficiency that the pilots didn't have time to alert ATC of the situation. A more likely scenario is that a slow pressure loss led to the pilots and passengers losing consciousness. Hypoxia quickly renders a human incapable of even the simplest of tasks. The plane is then out of control and goes down somewhere. Probably actually crashed in the mountains in Thailand. It may take decades before anyone finds the remains.
You're traveling through another dimension, a dimension not only of sight and sound but of mind. A journey into a wondrous land whose boundaries are that of imagination. That's the signpost up ahead - your next stop, the Twilight Zone!
The US government has said it detected no 'explosion' over that area of the earth. I didn't realize our orbiting technology was that good but apparently it is and the US government isn't afraid to disclose that. That does not mean the plane did not have a bomb aboard only that it wasn't big enough to create a 'flash' visible from 100+ miles above. I also don't believe the 'broke up at 35,000 feet scenario. That would create a much larger debris field and radar would have seen it. So why is this theory still be presented as a possibility? Obviously the plane came down more or less intact and sank beneath the waves. That would suggest, to my laymans mind a controlled approach yet why not radio contact?
You just wasted 5 minuets of your life writing that useless novel of an opinion...
Yeah and the Koch Brothers did it anyway.
We can tell the instant any object larger than 5' leaves a relatively low deck, in some regions as low as 500', which a minimum of 8-10,000' are needed to strike targets as close #$%$8 miles. I know, not relative to the story, but it is, it's the same tech that predicts the projectile's targets by it's angle, speed and altitude. If you launch a Hobby Lobby single stage rocket, it'll know. As long as it clears any high rises within 1 mile. It can detect the cone separation, chute deployment, and if a board operator amused himself by tracking it, he can tell you which part of which yard the cone/chute landed and distance from the main body. The world has already known for some time how quickly we can track objects and detect detonations, but got a real lesson in just how well the entire system works with N. Korea's failed missile test mid last year. We detected the launch, thru fluid mapping of it's speed/trajectory quickly knew it was in trouble, determined a rocket booster malfunction was responsible, determined which booster it was, plotted it's failure induced new location of impact and sent the info out as a non-emergency auto-update thru the ap wire...in real time...before it hit the ground...and before the N. started their confirmation protocol to ensure it was the missile and not control experiencing the problem. We knew about the lauch, the problem, diagnosed the problem, corrected the expected point of impact...all before the N. could confirm there even was a problem. The ability to detect the smallest explosion, is just a small part of that tech. It's the important part of that tech for this story, but a small part of the system that's so sensitive, it is able to track a flare from a gun, or 8th grade shop class single stage rocket, or a missile test, or.....
And Jacob just wasted 6 minutes of his time reading Hughes' response just so he could write his useless two cents worth of opinion about Hughes instead of an intelligent response to an article.
Who said I read it you stupid C(_)nt?
Anyone can speculate about what happened but until the Cockpit voice recorder is located it might as well have flown into another demension.
Many years ago I was on a flight from NYC to San Francisco, 4 hours into the flight the Captain came on the speaker and told all of us including the staff to fasten our seatbelts immediately. As soon as he said that we nose dived at 35,000 feet. We were going straight down. People were rolling down the aisles, the food carts and food were flying all over the place, hot coffee. Everything fell out of the overheads. It was the most unbelievable thing that ever happened to me. My heart goes out to the people on that flight. We all do not know what happened but I know that we all feel it is not going to be a good ending. We were lucky we evened out after I do not know how many thousand feet. The Captain came back on the speaker and said drinks were on the house. Many of us were injured, one man had a heart attack. We never knew what had happened and why. We were lucky, my heart breaks for this flight.
drinks on the house? they could not have brought enough drinks to counteract that kind of terror.
Airline, flight number and date please. There will be a record of that. Oh wait. It didn't happen because you're a liar.
I remember reading about that and even seeing a film clip of inside the plane...WOW....that had to be terrifying.
That captain had a sense of humor but he probably was the one who stalled the plane..
Dead air shafts do exist, but I am sure there would be a record of this one. Many time when we fly, the plane rocks and rolls. Simple unstable air. Sometimes the plane will drop a few hundred feet. That would put you on the ceiling and the airline would be buying you more than drinks. It would be officially noted. Pilots are always on the look out for anything that disturbs the stability of the flight. You will notice Jets always keep a distance from a jet in front of it. This is due to the leading aircraft making what is called "jet wash". This can be a very dangerous thing to fly through and result is total loss of control. If Plane #2 goes into a "Flat Spin" it can be impossible to recover control.
Aliens got 'em. You know it's true.
Why does the media mess with our heads the way they do? 2 passports were stolen at 2 different locations over 2 years ago. Both stolen passports were on flight MH370. Both tickets were paid for in cash. KLIA security has experienced men with stolen passports and explosives attempting to get through security in the recent past. The pilot/crew was not in range of communications when the incident occurred. So our worlds security is unable do checks on stolen passports? Very reactive world.........Follow Israeli security procedures and the world will be more secure.
The pilot/crew was not in range of communications when the incident occurred. Interesting - satellite phone communications is pretty much world wide - just saying
Absolutely NOTHING in this case adds up, and that's what makes it all the more disturbing and heartbreaking. The door that was supposedly found floating in the sea this morning can no longer be located; the oil slicks discovered yesterday are no longer being associated with the aircraft; the airport suspects a security breach occurred; and, perhaps what is the most puzzling factor, the suspects with the two stolen passports purchased them TOGETHER, as confirmed by the consecutive numbers on their tickets. I also have a hard time understanding how, even with the aid and effort of so many countries and the availability of modern technology, not a single trace has been found of this flight. Regardless, my condolences to the victims and their families.
the only thing that doesn't add up is how dumb you are. commies and #$%$ involved = bomb
If there was an explosion in mid air there would have been a debris field floating tens or even hundreds of square miles. The only clue is the "oil" slick which is most likely jet fuel. Was it jettisoned before it crashed? If there was a violent crash in the sea there would still be debris floating around. My theory are .. 1. It made a soft landing into the sea. Therefore it remained intacted but sank into the ocean bottom. 2. It made a complete vertical nose dive into the sea. It may still remain intacted and sank to the bottom. 2. It actually crashed or landed on some nearby land (highly unlikely).
If it made a soft landing into the sea the pilot will make a distress call.
@Bryon The pilots might have been forced to land and not announce a distress call (especially if you have a knife against your neck). There is also the possibility of the pilot committing suicide (it has happened before).
Grammar police comment: You should say "My theory is", or better, "My theories are". Grammar, Spelling, You Deserve it! "Grammar Police" protecting people against ignorance since 1922.
Yeah, that plane transmits it's position constantly to stay on course and be tracked. There are procedures if there is a high jacking and it takes a lot of explosives to make a 400,000 pound plane fall apart. If the pilots nosed dived it, at 7 miles up and 500mph would only take about 50 seconds to hit the ground. But why would they nose dive it in the middle of the ocean?
@wolf359 Who gives a focking rats #$%$? I got my point across. Thats all I care about. This is not a freaking term paper where I get a freaking grade. You must be "fun" to be around to your coworkers.
@lord They might have turned off the transponder. It could have been suicide or a fight that ensued in the cockpit.
@Wolf359. He also used the non-word "intacted" - TWICE. Jimmy, the point you got across is that you are an idiot and we shouldn't care what you think.
@lil griz blah blah blah blah i'm smarter than you blah blah blah. Thats what you sound like. Instead of discussing about the missing plane you rather point out grammar flaws about someone. You must be a girl and its usually the cun+s that do that.
Electrical failure might occur upon the impact. We'd be panic if we're in the same situation. Blackout, panic, water pressure cause them hard to escape in time.
@wolf359 @lil griz There is a fire in your building and you're trapped. A stranger comes out of nowhere and says to you, "Window on right. Go. Go" Are you going to stand there arguing with him and correcting his grammar while the building is burning, "Your grammar is incorrect. You should say, 'There is a window to the right side. Please use the window to exit!'" You probably would you cun+.
Sorry, dude. I like how you used the "plus" sign for a "t".
@lil griz I bet ya you have NO FRIENDS.
@lil griz Oh so you're #$%$. That's even worse than a woman. So you're a ,"I think I'm smarter than you j3rkoff". Yep like said before .. you must be fun to be around. You ever wonder why people avoid you. d0uche
@lil griz I used the "+" so that you can see the word that's meant for you. You might be a dude but you're still a cun+ because you act one.
I was trying to make nice, cornh(ole)! It's past your bedtime.
@Jimmynyc,, we at the Grammar Police frown upon dirty language. If you wish to communicate in an inappropriate manner, that is your right, but just know that some of us have higher standards. P.S. Do you chew tobacco? Just curious?
THE COFFIN CORNER PROBLEM: One possibility not being publicly discussed is that a large jet airplane, flying at 35,000, is only slightly faster than it's stall speed, even though traveling at about Mach 0.8 to 0.85. If, for some reason, the plane slows down without quickly reducing altitude, it could slow into stall speed for that altitude. The effect is called the "coffin corner". See Google. Real Accident Case: A Japanese-flown 747 was flying about 35,000 feet, on fixed altitude auto pilot. The flight engineer called the pilot to look at one of the engine temperatures. They decided to lower power and see how the engine behaved. DUE TO REDUCED THRUST, THE AIRPLANE SLOWED DOWN WHILE HOLDING THE SAME ALTITUDE. THEN, THE 747 PROMPTLY DID AN ASYMMETRICAL WING-OVER STALL AT A SPEED NEAR MACH 0.8, AND HEADED STRAIGHT DOWN IN A SPIN! WITH ENORMOUS STRESSES ON THE STRUCTURE. The crew got it level again, pulling out into level flight below 10,000 feet, But, they had lost one engine, and most of the flaps. A miracle the plane did not come apart. The Japanese pilot afterward said: "I don' t know what happened, it just fell out of the sky!" That is why I don't fly with Japanese pilots, they are too much bus driver and not enough smart pilot. All this happened in seconds, and the crew did not have time to talk to anyone by radio. This could have been what happened to the Malaysian 777 - just takes sloppy piloting. Dr. J Burnett, Civil Air Patrol (retired)
And literally every passenger jet does that on a flight of significance, and regardless of airline the pilots are well trained in stall recovery. These planes don't find themselves in a "Maverick/Goose" situation.
There is no evidence I have 12 inches of pure black steel. #$%$ are these idiots talking about?
Welcome to the world of fake everything. In downtown LA you can buy DL, SSN or green card for $10 but the US government intend to give it for free.
Malaysian investigators can come up with any conclusion that suits them. The only thing that matters is what is the conclusion of the Chinese and how will they react.
Our prayers go out to the Families and friends that lost loved ones on that flight.. The 777-200 is a good plane, But if it is of someone blowing up that plane then once we find out what and who all need to be blown off the face of this earth. I know about every aircraft that I worked on had a elt! Thing is no mayda calls were made no explosions. If cockpit was breached I am sure that they would of made it know that they are going to down the plane so they will make it known. Groups are going to use this and say that we done it and guess what we did not even had too use explosives, something even better! We need some type of plastic passports that if it lost or stolen and someone tries to alter it it will deform or melt in a way that it can not be used and it has some type of dna that only that a special machine can only read it! Again my prayers go out to everyone who lost someone on this flight!
Wow, you lost me with that rant.
Evidence? What evidence? Have you looked at names on passenger list. Was anyone on plane that was important enough to take out. My cousin lost her boyfriend for being on plane with African president's wife: boom.
YOu cousing can gen another boyfriend. No big deal and her boyfriend I am sure had some on the high altitude good time with that African's president's wife.
Your cousing can get another boyfriend. No big deal and her boyfriend I am sure had some on the high altitude good time with that African's president's wife
If there was no attack, it was pilot error. This plane would not just blow up at that altitude.
they are just trying to keep people flying.. all likelihood it was an attack. They would have seen it on radar if it started loosing altitude.
I see what you're saying. If it was some kind of pilot error, it would have been losing altitude and it would be detected. So, pilot error could make it dive, but not explode instantaneously. That's a good argument for an attack. I suspect an attack, but normally some group claims responsibility.
yep the Bride..that would have been tracked on radar.. how we also already know it was not engine failure the plan would glide down loosing altitude, not just nope it's gone.
@JohnG: Now with the information that the plane headed west--well off course--without pilot signals really strengthens the idea that this was a hijacked plane. Hijacking is a form of terrorism that does not really aim for destruction, so quite possibly there was some kind of on-board confrontation or struggle that ended in tragedy.
It's possible they were boarded mid air by air pirates! Yeh that's right, similar to what the Somali's do to ships. They pulled along side the plane on their flying carpets & then climbed on the wing & pried open the door.
It takes sometime to find out the wreckage. The Air plane sank into the salt water; therefore, a submarine is necessary to look for it in the sea bed. After 9/11 , people started to blame on terrorist even if they farted. Mostly, I think mechanical problem caused the air plane to down.
It could have been forced to land in Cambodia for all I know. Maybe the people who did this knew how to disguise and disconnect beacons. A giant plane hidden..thats scary, and suggest they will use it to crash into something.
You watch too many action movies. Real life is not Con Air.
I think its time they back track the flights path and start a land search, if they haven't already. Reply
So why is it that passengers cannot travel with enough water to keep a goldfish alive or enough shampoo, deodorant or toothpaste to last for the trip and have everything including your own body ex-rayed, but now no-one is checking to make sure that our passports are presented by the right person--with a photo ID?!? What good is it to have all these travel restrictions to prevent people from traveling with weapons and bombs if they are not checking the passports?
All this security after 911 is all there to make you think you are safe.
That is to protect Americans. These passengers were mostly Chinese, and their lives are generally less valuable so security isn't as tight around their flights.
If they really wanted to keep us safe, they would follow the Israeli's proven record and PROFILE. Profile, Profile, Profile. Stop groping my 8 year old son and my grandma and go after the terrorist.
Because this is Malaysia, not the US. Airport security is much more lax on flights unconnected to the US
amen Jeremy....that and they should take a hint from Interpol and conduct themselves accordingly where a matching photo ID and passport back one another up....Then theres no excuse for anything falling thru the cracks.....I can just imagine what these two individuals must be thinking ....gee had our passports not been stolen , this may not have ever happened......
They did check the passports however the officials could not see tell the difference between Italian and Austrian faces compared but with that of Asian descent.
Each sovereign nation gets to choose how well they enforce immigration & travel rules. Yes, in the US we choose to check passports & go nuts with security. Not all countries have had terrorist attacks on par with 9/11 to make them vigilant. When I was in the UK & Italy in 2012, everyone's passports were checked & we were asked what we were doing there. At London Heathrow, there were 2 lines - 1 for EU countries & 1 for the US. My husband & I had older passports that did not have security scanning doodads (likely computer chips?) in them, but my kids' did (children have to renew more often than adults & their passports were brand new) so they were able to scan them to check whether the passports were legit. LHR also allowed us to keep our shoes on, which my husband was thrilled about.
if i only had a brain!
because other countries are lax in their enforcement. comunist countries where people dont take their jobs seriously
It is not politically correct to ask for photo ID. Photo ID requirements only disenfranchise the less fortunate.
Actually, the TSA's work really should be admired. Think of the millions of flights that have come and gone since 9/11 and the total absence of catastrophes. Do I care if your grandma and son are being groped (if you can even call it that)? If it means that terrorists won't hijack planes, then no, I do not care.
This airport was in Malaysia...not the US. Sparks82, If it hadn't been those 2 passports, they would have used 2 others. Myers, there are certain people that are very astute in changing the picture on any kind of IDs. The issue is the names that were on the passports.
I spent 15 years checking in international passengers for a major airline at a major airport. All intl. agents are well trained and focus on the. Documents presented. But, I'm no IBM machine. If the man in the picture looks like the man standing in front of me, I'm good. It's a rookie mistake to make assumptions about race based on a name. And yes, Asian Guiedos do check in from time to time. The airlines have a vested interested in checking travel docs. If pax is denied entry, the airline gets to fly them back at the airlines expense! It happens all the time. Of course, nations can devise a tamper proof passport, but it most certainly would involve an embedded microchip. Who wants that? (Wait, our cat doesn't seem to mind.)
i just travel international, coming back from ISTANBUL TO CHICAGO they check passport few times, but how deep they look at, its questionable, few airport immigration emplyee seems just spending 8 hours....both country. State and Turkey.
cause governments only make rules that are easy and cheap for them to do .. anything that makes it harder or more expensive for them gets junked or has to be done by the public
Timothy, why is one race of humankind more valuable than another? Who makes that judgment?
@tobesogreateful - what are u going to do with a stolen passport, give everyone on board a paper cut? im very pleased to know there are no weapons and explosives in planes. could care less if someone is there with a fake/stolen passport as long as they behave. if u r thinking terrorist, its unlikely they have stolen passports as the 911 attackers and boston bombers ALL had valid passports. why risk getting stopped for a fake/stolen passport when u r trying to get on board for an "attack"? n even if a "terrorist"/hijacker got on a plane. he/she would not have a weapon or explosives with the security measures there are in place. so unless a couple of guys can take out 200+ people on a plane by hand, its hard for them to execute the "attack" i would be more afraid of drones
These passports were stolen 2 years ago. These 2 passport could be just a few out of many that were proven would have a green light to enter the airplane after being tasted over 2 years period. Otherwise it just doesn't make any sense for anyone without a certain goal to use 2 years old stolen passports.
That's right all this restrictions ..... then passengers travelling with stolen passport and NOT checking them shame on all this kind of so called security check ........................... nasty.....
My picture is part of my passport and security never asks me for anything else. Guess the picture must look like me ! They pack all too many people into a plane these days.
@Fred, what do you mean "my picture is part of my passport" what picture ? every passport has a picture
My guess is that the photos were doctored to make them look like the user, no way they could have used them otherwise...
i don't believe people travelling with fake passports only happens in malaysia. it must be happening everywhere else too. just that they got discovered because of the missing plane. so stop blaming security. in hollywood movies, fake passports are produced everyday and they got thru security. well, if it can somewhat reflect real life.
the illusion of safety is more important
Jeremy is correct. Profiling is the most effective means of preventing terrorist attacks, along with many other crimes. It's a simple equation, look at the types of suspects that are committing certain categories of crimes, and you will have success. Will you stop some innocent people, yes, but that's just the way it is. If you Libs don't like it, too bad. it just might save your life, or already has, and you just don't know it.
Hey common sense, guess how many terrorist attacks the TSA has prevented, I'll give you a hint, it's less then ONE.
Both passports from Italy and Austria need visa to get into China, and stolen passports definitely can not get visa from China. So apparently the purpose of the two people who held the stolen passports were just trying to board onto this plane, they didn't have any destination! You know what they were going to do. So if the security took one more look at the visa page of the passports, these two guys definitely had no chance to get onto the flight.
@Liqiang - you are mistaken. It was released that both passengers were continuing on after China, so they needed no visa to get in the country. It is only if you are staying there, not if you are catching another flight, that a visa is required. Perhaps they did not need a visa for their final destination depending on their citizenship, but that circumvents China in any case. Keep in mind, passports are only scanned upon ENTRY to a country. Security, even here, will only check that your face matches the picture on the passport, and the name matches the ticket issued. As it is now, the arrival country makes the determination of who enters, instead of the origin country determining who leaves.
Seems strange, the Flight-Aware Tracking shows two planes traveling south. They were about 50 and 100 miles away from this plane. It was about 1:30 in the morning, their time when it disappeared. Surely if it exploded in flight, something would have been seen by the pilots of those two planes.
This is so strange and so sad. I feel for the people that have to sit and wait to find out what happened to their loved ones. That must be horrible. I really hope that they find it soon to put those people's minds at rest. I also wonder how they can say it disintegrated when they have no proof? That's a good way to spread panic and confusion. Not that panic wasn't already in the equation, but you know, it doesn't help. Something will have to turn up eventually, a plane that size can't just disappear without a trace.....so strange......
I agree. I am sure they will find some wreckage soon. We still may not know for awhile what really happened though as they seem to take forever to get things like this done for some reason. If we can send space probes to other planets then I just wonder why they don't seem to care about solving these things more quickly. My guess is that they don't care enough about us to spend the time on these types of matters. If I sound disgusted then it might be because I am. These poor people that have missing loved ones deserve answers in a timely manner. We can do better . I know the ocean is big but this plane should have a transmitter to locate it and if it doesn't have a transmitter that would send signals-then why not? They send signals from outer space-why not from under the ocean? Anyone out there with a decent excuse?
Di, it isn't as easy as all that.
2 plus decades in airline operations. Unfortunately it isn't so simple. Although, you certainly would think with all those satellites floating around in space one of them would've caught some type of image...
Oom, while it may not be as easy as all that, it would be nice if the aviation industry and our governments at least made a stab at improving safety and tracking these airliners.
Well, if the plane didn't fall down, then it had to fly up into the empty space without earth's gravity and got lost without any trace (sarcastic), I do not understand this investigation ...so sad....
if they are smart, they keep any findings to their selves until all the facts are in especially finding that black box, which then they would say what they know. Sometimes the media does give false info when all the facts are missing yet
Possible explanation to Di - "If we can send space probes to other planets then I just wonder why they don't seem to care about solving these things more quickly." First of all, we - are "they." Secondly, mankind's progress and innovation often come in chaotic spurts.
wel they can't find proof if it was disitegrated in the first place
As of now, there is little evidence of ANYTHING.
Interesting to read that the plane had possibly attempted a turn back. A good pilot and crew know that when there are TERRORISTS (or a catastrophic mechanical failure threat), never, never, never head that pending disaster over a huge, densely populated city such as Beijing.... Guessing that we have those special people on the ground who are suddenly alerted that a rather sizable aircraft is carrying terrorist and explosives; about to crash over Beijing so bring that plane down in a much more remote area. Hard to say what those special people can do and just who and where they are. One thing is very certain; this "mystery disintegration theory" just has to add more misery and pain for the family and friends of the deceased.
If your theory is true, why the radio silence?
How about the impact with a meteor ?
No one had enough time to react in the manner you suggest.
I do not think that there were any contacts. Plane just disappeared with no notification from pilots.
My sincere condolences to the family and friends of those missing on this flight. A few years ago my wife and I flew this leg with Malaysian. My main question is why do we go through all this security and wait in all those queues having a bottle of Coke and nail clippers confiscated if airlines and customs fail to check the validity of a passenger’s passport? This like really basic stuff security 101 and we are told that almost nobody check with Interpol. This is a massive security problem.
@Kevin, you offer your condolences to the families in the first sentence and yet are arguing about TSA security checks in the second sentence.
Kevin your very right this is what is call SECURITY THAT FAILED, Passport? I say BOMB.
Kevin your very right this is what is call SECURITY THAT FAILED, Passport? I say BOMB.
Because their Version of Democrats are in Charge there
Please with the politics America 1st. These are people's lives, family we are talking about and you're bringing up politics?? How distasteful can someone possibly get?
Isn't Malaysia predominately Muslim and if so there is your answer.
I agree, I was in Southeast Asia in December and had my nail clippers taken away as well as some scissors that weren't more than 3 inches long. If they don't even bother to make sure the passports are valid, why go to the trouble of security check points?
Cheesy post. Who are you to give your personal condolences to the families and this and that? They cant see your comments.
As you may know lots of Western and American parents adopted Asian kids and then changed their names to suit the country they are living in. So what if those immigration officers thought they were being adopted? asked them questions and found they spoke a good language of Italian or Austrian? The fault rely on the Italian and Austrian Interpol, the cost to send those 2 missing passports details to all the countries in this world would cost them a lot, ask them, did they send missing passports details to other countries? To all countries or only to certain countries? Do not blame a Muslim country for this disaster. Anyway, they bought their tickets in Thailand, NOT in Malaysia. They originally departed from Thailand, not in Malaysia, may be they are only transit in Malaysia. Why some people are too DISTORTED to connect this sad disaster to Islam and Muslim country? I went to Nepal, China, India, Thailand, etc so many time, sometimes I forgotten to follow the airlines rules to keep all liquids in sealed plastic bags, I had expensive perfumes being confiscated, hair tonics being threw away, shampoo being threw in the bin, mouth gargles being tossed away, expensive nail nipper being taken away and a scissors, I can only look on with regrets.
There are a number of Chinese calligrapher on that plane, one of them is the top, Calligraphers often wrote something to criticise their government ... and China top officials are not happy with them ..
@Jacob I am a very frequent traveler and am not complaining but pointing that there is so much attention to nail clippers and bottles of water but they do not check on the big basic stuff like who is actually travelling and if they have a valid passport. Then we hear only a handful of countries actually check. This is not acceptable.
Strange Szit happens, like the private pilot from Australia that was taken by a UFO and his plane was never found.
For those of you who don't really understand why it's not quite alright for an Asian-looking man to be traveling with a European-named passport, an example may make it clear. Imagine, an Englishman with Caucasian features traveling with a black African-named or a Chinese-named passport. If you were a member of the border police anywhere else in the world, would you not be curious about this traveler? I would, and I would ask a few more questions just to satisfy myself. I can understand why people make all sorts of unfavorable comments - Asians adopted by European parents, intermarriages etc etc . There is nothing wrong with that BUT likewise, there is nothing wrong with asking additional questions to satisfy oneself of the bona fide situation lest one be sorry later - as in this case. There is nothing racial nor prejudicial about this - just the need to ascertain that it is a bona fide - a non-fraudalent situation. In this sad case of MH370, it seems that the officers concerned just did not ascertain that they were bona fide travelers. Very unfortunate.
Space aliens had emergency need for about 200 humans but guessed wrong and only got a few humans in the plane and that whole passel of Red Chinese.
Have to start with last radar tracks, the last reporting points made by the crew, next expected position report and time. I have flown many airplanes across the world's oceans. There is a set of over water rules all aircraft have to follow. If the aircraft was veered off course by terrorist, then it makes it a different problem for anyone doing the search. A lot of ocean is out of radar contact, unless a military ship or aircraft is out there monitoring for any incursions. This may be a tough one. If the airplane had a deadly emergency, such as a de-compression, or on board fire, course could have gone any of the points of the compass. Condolences for the families and friends of the passengers and crew.
Seaknight..as a pilot, .is it possible that the plane might have been hijacked and then flown at an altitude under radar? Or does radar pick up at any altitude...
no...the plane couldnt fly under radar...im a pilot...
@Todd....it does give a signal. It pings every second and has a battery life of 30 days.
How much depth of water would prevent reception of black box ping? I find it hard to understand how the plane simply went missing, even to U.S. surveillance. One would think it were intentional.
To Dreamjumper; It depends on the countries. A few only have radar around the main airline/airport hubs. Once the aircraft clears that airspace, it reports by radio its current position, next position, and ETA for the following waypoints. If there is no radar, a military ship or aircraft that is a EC type airplane could pick the the airliner. If nothing is available, yes, the aircraft can be turned off course, crashed, or landed at a off strip. A lot of possible endings. Hope my answer helps. I have been flying since I was a teen. Now 65 y.o Have delivered many aircraft world wide, everything from a Lear to a King Air and such.
How can anyone say anything official, without finding and hopefully studying the aircraft?
Only scant evidence of an airplane as well. Who are they trying to kid?
There are no words, no words. I CANNOT even fathom what the friends and families of these people these passengers that no one can find are going through. My heart truly weeps for them...I pray they find the plane--something, anything. At this point we know the reality but to not have your loved ones remains returned to you is gut wrenching. What a loss, what a painful and difficult situation this is for so many including the airline company/employees, the officials who speak at the press release, the searchers/recovery specialist, the divers. There are so many human beings that are affected. Tragedy always invariably has a massive rippling effect. My heart truly goes out to each and everyone involved this disaster and they find strength in their grieving.
Reminds me of the Twilight Zone - "The Odyssey of Flight 33" is an episode of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone. An unlikely break of the time barrier finds a commercial airliner sent back into the prehistoric age and then to New York City of 1939. The episode takes place on Global Airlines Flight 33, en route from London to New York City. About 50 minutes from Idlewild Airport (now called JFK), Captain Farver and his crew notice that their Boeing 707 is drastically increasing speed, repeatedly crossing some kind of barrier. With much of their equipment malfunctioning, including radio communications, they eventually realize they have been thrown back in time when they see no signs of civilization but spot a grazing Sauropod Dinosaur. They increase altitude in an attempt to cross the barrier again and to return to 1961, but arrive above the 1939 New York World's Fair instead. Realizing that they can't land all the passengers in 1939 at LaGuardia Airport, and low on fuel, the captain decides to keep trying to return "home" to 1961. "All I ask is that you remain calm", he informs the passengers over the P.A. system, "...and pray". This is one of the few episodes using an ending with neither a twist nor a resolution.
More likely it was the US and Saudi backed terrorist group, Al Qaeda wreaking more havoc. It is a tragedy that the United States is funding terrorism. Take a look at what they are doing in Syria.
Why "more likely," since there are a couple dozen better-fitting scenarios?
Yeah I remember that episode. They should have got out in 1939. Close enough. Plus they could've made a ton in the stock market and possibly prevented WW2. They should have had them see the future. Good idea but they didn't explore it as far as they could have. Great show. It's amazing that a lot of young people today never heard of it.
@ Bill DO YOU GET PAID WELL Bill? ???
And you gotta wonder, The area where the plane was lost is on the diametrically opposite side of the globe from the Bermuda Triangle.
I'm pretty sure the US is behind this to exert their waning influence in the east. They can override and bring down any Boeing plane remotely.
Bermuda Triangle? Oh good grief. I thought there weren't any of you left.
Yes, bringing down an airliner exerts influence. How exactly is that?
My theory is that the plane did not crash.....if it would have crashed, whether a straight plung into the ocean or exploding in mid-air, some sort of debris would have been found by now...some sort of indicator would point to that. With the military radar showing the plane possibly changed courses I suspect it was hi jacked and possible flown to an unknown location, not sure how they could keep it un-detected to radar but a crash just doesn't seem likely to me.
First, turn the transponder off. Now the plane is not reporting its altitude back to the radar. Second high speed dive to get below radar. Do it fast enough and the plane seems to just disappear from radar.
Buzz, you might be right, but so far no demands have been made either. You would think a hijacking there would have been some kind of demands made by now. They've got a plane and passengers, what do they have to show other than that??? With all the satellite technology that is available which can really zoom in, I just find it hard to believe they could hide a full-sized jet airliner for too long.
what airline owners need to do is put more than one transponder on the plane, somewhere deep within it, tell no one, and then this would not have happened.
Probably not. Every single person on that flight probably had a cell phone. Someone would have been able to get out at least one call by now if it had been hijacked.
not realistic scenario. the plane would have run out of fuel , plus like someone else said, cell phones when it lands. plus where would they land a jumbo jet and not have anyone notice?
They might not have had a signal. It does seem strange that nothing has been found. Even portions of bodies were recovered from the Columbia.
For those who question why not cell phone calls were made - keep in mind the short range a cell phone has without the use of a repeater. There could not have been direct cell phone to land cell tower communication. If this is a case of a hijacking, and electronics were disabled, so would the cell phone repeater system on the aircraft.
And also the plane was flying for another 6 hours which is way more than enough time to forcibly take everyone's cell phone, I doubt they would just straight up crash the plane into the ocean. What do they get out of that. 2 terrorists dead, a perfectly fine 777 airliner being destroyed to kill 239 people, not likely when they can easily land the plane in some random run way in the deserts of Pakistan with a hanger already waiting that is big enough to hold the plane, a free 239 hostages which is more hostages than Al-Qaeda has ever had. refuel the plane, and then fly it into the brand new world trade center that was just built, or the pentagon, or even the white house.
Common sense - if a plane disintegrated at 35000 feet, then there should be some floating debris and NO slicks. If the slicks are related (awaiting test results), then disintegration did not happen. If databases are available to chack for stolen documents, then why aren't all countries using these databases daily (assuming they can search quickly since millions of people fly each day, you require an easily accessible database with very quick search abilities). With all the various reports, at this time the authorities have no clue to what happened. With 8 hours of fuel on board, the plane could be thousands of miles from last report if a major mechanical failure occurred. Our thoughts and prayers to all the families involved.
How do you figure "no slicks" if oil / fuel was sprayed out above the ocean?
There is a system for searching that database, but it was designed and created by the same people who built the Obamacare system .... so it doesn't work very well.
D.--Reading comprehension: Common sense - "IF a plane disintegrated at 35000 feet, then there should be some floating debris and NO slicks." Keyword is "If."
No well defined slicks as jet fuel is volatile and would dissipate rapidly and be spread over very, very large distances. Oil slicks generally have a point source and grow large as the currents take over from that point source which creates a long constrained slick. If disintegrating at 35000 feet, there is small chance of a point source and a well defined slick.
If you think that passengers are checked in for international travel, without checking against the "no fly" list, then you are just misinformed. Ask the people who have the same name as a listed person as a coincidence. It doesn't matter what country if your name is on the list, you don't board!
It's kind of odd that there's an oil slick and no debris. Seems as though if the oil slick is from the airplane, then the debris, or at least a little of it, would there with it, the debris that would float anyway. 30,000 feet up is well over 6 miles. Assuming the plane broke up that far up, the debris would be scattered over quite a big section of ocean, maybe hundreds of miles, so it seems the fuel would be too. No group has claimed responsibility for any bombing, at least none that's been made public yet. The Government says that satellite coverage of that area is pretty thorough ( I find that kind of interesting) and no explosions were documented. I wonder if we'll ever know.
@Douglass...Yea, at least some of those "cushion floatation devises" should be floating somewhere.
See what is china's next move and you will see its motives.
It's almost as if it just kept climbing and climbing util it reached into space and is currently orbiting the earth! How can it just disappear out of the sky with no trace. ALIENS?
no. broke apart in the air, and hit the ocean.
Really. So where is the debris? shouldn't it be floating in the ocean. Not everything sinks to the bottom of the ocean you know.
All this story reminds me on the Air France flight that took off from Rio in 2009 and went down after 4 hrs of flight. The search teams were going crazy as there was no trail of the airplane for the first few days, then slowy the debris started floating....the only difference is air france sent a distress signal and the malaysian flight did not, apparently because it all hapened too quickly....this is so weird and sad. I feel sorry for the families....
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 China released a passenger list, there is a phonetic ZHAO QI WEI name, passport ID number is G25634718, but the holder of passport number is the 37-year-old, who lives in Fuqing, Fujian, name is Yu, male Yesterday he demonstrated his passport in Fuqing, said passports since 2007, it has not been used and lost, he has been locked in strongbox at home. It is understood that although the surname Yu and published by the passenger are born in 1977, but does not match the date of birth month.
Hackers could invade China Immigration Department obtain a copy passport information.
The Koch Brothers stole my passport and tried to screw my dog.
Remind me NEVER to fly Malaysia Airlines....this is insane!
the passport deal may or may not be pertinent but how would the passport thief know he could get away with his scam? if this is so commonplace that people are willing to risk using a stolen passport then theoretically they could leave a Malaysian airport and go anywhere! this is a big deal. In these third world countries I think somebody may be looking the other way either for financial gain or worse. I hope and even pray that the passports aren't connected to the disaster but this problem must be fixed. Just how often is this happening? where else is it occurring? I have never taken an international plane flight and I now know, I never will.
Malaysia is definitely not a third-world country.
One report said these 2 Asian looking guys were harassing the border officials, maybe this was to distract the officials so they could board. Are they some type of martyr?
@dennis, you bring up a good point. Obviously stolen passports are commonly used in malaysia, and for whatever reason, it works. I hope it wasnt terror related.
sorry about the third world comment-I know that they are a powerful nation with a large gdp. however their airport safety is definitely sub-par
First we need to FIND the plane. Commercial airliners don't just disappear.
Packed full of Asians anything is possible. Could have pretended to be a pelican going after rhino horn or shark fin. Let's not be too judgemental.
If the plane was traveling at 500 mph and was at 50,000 feet and was destroyed in flight I would assume the search area can be as large as 60 miles long. That is a huge area to search for small pieces. That is like going from Brunswick, GA to the Florida state line. That is if there is anything that is floating.
Since there is no evidence what so ever, why would anyone dismissed any possibility? Until there is more evidence, if there is any, any and all possible scenarios should be considered.
Two passengers with stolen pass ports. Plane disintegrates in flight. No evidence of foul play. Right.
Yeah, and the person who bought those 2 passenger's tickets is named "Mr. Ali" and pays in cash.
How could there be evidence of an attack when they haven't found the plane yet? DUH!
I don't know what happened to the aircraft but, I think the pilot descended to try to bring the crippled plane home. His first reaction was to return to kota Baharu...where there is an airport. Also, its safer to crash in water than land...ask Sully. I think the pilot headed for KB but didn't make it....landing it along the coast would have allowed passengers to escape with a better chance of rescue or reaching the shore if close enough. Check the line between the last known location and Kota Bahru...especially near the coast. How clear is the water there? Hope they find the A/C soon.
I also believe the aircraft crashed into the water at low speed thus staying intact....probably gliding due to no fuel..thus not much noise.
There is no way the pilots merely guided the plane down or there would've been a lot of radio contact. Whatever happened was very sudden and tragic period.
if it was hijacked and in another nation wouldn't they be able to track its path? How can it just disappear into thin air without not showing up on the radar or whatever...
Experts seem to indicate that it would be impossible, or extremely unlikely for a plane the size of the 777 to land undetected.
Unbelievable! Is there any scenario that would still be plausible given the facts? How about this... a small bomb went off near the front of the plane that was big enough to blow the pilots unconscious, blow out windows depressurizing the cabin, and crack open the fuel tank causing the fuel to spill out, but the plane stayed intact and as it entered the ocean it immediately filled with water and sank. The distress button was never pressed so the black box never started beeping. Can any physics people shed some light as to whether or not it's possible for a plane to hit the water at such an angle that it would stay intact but still sink quickly?
I'd like that you reached a conclusion without any evidence/premise to back your story.
Nice theory but there would still be lot's of floating debris.
the black box is always on sending data constantly. Strange that it just stopped. Must of been total disintegration to destroy the box which usually survives even the worse disasters.
.......and the American spy system didn't detect any unusual event
IT DOES'NT TAKE A PHYSICS PROFESSOR TO KNOW THAT YOU ARE DELUSIONAL !
No, it's not currently possible for a commercial jet to fall intact into any body of water from FL350 and not disintegrate upon contact. People need forget about the whole "water" aspect of it. When you're falling from seven miles in the sky, it's no better to hit solid concrete than the water surface. Everything will be obliterated, regardless of the angle of attack. Planes (unlike cars) are not designed to stay intact upon impact anyways, they are designed to not crash in the first place.
@ Chinhomiah, I'm just trying to come up with a plausible scenario, because given what they are telling us so far, no theories make sense. I don't think there could be total disintegration. There would still be a lot of floating debris. Of course the ocean is big, so they obviously could still find debris. Has the oil slick been identified as the same as that of the airplane's? @ j j Where did you hear that the black box is constantly transmitting information? I know the beacon transmits a signal when it is activated but perhaps it malfunctioned. @Mr. International, ok thanks for the info; do you have any plausible explanation then?
[Where did you hear that the black box is constantly transmitting information?] The black boxes emit a sound signal that travels well under water but the distance the sound travels is also limited when you consider the vastness of the South China Sea. [ I know the beacon transmits a signal when it is activated but perhaps it malfunctioned] any emergency transmitters on board would emit frequencies that travel well through the air but not very well through water.
I know more about aircraft than one can possibly know seeing how I use to work on them in the military, and this theory that it simply disintegrated is stupid. Even if it hit the water at mach speeds there would be pieced of it floating or some parts of the interior floating on the water. The ONLY things that could vaporize the aircraft is a nuclear device. If there are simply no traces of anything it's most likely that the plane was hijacked and is still in one piece somewhere, if it soft landed on the water and sank that's another theory that makes sense and what may cause the slicks in the water. Either way, I don't buy into this "It disintegrated" theory at all.
If it soft landed wouldn't there be time for a distress call ?
you can't even write very well
Yep, even if the whole plane broke up into 1/4" pieces, there would be foam, fabric, plastic, etc floating all over the place.
Not necessarily, Jaesun. If the $#!t is hitting the fan, that's the last thing they would do. Every pilot learns.....Aviate, navigate, communicate....in that order.
It could've entered the water at a slight angle not vertical. Therefore, not enough force to break apart in mid-air but also just enough angle of entry so water doesn't act as concrete (maybe it was torrent water providing extra cushioning). Or pilot were almost successful as soft-landing it in water but failed and it sank as a whole. In any case, given what we know so far, highly unlikely it could' have disintegrated in mid-air.
Lightpaws. If you know so much then recall Flt 447 a few yrs ago. Took days to locate wreckage a 3 yrs to determine it was Pilot error. Let's wait and see huh.
I forget the flight number but there is one accident that happened that still to this day it's unsolved. We may never know what happened. I am aware it can take time to locate a plane, this response was solely about the theory it disintegrated in flight. Could they have sent a distress signal if they soft landed? Quite possibly but there are so many "What if's" to consider that I won't go into them. I simply posted my knowledge based on aircraft construction and durability. Had the plane broke apart in mid air (IE Bombs, structural failure, etc) there would be tiny bits of the plane still left behind to float (Such as insulation as Liberal Sheep said) Also if the plane had hit the water at high speed, same thing.. Something would have surfaced. For the plane to leave no traces but an oil slick, the plane would have had to soft land in the water. That way everything that could have floated is still inside or contained in the airframe. Yes they can sink, their not water tight. My belief is the plane was hijacked. You can turn off the planes transponder which will make it somewhat invisible to air traffic controllers, but if you are in radar range it will still show up as an unidentified blip on the screen. I think I read this plane was out of radar range. It could have been taken very carefully to another landing strip, flying low to avoid radar (As military does on strikes) .. these passengers may still be very well alive.. To David, Yes I am an aircraft specialist, I know what I'm talking about here, Spent many years in the Airforce and worked on more planes than I can recall, so knowing how they act or can act during crashes was one of my many qualifications I was trained on by the US Government. Could it be pilot error, Very well could be, but my above comments I hold in strong belief, until proven otherwise.
As a Malaysian, I am proud of Malaysia Airlines for its excellent service on the ground and on board. I am also a frequent traveller, and almost always use MAS, be it domestic or abroad. The national carrier safety records has been very good, with the exception of the 1977 and 1995 crashes. So, to hear about the disappearance of MH370 is shocking and quite traumatic; I can only imagine what the families of the unfortunate souls on board are going through right now. I do hope it will be found soon so that all the questions can be answered, but until then let us take a moment to pray for the safety of the passengers, and also pray that God will ease the search and rescue teams in finding the plane.
They may have good ground service It's the inflight that concerns me
Tsk Tsk Tsk Spank the Monkey..so shallow-minded.
I am an American living in SE Asia and after I had my first experience with Malaysia Airlines recently, MAS became my favorite airline! I loved how meals were free, no luggage fees with generous allowance, personal entertainment systems and timely service. I've flown lots of airlines around the world and it was nice to see MAS still focusing on service. It makes me sad that they are somehow involved in this tragedy. Praying for everyone.
Two people with stolen passports on board means nothing. Valid, stolen, or no passport you still need to get through security.
Means nothing? It might not be a smoking gun, but, nothing?
Maybe martians came and took it into their invisible space ship.
Time will tell as we certainly will get information regarding this over time. I remember, shortly after 9/11 a Paris bound airplane going down on the east coast of America and, in time, we learned that it had something to do with wiring and fuel. (correct me if I'm wrong please) Then we had so many other very sad indeed crashes like the one going from Brazil I think who also crashed in the water because of frozen sensors or something. I thank God that so far my wife and I have been able to go to Europe and get back with KLM. I don't like flying and neither does my wife but out of the two "evils" in regards to take a boat or a plane, we choose a plane 'cause it'll be over in 11 hours if we're lucky and Prince Valium certainly plays a great role in getting us there and not care.
It was before 9/11--TWA flight 800.
An Air France "Dream Liner" crashed into the Atlantic about five years ago. It took 3 years to find it. Turned out it was a simple mechanical failure of one piece that confused the on board computers and the auto pilot mode.. and the pilots were unable to control it manually after that.
The air France flight from Brazil? It didn't take them years to find that--it did take them almost two years to get the black boxes. And it wasn't a Dreamliner--it was an Airbus A330. But the rest is true--that accident was very avoidable--the pilots needed to dive the plane the restart the engines after a stall--they pulled up all the way down. Really tragic.
Wasn't the pilot inexperienced and that's the one kept pulling back on the controls. I guess the black box would know that?
That crash in NY shortly after 9/11 was purely pilot error. He hit some wake turbulence from the plane in front of him and over corrected with the rudder pedals which led to the stabilizer being ripped off. Turns out the airline the pilot flew for (American I believe) was training their pilots to use too much rudder correction in those situations for fear of rolling the plane. Very sad and completely unnecessary crash.
O ye who believe, if ye will help Allah. he will help you, and plant your feet firmly. But those who reject. For them is destruction, and will bring, Their deeds to naught. That is because they Hate the Revelation of Allah, So He has made Their deeds fruitless. Do they not travel Through the earth, and see What was the End Of those before them, Allah brought utter destruction On them, and similar those who reject Allah. That is because Allah is the Protector of those Who believe, but, Those who reject Allah Have no protector.
Yes Daniel--that one was a American flight that crashed into a neighborhood in Queens. It was headed to Santo Domingo--not Paris. But everything you said is correct. Azhar--here's the issues with people who talk like that--it's born out of insecurity. You believe all those people somehow deserved to die? Because frankly I do not. It's a logic that somehow they did something to deserve this fate and you are better. Pretty awful for a religious lecture.
Hey Azhar, does Allah allow trolls in His KIngdom?
checked it for what? the plane never made it to land according to military radar
Here is what I find most disturbing. Let's say for a moment this was in fact a terrorist attack. As we have come to know, the planning for such an event is intense, very very thorough and does take some time to prepare. So one of the areas the bad guys found a weakness is the area that, generally speaking is the last barrier before the plane accepts passengers; the inspection of credentials. Said another way, one of the most critical areas for airline safety has a weak link. That is sad.
it wasnt a terrorist attack...its mechanical failure...
Asian people with English names? Now would you not want to question them? Where is the common sense? Duhh?
@Candy. It REEKS of a terrorist attack.
Terrorist attacks generally involve some sort of looming terror. If it was an attack someone would have owned up to it otherwise whats the point? There is no message here.
@Candy: You can't say that. You don't know what it was any more than anyone else does. Wanting it to be a fact doesn't make it a fact.
I could care less about an American name of a passenger...how about all the lousy call centers I am bob jones, in Phillipines or India...this is AMANDA....cannot understand and the errors made Jez
@ Joe, it could have possibly been a dry run for something bigger. In which case they wouldn't take credit for just yet. Maybe??? @ Butterfly. It's "I COULDN'T care less."
A dry run for disappearing a plane? they only real damage u can do with a plane is fly it into something like 911 but there was no distress signals or anything it just suddenly blew up.
Didn't it take like a week for investigators to find any debris from the air france crash? If so, why is this so remarkable?
The govt can track individuals by accessing the GPS in their phones How can they not locate the black box.
THIS IS ALL OBAMA'S FAULT!! If he simply made sure to be aboard every commercial airline flight, no one would dare commit terrorist acts!! IMPEACH HIM NOW!
Aside from the crew, there were 227 passengers on-board Flight MH370. The 777, about an hour into its flight, had just climbed to its designated cruising altitude of 35,000 feet. Assuming that mobile telephones must be switched on to track GPS coordinates—is it at all plausible that not one single passenger left his or her phone on? You have the flight manifest; you can get their telephone numbers. What were the last GPS coordinates of one single passager on that plane?
Yes and when was that GPS it last recorded ....the odd thing the plane should have had a big one something is fishy here
Now how would they have a record of the last GPS coordinates, when the plane went down in the middle of the South China Sea? Ho close do you imagine the nearest cell phone tower is, the one that would theoretically receive the coordinates from the phones??
Had it taken off from San Diego and disappeared on it's way to Houston, you'd have a valid question, Riki. But GPS cell phone tracking isn't the norm in Asia, and it's illegal in China. As for Jaesun, yes, the plane 'had a big one'. And once they find the flight data recorder, they can check it. Moron
I believe Riki thought the plane went down in South China Sea, Indiana. I have seen the two confused before. It is an honest mistake.
Cell phones do not work over open water... no towers.
They weave taller tales than King Obama.
I do not have the luxury of being 'ordinary'; and, these families and friends are hurting. Something is amiss and those of us who travel the world know far more - not to mention those of us actually knowing far more. I suggest all family members track their loved one's last signals. Do your own leg work. Think outside the box. If the plane went down so did the phone. "Mystery of passenger’s ringing cellphone March 10, 2014 The mobile phone of a passenger on the missing MH370 flight rang when his brother called from Beijing yesterday, said a Shanghai daily. Missing MAS-tearful relative in BeijingBEIJING: Malaysia Airlines is investigating claims that the mobile phone of a passenger on the missing MH 370 flight rang when his brother called from Beijing. A MAS representative confirmed that the brother told them it rang three times yesterday morning before appearing to hang up. However, Ignatius Ong, a member of MAS senior management team, said the number had been passed to the airline’s command office in Kuala Lumpur, the Chinese Embassy in Malaysia and governments of both nations for further investigation but all attempts to call the number had failed. “I myself have called the number five times while the airline’s command centre also called the number. We got no answering tone,” Ong told a press conference here yesterday. According to media reports, the brother had dialled the number in the presence of reporters and then informed the airline. A phone company in Singapore said its initial investigation had shown the number was out of credit. The press conference was held at the Beijing Lido Hotel, where more than 100 relatives of the Chinese passengers on the flight have been anxiously waiting for information. MAS has informed relatives that if they wanted to go to Malaysia, it will make efforts to assist them, Ong said, adding that the airline had begun to arrange for the first batch of relatives to set out for Malaysia. The carrier is in communication with the Malaysian and Chinese governments to assist relatives with the first departure expected today, Xinhua news agency reported. The airline has negotiated with Malaysian authorities to accelerate visa application procedures, Ong added, but only two direct relatives of each passenger will be allowed on the first flight due to limited seat numbers. - courtesy ShanghaiDaily"
John, have you ever heard of cell phones on boats? :)
While cellphones don't add much to the equation, the ACARS systems should have been reporting. When AF447 went down, the airline knew that the plane had had trouble with the airspeed indicator, and that the computers were having difficulty. So if this plane was having mechanical problems the airline should know. Plus, the last known location of the plane is known, so why can't someone find wreckage?
G.M. I agree to all that you are saying; however, I am equally implying that not only has the government(s) failed to come forward with the "classified" details...there is still another option. It is highly doubtful that "both" (there are certainly more than two) systems failed simultaneously.
Excerpts from the article Missing plane sent signals to satellite for hours AP by CHRIS BRUMMITT and JOAN LOWY "..KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — A Malaysia Airlines plane sent signals to a satellite for four hours after the aircraft went missing, an indication that it was still flying for hundreds of miles or more, a U.S. official briefed on the search said Thursday." "...It's like when your cellphone is off but it still sends out a little 'I'm here' message to the cellphone network," the official said. "That's how sometimes they can triangulate your position even though you're not calling because the phone every so often sends out a little bleep. That's sort of what this thing was doing." Thank you to those thinking outside of the box...
Sources very close to the investigation have confirmed that crews will start draining the sea at 11:20 EST.
I feel sad for the victims and their families. About the stolen passports, this situation happened regarding 9/11/2001 attacks and happens all the time elsewhere, because, whenever someone reports their ID cards as stolen, the official stance is typically "Oh, you lost your ID". Then the person states, "no, it had to have been stolen", yet the government and law enforcement and local security officials all maintain the same stance - "so, you are saying you lost your ID?" Hence stolen ID cards almost never get investigated and the victim of the theft pays some nominal fee to get a replacement ID and life goes on, till something tragic happens by someone using the stolen ID. Then it happens, again, and again. Recognize a pattern? I do not know whether this is horrific accident or foul play, but it also shows overt negligence, if not overt corruption on the part of passport officials. It also shows that apparently all those various nation's State Departments immigration and customs offices spend more time harassing innocent people, yet let those who would be obviously suspicious to the most casual of observers even without a computer database indicating the ID was fake. Lesson to "security personnel", when someone states their ID was stolen, treat it as stolen till proven otherwise, instead of just ignoring the situation.
I totally agree with that. Any lost passport should be invalidated electronically. No way should you be able to steal a passport and be able to get on a plane with it. I hope the passengers were not terrorized by people holding these passports. I hope they find what happened soon for the families' sakes. Very sad.
Security varies greatly from airport to airport...even in the U.S. Just last week, while flying alone (an American female), I was patted down and had my finger tips wiped and tested at O'Hare. Returning from Seattle, I was finger tip tested again, but I did not have to have my quart-sized bag of liquids, cell phone, IPad, boots, or coat on the belt (as was required at O'Hare earlier in the week along with the arms out x-ray body scan). I was prepared to do this and started to put everything up separately when I was told to leave them all in my carry-on bag while it ran through. I walked through security with my raincoat and boots on and no body x-ray was done. After my boots beeped upon passing through, I was then told to take them off and put them up on the belt. After all this, I was cleared to go, but I was surprised at the differences in security between the two airports.
TSA has a program called precheck that has less security (stay dressed, no unpacking just a metal detector). Originally it was created for known good travellers who were in the global entry program or in select frequent flyer programs, but my understanding is that they now use pre-check lanes as flow control (meaning they divert regular passengers there if there is too much backup in the other lanes)in some airports, which means travellers who don't know about program get the benefit that many of us had to pay for--getting a global entry card is $100 plus an interview, fingerprinting and background check. Enjoy the fact that you didn't have to go through the full monty.
Thanks, Susan. I believe the pre-check is exactly what I went through...wasn't aware of it since I am not a frequent flyer...only a few times a year. Must have been backup in the lanes.
I fly from Anchorage, Alaska to Chicago O'Hare fairly often. The screening is much more detailed in Chicago. I've had my service dog patted down in Anchorage. She weighs 10LB. I also travel with my 40 gram weight bird in a small visible pet carrier. At O'Hare they tried to take my bird out of the cage and they patted the inside of his little carrier. I was scared to death he would fly off. I don't like to take my shoes off as I'm a diabetic so they manually check my feet and hands. My medical supplies are never questioned not even my prescription hand cream that is over 3oz. But I tossed a box of "hair color" into my carry on. I was going to color my hair before I left but was worried my hair would "stink" and bother other seat mates. That was taken away from me. The package was not opened. I imagine the bottles inside were individual small bottles but they took it. I asked the screener if she was expecting me to dye everyone hair blonde on the way to Alaska! That is the only thing I've ever had taken from me in many years of flying.
lol @ the hair dye thing, Rebecca! I agree about the screening at O'Hare...very thorough. Wishing you a Healthy 2014! :) *Has it been as cold in Alaska as it has in Chicago???
It is the randomness that makes it effective. Just as a dangerous person think he has found a loophole in the system, he/she may again get the thorough treatment.
I ain't dangerous...I am a pu$$ycat. ;) Can't believe I went through all that, but I'm not complaining...I'd rather be safe.
The important thing the families want to know: How much money will the airline cough up.
Typical arrogant Chinese "we urge the malayasian gov to hurry up"?! You don't think they're doing all the can? It's not like Chinese were the only ones on this flight and it's not like they're just hanging out in their office, they have people looking out 24 hours a day. Like I said, typical Chinese arrogant behavior.
US spy satellites didn't see any explosion, Malaysia military radar presumably didn't see the flight descending, the oil slick tested not to be aviation fuel, no debris field, no signal, so unless the plane has cloaking capability, the only other possibility is that it got vaporized without creating a fireball but how can that be as the amount of energy required to vaporize a plane would be huge. OK, how about the plane got swallowed by a black hole?
Where will it pop up next ?? These disappearing planes, are becoming a problem. Things this big, don't just disappear folks sorry ask David Copperfield !! A plane, 239 people with at least one piece of luggage . Do you really think there's not going to be something floating in the water, you know like one of those flotation devises, like your seat cushion, how many of those are in a Boeing 777 ??. We know there were at least 239 of them, plus a lot of other #$%$ that floats ??? Perhaps it's on land ?? People think for your selves once in awhile ... If they did praise, well may God be with them .... JMO
Although that is a possibility, it is highly unlikely. A plane doesn't just break apart while flying with no warning. Even the planes' likely disintegration would not produce such a catastrophic type event culpible are the airlines in such and unlikely thing. when in deed. So, although it was clever thinking on your part, it is highly unlikely the case. So people are now throwing out all kinds of ideas. Hey, maybe the plane somehow landed in some remote jungle in the Vietnam. No, then they would be putting out a signal. That is even more highly unlikely. Interesting ideas though.
unless it sunk within seconds, then everything could of went down with the plan. im hoping they find something.
it wouldnt have sank within seconds, these planes are light enough for their size to stay afloat long enough for SOME people to get out, certainly long enough for a distress signal.. even if the engines died mid flight theres enough time to send a signal before falling 20,000+ feet.. my guess, explosive decompression or a bomb that went off mid-flight.. its the only way the plane could have been destroyed before some kind of signal was sent
Still would be ton's of debris floating no matter how fast the plane went down.
@Nally: A plane that breaks apart during flight is ALWAYS without warning. Whether that be explosive decompression via a bomb or structural failure (eg: China Airlines 611), commercial jets currently have no way of indicating an eminent explosion or disintegration. Explosive decompression happens instantly and those who are not immediately killed or incapacitated by the initial explosion will lose consciousness likely within seconds due to the lack of oxygen traveling to the brain. Likely a painless death, but the point is that there is no time to react nor could you anticipate this kind of catastrophe.
The only way the plane would sink is if it broke apart when it hit the water and then we would see lots of debris.
Time to shrink our defense budget.
Nice dig at that fraud Copperfield! I can't believe he tried to pull that.
@Nally: "Even the planes' likely disintegration would not produce such a catastrophic type event culpible are the airlines in such and unlikely thing. when in deed." Could you throw me a bone and at least decipher, if not fully clarify what it is you're trying to convey?
I generally don't speculate because speculation is a mix of what little we do know plus our imagination and with shoddy ingredients like that, the outcome has worse odds than lotto but if I were to speculate, the plane hit the water and sank. People assume it landed on its belly but that's usually due to the efforts of the pilot. No distress signals suggest the crew had not activated it for whatever reason and that reason could have prevented any emergency landing efforts like landing on water right-side up.
@Mr. International: The 777 is in constant contact with maintenance from preflight to post touchdown, closing out that log and starting a new one upon the next preflight. Several 1000 times per second, 1000s of sensors surrounding the windshields, all the windows and exits along the fuselage, the wings, their attachment/seal to the fuselage, the engine shrouds, their contacts/seal to the wings, all along the fuselage, that are dedicated to detecting and then tracking every microscopic stress fracture. Every airframe develops them, they can number in the 100s of 1000s, or more, before they find another to connect to, then find others to connect to, to become worthy of note. Normally it's at this point during an annual inspection that they "might" be detected. The 777 tracks them in real time, long before there's a problem. It's a direct response to sections of fuselages that separated during flights of aging airframes, sometimes getting lucky, one had a couple passengers and a flight attendant extracted on approach, another, at cruising altitude/speed caused immediate catastrophic near disintegration of all but the original 7 seat long roof section that first separated at the bottom line of the windows, and found largely intact. Even one incident where the frame around the pilot's windscreen separated from the fuselage during take off, held in place by the copilot as they quickly returned. Imagine that frame failing at 300+mph and pressurized, instead of 147mph unpressurized. In addition, every flight system, external flight controls, landing gear, cabin pressure, toilet flush, movement in cargo area, every possible aspect of everything to do with that airframe and that flight is monitored 1000s of times per second, while yet more sensors are monitoring any temp and volume change within the engines themselves, even monitoring fuel atomization. Several experts are wondering why no one is talking about the state of the art maintenance systems, that run constantly, and monitor more, with more frequency sweeps than the black box. This system is supposed to render the black box, it's limited recording time of a limited amount of systems, and it's need to be recovered obsolete. Was it even turned on? Did it record maintenance issues that generated automatic work orders, then those orders signed off on without the work being done to save money? Did it record a flaw in a system that would ground all 777s, and is being sat on to figure how to spin the problem? It's not a mandatory system. It's proprietary equipment of Boeing, they can claim it was off.
Net effect: I am Never flying to Asia, Arabia, Africa or any other region notorious for poorly managed identity security.
Hope they are able to discover what happened to the flight. Very odd event with no warning, especially with the flight tracking and external technology available.
Two men with stolen European passports had second set of tickets purchased in cash by an Iranian known only as Mr. Ali. Airport security cameras show the two men were not Asian (whould be tough for Asians to pass as European but not so difficult for Iranians to pass, esp. in Asia). The airline doesn't like this terrorist angle because it makes them look bad as the stolen passports had been registered/red-flagged with Interpol and shoddy screening allowed the two men onboard. All that combined with the excellent safety record of the 777 makes me think terrorist act but why didn't spy satellites see the explosion? A mystery wrapped in an enigma.
Maybe the "terrorists" are American trained Uighur operatives tasked to assassinate a Chinese VIP.
Maybe the "terrorists" are American trained Uighur operatives tasked to assassinate a Chinese VIP, so even if the Satellites see an explosion, we would hide it. :-)
Just heard on NPR that the two men were black, not Middle Eastern.
After hearing the two men were black and wanted to go to "anywhere in Europe" (NPR's Monday All Things Considered), and the fact nobody is claiming responsibility, I'm thinking it wasn't terrorism--hope they find the debris field soon and recover the black box. RIP
You can only guess and speculate when you don't have any evidence. That's why I'm going to offer my opinion that the aircraft met some catastrophic event like a bomb or missile. What troubles me is the lack of debris that always accompanies a crash. That is unless it's 9/11 and you crash into the pentagon without a single trace of bodies or aircraft parts. Even the French A330 that iced up its pitot control devices then did a 22 thousand feet nose dive 90 degrees into 13,000 feet of ocean had floating debris. Something doesn't add up here. May be a lack of honest reporting. We need to get the NTSB in there to put the pieces together to give the families some closure. Obviously any aircraft can suffer from maintenance that was not performed and then fraudulently reported as performed. That happens a lot in these countries. But the 777 is a tough bird using CM56 engines, the most reliable for the aircraft type. I just want a debris field found. Oils slicks don't cut it. Also location beacons still operate in the depth of water the aircraft was thought to have crash in. Only 300 feet.
We just can't offend those peace loving Muslims.
The French Airbus pancaked with a forward speed in excess of 100MPH. The pilots were holding the aircraft in a full blown stall. If they had merely released the back pressure on the controls, the airplane would have recovered by itself and flown on home. It did not 'nosedive.' 100% pilot error.
Grim ...Jerry is exactly correct - the Air France plane did not nose dove. It was partially nose up - IN A STALL - when in pancaked into the water. A gigantic version of a belly-flop, to be exact. The pitots froze over, the pilots mishandled it (one pilot in particular was holding the plane in a stall while the others were trying to correct it), and all those people died.
Grim, explain what you mean by 'these countries'. When did such thing happen in 'these countries'? How often?
Ditto, don't you love peace too?
I have flown in those regions and had mosquitoes in the rest rooms on the plane. so yea they slack on maintaining their planes.
There is nothing mysterious about this! This is but one more incident that sounds exactly like another government cover-up from a possible weapons experiment gone wrong or worse yet gone "right". And I'm not pinpointing at any one country's government but the "one world government" that is controlled by the VERY real enemy of the world population...the Illuminati. They are real people so quit focusing on far-fetched mysteries and theories about terrorism by some radicalist religious sect. there are two kinds of people...them and the victims all over the world. If you are not Illuminati then guess what the alternative is!! WAKE UP PEOPLE...THE TIME IS AT HAND!!!
'unprecedented mystery' everything have a logical explanation in physics, the only thing the Malaysian government needs to ask around is: which country and which military had an military drill in the affected area, which country have the technical means to cause a mid air disappearance of a huge plane with a sophisticated communication and tracking equipment?? I do know such weaponry exist and are in the possession of some countries,
Wow 50+ hours and no sign! Let I remind you when Challenger and Columbia blew up pieces came down! You couldn't miss the signatures on radar! You can't make a 777-200 just vanish without some kind of trace unless you all wanted us to think that. Things we know flight tacker said they didn't have mh370 admitting anything past 45 minutes into the flight! They come and said that MH370 was turning to turn back? Turning for another destination! Oil slick found! At least they were/are testing it! It could be a plant along with the door? Not like we don't have graveyards of planes kicking around! I am surprised that we haven't flown a drone over to do a scan to go find it! In fact I am surprised at this point Boeing hasn't paid to have one fly and find it! My bet if it is there they will have a signature of it in 6 hours! 777-200 is one of the best and most reliable planes flying. Last know accident with one was what last summer when they hit ocean wall! Full pilot error! MH370 pilot excellent a geek they put! had his own simulator at home! Pilot knew how, and love to fly! You just can't make a 777-200 something that big vanished unless you want to make us think it vanished when it hasn't! No one reported seeing a light, fire or parts raining down! No radar picked up an explosion and both air and water are heavily traveled routes! Someone had to of seen something? Where is this MH370?
haven't you seen Langoliers Karen? of course you can make a jumbo disappear.
Obviously you've never seen an ocean. It's very big, very deep. They'll have to run sonar-scanning submarines everywhere between Viet Nam and Malaysia to find the plane, and that could take weeks. Radars usually don't show explosions. They show blips, tiny dots created by radio signals sent out by the plane. They don't actually get a live-action video of the plane. The word "derp" comes to mind.
That plane went into a sort of a "Bermuda Triangle"...Don't you get it?
my answer - The Twilight Zone
"I am surprised that we haven't flown a drone over to do a scan to go find it!" -Karen You didn't really read the article before you went crazy about 'vanishing plane conspiracies' did you? "MASSIVE SEARCH More than 20 aircraft and 40 ships from seven nations are involved in the search...." Add satellite imaging and feeds and I'd say the are searching. If they can't find the plane Karen, the conspiring entities cannot blame anyone, and you know how the man loves to place blame. It's what they gotta do. Thats why someone goes about a secret scheme and "plant's" evidence.
Alien life forms transported the plane to an undisclosed location in the Milky Way! ;-)
I like what someone mentioned on Facebook: Take a look at the back ground of the pilots and passengers. To me personally, I think that's a good idea and then you find just who was on the plane and if they were just some young punk kids who used stolen passports or if there was something more going on with the passengers. I just can't wrap my mind around how an aircraft that big could just vanish into or out of thin air. But it makes you wonder what was really going on and if they are so deep in the ocean it could months to almost a year to find everyone and everything on board. I hope the loved one's family gets some closer real soon. I don't know how I would deal if something like that happened to one of my loved ones. I don't like to fly and this is why I don't fly. I go to Chicago once a year, or at least try to, and we drive. Its about 10-15 hrs. from where I live and I rather go at my own pace than be on a plane and become another victim of a plane crash. I know car accidents happen all the time, but I just feel safer in my van and I'm in a wheelchair so it just easier to go in my van. I really hope they find out something new real soon to tell everyone and have a glimmer of hope for those who have loved ones on board.
Well, to me it's creepy that you can do a background check on all the passengers in Facebook.
No it was someone ON Facebook saying they should do background checks on everyone, but not through Facebook.
They might want to check Somalia...
What makes no sense to me is how the plane would just vanish from the radar out of the blue. I don't mean to be a joker on this one, but do you suppose there is a Burmuda Triangle equivalent in East Asia? Also, people, I understand you are full of sympathies, but come on, the show isn't over until the fat lady sings, so lets not give up our hope just yet ok? For all we know, these people may still be alive and well on some uncharted island.
It vanished because it was sudden.....an explosion.
I was at the airport in Washington DC and 4 security people 2 females and 2 men stop me I was the last in line. They search me not my hand bag. I could tell they had no training at all when it came to searching my body. They forgot key areas. They look like if they had nothing to do. It was a joke. I was going to say something but they look so ignorant that they wood had make a big thing out of nothing. I am praying for the people on that flight.
jeanette with that grammar you are only qualified to suck my wiener
If the plane didn't explode in mid-air (US satellites saw no evidence of such explosion occurring), and the plane still can't be found, then is it possible at all that the plane actually DID land somewhere (possibly hijacked?) and there's this huge coverup about it? Other weird explanations could be that they got swept to another dimension or got beamed up/tractor-beamed by an alien vessel. But we're dealing with reality. And reality leaves us dumbfounded so far as to the fate of the plane and its passengers. Our hearts go out to the families of the missing passengers. This is definitely one time the media should respect individual privacy.
Being a 777, you don't just land it on any runway.
Sometimes you have to do something drastic to capture people's attention. People have become complacent in thinking that the security agencies, the science agencies can control everything. They think NASA knows everything, the NSA knows everything. Nobody can outsmart or out think them. Well, think again.
Could be the plane was high-jacked and forced to get off course and by now has probably landed somewhere far from its original destination. Someone mentioned if the plane did crash, it could very well have crashed in the forests in Viet Nam. All we are hearing now is speculation because no one knows what actually happened. My heart goes out to the families and friends of loved ones on that plane. The waiting for something definite must be horrendous for all of them. Reporters need to get out of these poor people's faces, they are only adding to their pain and great sense of loss!
"Unprecedented" - hardly. Recall the Air France disaster. The ocean is a very big place. A catastrophic failure means the plane disintegrates and plummets into the ocean and sinks. Soon pieces will be found, and then wreckage at the bottom of the sea. A sad day for all.
Ok, 1. it was highjacked, 2. Aliens took it. If there was some kind of disaster there would be something left from it and that would have already been located easily by now. So thats not an option anymore. I really fill for those poor people being told that it may have just disintegrated?????? come on now, what a mind F! They could have said something like, we think it may have been highjacked and everyone maybe safe somewhere, Saying it just disintegrated is out of the question unless you have something left to show from it. sketchy!!! What's your take?
My thought is....due to past disapperances of planes, particularly John F. Kennedy Jrs. plane was that there was either plane power loss or pilot error and the plane went to the bottom of the ocean. It took many days for them to find JFK Jr's plane....no oil tracks in the water, no debris. They brought in sonar used by the Navy to finally pinpoint that plane. Since this jet, much bigger than JFK Jrs. plane left no trail of debris (which there would be something if there was an explosion of any kind) is that the plane lost power or there was pilot error and the plane simply went down into the ocean.
Very sad, condolences to all the families. Unfortunately, the plane was involved in a runway crash the damaged a wing. They should have inspected the wing joint closer - I suspect the "minor" impact may have started a crack at the base of the wing and the fracture propagated across to the point where it just "broke off" during flight. She probably fell like a rock, Hence the sudden disappearance without a "MAY-DAY". The plane probably hit the water at terminal velocity of a falling object - about 250 miles per hour. It may as well have been concrete. May they all rest in Peace.
sSPLATT ! glug-glug-glug . ...its the Horror of the descent that can't be ignored...perhaps not as bad as being trapped on floors above where the jets hit on the World Trade Center Towers...but still...you know you're about to die...this time you had 238 other people with you... (that's gotta be in the top 10 terrors humans can be conscience of). .
Of all the theories floating around on this board, it is my opinion that yours is the most likely scenario.
As a pilot, I'm surprised there hasn't been an ELT signal. I would assume there are redundant systems on a large newer generation aircraft to offset failure of the beacon. I'm certain questions have been posed regarding possible Russian military aircraft splashing the airliner. Given the current political climate, hostile action would not surprise me. Russia has a history of shooting down a civilian airliner (KAL 007). The unarmed commercial aircraft reportedly strayed off course into Russian/Soviet airspace. Given the lack of an identifiable debris field, it is suggestive that the aircraft broke up or blew apart at altitude and debris was scattered over a wide area. I'm expecting the worst, but remain hopeful this mystery will be satisfactorily resolved.
Lets see....a Russian plane first flying over the entire China or India, before entering Vietnam/Myanmar/Bangladesh/Nepal airspace, then entering Thai airspace before entering Malaysian airspace.......who's lost there?
I doubt it was terrorist. They would have been broadcasting it immediately. Terrorism = Fear = Headlines
let's see, the pilot had 18000 hrs flying time. the co-pilot, i believe 7000 hours. and the media would prefer to believe the pilots erred, rather than more seriously consider the statistical likelihood that there were muslims afoot.
Don't forget that China itself is having terrorist problems. The major question as to a bomb, who would get the most value of blowing up a plane and killing 239 people. For sure, we know terrorist don't care about human life. The other fact that makes this difficult is that the plane was within 90 miles of land, for sure by now some material would be washing ashore the island. How about a high jacking. The plane dived to a low level where radar could not see it and ditched in the ocean or landed at a remote terrorist field.
We also know China doesn't care about lives of its people either.
If it was a terrorist attack why has no one claimed responsibility?
I would be looking at people on the ground too, you don't have people using stolen passports to board a jet, unless someone is passing them thru, either because they are working with these groups, or are getting paid to look the other way. And the fact that there are a couple more suspicious names on the roster, just makes me think some kind of group deal, I would even check baggage handlers etc, something is going on there more than we know now.
My heart goes out to families but could it be possible that the plane was hit by an large meteorite or showers or space junk entering the earth atmosphere?
Booking plane tickets for other people and paying cash is not a good sign. Especially when those other people are traveling on stolen passports.. You can't even do that in the US.
Its a shady operation but doesn't mean they are terrorists, in fact there's much more of a market for stolen passports for illegal immigration, drug smuggling and human trafficking than anything else and SE Asia is a really big hotspot for all of those illegal activities. Its quite possible these two passengers with stolen passports were just coincidentally on the plane. The travel agent said they wanted the cheapest flights, which matches up with the ticket receipt, all 3 flight segments together only cost about $600.
well, the Malaysian official is #$%$ about passport pictures, I know several Asian Americans, most are military, and several Asian Canadians...what the hell? Its not a mistake. If the faces match, then where is there any question? As a well travelled passport holder, I know that several passport checkpoints are CLOGGED! Should the passport agents question everybody? No. There job is hard. It is a horrible situation. I am saddened by the loss of life. No life is expendable, all life is precious. I cry when I think of the families that lost loved ones. The children, the elderly, the mothers and fathers, everyone on that plane are a great loss. The ocean is vas and great, as a former Navy Sailor, I know from experience that great things can be lost forever to the Great Mother Ocean. Rest in Piece to all that were lost to this tremendous tragedy.
""I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday." Unfortunately, you can't go by that anymore. Between adoptions, marriage, divorce, etc you can have a name of one descent but physical features of another. There are many Asians in the US with American names due to adoption. They don't talk or look Asian. If you start screening people from that, you'll be accused of profiling. It's a no-win situation.
I keep reading comments on these boards that assume other countries have the same political correctness and security protocols that we have in the US. They do not. In other countries you'll find some immigration officials corrupt and downright racist. For example: In Vietnam it's normal to bribe immigration officials so they don't harass you about your luggage and paperwork.
I work at an international school in Shanghai. All of our 1,800 students have "Asian faces" and all hold foreign passports, other than Chinese, as they were born abroad or are from a mixed race family.
This incident should send a message to all countries that tighter restrictions for passport control and immigration need to be in place! We need to know who is in our country and that they are who they say they are! I am all for maintaining freedom and civil liberties but I think that would be cold comfort if I were on a hijacked plane scared out of my mind and about to be blown to bits! We need better security and intel!
It will be just like the Twin Towers and the Boston Marathon. People will go back to living their life's and wondering what will happen next. You have to move on, it's the only healthy thing to do. Family and friend's will help those who lost loved one's.
Scared out of your mind huh...seems like you are a total wuss. I would never choose to give up any of my freedom in the name of "safety". After all we have so little freedom left these days.
Wayne, I may be a wuss but at least I'm honest! I bet you'd be peeing your pants and crying your eyes out if you ended up on a hijacked plane or onboard a plane some terrorist was about to blow up! As I said, I am a fan of freedom and we don't need to sacrifice freedom to better control immigration and visas! If we don't know the people in our country are or what their agenda is then we are sitting ducks!
I doubt that size would leave no trace anywhere. Oil slicks are one sign of something in the area even with currents moving most of it. A lot of area to cover but the gov't that first denied it, has a large chore to get done. Hard to believe the credentials passed through unchecked being supposedly in the system for about two years. Inside job? Maybe they have crooked agents at the gates like our TSA thief's that seen to once in awhile get caught, but you never hear if anything happens about it do you,
The more I'm reading of this story the more I feel like we will never know what actually has taken place, unless of course some nut-job terror group takes responsibility, but how could we ever prove that. Sad ending.
I'm leaning towards Lee Harvey Oswald being the evil-doer.
Good questions. The families deserve some answers.
"Azharuddin also said the two men with stolen passports did not look like Asians, but he did not elaborate." Oh but he did. They were groids
We can hire all the TSAs in the world to screen all the passengers that board a jet to halt all the devices that passengers could bring aboard to bring down an aircraft out of the sky but what still can't be stopped no matter how many security guards, TSA, Metal Detectors, and IDs we have folks use is that a PILOT having a bad day can simply put a jet in to the Sea or building and there is no stopping that scenario. I think that's what happened here.
If extensive studies of satellite images show no explosion then how can they say it disintegrated? They think it might have turned around? That's pretty sketchy. Either it did or didn't. It just disappeared off radar? Why wasn't this noted and alerted at the time, right then and there? It seems impossible if there was some explosion, disintegration, some evidence would not show up, not just on radar but in the ocean. Are they trying to say it disintegrated but yet there are oil slicks? Stolen passports, suspicious ppl on board? Maybe, maybe not... Pretty sure stolen passports happen and pretty sure not all are used by terrorist but by ppl trying to go undetected from one country to another. They seemed quick with that story and seems they are going to use it. I wonder how far that plane could've flown and if officials have Ckd all surrounding areas to see if it landed per terrorists, if they are considering terrorists. Either way not one shred of evidence, material nor on radar seems impossible. I can't accept oil slick n not one more thing
Oil slick not connected to missing aircraft, no visible crash debris, last known radar contact indicated a course change then the aircraft transponder is no longer transmitting, two stolen passports and the persons are not Malaysian? How far can a 777 fly with the amount of fuel onboard...and where can it land?
quite a ways. They would of had to fly low below radar, but it's possible.
"They would of had to fly low below radar, but it's possible." The problem with that, however, is that area is actually quite busy in terms of maritime traffic...commercial vessels, fishing boats, as well as naval patrols. It would be almost certain that someone would have noticed a very low flying 777, and would have reported such a sighting by now, given all the attention on this situation. In addition, the amount of fuel that is loaded on an airliner for any flight is typically only the amount needed to fly to its destination, plus an additional amount to allow for some additional flying time (to account for course changes that might be required, as well as for delays in landing). They do not completely fill the fuel tanks (unless it is a very long distance flight), as they do not want to have the additional weight. As for landing it somewhere...it is not as if a 777 can be landed on a small jungle landing strip; it requires a fair size runway to land. In addition, it likely would be noticed by people on the ground as it was coming in for a landing...especially if it is at a runway not typically used for large airliners. Again, given the attention this situation is getting, any such sightings of an unusual landing would likely be reported.
I feel the sadness that you feel to all of you who have ur loved once on MH 370. whom surely must have told before getting on that plain see u tmr mrn or see u next week for their loved once, cause they surely thought this going to be one their routine flights that they always take. No body knows still what exactly happen, where are these people now??. its remains a very big question for all of us right now. we all travel at some point, i'm a catholic only i can do is praying for those who were in that flight & for their loved once, May god bless u all.
I agree with many that terrorists usually want people to know if they blow up a plane. What if they were Uyghurs though? They have been more active in China in recent years and last year, in February, the Malaysians deported a bunch of them back to China. Its a possibility, and much more likely than a Boeing 777 "disintegrating" at altitude for no apparent reason. The plane was in the shop for a routine checkup less than ten days ago and everything was nominal. On the other hand the Austrian and Italian stolen passports are intriguing.
You are right. I suspect terrorism was involved.
If a Uighur terrorist wanted to buy a black market stolen passport he would probably want one with a photo that looked something like him. Italian people often have similar features to Uighur people - the black hair, similar skin tone etc.
If what you are saying is true... then terrorism has truly become the new face of war... doesn't matter what country you are talking about... they all have some faction from somewhere that doesn't like them... the more modern the country the more a terrorist threat like this is becoming more likely..it is not the tribes battling it out in the desert with their machine guns in countries with no law or sophistication... this warfare could be compared to the minute men... a sneaky new way to cause damage to the enemy... something new... yet to be contained... just shows the united states and Europe are not the only ones that are having to deal with this threat... islam in its extremes needs to be put on alert... we need only to look at history.. all the way back to ancient history... they have brought the wrath of the world down upon them before... looks like it is time to do same again.. the world does not want sharia law or any religious extreme.. it is 2014 not 1514.. politically correct has become hazard to the world... they reap what they sow... hope china pays attention... obviously when taking any flight from a muslim country heading to a non-muslim country one must be wary... until islam starts accepting the rest of the world and stop expecting the rest of us to conform I believe we should not accept them... they need to stay where they are... religious freedoms have to come with responsibility and respect for the countries that allow them that freedom... assimilate to your host countries... appreciate their help... otherwise get the hell out of here and go back home where it is so much better... so sick of watching and listening to them #$%$ about how bad we are... while they take every hand out they can...
That's why photos on passports should be digital.
Every time Malaysian authorities open their mouth, mystery deepens. First there were 2 persons with stolen passport, then there were 4 person who checked their baggage, but did not board the plane, and now 5 persons who checked their baggage but did not board the plane. Now Interpol is checking if there were more than 2 people with false passports. It seems that this was going on for long time and they apparently were lucky their plane was not hijacked earlier. Having so many problems with security checks and being a Muslim country, there is a recipe for disaster. At night, Malaysian authorities were saying that every baggage was X-rayed, but no bomb detected. That may be true, but some airport employee can sneak luggage and bypass X-ray. Malaysian authorities are saying that plane probably disintegrated at 35,000 feet. From that height if it falls, some luggage will float, but there is none so far. Malaysia is predominantly Muslim country. Recently they had deported Chinese Uyghur Muslims in 2 batches. Could those have anything to do with disappearance. About 10 days ago, Uyghur Muslims had stabbed 31 Chinese to death in a subway. Malaysia does not treat their minorities well. Hindus and Buddhists have been harassed and one Hindu temple built some 125 years ago was demolished a few years ago. Malaysians are getting more and more radicals, Anwar Ibrahim who was sentenced to 5 years in prison for having sex with a male has a large following of radical Muslims. Mystery deepens with this tragedy and also exposes Malaysian problems.
So what? there could be two, there could be two dozen. This is Malaysia. Everybody rides with suspect passports.
Not to mention the supposed U turn the aircraft made. They also said they found a door, but the doors have those flotation slides attached!
Hindus and Buddhist has been harassed? Urr....you should see the billionaire list of Malaysian...
There are good Muslims and there are good rattlesnakes. Semper Fi.
A handful of the 9/11 hijackers were on a security watch list (CAPPS) and at least two of them had no ID at all- they managed to board planes without much scrutiny at all. Airport security in the US is entirely different now and some think it's way too much. Say what you want about the TSA screeners, but I'd rather have them doing what they do than not. Chances of this being a mechanical failure are ZERO. Al Qaeda has been operating in Malaysia for quite some time now.
Although fact, is stranger than fiction, NONE of this adds up. Lots of searching, and explaining to do. In this day, and technical age, seems pretty wierd to say the least.
'there are some countries with completely inadequate security and safety procedures. " Yeah, like the TSA is so great. Two years ago I flew to Peru (two US flights) with a leatherman in my backpack. It was only the second flight within Peru that they saw the tool and confiscated it (I did not know it was there). This could happen anywhere. I agree they should all have GPS information transmitted in real-time, but security is week everywhere, particularly when you have low-paid employees doing the work.
In reality people are less safe today then before the TSA existed as they miss three times as many simulated bombs as private bag checkers.
hey monkey i will spank you
Without-wreckage, eye closely the pilot and/or co-pilot. These two have the ways and means to stage this but not certain why. Especially curious is this happened at the cut-off point for radar from Malaysia and where Vietnam's begins,
Leaning more towards that co-pilot & the 2 w/stolen passports@Ed as the other plane's pilot/flight that was 30 minutes ahead of the Malaysian flight said it was asked by tower to establish a connection/call with that one which in published confirmed reports stated that the Pilot was able to make a connection and thought it was the co pilot he was chatting with also mentioning that it wasn't the greatest connection heard mumbling too...and went on to state that there were boats underneath them....at which took place they said 1 minute prior to tower/radio exchange...
This honestly had to be a terrorist act of some sort, 777's don't just mysteriously break up a 35000 feet and leave little to no debris. The only reason I can think of there being no debris is a violent explosion at altitude. If a bomb was inside the passenger compartment it would have to magnify the effects of an explosion because of the cabin being pressurized. Idk I think the big thing to remember is that TWA 800 was an electrical problem at cruising altitude and they could still reconstruct the entire plane.
Very sad and am praying for all the grieving families.Would there be any satellite imagery of this plane??? w
like the last 100 Post and news reports NO terrorist clam this so it was not them DUH!
TWA was shot down..it has been proven all these years later..there was burnt sections on top of the aircraft due to something scraping across it.plus a hole in and forward of the wing.there were war exercises in the bay that day.and too many eye witnesses seen flares going into the sky and then it blew up..it was not an electrical problem.my father was one that helped piece the plane back together and was a jet mechanic for 25 years..look it up and see the latest on it..you might be surprised of the cover ups..there was a documentary on it..
The Malaysian military reported it had radar indications the plane had turned around as if was returning to base. It was also, apparently, within range of Malaysian civil radar. Anybody familiar with ground based radar. I would think that if a plane can be observed by radar were it break up at 35,000 feet what was once a single radar blip would 'blossom' into multiple radar blips. Say a wing falls off. The wing would rapidly separate from the main body of the jet as it tumbled out of control while the main body of the jet, still under power from the remaining engine veers off in another direction ( and probably at much higher speed due to its still more aerodynamic shape and momentum. At 9 miles per minute, in less than 30 seconds both targets would be several miles apart travelling in different directions and speeds. Is this not observable particularly to a military radar?
If we had your intelligence in Journalism, we'd become well informed!
Hughes, reflective radar is not typically used to track aircraft - they are tracked by their transponders, that emit a signal with a "squawk" number attached. If an aircraft's transponder code is reset to 7500 it indicates a hijacking, 7600 indicates loss of communication, and 7700 is an emergency. The radar position is tracked by the information sent by the transponder - if the plane is destroyed, the transponder code just vanishes from the radar screen when it shuts down.
I agree, but this supposes that someone is watching the radar closely. It is strange, as you suggest, that there wasn't some indication of a tragic event on a radar screen.
Though the chances of the passengers being dead are great, there's still a part of me that refuses to give up on believing they are still alive. Both parents of a second grader in a Beijing international school has been confirmed to have boarded the plane. An email was sent out to every student and parent throughout the school to not break the news to the kid at the moment. I've never met this child personally, however, it is simply devastating to think an 8 year old child would be orphaned suddenly.
I am so sorry but the plane was on the radar and then gone. it had to blow up. and the sea is such a huge place.
Your comment is a little wishy-washy,,,but most of us understand. Pray at all of them are still alive. Thank You
Cynthia: BY EMAIL ? What is wrong with people eh ?
As a father, this is the biggest fear in my life.
@Charles - Turn off the transponder and dive below radar? Land in North Korea? Is it possible? Anyone with enough knowledge about this? I don't think it happened. I'm just wondering if it's possible.
ok, call me crazy, could the plane fly below radar to some location where the people are being held hostage? It does not sound right no trace of the plane is found. If it went down debris would be found. if it exploded in air still part would be found. I am still waiting to hear from a terrorist group responsible for this, I think they may be waiting to secure the passengers in an unknown location, it's ok to call me crazy because this whole thing sounds crazy, not a trace....
you are one crazy mo of
the of stands for old faker
That should be easy to answer. How many airports with a long enough runway are within the reach vs the amount of fuel to fly? You don't just land a plane that size without clearance and causing all kinds of holy hell and international news.
Ok then, why haven't any demand or claims of responsibility come more than 48 hours later Dwight?
What happened to the door they spotted and circled in the photo yesterday?
1. It's not a frickin Pontoon Plane, it's a 777 or also known as a giant #$%$ plane. You can't land those in a Vietnamese Jungle.. 2. With all the tensions in the area you can bet the Vietnamese and Chinese airforce are closely monitoring their airspace, there's no way something that huge get p#$%$ their screenings and don't forget it's a Civillian 777 not a B-2 Stealth Bomber
If they were closely monitoring the plane they would know where it is. "They think" it may have turned around, they think? if they are just thinking well the plane could have went in any direction. they are not saying how much fuel it had and how far it could have gone. the Vietnamese were looking at a presumed fuel spill and now they figure out it was not from that plane. they were not monitoring very well because they have no clue where to look.
There has been 1 group to claim this. but they have never heard of them so I guess they are blowing it off as a hoax. I don't have a clue where the plane is, they must look at all possibilities including if the plane went somewhere else, how much fuel and an area big enough for it to land. They don't know what direction the plane was even flying, they think it may have turned back.
I haven't had a good feeling/thought about this from the 12th hour. No distress call, reports of thinking it landed somewhere en-route with out the flight deck crew notifying anyone; that just doesn't happen, amongst other things. Now with the lost/stolen passport(s) theory, I'm thinking terrorist bombed it, or at best case scenario it is sitting on some airfield where it was hijacked to and what ever 'group' isn't making it's "claim" yet; which is highly unlikely. My prayers go out to the victim's loved ones.
How is it that the NSA can supposedly track your exact location through your cell phone but they can't determine a big old jetliner's last position?
deja vu again! i dont believe they are dead! they are probably in somewhere in a very secluded or unexplored island in south pacific. similar to a Oceanic Airlines Flight 815 was a scheduled flight from Sydney, Australia to Los Angeles, California, United States, on a Boeing 777. On September 22, 2004, the airliner, carrying 324 passengers, deviated from its original course and disappeared over the Pacific Ocean. This is the central moment in the series Lost and the personal chronological beginning of the main characters' exploits on the Island. Flight 815's breakup and crash was due to Desmond Hume failing to enter a code into the Swan station computer, causing a large burst of electromagnetic energy.
all kinds of crazy arent you?
hahaha, I cant believe you are talking about LOST. I was sad but u definitely made my day.
Maybe they really do know what happened to the plane ... maybe this is the newest terrorist weapon = Cloaking the plane) maybe the terrorists have the tech knowledge to cloak the plane/cut all communications ... maybe they cloaked & landed the plane somewhere in Asia ... maybe this was a "Dry Run" to see if they could be sucessful at cloaking a plane ... just sayin' ... maybe they do know what happened and just are not releasing the information .. who knows? Maybe it was Aliens ... hey, at this point anything is possible.
You really need to stop with the fact that Muslim terrorists even have the remote chance of having the type of technology to cloak an aircraft. Are you serious?
"Cloaking?" Does thast mean the Kilingons or Romulans are responsible?
Can someone please explain why planes are not outfitted with some sort of satellite-based tracking system? The NSA spends lots of money tracking us by cell phone signal strength and facial recognition, so why can't the FAA mandate that planes emit signals (e.g., their transponder) that can be tracked by satellite? There should also be developments into a video and audio recording pod built into the tail that ejects from the vertical stabilizer with a bright orange parachute. You'd be able to see exactly what was happening inside and outside the plane right up to the point of whatever brings it down.
That is why they have a Blackbox in all commercial planes. Its even supposed to send out a signal which transmits for over 3days to help identify its location in the event of a crash. But in this case no signal has been received from the blackbox. This is bizarre as it gets!
I could not help but notice your solution don't require you to do anything !
There is a tracking system on the plane. But when it gets blown up it kind of doesn't work anymore.
Then maybe the sale of the plane could include a solution that goes into service.
If the plane disintegrated at 35000 feet then the fuel would have evaporated before it hit the ground (or water, in this case). Since there is a fuel slick on the water and assuming it is from the missing plane, then I would argue that the plane DID NOT disintegrate at 35000 feet but rather crashed into the water after some traumatic event at cruising altitude. Imagine all of the fuel on that plane traveling 650 miles per hour at 35000 feet... how far would the trade winds have carried it before it finally touched water or land? No, the plan crashed into the ocean.
Of course not - the plane will not disintegrate. Unless it was a nuclear bomb, no detonation device can just disintegrate an entire plane. The only logical explanation, which is hard for people to believe, is that they encountered what JAL flight 1628 encountered - a UFO. These were most likely hostile Greys who abducted them and brought them to Dulce, New Mexico where the US government agreed to partner with Aliens for technology, in exchange for some humans that they abduct for experimentation. Search 'Phil Schneider' who was assassinated to tell his story. This is a big cover-up.
what is yor evidence for abduction of this plan jackoff?
I agree, even a SAM or hellfire missile can't disintegrate an airplane let alone a bomb.
Wouldn't the radar tracked the plane from 35000ft to 0ft?
Chris radar only tracks objects within its range.
Would dumping fuel look like the slicks they are seeing?
I would venture that if it disintegrated at altitude, there would not be material available for radar to bounce off it. Little pieces don't show up. Where is the evidence it seemed to turn around? Inattention to radar at the hand-off point with Viet Nam could have been a problem, and someone just didn't do their job correctly. I wouldn't think that area is awfully busy in the time allotment for the flight. There is so much we don't know, just guessing is not very productive.
I can't help but think that somebody knows something, and the fact that they're not talking should reveal something. E.g.: military radars don't rely on transponders; did they indeed see a turn? US satellites routinely monitor for the flash that might be an explosion, or a missile launch. Did we see a flash? If there was no flash, and we saw a turn, then there will be no debris because that plane went somewhere unplanned. And if our government isn't releasing evidence of a hijacking in progress, that could be because they're trying to end it before it becomes public. Interesting.
Interesting observation. Satellites should pick up on anything going on... are they not looking for these kind of clues?
"The United States extensively reviewed imagery taken by American spy satellites for evidence of a mid-air explosion, but saw none, a U.S. government source said. The source described U.S. satellite coverage of the region as thorough." Prolly should read everything be for you post folks.
This sounds like a good theory. I hope that you're right. If so, thr passengers are still alive.
Don't forget the oil spill that was spotted. The plane could have just went down without an explosion. Hopefully, it has been hijacked and the people are ok and will be set free. But if it did turn and go somewhere else, wouldn't it have been on radar?
The point is it really could be on radar, but governments aren't releasing the info. As long as we're spitballing this thing - could a nuclear device be on board ready to detonate over any country in the world? That might be a good reason to keep it quiet as long as possible. The entire world would come to a halt looking for a plane ready to take out DC, London, Paris, Moscow, Beijing. The device could have been loaded by radical Muslims working at the Malaysian airport. The radicals don't even have to be on board to detonate it. The bomb itself could have come from Pakistan, Russia, even Israel if Netty really wants to create a false flag event to blame the Iranians. The plane might have flown into South America or even North Korea - ready to take off again unless the demands of the hijackers are met. And what would the world's military's do - shoot down a plane with a nuke on board? (Not to worry folks - I'm a murder mystery author with a very vivid imagination.)
I suppose just about anything is possible in this crazy world of ours.
Maybe it was snatched out of the air by a UFO.
Speculation like that led to the WMD hunt and a massive loss of freedoms. @ Sage, he basically said we cannot trust what our government says is true. You soaked up the one line in print so readily as fact yet what is your approval rating of our government? There should be a conflict there.
9/11/2001!! PLANES don't dISAPPEAR!! EVEN W sUPER THERMITE! or wait im confused!
I lived 5 years in Malaysia and for the record they are very happy and peaceful people , they are however the most lazy people on Earth, there men at home while there women working, but again they are good people. i don't think they should lead the search , let China try
because most of the non-chinese malay only wants to pray the whole day and let the chinese and indian malay do the work.
There IS a reason why security is NOT as tight as it should, or could be. Not even American govt is trusted the world over. Stuff like this happens b/c govts and their CIA FBI ETC, and underground affiliates just cant be trusted. Names and numbers showing up on lists that are maintained by other countries....some are true, and some are not, and I suppose somewhere in there, hense the lack of security is, the international spy community, and let's not forget terrorists and assassins; kickbacks, payoffs, and bribes. That being said.... You'd think they all would have more, and greater technology in those little black boxes. Even if the boxes didn't collect information, some could be assigned for beacon purposes only, perhaps some with delayed power cells (like some medications). But, as it stands they aren't revealing much of anything
American govt cannot be trusted because of "all" the thugs in Washington !
This whole bizarre tragedy reminds me of stories about the "Bermuda Triangle", where ships have disappeard without a trace, leaving no evidence behind. I find the mid-air disintegration theory hard to buy, because there would stil be wreckage, and in you'd think it would actually be easier to find, since it would be scattered over a larger area. The only way I could see it breaking up in the air and not leaving any wreckage would be if it was blown up by a sizeable bomb, so that there were no large pieces left.
That and those rumors have ALL be de bunked! Yes there are magnetic fields there, but no planes ever disappeared there. There were pirates for years taking boats there and killing the crew, they found the pirates and the gangsters who were doing those crimes and no one has vanished there ever since!
Sounds more like people smuggling. Cheapest ticket regardless of the flight time. Not to mention the rather pointless 4th flight from Amsterdam outwards....Why fly nice airlines like Emirates when you can fly a second rate one like MAS and KLM. Though much better than a 5th rate American airline with rip off prices and no amenities in the flight.
THERE HAS TO BE SIZABLE PIECES OF WRECKAGE, SOMETHING THAT LARGE DOES NOT TOTALLY DISINTEGRATE , THERE HAS TO BE A TOILET, ENGINE PIECES, WHEELS, SOMETHING. (JUST SAYING)
@ Paul...true...but most of those pieces that you reference would NOT float...they would immediately sink. None of those pieces are big enough that when sitting on the bottom, they would show up on any sonar sweeps of the area.
seats, insulation, stuff in people's luggage
I would think that had it broken up at 35,000 feet, there would be greater chance for debris to be seen, as opposed to it sinking into the ocean in one piece. The fact that no beacon signal has been picked up is quite strange. I was criticized for posting yesterday that what we know so far leads me to believe a catastrophic event, such as a bomb, may have taken place, and I'll stand by that assumption for now.
A "bomb"?That's too cheesy and cliché--think bigger:UFOS!
The beacon signal can be manually turned off.
No it can't Kenny - the 'beacon' is not the transponder. There are 2 sets of 2 VR/DR's one BENAETH the cockpit, and one near the tail in the fuselage...
Ok, so is there anything that would cause a huge plane like this one to disappear into thin air? Liquid nitrogen maybe. Isn't it possible that terrorists would have something that can do that? Remember how the twin tower buildings almost disintegrated with the fuel from the planes that hit them? Anything is possible now that most countries have high technology and all kinds of chemicals.. The only thing that would be left is the fuel/oil from the plane and that is what they see in the ocean. I hope they look into all possible reasons for this awful disaster.
Airport security should not just be left up to the little individual country, it has to be an international effort. I don't know the answers but this is so unfortunate. Yes and I agree with this other post that an Asian person can certainly be from a non-Asian country, since when is that an oddity. I kind of don't get that logic by Hamidi. More of a joint effort - a huge joint international effort, needs to be put in place immediately.
You don't know how you will react until it happens to you . I will never forget the time my bro called to tell me mom had a massive stroke and was on life support in the ICU . My world just stopped . It was like living in slow motion . I was a few days away from being able to fly out and be with her and the rest of the family . That three days was a blur . You are alive but not really coherent . I just remember playing the words over and over again in my mind that " my mom was dyeing " . I was 35 and she was 65 . This was 14 yrs ago . When I finally arrived at the ICU and looked at all the tubes sticking out of her with all the monitors encircled around her it was like being in a nightmare that I could not wake up from . She was in a coma and brain dead . The prognosis was nil . If she came out of the coma she would be brain dead and a vegetable . The part of the brain that was most damaged was the part that basically tells you that you are human and you live on planet earth . After much debate we decided the merciful thing to do was to "pull the plug " . She went to her reward 5 days later . Do yourself a favor and never watch them take off life support from someone you dearly love . It is not like the movies . It is horrific and I will carry that pain to my grave . The body fights to survive and breathe even when the brain checks out . lastly do your family a favor and make out a will . My mother had no instructions or wishes to be carried out in the event of a medical emergency . No power of attorney in place , etc . My oldest bro had to take on the responsibility of deciding what to do . The old aunts / uncles were not happy . It broke our family apart . When it comes to unexpected tragedy I know how it feels . You don't imagine that it can happen to you until it happens to you .
Thank you for posting this , i greatly appreciate it. Im going to die soon, and i have not put anything in writing, i was putting it off until i read this. thank you so much.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. Assuming that the ID thieves didn't tamper with the original passport photos of these men, I too am perturbed that airport security checks didn't catch this. Imagine Jackie Chan walking up to an airport security checkpoint and presenting a passport with a photo of Ben Affleck. Really? They didn't catch this? I'm sure there are plenty of people of Asian decent who hold Austrian or Italian passports, but that wasn't the case here.
Why that would be politically incorrect and it would require way too much common sense.
Who said they didnt change the picture? You are assuming.
The space shuttle Columbia disintegrated in mid-air and they were able to find large pieces of it.
If it had been over the ocean, it would have taken at least this long.
The lack of any debris could actually be a good sign.. with a successful hijacking where they were able to avoid radar and land somewhere the people would be alive.. But where could they land without anyone knowing???
If someone had hijacked it they would have notified the airlines or authorities already.
You could do a water landing in shallow water just off some small island in the area and no one would know.
Two things; 1. If it had broken up at 35,000 feet then there would be debris everywhere and one of the search planes or ship would have found something by now. 2. If an American had said this "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces" we would be reading a racial discrimination article right now. - They'll find them eventually, that's a big area with some deep water. Unfortunately the amount of time that has passed doesn't point to a good outcome.
I'm guessing Malaysia doesn't have the anti discrimination laws we do. That could happen in the US with everyone worrying about offending someone and getting sued. I've had a missed flight at the Delta Terminal in Houston/George Bush where the terminal people wanted a bribe to get me on the next plane. That whole darn terminal of Delta people including the Station Mgr. were in on it. Seriously, it was after Katrina and Rita and they were missing the extra cash. Delta didn't even care when I called to tell them what happened on the upper tier medallion member line and the airport police even took a report. Continental got me home but even they said employees get caught all the time taking bribes. Yet here in the US we worry about an 80 year old women with nail clippers and moms with breast milk. Me -I always worried about the TSA, the airline people and the cargo in the plane.
IAH was closed for almost 5 days after Katrina moron, I know I worked at CO. Rita didn't happen until weeks later #$%$.
GMF - Reread what he wrote dimdum! ...He just said after Katrina & Rita - NOT right away! Nastiness doesn't become you!
If the plane is still around, and there are still survivors.. They must be in an area where there is no cell phone signal at all. Or people will get called some how. That is one point. Second, if they went into sea, , there must be debris or someone who can swim at least a little bit.. but that was not found either.. Third, if they were hijacked, terrorists should already be demanding something.. but that didn't happen either. Forth, if it is North Korea, it should be American plan, but that is Malaysian,.. it does not seem that they would capture that plan. What country can really block all international signal besides Korea.. don't think there is any Fifth, when they lost signal, it was above sea level. So most likely the plane went into see in full force and hit some heavy objects or rock down in the ocean, therefore there are no debris, no phone calls, no survivors, and no air planes were found.
There are so many things that don't add up here: "Malaysia's air force chief said the Beijing-bound airliner may have turned back from its scheduled route before it vanished from radar screens." If the pilot was going to turn back from the scheduled route, the pilot would have notified someone via radio communication unless it was someone forcing the pilot to do it and not allowing the pilot to communicate. We don't know that. "The passenger manifest issued by the airline included the names of two Europeans - Austrian Christian Kozel and Italian Luigi Maraldi - who, according to their foreign ministries, were not on the plane." Hello!! Asians having the names of Luigi Maraldi and Christian Kozel on their passports? Anyone who works immigration with half a brain knows that an Asian would not have surname like Maraldi or Kozel unless it were a woman who was married. It just wouldn't add up. I read yesterday a submarine was supposed to be headed to the area to help out. If there is anything under water, they will spot it.
EXACTLY WHAT I WAS THINKING!!!... So therefore the possibility it was hi-jacked by the two people with fake passports. Makes me sick. All these low lifes stealing others identity and doing unthinkable things. Even killing other innocent people.
Ok REUTERS, why don't you try reading your own written reports before speaking in public. Anyway, 1. the passports were STOLEN from tourists in Thailand, not lost. 2. The US satellites did pick it up and know exactly where it went down. Malaysia's technology is #$%$ because they copy everything just like Thailand and laugh at the stupid Americans who dump all of their tax money from hard working Americans into inventing things and technology that SE Asians then copy. Who's laughing now?
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," I'm confused by the question of their Asian appearance being incompatible with their nationality. In the age of globalism, where any one can immigrate and receive citizenship from another country, why would someone's appearance and nationality be a serious question? A logical thinking person isn't going to assume, "Hey, an Asian. Hmm, an Austrian Asian!? There's no way such a thing is possible!"
well they have to be politically correct
..and Austrian Asian and an Italian Asian? what's the probability both would be on the same flight?
Bee Gee... hi mate. A much smaller chance for Italian Asian, but 12% of Australia is of Asian descent... that's a LOT.
I am a Korean face with an American name and speak perfect English. Does that make me suspicious?
More of interest than a more boring appearance.
pxielchild- we're talking about Austria here, mate, not Australia. Btw, congrats on the series win against the Proteas. A- what's an American name? Oh western name you mean? You're more likely to find your type in America but not so many in Europe-- that too in two different countries.
Sweet, pixelchild, you made a common mistake. There are even T-Shirts sold in Austria saying: "There are no Kangaroos in Austria." ;-). But nonetheless I was also asking myself the same question, that appearence alone is no hint for nationality anymore.
use your common sense, you morons.
He's upset. Let it go, k.....
Got to say it to be the devils advocate- But this seems awfully fishy that a plane just went down and there is absolutely no information they had. Either the country is incompetent and totally just lost a plane, OR there is some type of cover up. Maybe there was someone on the plane that knew to much about a company or government and had plans to expose them and the corporation or gov had to make it look like an accident. Lets not be naive to think that this never happens anywhere in the world. Anyone ever watch Cloud Atlas when the man goes onto the plane and puts the bomb on because there was one guy on the plane that was going expose a huge corporations bad deeds. I am not saying this is how it happened but I think it is a question that should be asked because so many people lost loved ones so unexpectedly and answers are needed.
Or it was hijacked and they really don't know where it is.
-Greg- True but if it was really hijacked why would a group not take credit for it, terrorists only tool they have on the masses is fear, and by not saying they are responsible generates no fear...Look what Bin Laden did to the United States population, people are now scared to get on a plane if they see another Muslim. That is fear and that is all terrorists can create.
Charlie, You do know that Cloud Atlas wasn't real, referencing a fiction movie as support is like me using the Wizard of OZ to suggest that flying monkeys are stealing my shingles.
-Obviously it was not real. And you comparing it with Wizard of Oz is just missing the point I was trying to make. You obviously live in this fantasy world where you think the United States is only good and never have killed any innocent women and children (please tell that to the people in the middle east). And in my comment I was saying I was playing devils advocate. I was throwing out an idea it is better than bashing Muslims because people are blaming them ( I know I would receive more likes for a comment bashing Muslims but sorry I am not that ignorant or stupid)
Charlie, you do not know what the terrorists might be planning and it may have been a Chinese group according to some news agencies. Who knows what they might want or be up to. It's impossible to tell at this time what really happened.
it is a terrorist act.Most probably the two hijackers were trying to steal the plane and use it as in 9/11 case to attack Beijing central party meeting where all Chinese leader converge for their yearly meeting on national policy.Just imagine if the plot is successful China will be without leader politically,economically and militarily,another word paralyse temporarily.
Absolutely horrifying and I can't even imagine being at home or at an airport waiting for my loved one, my coworker, friend, and waiting and waiting. Then getting sent into another room to be told that the jet I've been waiting for has "disappeared" and they believe it has crashed somewhere. Making it worse is the unknown of "accidental" crash or bomb/forced/terrorist-caused crash. As far as the passengers who'd either stolen other people's passports or had bought them, and then were passed through Security: this ISN'T unusual, unfortunately for the rest of us. My European friend tells me that some countries regularly let people go through without even looking at the people's passports. And not only some European country's airport Security, but this happens around the world. For Some Reason. Security/Immigration/Border Patrol is ONLY as good as the people who are working those positions. And again, 100% unfortunately for the majority of us around the world, there are plenty of Security Agents who do NOT care who goes through their Security Gates. Plenty who are taking money to let someone go through Security without being thoroughly checked BY Security. If the jet disintegrated in flight, was it not checked BEFOREHAND THOROUGHLY? Deepest sorrow for the families and friends of the passengers and flight crew.
I know nothing of aviation or the mechanics thereof but the reports I heard was that at the point in which the aircraft was "lost", the plane was on auto-pilot so how in the world could there not be any evidence of explosion, wreckage or anything? You would think that the pilot(s) would have had enough time to signal 'mayday' or some other distress signal if it was mechanical...just a thought...
I know people get mad at the security check points. It is a hassle and I fly a lot. But when I worked for the TSA my goal was to make sure everyone that got on that plane was safe. I had a heightened sense of security for them all as a mother whose son was deployed two times already. Sandy has such words of wisdom. I pray for the families at a horrible time like this. I kissed my son good bye for his third deployment and said, "I will see you again. Oh, what the heck give me another kiss and hug." That day in May of 2010 was the last time I saw and hugged him. Always tell your loved ones you love them, you never know.
Joyce, I am sorry, but I believe your son is constantly smiling down on you....god bless you...
I don't know if what you're saying is that your son's still where he was sent (deployed) and he hasn't come home yet, or IF you're saying otherwise. . . And, IF you're saying 'otherwise', my deepest condolences to you and yours.
Eva and Catch22, no he was KIA in July 2010. When I see those poor people on the news I know they are numb and in shock and there is nothing, nothing we can do for them. I hurt to see their hurt.
I read 2 days ago that a black box signal was being received and difficulties homing in on it were explained. What happened to that, did the signal prematurely die? It's not like the plane went into hyperspace or something.
At 35000 ft traveling at 550 mph.. even if a massive bomb blew the aircraft up there would be seat cushions, luggage, clothes that would have survived the fall and break-up of the aircraft...There would be debris scattered but after 3 days they should have found something.
Now let's take a peek at these security issues...Visa and Masterbatercard and the rest of these vampire credit card companies have no problem "authorizing" your purchases...they are more than happy to make it happen in almost negative time, from any swamp or jungle or mountain or village store, or cab or concert or flea-market or bar,.... on the planet. Any where, any time. But no, let's not make it a priority or even necessity to do this with a database system for passports? It's time to have instantaneous finger-print or retina readers, end of story. I didn't think it was possible for stupidity retrograde, but maybe I was drunk at the time?
#$%$ off commie go back to the ussr
Commie? How did you get commie and USSR out of my post? You R spankin; the monkey too much, losing your "vision"
Not since jet air travel first came to be in the 1950's when to Comet was found to have a fatal structural error, do jet airliners just disintegrate in midair without an exceptional reason. Did it have a bomb or faulty wiring in a fuel tank, did an engine fail and cause the jet to depart controlled flight in such a way to break up the plane? The answers not going to come without a massive and expensive diving salvage operation.
Photon torpedo could have done it.
Sometimes the reason for a crash isn't exceptional. Moments after takeoff in Chicago an American Airlines DC-10 had an engine detach from the plane due to a simple maintenance mistake. And an American Airlines Airbus jet crashed moments after takeoff from JFK due to the pilot pushing the rudder too hard. Neither of those accidents occurred at 35,000 feet, but they indicate how a simple human error can defeat significant aviation technology. But you're right that this one will require a massive and expensive salvage operation. Crashes over the ocean are the hardest to solve.
I disagree -- at least with your second example (I don't know anything about the first). Take off and landing is where most crashes occur, like your JFK example. This one was cruising well into its flight path, which would almost certainly indicate an exceptional circumstance. Think about it: cruising at high altitude and no pilot communication, no debris pattern, etc. By definition, that's an exceptional circumstance.
As a very frequent flier I don't disagree. Anything other than a normal takeoff and landing is exceptional. My point was simply that what happened to this flight isn't necessarily a deliberate human act.
Nothing is absolute, terrorism is a possibility but only that. Faulting wiring in a fuel tank caused a mid flight explosion of the eastern seaboard that many thought was terrorism till the salvage effort proved otherwise. A plane disappeared into the Pacific a few years back with no warning, it turned out to be faulty altimeter reading to the autopilot that just drove the plane in the sea. Time and a throughout investigation will be the only way to answer the question.
My only problem with the terrorist theory is that usually by now the terrorist are on tv or the web taking credit for what they did. So far nothing.
Does anyone remember seeing a movie starring Julienne Moore in which the plane she was flying in was seized and brought inside of a giant UFO? No passengers remembered what had happened and it was a lost time thing. She started having memories surface and was being labeled unbalanced. And then there was Rod Serling's Twilight Zone and that troll hammering on the wing.
There is a better TwilightZone Episode that fits into this. It is called Odyssey of flight33. It is about can't land because it hits a big hole or light.. then it went into the past - dinosaur age, then the pilot tried again, then it went to 1914 (around war time), .. then they have to try again.. that is the end.
Use your spy satellites, seriously, you want the world to believe that you lost a jumbo jet.
This comment of the United States reviewed imagery is interesting: The United States extensively reviewed imagery taken by American spy satellites for evidence of a mid-air explosion, but saw none at all, an authoritative U.S. government source said. The source described U.S. satellite coverage of the region as thorough. So am I to understand that any plane in the sky is actually on film and can be viewed at a latter time if needed. Wow a whole new meaning of EYE IN THE SKY
Just another reason to be concerned about the government's ability to violate your privacy!
I am sure all military aircraft movement is monitored, civilian planes probably dismissed. an Explosion however shoud have a much larger footprint and shockwaves too.
Now that the US confirmed that spy satellites did not spot an explosion this is becoming even more of a mystery. The US has extensive satellite coverage in this area. Any missile or small explosion would be noticed.
Who? Who? Who? You're calling me a dope. Read your posts again. See "who's" the real dope.
Facts,1. The plane came down controlled or uncontrolled somewhere. Not necessarily over water. 2. Whomever is in charge needs to expand the search area. They also should calculate all possible areas the plane could have flown to based on fuel load and send out search parties accordingly.
I refuse to believe that in this day and age, when we're talking about sending people to Mars for Pete's sake, that we don't have a GPS that would work for a significant amount of time and in deep water.
If the sea is not turning out anything, why not try scouring the thick forest jungle of Southeast Asia?
Has anyone checked with North Korea - they could have hijacked the plane and flown it under the radar back to their country - I wouldn't put anything over that crazy weirdo.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. Due to Malaysia's bumi policies and race based policies many Malaysian minorities (Chinese, Indians) have emigrated to other countries. Many still have links to Malaysia and do visit. So an Asian holding a western passport is probably a common sight to immigration at KLIA. This is assuming the passport photos have been changed and are not still white guys in which case the immigration officers are idiots.
with the names christian and luigi?
Lots of Asian kids adopted by westerners have western sounding names.
I thought there was a mechanism in the black box that authorities could activate to try and locate it. I wonder why that hasn't been done yet.
It was so catastrophic it was destroyed along with all debris
If the Black Boxes are still intact they can send a signal under water called a Ping and ships with the right sonar can pick up the signal but the battery powering the unit can only last so long.
It's activated by default. Debris or alike jams the signal. Over time, it goes out.
I thought it would be active for longer than 72 hours for situations like this.
can someone out there please explain to me how it is possible for someone to use a stolen passport (according to one report - the two passports involved were stolen up to 2 years ago in Thailand!). I mean, if you had your passport stolen in Thailand you had to get a replacement before you could leave Thailand for either Italy or Austria. Aren't you given a NEW passport number???? If not, how could a stolen passport number when swiped by an immigration officier not be red flagged????
This plane didn't just disintegrate, that's the best they can come up with? Seems to look more like an elaborate plan to make it look like it crashed. So they turned off the transponder so the aircraft disappeared from radar, descended to about 8,000 to 10,000 ft, dumped fuel, tossed out an emergency exit door then flew to one of the many small islands in the area, possibly Philippines, then ditched it in the sea close to shore and brought the people ashore.
Are you writing a new TV show called "Lost 2"? Get real and come back to earth. The plane disintegrated due to a bomb.
Nice imagination. I wish it is true.
The only thing unprecedented about this is that it was a 777 and in this particular area. There have been several previous similar crashes over the years.
Why wasn't the two stolen passport numbers not blocked for traveling to China? It is known that any one with stolen passport wish to travel to the US will be blocked. Why this doesn't apply to China? The fight against terrorist in the world seems only applies to terrorists attack the US and not for China? Why? Chinese people don't worth as much as Americans? Why Chinese government is so weak in this matter? Why Chinese people are so quiet about this matter?
Not a china problem.they were let on the plane in malaysia,it is Malaysia's duty. China does not have its customs on the ground in Malaysia as The US has in Canada.
They were traveling to China not leaving China.
Chinese GOV. will learn this. Because it is never happened before in China.
From now on, China should adopt the same security measure as what the US is doing and takes no compromise and chance whatsoever.
Diana and W. This is not happening in china.It is not Chinas concern till the plane lands in china. You guys can not think?
If this happening to a flight with mostly the victims are Americans, the rescue effords would be a lot more different than the way it is handled now. American fighter jets, aircraftcarriers would in place long time ago regardless which territory it is or where the plane is crashed.
I'm sorry, but the stolen passports 'theory' doesn't make sense. Just like the only passport found after 9/11, from the 'incinerated' towers, was found completely 'in tact'. That said, I have information of my own that leads me in a different direction. But, that's just me...believe what you will. That said, I just feel terribly bad for the people of the families that have been hounded by the press. If they (press) had 'any respect, 'which I doubt' these people are uncertain and grieving, so just leave them alone until they get closure. My prayers and thoughts are with 'them and their loved ones' at this time, and not the inconclusive evidence.
If US satellites didn't see any explosion then the plane most likely didn't have a fiery explosion so that rules out explosives or collision with extraterrestrial objects or fallen space debris. If there are terrorists they must have released gas that disabled the flight crew. If not then a suicidal plunge but then the Malaysian military radar should have picked up a falling jet for several minutes.Its time to deploy sonar to search for the submerged and probably fairly intact jet.
It still doesn't rule out alien abduction. Those two guys in fake passports could have been aliens in disguise.
There was no collision. This was an alien abduction. Search "JAL flight 1628" and "Phil Schneider". Paul Hellyer - Canadian Defense Minister confirms UFOs are real, and the US should stop the cover-up. Sure the US satellites all seeing eye got it, but they will not disclose it.
falling from 35000 ft the plane isnt gonna be intact at all the force of the fall would tear the wings off the plane u have wreckage every where
'Probably intact jet' - what a ridiculous statement.
If the plane weren't at least somewhat intact there would be a large debris field. Lots of things on a plane float.
@ Broob is there a r in your name?
A small C4 shoe bomb detonated in one of the aft toilets at 35,000 feet would tear apart the entire rudder/elevator assembly instantly rendering the aircraft completely out of control - as well as causing the fuselage to sequentially disintegrate from internal pressure. The explosion would be far enough away from the fuel tanks so there wouldn't be a "catastrophic explosion" event. As is typical is loss of control surface crashes, especially at altutude, the pilots would be so confused trying to sort out the problem that, if they were still alive at that point, they would probably ride the aircraft down without radio contact or mayday calls.
Finally some cogent thoughts. Thank you, Cirotora.
@Cirotora, gee, I guess you kinda ruined the other few poster replies about Alien Abduction....
Why does the media have to get in front of the victim's families and take pictures? Life isn't hard enough to have some souless individual in front of you, taking snap shots of you lying on the floor sobbing? Is it impossible to be somebody that cares first? Moments in time need to be captured for story purposes, but we don't need a picture of families to know the pain they are enduring with lost family. Hope you guys are happy you made a buck on this. Hope it never happens to you.
I agree. Makes me wonder where the pursuit of that "money shot" ends and empathy and sympathy for fellow man begin.
There now is enough circumstantial evidence, to draw an early conclusion about what happened to flight MH370; as follows: (1) Even if there was a massive explosion at 35000 ft., there still would be some debris, and flotsam somewhere in a two hundred mile circle. But, America as a Flash Detector system that circumvents the world, and no explosion was detected. (2) Therefore, Terrorists must have captured flight MH370 to use for an attack against assets on the mainland. The pilots followed the terrorist orders to turn the plane, but secretly dumped the fuel, and tipped the airplane to toss the terrorists, and knife the plane into the ocean....calculate how far the plane can fly while the fuel is dumping, and how low it has to be to knife through the surface with out breaking into detectable pieces. (3) Five passengers did not board the plane, and their luggage had to be removed.....waterboard them.
ourjungle, your theories #1 and #2 are serious possibilities IMO. The Lockerbie bombing showed what happens when a bomb rips apart an aircraft in mid-air.
I don't know much about airplanes but how does one just 'disintegrate' in mid flight?
It happens via catastrophic failure of its structural integrity. Triggered by an explosion of some kind (bomb or failed component) or stress fractures finally taking its toll, combined with the shearing force of air at 750MPH. I suspect you and many others are confusing "disintegrate" with "vaporize."
^^ find that hard to believe. when what goes up must come down especially when it wasn't lights away from the planet. either incompetent ppl are investigating or they're not telling the truth.
The only thing "unprecedented" is that some countries still ignore warnings that a passport has been stolen and let someone, sorry two, get onto a plane! This is nothing short of criminal negligence.
"What we have done is actually look into the recording on the radar that we have and we realized there is a possibility the aircraft did make a turnback," Not sure how it works in Asia but a pilot just does not turn a plane around without relaying that to the airline dispatcher and the air traffic controller. If the pilots had any inclination that there was a problem, one that requires landing at the closest airport, one of them would have radio that back. The only logical explanation is the plane blew up or it broke apart instantly.
Yulb, the pilot probably wasn't in control of the aircraft at that time. Probably someone else was
The comment that the plane disintegrate at 35,00 is way out of line. How is it that there are 2 trails of fuel in the water? That is because the plane was just above the water surface. Someone else comment about that lack of debris. There would be no large debris field if the plane crash into the water intact. If it blew up in the sky, there would be debris everywhere. There are too many inaccurate statements reported by too many people, particularly the media and their speculations.. Find the plane and find the answers.
Most of the speculation is from the posters here! Can't miss an opportunity to make up stories and freak out!
I wouldn't be surprised if it is found by Friday of this week. What about it coming down on land in a remote area more of less intact? That's possibly why search planes haven't located any debris on the water.
"We have stopped men with false or stolen passports and carrying explosives, who have tried to get past KLIA (airport) security and get on to a plane," he said. "There have been two or three incidents, but I will not divulge the details." It only takes once.
Makes me think of how many dodgy passports/passengers have been allowed onto flights over the years. This is all very strange. Hope they find something soon, those poor families...they need some closure on this.
Has anybody looked in North Korea?
I feel so bad for those people who were on that plane, I can't even imagine what they went through. Only hope they find the black box so maybe something will be known about what happened. My thoughts & prayers now are with the families.
I think we'll find that this plane came apart at 600 MPH at 30,000 feet. This would spread the debris minutely all over the place. This plane did not auger in the ocean. There would not be any "oil slick" based on my theory--it would evaporate. Lighter portions would be carried by winds, heavy portions would be spewed out far from the event sight through propelled energy This plane was either blown up or hit with a missile from Korea or some other country like China by mistake or.
Parts like engines, landing gear, would remain largely intact. The next landfall after South China Sea is Viet Nam, just farmland and villages. And no one saw anything?!
What war ships was in the area, they used as a training sight and somebody hit the switch( happen on TWA NY or UFO took it
Martin: Landing gear and engines would not float--I think they would sink like a rock!
The significance about what is written here is that persons with stolen or fake Identification had already tried to embark the Kuala Lumpur by air travel with explosives, this airport may of been by terrorist standards a soft target.
OK, let's say it was a terrorist act and a explosion occurred at 35,000 feet. The blast would propel debris for a hundred miles in every direction. Parts of the aircraft such as the landing gear , engines and tail assembly should have fallen into the sea somewhat intact and be easily recognized once located. The whole World is looking for the aircraft because everyone wants to know what happened. These searches take time, It's a huge ocean. It's despicable that the media fills that void with images of grieving families laced with speculation. Let the pro's do their jobs and report information that is relevant. Leave the families alone....
This happened in a body of water surrounded by land on 3 sides, not the middle of the Atlantic Ocean!
How about they quickly overpower the pilots, stop pilots from sending mayday help and during the chaos to secure the control the plane lost altitude and glide intact in the waters
This happened no where near the Atlantic, and wasn't all that far from the Pacific so...
Who Cares where it happened? Who did it?
That oil slick is from a tanker illegaly dumping its bilg oil, they can trace shipping movements, they could have seen something but afraid to speak up because of the ellegal dumping & massive fines, plane fuel would either burst in a ball of fire or dissapate in the air and not leave much of a spill, They will find it, and no its not in another country, other radar would have picked it up. If this is anyway connected with Islamics, the chinese dont care about religious rights, all islam will be eradicated from china in a disapearing act.
"Italian and Australian passports but with Asian faces....." In the US that would be called 'racial profiling' and someone would be sued. Weird to see this comment and how the rest of the world treats racial profiling. I guess the US is the only one with the problem?
While a plane can certainly break up, they don't disintegrate and leave nothing. The fuel/oil slick wouldn't be there in one neat area if that was the case as it would be vaporized as well and not all in the same place in the ocean. If the plane was breaking up and it wasn't a bomb, the pilot would have some warning as it doesn't happen instantly and if it did break up it doesn't "vaporize" where there is nothing. A bomb however in the front section would have given them no warning.
Regarding passport control - all countries I have visited in my life have the passports checked when you leave the country, or in the event the EU the Schengen countries when you leave the EU. Only the US has only an officer who checks if the name on the ticket and the Passport matches, there is no swiping of letters and numbers on page 4. Plus you have to show the passport at the airline agent when checking in. If the US would check the passport on the way out, the US could find out immediately is someone has overstayed their visa and put them on a no-entry for the next try to come in. I do not understand how 2 people with European passports and pictures could use the stolen passport. so the database in KL is not linked to the Interpol database. This is rather disturbing, and gives wrong security. Whatever the cause of the accident was its terrible for the families I was on a AF flight on Tuesday from JFK to CDG, when after 40 minutes flight to pilot announced that because of technical difficulties to plane had to return to JFK. than 10 minutes later the pilot announced that there was smoke in the cockpit. We landed safely, they tried to repair the plane, I left the plane after 3 hours waiting. And yes it was a Boeing 777
Unprecedented mystery? Give them a week or two to find the black boxes, then we will probably find out that this is, yet again, the work of the practitioners of the religion of peace.
The curse of the 21st century. Pigs with beards.
Are you saying that Southern Baptists blew up the plane?
At the very least, I hope this serves as a wakeup call about passports. It's unacceptable that in this day and age stolen passports are not rendered useless and do not trigger alarms when scanned. I mean whats the point in have a passport it the first place??
The real point of Passports (and most security measures) is to keep the honest people honest, and to keep the pubilc scared into thinking that they need Government to protect them. A criminal will always find a way around security measures (like passports) while the law-abiding citizens will suffer by trying to do things the legal way.
The story contradicts a comment I read in another story about high altitude breakup decreasing, rather than increasing the likelihood of finding debris. At altitude the debris would fall over a large area so I would think it would be much more obvious. Of course the metal would sink, but all the cushions, etc. would float would they not? Terrorist or not, you have to wonder what this Iranian "Ali" is up to; paying in cash as a regular customer.
Unprecedented? Don't think so. How about that Air France plane disappearing over the Atlantic west of Africa? Turned out to be frozen Pitot tubes. It might presently be an unknown, but it's NOT unprecedented.
Google "MH370 A phone call to a passenger was connected but nobody answered" and click on mirror.co.uk's article. They have a video of a relative made the call.
There wasn't any connection. The phone just rang. Doesn't mean much.
Instead of blaming officials who think or not,make the interpol data available when a passport is verified and raise a flag if passports are stolen. This is a global world and there are American citizens who are from around the world and so is with many other countries. Why can't there be Asian faces as citizens of Italy or Austria or any other country in this world? How dumb.
"She told the newspaper she did not think Mr Ali, who paid her in cash and booked tickets with her regularly, was linked to terrorism." No, not suspicious at all...
And she didn't even say if he paid in cash during all of his practice runs.... errrr I mean previous "bookings".
saw a movie once where a modern airliner flew through some kind of space time warp into the past. saw another movie where all the passengers and most crew (except pilot of course) disappeared during flight they landed at a deserted airport. then at the end we find that some kind of beasty thing is eating up the world. 'The Langoliers' I think. then of course there is the classic with the passenger looking out the plane window and fearfully saying, 'there is something.....on the wing..... as long as the news continues to publish stories of mystery and the unknown, they leave us to our imaginations. conspirators unite!
That will do what I have no idea what you are talking about?
We all can speculate about everything.1.Smoke in cockpit,no communication.2.Plane broke apart and fell into the ocean,No debri on water.3.Fuel reeased for fuel lick,plane highjacked.4. Like on the Hudson,plane landed safely BUT sunk immediately with all on board no debris. We all will never know until the plane is found if possible.
The fact that we are unable to find any debris so far appears to indicate that the aircraft is likely to have disintegrated at around 35,000 feet....WHEN ARE PEOPLE GOING TO STOP SPECULATING UNTIL THEY GET THE FACTS FIRST. Just because one group could not find any debris does not mean the worst. The worst is that MORONS that say things like this with out any facts or proof is unnecessary and that this also means that another group can still find it, they just have not looked in the right place yet. If by chance the plane did disintegrate, there will be parts to found, no matter what the out come. REPORTERS ARE SUCH MORONS AS IS OFFICIALS THAT MAKE THESE STATEMENTS..
unfortunately , i think that if they had turned around they would have landed somewhere back to where they started or in the southwest. the debris that was posted doesnt look much like the emergency doors of a typical boeing though i could be wrong the boeing escape doors have small rectangles on the upper left or right sides and what i had seen looked more like a square in the dead center which made me uncomfortable, it looked like a window but im not sure. this is truly an awful event and i would never wish it on anyone. I do hope they find the plane with people alive.
This is just wrong. A plane that disintegrates at altitude doesn't just disappear. Papers, seat cushions, small pieces of interior bins, and some aircraft parts will float. They'll fall in a widely scattered pattern that makes them easier to spot. The fact that they haven't seen anything on the surface indicates a smaller, more compact debris field that would be consistent with an intact plane hitting the water. Air France 447 was an example of this, which is why it took 5 days to find any trace of the plane. In the case of the Lockerbie bombing there were pieces of the plane spread out over 25km. I'm not sure who their source is, but it's obviously not an aviation accident expert. Of course, at this point anything is possible. In an area as big as they're searching it would be possible to miss any debris field, large or small. If, despite that fact, someone wants to speculate on what the absence of wreckage on the surface might mean, they should at least get their premises correct.
how do you report things ? look up the topics harassment Are people being used as symbols or representation of things or messags ? For example are really tall person is an adult of very accomplished or powerful individual ? or is it the opposite ? body language is a recognized form of communication sexual harassment - people acting out sexual acts that you find offensive or unwanted or unwelcome threatening behavior - threats being acted out by action instead of words behavior and body language meant to intimidate, threaten and frighten Are they using violence against others to intimidate and frighten Are they making fists at you, or swing their hand into your stomach or staring at your vagina area ? Are they making their lips like the lips of a sexual organ like a vagina ? Are they flashing pictures of sexual images, when you are in the area or looking at the TV ? Are they using colors on the TV to represent political parties or groups of parties ? Are people using a coded language that is meant to communicate a message that is politically motivated ? Do you think message are being communicated through advertising that have an agenda. Are the threats being communicated by associating or the sequencing the messages on TV or commercials ? Are they using offensive gestures or stare or hard glances to communicate a message or tell people to do things as a signal or some kind ? Are colors being used as gang colors or by groups of networks of people Are cars and trucks are being using to communicate messages, are they using empty trucks to mean they are "empty" and the truth is out about what was going on about the events going on ? What is the overall message being communicated ? Do you think the actions are part of a larger message ? Are events being set up ? Are crowds of people bothering you ? Is it more than one or more than one person stalking you or trying to communicate a message by following you. Do you tell them that their behavior is unwanted and offensive and you want them to "stop" ? How long has this psychological terrorism / torture been going on ?
What about all of their cell phones? Can't they pinpoint those locations?
how long does your cell phone work after being dipped in the toilet.
so if they r not getting response that proves they ARE in the ocean
don't worry, they ARE in the ocean.
Might as well throw my theory, that the plane had landed safely somewhere isolated after the alleged turn back that has been detected. Something may have caused the radio to shut off or have deflected radar signals, that could have all be well oriented and planned. which is why i believe theres no debris found anywhere. The whole disintegration thing i just dont get, even a fallen rocket entering the earths atmosphere at a much faster rate doesnt disintegrate completely, i doubt a low flying plane blown up could be traceless and debris-less. I just cant let go of the feeling that they are in need of search and rescue still. Cant imagine the overwhelming anger and brokenness the families are going through with all the media up on their faces. I hope we find answers soon and lay it to rest.
You clearly don't know anything about aircraft. Those things have multiple transponders that have battery back up power. They transmit massive amounts of data constantly. And there is no way in hell the radar waves could be deflected for that type of aircraft. I know the Russians worked on plasma cloaking technology but I'd have to break out my tin foil hat to talk about that. Not to mention ATC tracks all IFR flights especially international ones! If that plane landed in the jungle, I bet the survivors would be trying to make phone calls by now. Plus there are distress beacons for that situation too. I don't believe the disintegration theory either. Debris would be scattered for miles. I bet the pilots nose dived it into the ocean.
Same here...the disintegration theory doesn't make sense to me either. Just hope something is found out soon though. I feel so bad for the families.
Looks like a Muslim suicide deal to me.
This story just gets more and more depressing, as we get closer to finding out what may have happened to these poor souls. Once again, may GOD grant their souls peace. And, may he bring comfort and solace to their loved-ones left behind. But, as many of know, from some things very bad, comes something good! And, in this unfortunate event, the GOOD is the level of cooperation and collaboration that we see so many nations, and people who may have (at one time) looked at each other as mortal enemies, all working together to find out the fate of these passengers. And, if possible, assist in finding any possible survivors. May GOD bless us all!
This is one of the most bizarre things I've ever heard about in a long time. I still can't figure out how a plane, a Boeing 777 no less, just vanishes leaving no trace whatsoever. Just truly bizarre. I can't even begin to imagine what the loved ones of the passengers on this airline must be going through. I've lost loved ones before, but i feel like not knowing the fate of a loved ones is worse. I guess that makes sense. I hope answers are found and if this was indeed foul play, I hope the culprits are punished.
A very bizarre story to say the least. I wonder if we will never know what exactly happened on this fateful flight. We will have conspiracy nut-jobs making a case of whatever satisfies their minds. Look up 9/11.
whats more bizarre is that you can actually type you moron. you definitely didn't go to college
Thumbs down Spank the Monkey. Let me guess....you're one of those troll conspiracy nut-jobs.
It's hard to take a person seriously when their screenname is "Spank the Monkey".
this screams FOUL PLAY..in the history of the boeing 777, there has been 0 fatalities due to mechanical failures..i want to know who was on the plane of political importance..a vip etc....i would bet it was an inside job to get rid of someone or even a few people..
yes i believe the plane went into a wormhole to another dimension a la the Langoliers
What about the emergency beacons that start transmitting if they come in contact with sea water??? No one seems to be saying anything about it!
I just came to the conclusion that we are being kept completely in the dark about the fate of this airliner.
If it had exploded mid air, there would not be two uniform oil slicks 6-9 miles long. There would be a widely dispersed spattering of smaller oil slicks perhaps, but the pattern that has been found would pretty much rule out an explosion at 35,000 feet.
The passengers should have been armed! So should the Pilot and Stews!
They should have profiled the passengers! The BLACK mUSLIM hijacked the plane and had if flown to NORTH KOREA! He wanted asylum and the fat kid granted it just to stir up c hit!
If the craft is found to have been blown out of the sky, American and Eruropean authorities will be the last to say so. Protection of a large economic industry (airlines) and hence tax revenue base is first and foremost priority for American authorities. The goal is to make sure everyone believes it is safe to fly, just as the radioactive water from Japan fouling the west coast is safe to swim in. Sure, radar show the jet turning back. That just interpretation of a jet spriraling downward to its doom.
May there affected families find comfort and peace.
This is still basically old news. It is morning now in Thailand and they should soon be able to fish out the pieces they spotted from the air yesterday at dusk. A confirmation must be made by experts of any and every piece of debris they find in that sea. Oil slick samples have to be tested and confirmed etc. This will tale some time. Also, it is prudent to remember that the first reports of these kinds of tragedies are usually fraught with inaccuracies as reporters rush to get stories and information out. So beware the coming conspiracy theories. The only thing we know for sure at this point is TWO passengers were traveling with stolen passports which suggests only some kind criminal or illegal activity. Given the Thailand./Malaysia./China and through to Amsterdam - my first guess would be sex or drug trafficers. But who knows? Terrorism is everywhere in the world today, so this must also be considered. Waiting for answers is difficult and frustrating. I can't imagine what these families are feeling.
what purpose would terrorist do by bombing a plane with no statement or purpose tho??? I'm just saying as cruel as it may seem terrorist do want to make it known and theres always a purpose (political) reason they do so.
I hope some Boeing officials will be there if and when the found items are tested/identified.
Evon, my thoughts as well. I would think if it was terrorism, that there would be some sort of statement given in some sort of manner. I can't imagine someone bringing down a plane and the sicko's not taking 'credit' for it. It is a horrible tragedy no matter how it went down, but I reallyhope terrorism wasn't the reason.
It was suggested the plane may have broken up or disintegrated due to mechanical failure. If this is so then why was the plane not checked or inspected. Some malfunction or equipment failure should have been noticed. Just saying.
Cant the Vietnamese government take a sample of the oil slick and see if it matches the jet fuel used on this aircraft. Just to see if they are on the right trail. 777's just don't break up at 35000 feet especially given the fact these planes are relatively new. So,... what happened? If it broke up over the water I would think air pockets in all luggage would surface everything that was checked in. Seats are buoyant, so are people and with the currents, ocean predators , whatever, what evidence of a crash over water wont stick around for long.
I wouldn't trust the Vietnamese Govt. with a urine sample.
Maybe North Vietnam was testing a missile and it it just happened to hit the plane. Oops. Just saying.
There's no such thing as North or South Vietnam robert.
Ok Robert. We get it. America lost the war and Vietnam won. It's not called North Vietnam anymore for a reason.
because it was shot down hit with a missile all the debris has vaporized
I believe the Vietnamese will do anything in their power to get this right to gain international credential. I'll trust the Vietnamese more than the Chinese any day.
I was just in Vietnam and while there is not a North and South anymore the citizens there still make distinctions between the two. I would hope that someone would have thought to take a sample of the oil slick and see if it is in fact fuel or oil from an airplane. You would also think there would be some debris floating in the ocean sooner or later. If the plane did disintegrate in mid air there is still luggage, seats, and bodies that cold be found.
you guys are idiots...it was a terrorist bomb that disintegrated the plane.
vietnam doesn't have an advanced missile system, you morons.
Booga, you idiot. they had SAMs in the 1960s and 70s. that is plenty to bring down a 777 (not saying that is what caused it)
we get it, you guys are old foks from the vietnam war era...get over it.
what a bunch of delusional morons
we have a bunch of john rambo's in here
If the plane broke up at 30,000 feet, the debris have scattered in a very wide are, which makes it very difficult to spot small objects like suitcases or even the seats of the planes from the air. It is much easier to see a whole bunch of items in a small area than in a vast area of the ocean. But with 40 ships, if there are debris in the ocean, at least they would have been found by now. Have authorities ever thought about the possibility that the plane crashed on a deserted island or may have dived at such a steep angle that it remains intact except for one door that blew out?
Some of you people watch way to many movies
@Mike You Idiot, SAMs from the 1970s can't reach 35,000 feet altitude.
Jet fuel is jet fuel. No DNA in jet fuel. How could jet fuel explain anything regarding what happened? From the sound of this it most likely was a terrorist attack. I am truly sorry that this happened. I doubt very much that Vietnam had anything to do with this. They have their own problems with China. Never seek trouble, it will always find you!
@Joe it took about 5 days to find any trace of Air France 447 (Airbus A330) and 2 YEARS to find the black boxes in the Atlantic.
This could be a stupid comment, but with all the satellites that are in space don't you think one of them would be able to figure out if the plane exploded?
There were no explosion. Plane is safely landed in some very small island. But malasians are too stupid to figure this out.
sad for the families of those on the flight. Hopefully there will be closure. Hopefully security will be tightened at the airports now. We do not know what happened yet but if it was a plane problem, the pilot would have radioed it especially if they did a U-turn. It certainly does not seem like a mechanical failure. There would have been plenty of time to scream 'May day' at 35,000 feet. Plane like this would not disintegrate by intself
Given some of the friction over oil rights in the South China Sea, and given the proclamation by China of its air defense zone, has anyone thought to look at military operations taking place that day along the aircraft's flight path?
This gets more bizarre every hour they find nothing.
"The fact that we are unable to find any debris so far appears to indicate that the aircraft is likely to have disintegrated at around 35,000 feet," said the source. What an irresponsible statement to have made. There are numerous explanations as to why no debris has been found so far, and while disintegration is a plausible one, there are many families clinging to hope for their loved ones on the chance that one of the other reasons turns out to be the cause. I hope that whenever the "official" that made this statement goes home, his dog bites him.
Sadly this official is not an expert in the field of aviation. If the plane broke up in flight the debris would be found floating on top of the water. More likely it impacted the water and broke up then.
Oh boy ....here come the conspiracy theorists. They may as well just say it's a government conspiracy just so you people can feel better. Life is like a box of chocolates, sometimes you can drop the box and it stays intact for you to pick up and sometimes you've got to tight a grip on it and the box busts open and the chocolate falls everywhere. Instead of jumping to the conclusion that foul play is involved to make life sound so much more exciting, how about letting them do their investigation first, Even though a lot of you are so bent on a corrupt world you won't believe anything that wasn't a conspiracy,
Explain Monsters and Mysteries in America then!
interpol has 39,000,000 missing passports on file. Experts say ANY flight this large in asia will have a least a couple people on it with fake passports. Yet, here the media is going on about that and all the nut jobs are not convinced it MUST have been terrorism. the plane suddenly dropped off rader indicating (But not proving) it broke up in mid-air. So they are CONVINCED it MUST have been a bomb. They have not yet found the plane...even though there are countless records of downed planes being missing for longer...so they are Convinced it was muslim terrorists... Yahoo! comment sections are a terrible place...lol
I prayer that the Almighty God will guide and keep the plane safe so that the passengers on board to be find. I asked that all the government of the people on board and the security working toward the finding of the plane should take courage. Abraham Cheyee from Liberia
Want to hear a weird theory? The area in question is near the area called the Dragons Triangle, the area thats the same as the Bermuda Triangle on the other side of the planet, i said it was weird but a Boeing 777 just does not disappear without some form of wreckage if the plane blew up. This theory is far fetched but you never can tell, also the South China sea has areas of deep water and canyons deep enough to hide Mt. Everest.
Michael, I kinda thought that myself. I watch way to much SciFi and that thought crossed my mind. However TV is not real and this is. I still think that if the plane broke up at 35,000 feet there would be debris somewhere. I just hope all the family members of the passengers and crew of this flight get answers soon.
The more I read about this, the more it seems like either a bomb or it was shot down for some reason. If it was hijacked, the pilots should have had time to radio that in. The only thing that would have stopped the pilots from sending a message would be something sudden and catastrophic.
There would still be some debris somewhere.
or pilots prevent from communicating. but if hijacking is the case, why haven't hijackers made any demands?
At least they went through screening unlike so called underwear bomber, he was not let on plane in Amsterdam by airline personnel at gate (no passport) then later was escorted on plane by well dressed official, over riding standard policies. Body scanners for everyone!
Alien abduction, parallel universe, Bigfoot in the sky.
this definitely is a case of hijacking. common, we've got all these crazy technology that could count the hair on your head from outter space and now cant fight a huge #$%$ plane, come on, wont take this long (3 days and half) to locate the debris from the crash of a triple #$%$ an hijack, a professional hijack; and the hijackers are probably delaying before making demands, cos lets be honest, the longer they wait, the higher the probability of their demands being met immediately they're made. if they hijack and make demands an hour or two or immediately after hijacking, all the government will do is try to locate them. but now everybody's agitated, the government's under fire, the family are miserable. the second the demands are made, it'll be answered. cos the government cant turn em down then or start an investigation to find the hijackers. so lets just keep our fingers crossed and wait for the demands that will probably be made in 2 or 3 days... cos its definitely a professional hijack
This is one of the worst airline tragedy. I can't, I can't even try to understand all of these speculations. There hasn't been any questions answered. Oh dear, so many lives. Everyone is going in circles, these families are devastated. I just can't, people please pray for these families and passengers as well as crew members. May they all R.I.P., am sorry to say that, in our mind we would like to find all of them in a island waiting to be rescued.
Sorry 9/11 was 100 times worse than this
yes it was , no questions that 9/11 was the worst airline tragedy., what i meant is that this particular airline incident, is one the worst, for not knowing if it vanished or what, since nothing is found. 9/11 will never go under radar, it was and is the worst airline/land tragedy.
Every time I have flown in Asia it is a scary experience. Many 3rd world countries have very compromised security agents at the airports. Many will take bribes to allow you to bypass security (as little as $20. I know it's probably to bring drugs, but now it appears something more sinister was on this plane.
Some things are just a mystery ..I think the believe that everything has an explanation is just the Ethos of a society that they understand everything ...As Don Delillo said of the JFK assassination it belongs to the ""Gloom of the unknowing "" I can readily admit that there is an Conspiracy ? though just like a Cold Case you have to let the years go by and get a better view....After the Air France incident ..this is just another one..and there will be another and another ..mysteries are what the world is about!
Apparently their are a lot of "experts" on this message board that don't understand how vast the ocean is, and why a big plane, or it's wreckage, can't be found in it. It's a complete mystery, and wouldn't be the first time an aircraft just vanished without a trace over the ocean.
So many people spewing ignorant comments about something they now not about. Learn your facts on how things actually work before you open your pie hole and show how stupid you really are.... If you haven't figured it out yet, here is a hint..... Malaysian Airlines failed follow proper international protocol. Planes just don't disappear unless they go boooom in the air or some one really smart disconnects the ATC transponder. Even still the black boxes are designed to emit electronic signals to locate them. Both boxes, if equipped or a single one that monitors everything that includes, CVR, engine, AGL, or any "hiccup" that occurs in flight. Second, the plane just came out of heavy check. That is where you need to start the investigation. That is where you need to start asking the questions and to start develop a picture. Was the inspection completed right? What is the security at the repair station? Where is the repair station? Personnel at the repair station? When those questions are answered than you can develop a more educated comment on what MAY have happened.
That knocks out terrorism then it would only be a one trick pony they couldn't do it again
I'm going with Catastrophic electrical and engine failure, plane did not attempt to turn around, nor did it disitngrate at 35,000 feet, but hit the water at an angle intact, possibly a water landing like Sully Sullengberg in the Hudson River. Now the plane is laying mostly intact at the bottom of the Ocean. How else can you explain no debris field and no distress signal.
Ok....this is looking like an in flight break up now which must have happened suddenly. Possible causes: bomb, structural failure, or possibly some type of other explosion such as a fuel tank or O2 bottle. Until the wreckage is found, we won't know for sure. I'm not sure if person with the stolen passport was involved...could have been a fugitive or something not terror related. You'd think with all the high tech stuff we have today it would be more difficult to get away with something like this. Another possibility would be some type of pilot suicide scenario but that's pretty far down the list. Got to find the planes black boxes!
Most advanced plane it would have pinged a status report automatically to home base if it was a mechanical failure that's why everyone is saying it had to be catastrophic
If it was catastrophic, there would be a lot of pieces floating in the water.
That leaves two options pilot was in on it or alien abduction
True...planes do send data automatically if there's power to do so. If it came apart suddenly the data flow would just stop abruptly which is what I believe is the case. No debris is interesting but we're also talking tens of thousands of square miles of ocean too. When the Air France bird came apart back in 2009 very little was found on the surface.
the aircraft had a locator beacon that should have survived an explosion. even if it exploded in flight their would be a debris field. with the lack of a trace of debris or the locator signal, the aircraft could have been hijacked to an undisclosed landing sight. the transponders and radios could have been turned off. the aircraft or its remains have to be some place, remember air france flt 447 in 2011 took a while to find and the speculation was wide ranging. it was downed by inexperienced pilots at the controls. air france 447 had sent automatic reports back to base indicating abnormal system problems,, there does not seem to be any of that here. it will be found.
No evidence found so far supports this headline, the lack of a debris field contradicts it. Maybe one will be found but it will be outside the primary search area.
I'm not an expert in searching for missing planes, but haven't they been searching a relatively small area considering how far planes can fly on a tank of fuel? Whether the plane crashed/disintegrated or a miracle happened and they're alive somewhere, couldn't they possibly be far outside the current search area?
Yes they could but not as far as one might think, they only had 7.5 hours of fuel on board for the planned route to Beijing and had expended 2 hours of it when it went missing so its range was no more than 5.5 hours from there, if it flew really low to avoid radar then even less range as its not very fuel economical at really low altitudes.
Where are the weather satellite photos? Was the oil slick found and tested for presence of jet fuel? Jet fuel can be dumped to lighten aircraft for water or short field landing's.(and if dumped for water landing, not aid in keeping aircraft afloat intact.. Sullenberger - NYC, Hudson River). Flying under radar difficult but possible. If crash, debris field should be noticeably present; if sunk aircraft intact !.
the oil slick was tested and confirmed as ships fuel.
I think i heard that the oil was tested and the result concluded that it was not oil from a jet liner.
Its possible Aliens could be involved with this.
Disintegration theory? That is right up there with the plane being taken away by a UFO!!
Yeah, great story--NOT. I hate minutiae and guessing games, and so I really don't need a story just to tell me that they're looking for the plane. Report back if and when they actually FIND something--thanks in advance.
Really sad for the loss and prayers for the families, but something just doesn't make sense or the news is not being given the whole story. If the plane did break up at 3500 feet, there would still be something floating. rafts, seat cushions, life vests.. something would float. It didn't just get beamed off to some spacecraft did it... Also, if our satellites didn't see anything pop up and I bet we got 24x7 coverage of that area then why no heat signature from the explosion. Last, if you know anything about radar, if it blew up then the one blip they claim to have seen would have turned into many blips.. Again, claims that was not the case either..
I have to read the comments to find out the truth
the plane blew up at 35,000 and debris could still be floating in the air...over many sq miles...
i agreee 100% i believe that there is some stew of corruption or cover ups
Just because terrorists with false passports and explosives have been caught trying to board planes from Indonesia is no reason to suspect them here... right?
Maybe the plane passed through a time rift and only the passengers who were sleeping are still alive. They realize they are in the past but the world is deserted. They then encounter large giant meatballs with teeth consuming everything in their path. And the only way for them to get back is to find the time rift they flew through originally...I hope they find that time rift.
They won't all make it back. Someone will have to stay awake to wake up the captain just before they pass fully through the rift, but he'll die a hero.
Don't steal my idea pug. I'm going to write a novella about this.
Everyone!!!!They found that plane..I just read a statement on line meant for the families of all the passengers on board,Malasia Airlines is suppling a plane into Kuala lumpur and all accomadations also everthing is in place even gief assistance.They would not be doing this if they hadn't found that plane.They are keeping this confidential for the sake of the families.
Aircraft the fastest way to spread diseases and terror around the world, it's only those who control the industry can stop it by safety measures on their people that work for them first because there so many ways for workers and terrorist to get in or people with mental problems that work for them that don't do their jobs correctly or neglect only care about a paycheck not about everyones safety. Then there's the others hell bent on making a statement that don't care about their own lives, and there's evil in the world they can't make it safe enough, I think air travel should be limited on a must system and strictly monitored and enforced to make sure sick people and bad people stay put, or caught before thing like this happens for the good of all the good people. I don't fly and if I did it would have to be a necessary or a good reason on commercial airliners.
To Sam;I understand what you are saying,,,but it would be impossible to stop people from flying. Thanks
this is really horrifying but we have so much technology to help determine when passports are in question. This shows thats the system failed miserably. Alot of ppl is to be blamed for this if it was an act of terrorism and the victims families should ensure justice be served.
An hour ago the BBC World News channel showed Breaking News out of Malaysia. Apparently the American news channels CBS, ABC, FOX, and NBC did not feel it necessary to interrupt commercials or nonsense news reports of Liam Neesom's "Horsefeathers" or cooking shows to air the updated news. *According to Interpol: There are 40 million people with reported stolen passports. The fact the 2 of these were on the Malaysian plane may or may not have anything to do with the plane being missing. (In other words, only Americans are making an issue of the passports being used) *There still has been no confirmed sightings of any part of the plane or passengers anywhere and tomorrow (later today in our time since they're about 12 or so hours ahead of EST) they will increase the search area. *Reports of life rafts found were a false alarm but they will investigate reports of some debris washed up on the East side of Saigon. *The identity of the men using the stolen passports were not Asian or did not look Asian. I repeat the identity of the men using the stolen passports were not or did not look Asian. (At that time a news reporter asked if the men looked African and the response was that 'they were not Asian'.) *They also recommend not speculating about what may have happened. Instead concentrate on the facts sitting in front of them which in this case isn't much to go on. They then mentioned that the plane may have been hijacked and brought to a remote location. Try watching the BBCW for more updated info since the American channels apparently aren't too interested in reporting the real news.
No it's not too earth shattering which means there's not to much news on this missing plane to report. Americans are obsessed with speculating, sensational media and false alarms. I'm logging off and moving on to more important issues in my life. Have a good day all.
Two guys got on the plane with STOLEN passports. The plane seems to have turned, or TRIED to turn, around. Suddenly there is no more contact with the plane. What part of an attempted hijacking and trigger-happy jihadists is so difficult to understand??
Adendum: And all this happening in Malaysia/Southeast Asia, where Islam is making HUGE inroads.
Seriously but the media won't dare say some nut job muslims are to blame.
I would imagine its not easy to access the cockpit on this plane. Wouldn't they have had time to send out a signal of a hijack or someone on board contact a loved one? It very well could be Muslims who are behind this crash, but there are far too many possible scenarios to be able to blame the Muslims. It seems a large group of comments are just praying for it to be Muslims so they can use this for their own agendas. What will you do if it ends up being a technical failure of the plane? Blame that on a government coverup and still blame the muslims?
Big head -- I will admit that this is only a THEORY, but is based on what we DO know. It's not much of a stretch to infer that, perhaps terrorists, with stolen passports, also carried a bomb or bombs onboard , and attempted to hijack the plane, but could not get into the cockpit, and so detonated their WMD instead of being brought back to Kuala Lumpur to be jailed, and probably executed, instead of being martyred and gifted with their "72 virgins". It's not really such a stretch to conclude such a scenario, considering that Islam is becoming very popular in that part of the world. Theocracies tend to be just as bad, or worse, than some of the worse dictatorships we have today, and Islam IS the one most usually at the forefront of that kind of destruction.......
Big head....yea, and let's not jump to conclusions saying the Boston bombers were muslims either.
When the Columbia burned up in the atmosphere, we found remnants of the ship and it was flying a lot faster than the plane. I am sure they can find traces of this plane if it did "disintegrate".
Since I am unaware of how bombs work - other than in movies - What kind of bomb would completely disintegrate an airplane of that size in the air and not leave any debris whatsoever ? I did not realize that was possible unless it was a MAJOR weapon and even then in seems almost science fictional.
All that would be necessary would be to have an explosion large enough to breach the aircraft hull. The sudden shift in pressure would do the rest.
Hey Patti: If a bomb goes off at 35,000 feet the plane will explode due to air pressure, just like if a bomb goes off under the ocean the object is blown apart. All it takes it a little explosion to open the exterior of the plane and it implodes on itself.
Frank they man not have been Asian. Get real!!
There IS debris somewhere. We just haven't found it yet. It will take time!
From Aerospace Engineer Robert: "Hey Patti: If a bomb goes off at 35,000 feet the plane will explode due to air pressure, just like if a bomb goes off under the ocean the object is blown apart. All it takes it a little explosion to open the exterior of the plane and it implodes on itself." Listen up BONEHEAD. Submarines implode on themselves if there is a hole in the pressure hull. As a submarine goes DOWN DEEPER exterior water pressure on the hull INCREASES. If the sub goes deep enough the hull crush inward due to water pressure outside. Water will rush INTO the submarine in the moments before the hull crushes. As an airplane goes UP higher and higher atmospheric pressure outside GOES DOWN. Pressure inside the aircraft is to keep the passengers at a relatively livable pressure approximating sea level. If there is a hole in the airframe everything gets sucked out cause the pressure outside is LOWER than the pressure inside. Geeze man you are DUMB. Try some basic science classes before you post again.
In a detailed analysis of the antecedents of the two passengers who boarded the ill fated MH70 with stolen passports, the Financial Times found that the duo may have been aiming to illegally emigrate to Europe and may have been on the Malaysia Airlines flight by a quirk of ticketing. The report quoted Benjaporn Krutnait, the travel agent who had booked the two tickets as saying that an Iranian contact, 'Mr Ali' had asked for the tickets to be booked on the cheapest route possible. She had attempted to book the duo on two other airlines initially.
Its funny how many people in here jump to conclusions on what happened. Nobody knows. Even the best in the airline industry say there are too many variables and possibilities to give an answer at the moment.
At the same time, there are plenty of "experts" making bold statements as well. It is relatively harmless for individuals, with no role in the industry, to speculate. It would be preferable if they were to do so respectfully, with regard to the people still "missing" and their loved ones, but it is of no consequence nevertheless. I am surprised though when I read of a professor who teaches aviation accident investigation at a world-renowned aviation academy leaping out on a limb with speculation of his own.
Pyg.....true, but they generally aren't acting as if they know. They are giving possibilities and admit anything could have happened. So many people on here are acting as if they know to an extent.
I cannot imagine the horror!!! God rest your souls!
Could it be possible, that it came straight down intact and got stuck in the mud nose first, on the ocean floor.
With Bugs Bunny in the cockpit.
I think the plane was surprised and overpowered by a lumpy koala. Well, yeah it make sense, because didn't the flight originate in Kuala Lumpur....? Coincidence? I don't think so!
The Malaysian Home Minister should realize the problem is not that the faces associated with the passports were Asian but rather the passports were stolen but being presented as valid travel documents. Every passport that is reported as stolen should be reported to Interpol and disseminated to all airports. Every passport being presented by a prospective passenger should be checked against the list of reported stolen passports and any passenger caught with one should be detained until the situation has been cleared up. My sister in law is from the Philippines and she and her three Asian looking children are now Austrian citizens so is it that far fetched that they could be Asian with and Austrian passport?
You mean like an Indian guy claiming to be American?
Agree with you - it was a rather stupid statement saying Asian Faces and European Passports. Many people in Europe have 'Asian Brides' nowadays and many non-white have all nationalities today.
What about Americans of Asian descent? Specifically Olympians, ice skaters. There was Michelle Kwan, Kristi Yamaguchi, and wasn't there a male Olympian figure skater named Chan from either the U.S. or Canada in Sochi?
seriously... what u r now, the expert? if u don't know the facts then u should keep quiet. The passport stolen in Thailand, if thailand didn't report to interpol then Malaysia shouldn't be blamed!
passports usually have the person's photo on the first page, the question now is that the two asians carry european passports with european faces on the passport photo.
But Rory they will still have asian names - at least first or last or both - even if it were legit, the fact is it should have been checked against the stolen passports database before being allowed to board a flight.
The Names and Surnames on the Passport are NOT Asian. This should have raised a flag if the faces are Asian, and the Names are not.
PS: To make this even more clear: it's not the country of origin that's in question, Rory, it's the names on the passports weren't asian, yet the people presenting the passports as their own WERE asian - that's the issue.
I guess people still have a real tough time listening. What I am saying is that my sister-in-law IS Asian but her name is NOT. All of her Asian children have AUSTRIAN names NOT Asian names. Applying that kind of mentality to every situation is wrong. I understand the concept and it may work in some situations but how do we know if the Asians were speaking Italian or Austrian (German)? My sister-in-law and all her kids speak German fluently. To RJM and JFC, I have spent an entire career in the military living abroad for about 6 years and another entire career working as a police officer in the USA and nothing is that clear-cut. There is way more to this situation than looking at the fact that they are of Asian heritage and the names are on the passports are not and there are many more factors that can be used to determine if they were legitimate or not but the whole name vs. race issue is worthless. To dheena, yes, I am somewhat of an expert. Are you? If not, perhaps you should not bother commenting and stick to things you know about. I did not blame Malaysia, I just commented on the ignorance of the Malaysian Home Ministers comment about race and names because that comparison is mostly a worthless indicator of legitimacy. Again, the biggest problem is that each and every passport lost or stolen should be reported and then recorded into an international database. Every airport customs agent should be checking every passport against that list of lost or stolen passports. When one is being presented by someone for travel purposes, that person should be detained immediately and an investigation should be launched to determine exactly what is going on, end of story. With our modern technology, there is no excuse for airlines/airports to risk the safety of all travelers just to save a few dollars (or whatever monetary unit is appropriate).
How stupid do they think we are? How extreme would the conditions be for the entire plane to disintegrate? My God, what happened to those people?! I feel an incredible sadness for the surviving family and the souls supposedly lost on that plane.
Someone turned off the transponder? How else would it just disappear off radar at 35,000 feet.
No debris, at least not yet.
The plane was a test subject for somebodies new toy.
I wonder if this could have been caused by an accidental or deliberate missile attack? The country responsible would not be eager to let it be known, and the area below the flight path was said to be disputed waters. That hasn't been mentioned so far, but it should be on the table for discussion.
Seems strange the plane apparently turned back, but no communication from the plane about the turn. No Satellite evidence of an explosion, it just vanished, with no sign, had to be a massive explosion that somehow didn't register or wasn't seen by Satellite.
If our spy satellites' cameras have caught images of an explosion, our government will never divulge them or acknowledge that the crash was caused by a bomb, since Obama has stated that al Qaeda has been defeated... And Obama is always right...
Only an airline official or investigator who skipped every relevant history class in his life could think that this event is unprecedented.
Journalists feel they strengthen their lines by misusing words like "unprecedented" . Recently I have been seeing journalists using "unprecedented, since....." Obviously there are many documented cases of airliners "disappearing" and never leaving a trace.
Yup. My use of the word unprecedented is unprecedented since my last use of it. Too bad that's not what it means.
It will be interesting to see if the two stolen passport holders look like typical stereotype Austrians and Italians!
Obviously, you didn't read well. It's about an Austrian stolen passport, not Australian. Austrians are Europeans of German descent. Most of them have fair skin and blue eyes, like the owner of the stolen passport. It is highly unlikely that an Asian person bears Germanic name and surname.
Speculate all you want. Everything here screams a terrorist bomb.
It's bad enough that orientals can't drive a lick but put them in the cockpit of a plane? Remember the crash in S.F. last year! Also Yahoo you really need somebody that knows how to research and write properly formatted articles!
Why dont they track all the passengers gps on their cell phones? Reads that even if the cell phones are turned off they can track them by triangulating between cell towers...some of them might be waterproof... as in the case of the one phone that still rings... or maybe to get their last position?
Sorry but I find it hard to believe that a plane of that size can break up at 35,000 ft and there would be no flotsam or jetsam. Surely there are many items on the plane that float. A breakup at that altitude would surely make a large debris deposit. My guess is that the plane went down in tact. It's not impossible that the data recorders could be malfunctioning. Tragic in any case. God bless and keep them.
Families of some passengers tried to contact them on phone, it was connected but no one answered. Don't you find it strange?
Yes it is strange because if the phone is turned on, functional and in a service area it will ring, if it isn't then it will go straight to voice mail.
Lisa, you seem like a very bright person, why are the authorities not addressing these issues? They may get pings from the phones,3rd world rescue,basically your screwed.
soflodoug, they may be looking into it, not sure, can't imagine they wouldn't if these are bonafide claims.
mystery? Maybe, perhaps a dry run test by terrorist of a new way to sneak explosive aboard an airplane and that is the reason they are not taking credit for the terrorist act. With all the new regulations about liquids and paste etc etc, the terrorists maybe have used this airplane as a testing ground for a new kind of explosive.
Silk air flight MI-185 was disintegrating as it plunged nose down from the same altitude! Why no transponder data from the handling airports? Controllers asleep? If KL airport is known to be a point of departure for illegals, why isn't security better? Hire a consultant from Singapore like Malaysia normally have to do!!
Report: Family Of Passenger Says Mobile Phone Working A family of one of the passengers aboard the missing Malaysian Airlines flight said they successfully made a call to his cell phone, though there was no answer. Beijing Television showed footage of the call appearing to go through.
may be some cruel prankster posted it. if one phone was reachable so would be more of them
Probably a UFO swallow it up, you never know.
All the satellites out there are worthless when it comes to a situation like this?
Striking the sea wall was pilot error not a fault of the plane therefor the 777 has an unblemished record. At least until possibly now.
It had to have been hi-jacked to another location and landed close to where contact was lost. Any other option that would have caused it to hit the water from that height would have burst the plane in hundreds of pieces and bodies would most likely be floating on the surface. It would be easy to spot from the air. Hitting water at that speed and from that height would be like hitting a wall of concrete.
i thinkk the 2 stolen passports had nothing to do with this plain missing. I think they realized there was sometype of electrical failure & they were unable to get radio to work to mayday for help. Think the pilots turned the plane around & probably caught fire from the engines & blew-up etc in mid flight. Pray to GOD that they find something to be able to figure out what happened.
Pretty interesting... no debris at all... if the plane disintegrated anywhere above the water there would be something floating... probably a ton of stuff floating. Even if it hit the water intact, there would still be a ton of debris. The likelihood of the plane making the softest water landing ever without any debris is ridiculous to think in the ocean. What a story it would be to find a couple of hijackers actually took control of a plane in 2014 and was able to fly it somewhere and land it. All the rocket scientists, all the laws, the rules, the grab happy TSA agents, the inconveniences, the checks and databases, spy satellites, GPS tracking and it just disappears... where is your sense of security now huh?
Debris floats. Disintegrate in mid air? No way! Planes do not just disintegrate. Not without an explosion. Something stinks to high heaven about this.
9/11 gave us all new physics to work with. Don't you know that magic = science.
I keep reading comments on these boards that assume other countries have the same political correctness and security protocols that we have in the US - they do not. In other countries you'll find some immigration officials corrupt, downright racist, or complacent if you look a certain race. For example: In Vietnam it's normal to bribe immigration officials $5 - $20 so they don't harass you about your luggage and paperwork. In Taiwan, all they used at the security checkpoint was a wand metal detector. When it detected something metal around my waist, I told the officer it was my belt. He looked at me and said 'OK' and let me go. I could have had a gun or a knife strapped to my waist band but because I looked a certain way, he let me go.
If we weren't so politically correct 911 never would have happened. It's overrated.
The TSA is worthless as well except in molesting people.
Nancy is clear; The Reagan administration put the world into a situation that few could survive.
@ Nancy G Yeap PC is just another way of censoring people. @ Aaron Rebuilding the American military so that the USSR could not extort the free into supporting their Red Fascist slave state resulting in the liberation of hundreds of millions of people. Too bad he kept that Massachusetts liberal moron Bush as VP for his second term.
It took searchers 2 years to find the wreckage from that Air France jet that crashed into the Atlantic in 2011 because it took that long for the pieces to start surfacing from the ocean. They even found the remains of some of the passengers. It takes longer to ascend then it does to descend.
That was deep water, this is 72 fathoms.
Air France 447 (airbus) broke up in midflight too..
They found the rear vertical stabilizer which had snapped off the aircraft very quickly.
For all we know this incident could turn into a new Gilligan's island tv show if they don't find this plane!
lets hope some other country don't have the same weapon the united states has and that's a lazer light that can bring down air craft without seeing a beem of light never know scence the us give billions of dollar out for weapons to other country never know what might end up in people hands and they say its like it disinagrated just a thought
10 REAL countries searching and we can't even find a seat cushion ? Something just doesn't feel right about this. Seat cushions are actual flotation devices iirc.
If it was a water landing, intact, and none of the doors opened, the plane could be 1 piece on the bottom of the ocean. When Sully Sullenberg landed his plane in the hudson river, the only thing that came off the plane was a single engine which immediately sunk, but the rest of that plane was 100% intact. If the boats on the hudson didn't rescue it, it would have sunk after floating 3-4 miles.
@ Jeffrey...but that was a reasonably controlled landing (though without engine power). One would think that if the pilots had sufficient time to be able to make a controlled landing of that nature, they would have been able to issue a distress signal...it would have been one of their higher priorities, given that there is no point trying to ditch the plane at sea, if you haven't called for help to come get you after...
"You shouldn't automatically think that the fact there were two people on the plane with false passports had anything to do with the disappearance of the plane," the diplomat said. What should we think?
Maybe there's a Bermuda Triangle version in Asia!
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. Can't do that - that would be racial profiling. What would the libtards say??
I think he really meant to say, "Italian and Austrian NAMES but with Asian faces"...
The black boxes will be pinging location signals for a month. They will be found, and will answer a lot of questions.
Plane and simple, The entire plane was abducted by aliens. (yes I know I used the worng plane, get over it)
There was debris scattered across Texas when the space shuttle exploded, so why wouldn't there be debris from this?
Interesting. But over ocean who knows
With all the technological advancements, hundreds of satellites in space, advanced tracking systems, post 9/11 security measures you would think this would never happen.
It's the Russians in conjunction with the reverse vampires and the people of the Gamma quadrant. This is just step one of the invasion!
Pattaya in Thailand is virtually owned by Iranians. This is where they go to avoid all their oppressive laws.
wrong again. russian invasion took over from aussies and brits. iranians in south patts only.
It has exited Earth's atmosphere and is now hurtling through space towards the star Alpha Centauri. That is why they can't find a trace of it.
How does a large passenger plane disappear without leaving a trace? May the family and friends of those aboard find some measure of peace
Starting to think the Chinese had something to do with this. All those nationalities on board are mainly Chinese and they don't seem to be concerned much of its missing citizens. Possibility of space base weapon system by the Chinese was tested on this plane. Missing passport are just are just a way to deter from the whole thing. Pay off some Iranian guy to buy ticket, blame the terrorist, but the plane is probably obliterate in nothing at 35000 ft. Pilot notice communication was jammed, turn around when they notice they can't communicate, but too late it was targeted.
According to BBC News, the two passengers flying on stolen passports had purchased their tickets at the same time and had consecutive ticket numbers.
Would they be on camera purchasing them?
The stolen passports were in Interpol's database. No one understands how the two passengers could have boarded with those passports.
There is the possibility they were terrorists, but it was also mentioned they could have been ordinary criminals on the run. The surprising thing is that the passports weren't discovered when they were used. They were reported stolen approximately a year ago.
@DG....most countries don't check passports against Interpols list.
Well, with the right angle of entry into the water, even at 35,000 feet, the whole plane could have nosed dived into the ocean without breaking into pieces. The whole fuselage could have acted like a missile and if the wings did break off, it would've most likely sunk to the floor along with the body. Just like a diver from a cliff, if you pierce the water with two hands vertically, there won't be much splash or water resistance behaving like hitting a concrete. Maybe the pilots were too busy trying to save the plane to call for help. It must have been sudden and probably not a mid-air explosion because it would've left a lot of floating debris.
Maybe the plane flew on for mile in the wrong direction, and they are looking in the wrong place ?
why impossible? Unlikely, but given right angle, it is possible to dart into water without breaking up into pieces. Calm water may act like concrete if the plane hits it on the broad side, but if the plane goes vertical, nose-in first, and especially into torrent water, it is possible to enter the ocean without breaking up.
First I wish all passengers are found alive and safe. Secondly, I do not know if anything will remain of plane falling from such a great height. Read the case with SilkAir Flight 185.
Yes, I hope that everyone made it. But back to the discussion.. you are right, it may not be very likely BUT SilkAir did slam into a river, which is about only 6.5m dredge deep, effectively acting like a concrete. There was 0 chance any intact piece would be present after contact with river regardless how it fell, there would be no cushioning of any sort to absorb all that energy. But the ocean is another story. It is many km deep. Yes, the plane could have broken apart due to super-sonic speed at that height, but most likely, if it was in a straight vertical dive, only the tail and wings would fall out and leaving other parts intact. I've seen a few real film footage of a plane doing a nose dive from 20,000 + feet and still stay intact (whole) before crashing into pile of dust. The plane could've enter the water at an angle such as 30 degree below the ocean, just enough it doesn't break up in mid-air.
Have they thought about taking a dive and search underwater? The plane could of gone into the water without debris flying everywhere, and sank?
If it made a low impact water landing it could possibly sink with little or no debris, but if the pilots had time to do that then they could also have radioed for help.
Until they have a fairly specific area to search underwater, it is almost impossible to find a submerged item such as an airplane...it is extremely tiny compared to the ocean area that would have to be searched, and side-scan sonar can only cover a very limited area in each sweep.
Due to the curvature of the earth the achievable maximum range is limited for targets flying with low altitude. These objects disappear very fast behind the radar horizon. ripped from radarbasics.eu itself. if it exploded or impacted the waters surface there would be debris especially floating debris. would it be that hard to train someone to pilot a boeing 777 especially with vr training or flight simulators these days
Sounds similar to disappearances of planes over the Bermuda Triangle (a.k.a Devil's Triangle).
I've read a lot of comments...problem is that if it was terrorism and the plane was destroyed, it would have left debris in the water. Now, perhaps we just haven't found debris yet, but until we do, I don't think we can say that. I hope that the truth is discovered soon for the families who need closure.
Fox news said that the state run airline would most likely run several promotions in the future to entice people to fly. Tell me what might that be?
I bet if the family members of the missing were to offer a reward leading to the recovery of the plane and it's passengers someone would start talking pretty fast.
Planes don't simply disintegrate. They do however explode, break apart or the like. It wouldnt be the first time a civilian passenger plane was struck by a missile.
Okay...some things simply don't add up. If a plane deviates more than a certain distance or number of degrees off heading, wouldn't ATC get suspicious. If an aircraft deviates in altitude more than a certain number of feet, wouldn't it be noticed by ATC? Additionally, each airline is now connected to aircraft and can monitor real-time telemetry and alarms from a central monitoring group in the event of issue or deviation? AHM software and systems analysis is something that Boeing is very proud of and would have caught telemetry "blips" in the event of a system failure or other major issue...makes you think that "catastrophic failure" means absolutely no time to respond to the situation...planes just don't disintegrate without fair warning unless their is a major breach or airframe failure...not a "mechanical failure"!
Not all flights are under radar surveillance the entire time they're in the air. If you look at International flights from the US, there is a reason they all fly from the US, south of Greenland, and then over to their destination. Those routes not only give alternates for emergencies but allow ground based radars to monitor the flights. If a flight flew from Philadelphia and just flew straight east over to Spain, they would be in a blackout, dark zone for HOURS without any radio or ATC contact. Once planes are equipped with GPS, this would allow them to be pinpointed at ALL times but, even as great as technology is today, there are limitations on how the planes fly.
You grossly overestimate the airline industry standards when it comes to international airspace. When I read "telemetry blips," the thought that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing comes to mind.
Yes, structural failure, not mechanical. But maybe in the translation somebody used the wrong word.
Boeing and Airbus are equipping flagship vehicles with realtime monitoring AHM and AirMAN respectively, apparently JayP is not as "knowledgeable" as he think he is.
a bomb would do that and do it fast
Sounds like a bomb , even the Korean 747 the Soviets shot down made it to the water nearly intact after being hit with two air to air missiles from a Soviet interceptor .. We know this because they retrieved the flight recorders and gave them to US officials after the cold war..
JayP - Here's a napkin to wipe that egg off your face!
The more you learn about 3rd world Muslim Cesspools like Kuala Lumpur, the more you realize it was a terrorist act and that Islam is a Mental Disorder.
Terrorists love to claim responsibility for things like this though, so I'm starting to believe it wasn't an attack.
If all Muslims were terrorists, then how come there aren't terrorist acts committed in major cities every day? Try answering that.
Rina, I didn't say all Muslims are terrorist, but all terrorist are Muslims. Now there is your answer
So, basically, they have no idea and it literally, just vanished into thin air.
If it was a bomb, or any kind of explosion. There would be debris, and some video. If the pilot was turning around like they say. Than why didn't he check with the air traffic controllers? Don't you need permission to turn around and go off course? With all this technology that we have today. How can you lose a whole plane. Maybe, it went into a Bermuda triangle type of thing,
Better, the Ho Chi Minh triangle.
Ho Chi Minh is a son of a #$%$!
I certainly like this assumption a lot better than the others!! Wait and see. Thank You
i see these possibilities in this order of probability: 1. Mechanical / computer failure / weather / lightning 2. Muslim terrorists 3. Accidentally shot down by China 4. Aliens
Since there were two stolen passports terrorism is hard to rule out. Probably the terrorist tried to take over the plane and passenger fought back. During the struggle one of the terrorists shot a weapon on the plane causing explosion decompression just my guess
Does anyone else find it amazing that we can locate a person in NYC or Guam by their cell phone and we can find a particular rock on mars but we still can't locate an airliner flying a set course.
You have to be nuts to fly in a passenger plane today.
I just can't get my mind wrapped around the idea that a huge airplane could just vanish like this with no trace of wreckage or bodies or anything. It just seems impossible.
How very classy of you NoSoupForYou.
May God be with the family at this time, we all can try to do what we can but we must seek God in prey and ask for mercy and love at this time. my prey is with u all but my God is the only one that can do the rest,as a nation we need to be loving and caring to each other God is good.
After the tragic event of September 11, 2001, terroists learned to be smart enough not to claim any credit of wreaking havoc.
No Frosted Muslim Flake.... The CIA did 2/26. By spraying camel buck scent into the WTC garage to lure you in. Knowing you couldn't resist the smell of male camel butt in the morning. Don't you know anything, Musr. ag in De Nile?
Cowards. They always hide around women and children also, real brave men in skirts.
Do you know how much those skirts air our your junk, and provide a nice cool breeze?
The plane is there. They just need to keep looking. It did not disappear, it was not taken by an alien aircraft, it was not flown to North Korea. Unfortunately it crashed into the sea.
Folks could we be staring at a new unprecedented level of terrorism? when osama flew passenger jets using suicide pilots nobody had ever thought about it. Terrorists will invent absolutely high tech schemes to destroy lives. Aviation authorities you must begin to anticipate all manner of scenarios. like ajetliner disappearing in thin air and nobody can crack it so far!
It makes no sense. These dumb "Official" explanations never do make any sense. Disintregrated? Yeah, sure, whatever! I think not although stranger things have happened and this just may be one of them. Dragon's Triangle or whatever.
Here's a thought, blame Islam and destroy their entire religion. Whether they were the reasons for it or not, the world will be a better place without suicide bombings, beheadings, destroying womens rights with Sharia Law, and dumbing down the population.
"The United States extensively reviewed imagery taken by American spy satellites for evidence of a mid-air explosion, but saw none, a U.S. government source said. " But they know what Angela Merkel's hairdresser had for breakfast and the brand of motor oil in her Audi. People know something but they are not saying. I suggest we let these families alone and support them in their time of need rather than speculate.
Terrorists are working everywhere in Malaysia. This is an act of terrorism. Too many people were involved.
Do they not have sonar technology? And, what about a black box, which should be emitting a signal if the plane went down? Seems to be taking an awful long time with so many boats and planes supposedly dispatched. In the US, it would have been found within 24 hours.
Mr Ali from Iran linked to terrorism... no, of course not!
They say that radar can also pick up debris in a short time once its torn apart in mid air. But the report shows it just "vanish". A terrorism of that magnitude possibly involved being blasted by lasers that can disintegrate a plane in an instant without anytime for distress call. I'm just speculating my #$%$ off here because I find this weird
If not a bomb, then perhaps a mid-air collision? With something that either had no radar signature or at the very least a minimal radar cross section? I'm merely commenting on the fact that the article mentions the US Military stating that saw no evidence of a bomb via the spy satellite, yet offered no other explanation. Ok, then, if it wasn't then why didn't they say what happened?
And Chris Angel thinks HE can make things disappear.
It was space aliens. They have made first contact.
Malaysian Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the two passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticizing border officials who let them through. "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," I have many ASIAN friends with asian faces who has Western Names. Either they were adopted or just has one of the parents dominant features. How absurd that comment was? Now, who is really not thinking?
feel the same way...just could not phrase it the same
can you imagine if a US diplomat made that comment about people getting on planes in the States!!! People would be lining up to file suits. Totally absurd.
Yep. Countless Asians in America have Western/European names. It would have been stranger for some caucasian to have an Asian name.
agree..I consider that a rscist,s very conceited comment..you cannot rely on names and nationality,because many use english name,italian names, greek names,whatever descendants people came from,no one cant question that regardless of how you look..
I mean no one can question that..
You dopes are missing the point. It's not about names so much as about matching a photo with a face. Or tampering with a passport to insert your photo. This is one of the most important duties of customs people and they failed miserably and without explanation. They're trained to look for these things.
An Interpol spokeswoman said a check of all documents used to board the plane had revealed more "suspect passports", which were being investigated. I don't think groping passengers before letting them board a aircraft has a lot to do with safety, the bad guys are still flying.
This just goes to show how big the world is despite all our technological advances we have yet to find a single thing floating on the seas, and there should be tons of stuff floating around.
If this was a bomb, wouldn't it have to be big enough to have been caught by security. I mean even my laptop gets searched when its in luggage.
Pamela, you do realize this flight originated in another Country? and Not every country has "modern security" and FYI, even here in the US when the government "test" the tsa they FAIL to detect bombs guns and other weapons more than they catch them
what if it got lost and ended up in middle earth? Those people might be being held as slaves right now by the inhabitants there.
Whether the aircraft exploded or broke up in the air or fell and nose dived into the sea there should be flotsam from incident. But if it turned and either landed or crashed elsewhere on land it might never be found.
This is truly a strange and suspicious story. If there were mechanical difficulties, a message would have been sent by the pilot or co-pilot. If there were a bomb on board and it exploded, there would have been debris, something, somewhere would have popped by now. Planes don't completely "distingegrate" in mid-air -- that is ridiculous. It appeared the plan began a turn around -- why? Again, no message from the pilots. Quite frankly, I am suspicious of these pilots. Is it possible the plane was taken to some remote area? There is no evidence yet that it hit the water.
I agree 100%. There is no way an entire plane disintegrates.
Radar would have shown the track to where ever it went. It literally vanished from radar suggesting a catastrophic event.
Modern day "Bermuda triangle" I have to agree there should be something that idicates an explosion and what did come up of the oil slicks , why did the plane turn around, too many unresolved questions? very suspicious.
By "disintegrate" they simply mean break apart into pieces, but still, those pieces would be pretty big, probably 5 pieces max, wings aside. The lack of wreckage is weird...Hope something turns up so they can locate the black box....
It is best if people like you don't think.
Maybe it was swallowed up by an alien spacecraft.
You're reading too many "dime store novels," Sweetheart.
Hey, all you experts: If this airplane had flown to a different destination, the air traffic controllers could have continued to track it as a basic targeton their back-up primary radar, which they all have until it landed,. even after losing it's identifying transponder code -- and aircraft do explode and disintegrate in mid air. Geesh, you people should all got to work for the NTSB.
It was obviously sucked up by a flying saucer and it is surprising to me that this very real possibility has not been mooted by anyone. Seriously, it took them three years to figure out what happened to Air France 447, They were in distress for 10-15 minutes and never sent any sort of signal. A combination of equipment failure and pilot error brought that one down. It is odd that there were no pieces of plane in the sea. The AF plane broke up on impact.
Plane got taken over, then went low level...I reckon its on land somewhere, either crashed or in one piece. Very odd to not find anything floating around on the water, regardless of explosions etc
Incidentally, before the comments and name calling begin, I'm a 20 year retiree (Old person) after 27 years, 26,400 flight hours, with a regional airline that became a major. I claim to be a bit more informed that once-a-year flyers.
Thank you, Vincent. I was really hoping to hear from actual pilots.
I believe it is impossible for an aircraft to breakup due to a bomb or catastrophic failure and some piece of debris is not found as yet. I believed that the aircraft possibly did turn due to some hijacking flew under the radar for a while and then a bomb was exploded or it was deliberately crashed into the ocean. i believe the are looking in the wrong location.
Also the Malaysian Constitution gives special treatment to muslims. Muslims could get away from almost anything if they do it to non muslims. In a recent case, a mongolians model, apparently being bonked by the prime minister himself, was murdered and their murderers aquitted! The most outrageous thing was that according to immigration officials, she didn't even enter Malaysia!
Can we start flying Christians over there?
The passport thing is the government created red herring. The pilot committed suicide and we can't find the plane or aliens got the plane
It exploded in the air....any aircraft that would start to drop below its assigned climb to / cruising level would trigger alarms at the tower radar tracking the plane. Going from a large mass reflecting the radar signal, to small pieces instantly from an explosion, no longer a mass large enough to reflect the radar signal, is what happened. The terrorist faction who did this should be hunted down and eliminated immediately. Send a message to all terrorists that the world will no longer accept this kind of behavior, and the penalty is immediate elimination !!!!
We don't know that it was terrorist related just yet, and since when have we accepted it?
Then they get their 72 virgins
Immediate elimination? they eliminate themselves everyday.
Shares in Malaysia Airlines fell as much as 18 percent to a record low on Monday ! I wonder why oil prices didn't rise sharply because of this ! I mean it does for every thing else !
This is horrible. I hope these families have closure and healing from their loss. This is beyond politics or humanity. I can't even imagine how terrifying it was for the people on the plane or the people who are grieving.
And people #$%$ about TSA. Yes the can do a better more respectful job but they do find the bad guys.
Don't jump to conclusion of any kind yet.. I think we should give it another a day or two to search..., if nothing is found, then you can say Alien, UFO, dimension .. all are possible...
They have said they found a door, now they are saying that nothing has been found, no wonder the families are upset..its a big ocean, may not ever find anything,,and thought when a plane goes down in the ocean the black box gives a ping sound...
I believe you! Your mom abducted them!
I thought Terrorist groups normally like to take credit quickly for their work, but I have heard/read nothing about any group announcing their involvement.
Not if it was a trial run they wouldn't want to be identified if it was a terrorist attack it probably was just a trial and something bigger will happen soon
"The more you know about the role of Kuala Lumpur in this chain, the more doubtful you are of the chances of a linkage." I'm touched that Kuala Lumpur is a hub for illegal immigration. The trouble is, that if illegals are able to fly successfully with stolen passports, it makes a mockery of the international airport security system.
Airborne disintegration. Tough, but better than a screaming dive 7 miles down.
In saying, "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," the Malaysian minister apparently isn't concerned about a lawsuit for racial profiling, which would undoubtedly be brought in some Western countrie for singling out someone who holds an Austrian or Italian passport while being "Asian-looking." I hope the passengers on this flight weren't victims of that kind of PC attitude, but have to wonder.
I got stuck on the same paragraph. They were probably thinking they aren't allowed to "think" -fearing they weren't being PC to make those assumptions. Ticks me off to see an 80 year-old frail white woman damn near strip searched randomly by TSA, while an Iranian-appearing man in his 20's walks on by. Stupid. Those stolen passports should have been noticed, why aren't these documents scanned electronically or something by now? I have to throw out my 4 oz of shampoo to board yet they don't catch 2 stolen passports?? Unbelievable.
Strange, no terrorist group claiming responsibility. Makes you wonder if some trigger happy Chinese military unit shot it down and authorities are using the "stolen passport" ruse to prevent panic.
There were no objects on radar around it unless they have a Missile not detectable by radar
Jaesun, Were you were manning the radar facility and can factually back up you comments? You weren't? You mean you are part of the propaganda machine?
I've flown out of KUL quite a bit. The security for the flight is at the actual gate. It's funky and I can see how undesirables got through.
The lack of a debris field is just bizarre. When TWA 800 went down off Long Island, there was so much $#!t floating in the water that you could go jogging on it. Seriously! And there's not a f#@%!n' trace of debris? Hell, You should be able to see the debris field from space. The only way it could go down without a trace is if the plane made a water landing, stayed intact, and then sunk with everyone on board. Highly unlikely!
Not necessarily, "ccsp". Depending on the situation, the pilots may have lacked either the ability or free time to declare an emergency. Every pilot is taught.....Aviate, navigate, communicate.....in that order. But as I said, Highly unlikely.
liberal sheep in a New Zealand sheep banger
Why is it that UPS can tell within feet the location of a sincel parcel on any of its trucks and an airline cannot find an entire plane load of people?
correct. That's because aliens' abucted them. see JAL flight 1628
A whole jet liner disappeared with no oil traces or widespread debris??? Pieces of seat cushions floating or cargo door etc unless the plane DID NOT DISINTEGRATE but merely dived straight down into few thousand feet of water nose down !!! Underwater scanning would be hard to identify from surface angle. Might even be wedged in underwater caverns. If still not found, well here goes the UFO aliens again. How else to explain?
This sounds so much like the case of air france 447. I still remember how its disappeance. Several weeks the search went on. But later it was found out that it crashed.
Even if spy satellites didn't see an explosion doesn't mean there wasn't one. All it takes is an explosion big enough to blow off a cargo bay door and the plane is history. Cracks caused by the blast and rapid decompression would do the rest.
I just love how people on this thread are sharing their own speculations and theories when they have far less information than the reporter who wrote this topic, or even the specialist potentially trying to find out what happened to the plane. You can theorize anything you want, the fact of the matter is your opinion actually means nothing and will not change the situation. Is it sad so many people lost their lives? Yes, of course. What is even more sad is people wasting their time on here, adding commentary about a situation they have no control over. Just like me, I've wasted 2 minutes of my life on this. Let these people do their jobs and you all should go focus on your own lives. All the following theories could be true: 1. Religious Rapture 2. Aliens 3. Unforseen weather 4. Engine failure 5. A wing fell off 6. Hardcore turbulence 7. Both pilots had a heart attack It doesn't change the fact, that people are missing and are likely dead. Again, go about your day and focus on something else. The family members of these people will never see your posts, nor do they honestly care about your condolences. They just want their families back. So stop wasting your time. You are not smarter than everyone else. You are not right. You are not wrong. The end.
Well without speculation nothing would ever be solved now would it?
I'm not saying that. I'm saying your speculation means nothing, as you have no first hand knowledge.
AND..you are doing the same thing. The end.
I'm speculating nothing. I am merely reporting the asinine intent of people on the internet who think they have power over something they don't.
As an example.. I have no power to control whether or not you choose to waste your time offering theories. Conversely, just as much as you have no power to control whether or not I choose to waste my time pointing out the ridiculous.
The following theory is in no way true and absolutely ridiculous: Religious Rapture........................................the end.
These Malaysian ministers... must've denied on those stolen passports as well, if not for confirmation from Interpol. They would say we're 'tourist haven' while in fact Kuala Lumpur is one major illegal transit hub with major parts of the city already an illegals' haven. Now facts being laid by international agencies, they save face by playing it down like 'an isolated incident' or 'being investigated' or 'airport security can't think' blame game or 'not true'.
Why wouldn't a few hundred seat cushions be floating or at least some of the material from the plane would float. The seat cushions are not attached because they serve as floatation devices in case of a water landing. One would think that several of them would be floating as well as some luggage. Something is weird here.
What part of "the aircraft is likely to have disintegrated at around 35,000 feet" is confusing to you?
I'm not confused. Disintegrated means it blew up and broke into thousands of pieces. It didn't vaporize you idiot. There would be pieces of it that should be floating. Every other airline accident over water left lots of floating debris.
im guessing it was hijacked, turned off the plane's beacon device, landed somewhere remote like Mongolia, Nepal, etc.. remember this plane is a Boeing 777-200 ER (extended range) meaning it can go half way around the world if they wanted to. Hope all the passengers are ok though.
And not picked up on any other radar scopes? Seriously?
I find it somewhat spooky to be living in a world with magical vanishing airplanes and a news media that expects us to believe such horse dung.
I find it spooky to live in a world where the Colts think Andrew Luck is the QB of the future
Luck will be a beast! he's spooky good already, but in all seriousness planes don't disintegrate except of course on 911 when two of those magical planes did in DC and PA. I'll bet the builders of said planes are pretty embarrassed right about now.
We all hope that the families of those involved get some answers soon, and pray for miracles and peace in their broken hearts.
What??? The plane simply disintegrated with all parts and people gone in a flash?! Coincidentally carrying at least two thieves with stolen passports! Interpol just dishes this out as logic. Really feeling very badly for the family members and friends of those who have to endure this "unprecedented mystery-disintegration" excuse from "officials".
I guess it's too much work to actually look at the passport photos before you let people on the plane ? Not very comforting is it?
LOL....if you steal the passport I am betting you can change the picture.
uh...have you seen passports lately? Very hard to tamper with the photo...it's not a driver's license....and the one name was clearly Italian....duh....
Ok, here is my thought on the whole thing, two passengers with stolen passports, could that plane have been hijacked , been told to drop fuel thus leading to the oil slick, then been ordered to drop below radar and continue to where ever. I mean maybe I watch too much tv but it is a viable thought. At least to drop below radar .......
Can satellite help in revealing what happen to the Airplane?
I am sure someone has thought of this in one of the posts but is it possible the oil slick is due to fuel dumping by the pilots of the airline due to some hazard on board and they could have glided down into some totally far off area of the ocean or even land.
I think we should engage the help of Skylab to locate the missing plane. Remember Bario Tragedy, Sarawak
Eventually all reasons for targeting someone for murder play out. Remember, when a wife wanted to disperse suspicion from her murdering her husband. So she inserted rat poisoned tylenol caps into many bottles put back on the shelves. Well, some day a plane bomb can be used to kill one specific person target. Think about a pilot's spouse = never to be suspected : a very simple explosive in the cockpit. How well do they check a pilot's overnight bag ? Especially, over in that area of the world, where you do not insult an upper crust person's honor by doubting him = pilots ?? Again, this is way out there …. but how "out there" did you think that Tylenol poisoning episode was. Killed several innocent, unknown, uninvolved people using "resealed" pharmaceutical bottles that people pretty well check. ??
There have been several documented cases of planes being brought down because of something trivial like a jealous wife targeting one person on the plane, but none recently. While not absolutely impossible, it is widely considered today that bringing down an airliner is a concerted, well-funded and well planned mission, and the individual plot has been squeezed out of the equation. Pilots' and crew baggage are at least as well checked as PAX.
Its a perfect depiction of the movie LOST, where plane vanishes through the works of physics and dispose people elsewhere for them to survive. RIP
How often do we find two guys on board with stolen passports and it just so happens that the airplane disappears out of the sky. Those two aspects are RARE -- so it's unlikely they're not connected
And who were the other 2 once mentioned. And they actually in one article said Ukrainians. Who knows?
I think this may be evidence of how common it is for people flying out of airports with poor passport control like KL to have stolen passports. If the plane turned around, as is being reported, then mechanical failure is the most likely explanation, and those stolen passports are just coincidences that got flagged because the plane went down.
There's probably loads of people flying around with stolen passports and these only got found out because of investigations into the disappearance.
IF in fact the aircraft disintegrated at 35,000 ft how can the fuel slick be concentrated in a small area? Wouldn't the fuel have burned up (if an explosive device was used) or even dissipated at that altitude? Airlines and military aircraft dump fuel ALL the time but you NEVER hear of any fuel slicks on any body of water because of it.
Hurley: Okay. See, we did crash, but it was on this crazy island. And we waited for rescue, and there wasn't any rescue. And there was a smoke monster, and then there were other people on the island. We called them the Others, and they started attacking us. And we found some hatches, and there was a button you had to push every 108 minutes or... well, I was never really clear on that. But... the Others didn't have anything to do with the hatches. That was the DHARMA Initiative. The Others killed them, and now they're trying to kill us. And then we teamed up with the Others because some worse people were coming on a freighter. Desmond's girlfriend's father sent them to kill us. So we stole their helicopter and we flew it to their freighter, but it blew up. And we couldn't go back to the island because it disappeared, so then we crashed into the ocean, and we floated there for a while until a boat came and picked us up. And by then, there were six of us. That part was true. But the rest of the people... who were on the plane? They're still on that island.
Making light of a tragedy is disgusting. The fates will deal with you.
No such thing as "the fates" Richard. Calm down.
Yeah Karl .... hey Richard, what are The Fates?
My heart goes out to the families of the missing, unlike some knuckle draggers who have posted disgustingly low brow attempts at humor in the face of this apparent tragedy.
How can a plane disintegrate with no trace of its ever being in existence? This tentative conclusion makes no sense.
Yup and if it was blown up why would one turn the plane around first ....it could simply be just blown up if it was a bomb
Amazing how people are trying to come up with different answers as to what happen. No one knows what happened at this point. What we do know Is that life is not certain, thus get yours in order. More than anything, this what this story reminds me of, which is uncertainty. Ask me what happened, and I'll tell you I don't know. Ask me what to do, make peace with your maker and seek purpose in life.
Missing Malaysia flight: Probe into why FIVE passengers checked in but never boarded as searchers say they have found no wreckage, no signals and no clues Search teams still unable to find trace of missing Malaysia Airlines plane Singaporean submarine MV Swift Rescue called in to assist in search Interpol investigating whether up to four passengers had stolen passports Five passengers also checked on to flight but did not board plane U.S. Navy P-3 aircraft capable of covering 1,500 sq miles every hour was sweeping the northern part of the Strait of Malacca today
It's doubtful that a sudden, mid-air explosion, would cause a dragging, 6'mile long oil slick. That slick indicates the plane was somewhat intact and may have even coasted on the ocean surface for a bit, before sinking. It is indeed a mystery.
How in the world do they theorize that the plane disintegrated in the air? There would be debris all over the water surface if it did.
I wonder who was on that aircraft that might have been a target for somebody or some group?
From the press conference with Azharuddin Abdul Rahman - Director General of DCA, and Jauhari Yahya - MAS CEO, we've all learned a few things... - Average primary school kids in a English speaking countries, like Malaysia claimed to be, deliver better English sentence than Azharuddin. - Average Airlines Officers can deliver more information than the quietly-sitting-there Jauhari. - Its a shameful thing to have Malaysia Aviation Authority to be lead by people like Azharuddin. A waste of taxpayer resources. International reporters are not getting useful information from the news conference. - As for the MAS CEO, how he got up there is similar to the stuttering guy, Azharuddin, sitting next to him. For those of you who don't already know, this is the result of Malaysia racist, Islamic fundamentalist and xenophobic policies. The ruling government has policy to hand-pick top-post instead of meritocracy.
Malaysia is an apartheid country. It discriminates other races in favor of "Bumi Putra" or "Son of the Land/Earth." Their laws and policies reflect this.
your country is in a big #$%$ and this is the best you could come up with? there are times to grieve, to criticise and to stand united i guess you are not ready to embrace whatever you're trying to preach my condolence to the victims and next of kins
My condolence to us. Semper Fi and people die.
@FernandoT. Yes, most of those who claimed to be Bumiputra Malays came from Indonesia. Many of them came two century ago, there are also many who are arriving even as we speak. @Hasbeen. We have been infront of the tele since Saturday morning, tears are dried and towers wet again. What do you know about Malaysia social problem?
wait till the episode ends and you can go after the people you despise
Hasbeen, what do you know? Stop acting all noble. You don't know jack.
Spy satellites rule out an explosion,this very satellite should be able to at least tell us what became of it then.
PILOT SUICIDE. The co-pilot did this, bet on it. Another radical muslim convert. Stolen passports in this part of the world are very common. Could be linked to the passports , but thinking more that this was an issue occuring in the cockpit. 777s dont just disintegrate in mid air. That plane went straight down which is why nothing has been located. Hit the water full force, nose down.
Analysis of oil slick reveals that it isn't aviation fuel from MH370, but from ship bunkering activities. They just confirmed this a few minutes ago. Check #PrayForMH370 Live Updates for the latest info
My heart goes out deeply to all aboard and their families,its unfathomable the grief and anxiety they are having to deal with!
If the plane said to be turn back from it direction why they dont search the land area instead of water area. I thinking that the plane might be landed somewhere where there is no signal or deep inside the jungle like those isolated place and hopefully might be the are survivor that waiting to be rescue. Why waiting for the plane in Airport ? Should have search throughout the jungle area. God please save them .. sorry for my poor english..
Will that Texas Semiconductor company that lost 20 of their employee's go & in source those jobs now?
They most likely do have spy satellite video, certainly photos, but they aren't about to share that. Number one, such video would not prove much except that the aircraft came apart midflight. Second, everyone in the world would demand that such evidence be shown publicly, thereby exposing the capabilities of our spy satellites. It's best to pretend we didn't see anything, while sharing what we know with key investigators via the FBI. They can say something like "Naval forces detected a sonic boom" or whatever to cover up where the info really comes from.
Everyone knows we have a spy satellite. What a dumb comment.
Our spy satellites are so good they probably can see a fly on the top of your head.
A Boeing 777-200ER airliner with 239 passengers can not be accounted for. But YOUR whereabouts and every conversation is accounted for???
Where did they last lose contact with plane? Could it have been shot down by another country's military by mistake?
I think people are to quick to assume the passengers would die or become unconscious immediately on a major structural failure of the plane. However, people climb Mt. Everest all the time, and many are purists who climb without oxygen to nearly 30,000 ft and survive for several hours. It would be possible for some passengers to be sucked out of the jet at that altitude in their seats and not become unconscious. Some passengers would even unbuckle their safety belts and attempt to slow their dissent by spreading there bodies in a cross sectional manner. Unfortunately the impact of the ocean would be too great, and most passengers would be flattened like mosquito on the windshield of a car on impact with the sea. Then, later become shark bait. Its an ironic that most Chinese love shark fin soup, and eat dozens of bowls in a lifetime, but then almost through fate, give back to the sharks one great last meal. However, I digress, the point I'm trying to make here is the media wants people to think the passengers came to a quick end, when in reality it involved several minutes of sheer terror for many passengers as they fell into the dark abyss.
@Tom i like how you slip in a racist comment in there
There are no racist comments in that post -- Chinese do love shark fin soup-- if that is what your talking about? Personally, I would never order shark fin soup, I felt sorry that an entire shark would be slaughtered just to have its fins cut off. But, Chinese are crazy for the stuff.
its not about the shark fin soup. its about portraying them being eaten. and specifically mentioning the chinese and how they deserved it. that's racist.
And also your stupid assumption about "reality" of what happened. you don't jack$hiiiit
If it broke up at 35,000 feet, you'd think that there would be debris floating everywhere.
Unless the air liner landed somewhere that has not yet been detected, then the only other possible explanation might be alien abduction..... Whether the plane exploded or crashed into the ocean there would be debris of some kind as many many parts of a commerical air plane float and, as een in other crashes and explosions do float so as to be able to be found on the surface of the ocean. Even if it had crashed on land there would be easily seen visible evidence of the same. This plane literally appears to have disappeared......
I was thinking the same thing.....of course you won't hear much of that really....sensitivity for the family too. Hopefully they really did turn around and maybe just didn't want to go back to Bejing...is there a "triangle" or any type of theorized "portal their of past dissapearances I wonder?
Air France -- when it went down over the Atlantic, they couldn't find it for 2 years.
Or, they could have traveled back or forward in time, and will join us again at a later date. Time is happening all at once, so they could have be "chosen" to time travel in order to learn a valuable lesson for us earthlings that have not evolved enough and bring that knowledge back to us...
1st thing I thought off or some govts sick retaliation for China's currency manupulation.
William, the debris field is probably close to 50 miles long. If the plane was traveling at cruising speed of mach .83 (around 560mph, standard for the 777) and disintegrated at 35,000 ft, the pieces are STILL traveling at 560mph. They start to immediately slow down, but the majority of them are still moving forward as they fall. Remember, the Shuttle Columbia debris field was over 200 miles long. They just need to find enough debris to 'know for sure' (they already know in their hearts) that their loved ones are gone.
Something stinks about this whole thing! Too many unanswered questions!
Unbelievable and extremely tragic. I pray they will find something that will give a concrete clue as to what might have happened. Obviously airplanes don't just disappear into thin air. My heart goes out to all the friends and family members of those passengers. What horrible anguish they must feel and to not have any answers at all would be unbearable. Godspeed to those searching for answers and bless the dearly departed.
It's the Ho Chi Minh triangle. Jimmy Hoffa's there, along with D.B Cooper. Apparently those two couldn't stay away from the Asian tang.
When the whole world is looking for something, it will be found! The images of the passengers at the airport will show the faces of the suspected terrorists and somebody will recognize them, then t's just a matter of investigation to trace out who sent them to do what.
My thoughts and prayers go out the families of the missing.. Loosing a loved one is hard enough. Everyone has had to face this or will have to face this at some point in their life, yet not knowing what happened to your loved one is a fate that I could not imagine..
News of it being hijacked would be welcome at this point. Eventually some prisoner would be released or some money would be paid and the people could go home to their families. So far the only clue they had was an oil slick which also occurs in nature and the 'door' turned out to not be one. I sure HOPE this is the case..
Shouldn't a high altitude breakup of a 200 foot long jet result in a massive debris field obvious to anyone searching for it?
I think the same thing. But then, there may be a large debris field, and they simply have not located it yet.
That's exactly what I thought, Imagine all the things aboard a jetliner that would float? even the insulation and stuff that is part of the actual plane.
It is possible the co-pilot who has a middle-eastern name might have taken down the plane himself while the pilot was in the restroom. Maybe that is why no distress signal was sent since it might have been deliberate
That would also explain why there is no black box beeping. They might never find the plane.
Just keep worrying about how many ounces of shampoo I have on me, while not catching STOLEN passports?? Unbelievable. These documents should be better controlled and perhaps electronically scanned at entry, to produce a 'flag' when they've been reported stolen. Regardless of if these 2 men were the reason for the crash or not in this case.
I just hope this event is not to capture a large jet intact and use it later for terriorism. Would explain no small debris even found.
When it comes to airport security, why re-invent the wheel? Due to their effective passenger screening procedures, the Israelis have never had one of their planes hijacked or sabatoged. I have flown in and out of Israel several times and here how it works. Prior to boarding you are matched to your luggage in terms of number of pieces and types. Then you are interviewed by a boarding agent who questions you extensively about where you had been in Israel; where you stayed and what was your purpose for being there. The same questions are repeated to check for consistency. Also, the agent is observing your reactions closely. Now is step which is MOST effective, if the agent is uncomfortable - for any reason - with allowing you to board - you are blocked from doing so. No ACLU, no lawyers, no profiling complaints are allowed to interfere with this process. The Isareli position is simple - if being blocked hurts your "feelings" - too bad and get over it. Your "feelings". aren't worth the lives of several hundred men, women and children on the plane. Contrast this successful system with the political correct, "touchy-feely", #$%$-kissing, lawyer infested (ACLU) system in the U.S.
I couldn't have said it better myself!
Dennis the Penis - kiss my Southern Baptist backside on your way to hell!
dennis and Grey Fox - two jerks found each other.
No debis? Ummmmmm maybe it landed and sunk rather than disintegrated? I mean even if it blew up the bazillion pieced do not just disappear. Tons of foam, luggage etc would be floating around.
I was going to say the same thing about an Asian named Luigi. But couldn't he have been part Italian or adopted? I remember eating in a Chinese restaurant in Rome, and they all spoke Italian.
Tragic and so sad. For the living friends and family of the 239 passengers... I am deeply sorry for your loss.
Why would anyone give David a thumbs down for his heartfelt comment?
who ever voted thumbs down, something is wrong with you.
yep, doesn't matter what nationality you are, family is family and they all are grieving at the loss of their family members
Well said. Its how I feel too.
I am very sorry for family. God bless them.
i agree. these families are shattered for life. i feel so sorry for all of them. god bless each and everyone of them and help guide them through this.
I bet the back ground checks of those persons with a stolen passport will reveal a past of criminal activity and ties to terrorism.
It Disappeared 1 minute to Vietnamese airspace and there were Vietnamese military planes in the area, Sounds like Korea Air all over again. If the pilot or co-pilot didn't have time to get off a mayday they had to be surprised, plus the 777 constantly send system information to computers at home maintenance bases it would be hard to accept a plane just went poof and no one knows it. It would not surprise me a mistake by a military pilot sent a missle at this plane.
Thats what I thought it was shot down
This is not a war zone !!!
USSR has done it, the USA has done it, & Ukraine as well…it's certainly not impossible.
A missile would explode it, and there would be pieces on the surface of the water. Like seat cushions, which float.
Vietnam is not the Soviet Union. Planes can legally pass through their airspace.
stop it was an act of terror period! and I guarantee the religion of peace is responsible!
@WhoDat -- Ukraine isn't the Soviet Union either, and airplanes could also legally pass through its airspace…and yet it still happened. (Reference: Siberian Air flight 1812, year 2001) Oh, and since we're on the topic, there's also Air Itavia flight 870, in Italy, accidentally shot down by a French missile. It happens. Rare, and I'm not at all placing my bets on this outcome, but it happens.
There is no proof that either of those planes was shot down. They crashed. Anything else is just speculation.
Vietnam would no0t shoot down a Malaysian 777
I said it probably was a mistake by a Vietnamese pilot. But they will try and cover it up. Oh and Who Dat Everyone knows Korean Air was shot down by the Soviet Union, what do you mean there was no proof????
What was mentioned was a flight in the Ukraine and Italy. Those were the flights I was referring to. I wasn't replying to you. With regards to Vietnam, you are working under the mistaken idea that they are still a closed country and would shoot down planes invading their airspace. They now have normalized relations with most of the rest of the world (including the USA) and have treaties allowing for airlines to fly through their air space. It would not have been an unusual thing for a Malaysian airline to fly over. They are not the Soviet Union where they were on a war footing with the west. You can even travel there. I have and will most likely be in Saigon again this year. It's a beautiful country and an up and coming economy in the world.
Has it every occurred to anyone that maybe the vietnamese shot it down by accident and are now covering it up? I mean, shooting down a plane with a missile could explain a lot.
I can't imagine how awful this is for the families...I wonder though...are they thinking about the possibility of a water ditching, and the plane went down, and is on the bottom?? It could leak oil, and it would rise to the surface...I hope they're thinking about this possibility, even though it may be a longshot. I have no one on that plane, but I am bothered big time by the thought of people just "gone"...they are somewhere...I just hope they didn't suffer. God be with them and their families.
CHINA should ask their own Consulates : How can both fake passports can get a Chinese Visa ? Chinese Government is guilty not to find out the fake because they keep the passport couple of days with them and many people are looking into those passports.
No mystery. It must be on the seafloor. If it had been a U.S. Navy craft, they probably would have located it already. However, for a craft so large, they wouldn't even try to bring it up to the surface. There's no point.
Nothing but unsubstantiated opinion without any basis in actual fact. Yahoo is the National Inquirerer of the Internet. If the plane "disintegrated" where are all the thousands of pieces of wreckage. If you remember the Lockerbie incident, debris was definitely scattered over a wide area, but there was more than ample evidence all over the place, including people still strapped into their seats. Even when the space shuttle broke up (disintegrated), searchers easily found debris scattered all over the place, including human body parts. Granted, this incident appears to have occured over water, but still, if the plane blew up they should be finding a debris field by now. Also, if this was a terrorist action, why has no one taken credit?
1) It's a Reuters story 2)The report is about facts we know to be true right now. 3) STOP READING YAHOO if you hate it
Not that I disagree that Yahoo is like the National Enquirer, but you do realize this is a Reuters article, right? Not to mention they are clearly only giving opinions about what might have occurred.
Good point, If the plane broke up midair there would be a huge floating-debris field- a 777 contains a surprising number of materials that are lighter than seawater.
@mark if you would recall Lockerbie incident, the debris landed on land and nowhere near an ocean...
Don't disagree but remember Flt 447 in 2009. Took 5 days to find the wreckage.
@Mark: ya i remember when they finally found the crew cabin in the Space shuttle Challenger, they released very little info on the scene when they got into the cabin, it was even thought that the initial explosion did not kill everyone right then and some were still alive when the shuttle hit the water. I can't even imagine being in an aircraft several miles off the ground and because of a explosion or what ever have the aircraft disintegrate around you, the lucky people would be those who died in the explosion.
Actually it appears that a group may have taken credit for the downing of the airplane. Read one report where the authorities did not say such a note was not received by a media source.
i would just suggest you grab a dictionary and learn the definition of the word disintegrated....means totally destroyed...not partially.
Cause the terrorist is probably doing what it wants, making the whole world go into havoic and laughing that they can achieve this kind of attack on any country. The plane is probably on the ground somewhere hidden under a big hanger, and the terrorist has the people and is going to ask for a huge ransom price, but this is just one thought. A jumbo just dosnt disappear without a trace. its becoming suspicious, that 2 were on board with stolen passports, another 5 checked in with their baggage but didnt board the plane, so their luggage had to be removed from plane. I think baggage handlers were part of this plane disappearing and it has made me never want to fly again. I feel so sorry for all the families, cause the wait for any news must be so painful.
They need to use finger print identification on all passport to keep thieves and terrorist from being able to use stolen passport. If they would have had this those two people(possible terrorists) wouldn't have been able to fly.
This could of been a terrorist attack or maybe a experiment from higher authority. I just Find it hard to believe in this day in age with all the high technology including the ones only secret intelligence knows about leaves no clues to what happen.i feel like we are being bull shhhhhhhhted by the media.
Imagine being one of their relatives, constantly being pestered by selfish reporters while you are trying to deal with the loss of of your child that was the pride and joy of your life. Things like this really make you think about all the things that we take for granted that can be taken away from any of us in seconds. Once again, I pray for their families, and I hope that the media gets an understanding of what they are putting these people through.
Terrorists love recognition so I would think at this point if it was a bomb or other sabotage we would have heard someone taking credit by now. 35,000 altitude combined with wind speed and the pieces of that plane are like little puzzle pieces thrown in the ocean. My condolences to the families and I wish the press would leave them alone with their grief.
This doesn't make sense. If the plane broke up in the air, the water would be littered with floating debris, from luggage to seat cushions to anything floatable. The absence of any debris in the water other than a jet fuel slick (which is very concentrated, and does not indicate airborne dispersal over a wide area) indicates the plane did not break up at altitude. We don't know what happened, and won't know until the plane / debris / wreckage is found. Speculation like this is counter-productive and is part of our culture of having to have the answers NOW. Sorry folks, wait for the investigation to conclude.
Your spot on logic doesn't apply here.lol Let's talk about those people who used stolen passports to board the plane.
Exactly anon, even in an extremely violent explosion, there would be some sort of debris left.. And if its terrorism, where are they, they usually want credit for their doings..
Until they have the hard facts shouldn't any other 777 Malaysia Airlines have be grounded for checks?
Black box...transponder.....these are automatically on in every aircraft and provide the information needed for these reasons alone. They are built to withstand substantial abuse, but yet nothing. Was it disabled at some point? Where is this answer or have I missed it in all these articles?
Unless plane was swooped up by Aliens it will be found it may take a long time though
Last I heard, the Vietnamese and Philippine military joined to help find any traces of them. I hope there's good news.
After this declaration I'd say start looking into airport employees & passengers because something that shouldn't have happened did! I cannot imagine what those passengers felt if they even had time to feel anything. This is such a sad and tragic event! May they rest in peace!
"You shouldn't automatically think two people with false passports had to do with the disappearance of the plane" But I heard they were sitting together. If so then I would suspect they did have something to do with it.
We, 'Joe public', should refuse out right, to fly on Malaysian (or any other airline) discovered to have not checked passports - what an absolute disgrace and sad joke this is. Folks flying on Registered STOLEN passports, Geez!, and they take half a bottle of water from me (bought in the airport, receipt shown). I'm hardly going to drink a bottle of Nitro-glycerin am I. We've all seen this stupidity many times.
So what good is a global data base concerning things like stolen passports if there aren't computer programs to quickly (seconds) cross-check passports with the data base. When I go through screening at security shouldn't any passport automatically be checked against such a database? It is not a question of having security agents "think" but a matter of building a safe system.
I don't get it. If the plane disintegrated at 35000 feet there would be at least some floating objects found by now. Lots of stuff on a plane floats, especially in sea water which is more dense than fresh water.
The real mystery is when The Malaysian Government at 1st they denied the plane was missing. The As i was view the Muslim little girl was weeping for her love ones..Then I started to think if a Jewish Air Line "El Al' were to vanish would the people in the country of Malaysian people weep? Or would they dance in the streets and say death to the Jews..etc...etc..., then I can guess no planes of Israel can land there anyway since its Muslims vs Muslim again, so these Muslim fight other Muslims for the idea's over this Allah who happens to be against Israel as the country of Sudan will up hold the removal of females clitoris and sew the entrance as to say she is a virgin and the world watches and says nothing and its business as usual in Malaysian as the weeks move on. No country makes a fuss about female mutilation and Malaysian denies it went down, plus two Asians with European Passport ( Stolen by the way ) and now 2 more Passports show up, Muslims, Muslims, Muslims....and these creeps will cry like the little Muslim little girl who will by the way grow up and say the plane was detroyed by the Jews...once again Us Jews will be part of the missing airlines world....Please stay tune...
This has nothing to do with religion. We never said such thing and shame on you for trying to spark wars between everyone. Have you ever consider that maybe the government have millions of people to take care of, so they can't just came up with statements lightly without conformation like media do, it will cause panic. I can't believe how close-minded some people are making comments like this when the only focus we should pay attention to is finding the victims as fast as possible. I know you are probably trolling, but it #$%$ me off seeing comments like this while knowing the griefs of my friend as his brother is one of the crew in the plane.
A. I don't believe you! B. Muslims have a habit with this Allah #$%$. C. You and your religion is a joke. D. Its not the government job to take care of everyone. E. You can't suppress what people think or say of believe and your a stupid #$%$ Diaper-head. Quit feeling sorry for your self...go put back you boomer belt and kill more innocent people that you good at..maybe if you lucky maybe you can get hurt also..maybe lose a limp...then you will know what a Muslim can do to you....that is the filth of what you country preaches.. My global worldwide facts vs your mosque Muslim opinion...but then I am a Jew..its a matter of time where us Jews Hijack the plane..its a matter of time...Mr. Dayahjae!!!!
Malaysia's air force chief said radar showed the craft MAY have turned around before going missing ??????? All commercial craft is tracked through its own unique signal and number from takeoff to landing. With all their vast resources,certainly Yahoo must be able to provide us with more information.
@ SMH....... Sorry, I must have had a senior moment.
There have to be remains somewhere if it disintegrated. Paper, cushions, luggage, BODIES! This gets more bizarre as the days pass. A 777 full of people and luggage just doesn't vaporize.
Hmmm...reminds me of of a certain field in Pennsylvania back in 2001. But funny, nobody seemed to have been concerned about the lack of those items at that time or later on!
I don't know. There still seems to be something that is not being made public. I'm not a conspiracy theory person, but even if the plane disintegrated at altitude, there would still be debris somewhere. Only jet fuel on the surface does not make sense to me. For there to be 100% disintegration and absolutely no debris seems like a very long shot. On the other hand, I suspect it's impossible to hide a 777 and no one knows where it is. That would be quite a trick.
Possible extra-terrestrial involvement.......remember Navy Fight-19? FIVE Navy Avengers went missing without a trace.
It has been days since the disappearance, and despite sophisticated searching not a single piece of the aircraft has been found. Then, this article informs us that they checked data from satellites and there is no evidence whatsoever of an explosion. I would say that those two facts would be leading investigators to be more suspicious that the plane was hijacked. The days ahead will tell: if the plane blew up at high altitude, whether by mechanical failure or by terrorist bomb, we would expect that eventually at least some part of the aircraft will be recovered. But if another week passes with no remains of the aircraft found, one would think that investigators would conclude that the plane was hijacked and landed somewhere, leaving the possibility of survivors.
What the spy satellites probably pick up is the heat from an explosion, if the plane just disintegrated due to being badly maintained then it would not show up.
the plane did not disintegrated, where are the debris? there should be something floating in the south china sea..., the plane was diverted to military base nearby.....its all about the stolen passport the missing plane is just a diversion to hide someone
Took 22 days to find wreckage from the Brazilian Flight that went down a few years ago.
The plane may have been hijacked, but without communication with the airport tower because the hijackers are pointing the guns to the pilots' head and/or they are capable of shutting down the communications systems. It may be the good news to the relatives.
"You shouldn't automatically think that the fact there were two people on the plane with false passports had anything to do with the disappearance of the plane," the diplomat said. And you Mr. Diplomat shouldn't rule that possibility out.
It probably was forced to take a detour and crashed en route.
so much for air safety, two fake passports, have to wonder what was in the cargo hold?
Seriously, with all the satellites we have orbiting this planet, NO ONE saw anything?
Heard anything either like those onboard fishing trawlers for example.
Malaysia, too lazy to check with Interpol. But hey now, they are a real law-and-order state. Smuggle drugs->die! Iron fisted justice. So, that's great but how well does it protect people if you let any joker with a stolen passport -- that's IN THE DATABASE -- onto a jetliner with 200+ "hostages" on board?
they should send some Typhoon Submarine under ocean or this is will really mystery forever. how can helicopter or surface ship help find sunk airplane because weight of a 239 pessanger can easily go down fast if it wasn't broken into pieces mainly doubts on power failed while on mid air
I think that this plane was definitely a act of terrorism. Too many questions remain about finding absolutely no debris or bodies. It certainly wouldn't be out of the question considering the terrorists that went through KL Malaysia when the 9/11 attacks happened. And how can Interpol come out this morning and say, "this was not an act of terrorism?" Sure smells like a cover up is in full effect!
I smell b.s. how in the world can an airplane disintegrate and not leave an enormous debris field? They probably know and aren't going to tell you it was terrorists with stolen passports because governments want you to fly and not let you know the security measures are ineffective. Commercial carriers were begging you to fly before and were dropping like flies, remember? These poor families are the pawns. I pray for them.
Isn't it amazing how more than 20 aircraft and 40 ships from seven nations including the U.S. and Vietnam can put their differences aside and easily work together for humanitarian reasons when Politicians are left out of the mix.
Assumptions help no one and hurt the families. The press sucks
There is a BIGGER PICTURE that is not being shared to the public by the Malaysian government.
If there as an explosion that high up, wouldn't there have been some kind of noticeable signs in the air? ( smoke).
This is very strange, but what if this plane was actually high-jacked by terrorist and on route to and intentionally planned to attack China and the Chinese Govt intercepted this attack and acted by destroying the plane and the media is just not telling us?
It's just like what happened to Amelia Earhart and her plane. Vanished!
You know, once one of my biggest goals was to take a one-way flight... one time to the state I chose to relocate to. Between the event of Sept. 11, 2001, which I don't recall anything about whatsoever, because I was about 16 or so in h.s., except maybe a Breaking News alert (and I have a hazy memory anyways) popping on TV... tightening everything; followed by the economic fall in 2008, plus the wonderful policy change of Delta Airlines effective 2014 or 2015, I was considering pulling out of taking flights altogether saying it's not worth it. Guess what, this disaster here, kinda scares me a little too... and here I am considering just a domestic trip, within the US. I don't want pictures and more tragedies by someone describing the incident, as a person... and the one thing that makes me furious as I read all these reports, is every journalist is reporting based on "may haves" or speculation. Let me tell you something: it is our right to speculate, not yours... why? We look to you for information! In a situation, especially like this, not just as a viewer... but especially on behalf of people who trust and rely on you more than myself; if you don't know the information, I'd suggest you wait before you have confirmations to let us know... (I'm still waiting to know myself... what a good sense the problem was... not what "may have contributed"...) As for the rest of the victims and families, Best GK
You are still more likely to die driving a car than in an airplane. Shenanigans or not. Just a fact. If you play the odds, taking a flight is in your favor.
". . . and here I am considering just a domestic trip, within the US." Flying will never be safe as long as you have to drive to the airport.
...And again, the replies here miss the point... (I don't drive period, btw... and just for the literal replies, considering does not mean a decision or a commitment.) If you're truly interested in the point, read the message again. So listen one last time, and I do mean last here: the point was about how the reporters are giving us information too early, looking bad themselves... and just plain angering us, in a major disaster... and I'm letting them know it. (I don't expect to get on a business or critical goal, ask a question to a store/company, and get my time wasted with the roundabout... f.e.,) GK
Guess I'm not interested, because what you try to make a point of is what our society demands. Instantaneous information. It actually doesn't look bad on the reporters, when they are basically being funded by what you yourself call, "us". Is that better? More on point?
Gregory, I think you need to put on your big boy pants and stop living like a wimp. By the sounds of it you live in complete and utter fear, you are missing life. I also suggest that you take every opportunity you have and peruse any and all resources available about the tragic events of 9/11. At 16 years old, you lived through one of the most historic events, and first successful attacks on our native soil. To have such ignorance of these events astounds me. As far as speculative reporting under circumstances like this, everyone is seeking answers. Everyone from the highest official in China, Vietnam, Malaysia, the United States, etc etc can only speculate at this point. I have read numerous reports from retired airline pilots who are now aviation specialists, and even they can only speculate at this point because there are NO answers. They have given lists of different scenarios that may have/could have occurred, with theories on why or why not these scenarios might have been probable. It has been informative and educational to say the least. Everyone is wanting answers, but to remain silent until they can give those answers would be criminal.
The media fights to get the scoop first. They have jumped to conclusions often, and even given flat out wrong information. I seem to recall them having the wrong "shooter" or "terrorist" identified more than once. They think we need instant information, but accuracy would be preferred. Instead of updates on more lack of news, they should just wait and deliver it when something actually happens.
I'm not convinced this was a terrorist attack, Not enough to go on yet except a couple of stolen passports and a missing plane.
If flight safety is the biggest concern, you should know that the USA airlines have some of the highest fatality accident rates in the world. In a recent list of top 10 safest airlines, none of them were in the USA. One of the airlines, I think from Australia, has not had a fatal accident in 60 years.
gregory still sucks his thumb and wears a nappy. What a #$%$
and he is morbidly obese so would bring down a 777 just by getting on it
It would be impossible for there to be no debris field if this plane disintegrated at 35,000 feet, this plane went down whole and sunk to the bottom of the ocean, that's why they found an oil slick and no debris.
If it went in the ocean there would be tons of debris floating in the ocean. 3 days and they haven't found anything, maybe it was landed safely by hijackers who will soon make money demands, that's what i'm hoping.
Until the plane is found I'd consider it still missing. Though I do feel for those who may have lost friends & family on that flight and will pray for them.
A plane like this can fly at over 550 mph, that's over 9 moles a minute. If a plane is commandered and taken off its flight plan, it can cover a lot of air space in a hurry.
It doesn't make sense for a plane to disintegrate at 35,000 feet. Even if someone on board wanted to do harm, why would they do it at 35,000 feet and not lower altitude to get the recognition of knowing what happened instead of everybody left to wonder. It is strange for 2 passports to be stolen and then also 2 tickets issued at the same time like these 2 have been reported. Also when were the tickets purchased, the last few days before the flight or weeks or months ago? What is really disturbing to everyone should be that these passports should not have been able to pass through security or ticketing. Why are passports not crossed checked, another news story states millions have not been checked. If that is indeed the case, that is a huge hole that anyone with intent for intentional harm could carryout on a plane. After this story, I again remind myself why I do not fly and trust anyone. The people that are suppose to be protecting everyone from using stolen passports that are in a database are not even doing the checks that are there to stop certain people using the stolen passport. I really hope they find the plane intact somewhere in the sea where they are searching. I also hope it is mechanical and not terrorist related. I am so sorry for all of you that have lost a loved one or friend and I do believe the entire world is watching this story as it continues to develop. A story that states the missing plane may be disintegrated is very disturbing and there is no need to draw such type of conclusion until there are facts found no matter what they happen to be. Until there is some proof, lets not speculate of a disintegration out of respect for the families that have loved ones on board that plane.
I m learning A LOT about airplanes. Yes they can and have broken up and disintegrated at cruising altitude. Google China Airways flight 611 in 2002. The plane had clipped the tail on the ground and it had been repaired years earlier, BUT it didn't hold and metal fatigue at that speed caused the plane to break up and disintegrate mid air. This Malaysian flight had a wing clip on the ground that was repaired, Eerie coincidence. The stolen passports may be a red herring in this case. It only currently suggests some kind of criminal activity or illegal migration.
Passports are looked at as you board, but are not run through a database as each passenger presents them. Not in the U.S. Not in Malaysia. Not anywhere. Everyone thinks it's a good idea NOW, but in a month they wold start to complain abut the inconvenience.
Even if the plane disintegrated in flight wouldn't there be a large pattern of small, lightweight materials that would have fallen from the sky, some of which would be floating on top of the water and be visible? Also, if the plane disintegrated in air how can there be a fuel slick on the water?
How far did the plane go once it turned around ? Why did it disappear off radar ? No distress call? If it was a bomb would they actually want to turn around to blow it up? No terrorist group claiming ownership..no parts or derbies
If this was Israeli airport security, they would have questioned the two Asian men with European passports and checked with Interpol about the passports. Israeli security are trained to spot suspicious passengers. These "Asians" were counting on the fact that Malaysia has lax security and did not profile.
WEnt to Israel with my church group. The airport security there sure doesn't fool around!
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. Although yes, how a stolen passport managed to somehow purchase and board an international flight is beyond me but that comment is just irrational. So every single naturalized citizen of a country whose skin color isn't the typical stereotypical color must be scrutinized? Thats not right, the key is we need to make some integrated system that connects every airport with the interpool database. How hard can that be?
Many Asian countries are very homogenious so this would stand out.
I totally agree with you, that Malaysian official's comment is idiotic. There are many people of Asian descent all over Europe. He's just uneducated and stuck in 1700.
come on. in this case you at least ask questions to the holders ..
The two phony European names appear to be male. An Asian female could have an Italian name if she married an Italian, however, an Asian man named Luigi Miraldi is worth questioning because it's too uncommon.
Are all the cameras in the faces of family members really necessary?
I didn't know the earth is this "Big". I thought it could be located easily especially now with the technology, machinery we have!
mystery deepens, the oil slicks test result has been confirmed as not coming from the plane.
The World Trade Center, Hiroshima, Nagasaki, and Dresden disintegrated too.
I just want to know what the official story is now...i read a report that says the Vietnamese found a huge oil slick (pictures were included on a Yahoo article), then I read a story that said Malaysian officials say plane might have turned around, then there's this story about the plane disintegrating, and I just saw the front page of my local newspaper which said two stolen passports were on board. What the hell is going on?
People keep calling me an idiot, but I still think it was accidently blown out of the sky by a missle. There are exercises in that area ( one is being done by the US ), and do not think it is immposible to think this happened. If a missle hit the plane, it would destroy it. Period. You will not find anything as if this happened at 35K ft. I don't know, but I believe we will NEVER know..
Even if a missile hits it, there will still be debris.
Asian faces using European Passports!! And that did not raise any concerns with immigrations? Very poor security at this airport and total lack of security by the airlines and the whole country.
My neighbour is French. His parents were Vietnamese. So no, they are probably used to see a few of them every time. That doesn't include all the adopted kids coming back to find their roots.
Ok, a Boeing 777 does not just disintegrate in mid flight. One in flight break up that I can think of is China Airlines 611, but that aircraft was involved in a tail strike and was improperly repaired.
Yeah and doesn't turn around an no distress call
Speculation. That's it and that's all. Media at it's finest. Have you noticed pretty much every article starts with "May have?" That's all it is. Speculation. I'm going to break it down as a person who doesn't buy into the hype. If a terrorist hijacked a plane and there was a battle causing a plane to blow up mid air.... Why was oil spotted. If there was a terrorist we would most likely know about it by now. They tend to speak up. If something "violent" happened and the crew was not able to radio? I don't know about you. But if something failed on the plane (which can happen they're not 100% safe) I don't know about you. But I would most likely use my focus of "oh S oh S" to try and correct the problem instead of getting on the radio for help. The simple fact is nobody knows. Conspiracy theorists and the media are going to find anyway to spin this. In reality? Nobody knows. Instead of trying to kick up a lot of page hits and whatever else, let the dead RIP. The more bogus media attention brought to this will do exactly that. Terrorists taking credit for it, money to be made off web conspiracy pages and the government trying to find a way to use this as an example for why the budget needs to be expanded to thwart "acts like this." Sometimes planes crash. We all know that. Let it go. Pay your respect and just let it go!!!! If a terrorist wanted to take a plane I highly doubt it would have been that one. Think about that. Furthermore. If anyone randomly shot it down? Come on..... Use your heads.
you can't just say that to the victims' families. if your loved one disappeared mysteriously, you would want answers too.
No. Myspace is done.... I'm just trying to prove a point. Words like "may have" "a source" "an expert" do not mean anything. If they knew? It would be "the way it went down." They don't know.... But here's a really simple way to answer this question in the future... You know real time GPS? Not a black box. Like GPS. That thing we can use on our cell phones every day? Why not track a plane. You'll know exactly where it was and when it stopped. You'll know if it just blew up and didn't move, or possible took a dive and went down. We have the technology. And I'm sure the investigators are looking into it right now. In the meantime? Go on speculating media. Because you really have no idea what happened. Tell me you did. Please. Tell me 100%. Making $ off websites and dead people is what they're doing.
Tom....you are right. Speculation is terrible for the families and friends, and does nothing to find out what really happened. It is downright cruel. They will speculate for months and closure is hard enough as it is under normal circumstances instead of this circus that the media is creating. .
Sammie, I believe shouts of idiots yelling "Allah Akbar! " were indeed heard on that plane.
how is there not a database that automatically alerts airport security when someone tries to use a stolen passport?
There is. It was not checked.
It is a terrible shame that they can not find one piece of evidence of this plane. Prayer go out to the families.
Why dont they make planes out of the same material they make the flight recorders?
Well, they may not be able to blow up the plane, but they can blow up everyone inside it. That leaves the problem with the plane flying with no one to control it.
it was a joke.. since usually the only things that survives in 1 piece are the flight recorders..
If it was blown-up by terrorist then they would find big pieces of the plane floating in the ocean. Even now, they haven't found any. It would take a missile to completely destroy the plane.
A plane disintegrating with minimal trace evidence... Lets just start with the complex molecular structure of the food.. Let alone the humans, metals, heat, plastics and and probably the most important... OXYGEN!!! That term has been used very loosely. Go home Reuters, you're drunk.
God please help guide the men looking for the plane. and bring closer to the families of the people on board that ill-fated flight ! My heart goes out to them all!
All this reminds me of the Flight 93 airplane crash in Stonycreek Township, Pennsylvania on 9/11/01. I think someone on that plane crashed it on purpose. Either the terrorist or the pilots in order to prevent maybe thousands more deaths as they did on Flight 93.
"The fact that we are unable to find any debris so far appears to indicate that the aircraft is likely to have disintegrated at around 35,000 feet," Did grass just become red and water dry. Do bird swim in the seas in shell made of iron. If the pland had disintegrated then their would be items, thanks to gravity, would have fall back to earth an not everything would sink. Something will be found either today, next week or years from now but something will show up.
They say the door may be floating.
AM WITH YOU ITS BS!!!!! JUST LIKE THE PLANE AT PENTAGON !!!!! LOL
This story does NOT make much sense to me, there's NO WAY a plane would simply DISINTEGRATE. Even if the pilot made a RIDICULOUSLY ABRUPT MOVE, a wing may snap off, or the fin, or even the plane itself snapping in half, GPS/tracking devices would show the abrupt move, and the PILOT or the CREW (if something happened to the pilot!?) would still have time and be able to send a STRESS SIGNAL and call for help BEFORE crashing into sea. The ONLY thing that makes sense to ME would be an EXPLOSION, which explains the sudden disappearance off the radar and NO COMMUNICATION!?!
No. If a wing or snapped off (very unlikely) the G forces would not allow anyone an opportunity to send a signal. Not even to hit a button.
Actually, probably 4 Suitcases full of explosives.
Massive decompression could implode the plane.
Jim, I DO AGREE with you... good point!
There is a lot of stuff in an aircraft that floats, not to mention every seat is a floatation device like they say. If it came apart in the air the debris field would be huge, especially from seven miles up.
A debris field of pieces the size of pop bottles is not visible at a distance.
Aliens? What would cause a plane to disappear without a trace?
SInce there seems to be no evidence...possibility exists plane was hijacked and unfortunately flew the plane into the water a different location or ... pilots "thought" the plane was on autopilot but it wasn't and plane gradually descended into the ocean without notice...or a catastrophic HVAC failure where all passengers/crew lose concsiousness...
Sure looks like Justin and Selena are getting back together.
Heartfelt sympathies to the suffering families! "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," Well, assuming that the airline folks let these 2 individuals through, there is still a bigger piece missing. How and what did these 2 people do to the flight that caused it to vanish or disintegrate? Getting on board a plane with fake documents is one thing, to cause a flight to crash without any communication being relayed to the ground control is beyond comprehension. I hope officials get to the bottom of this as quickly as possible. Peace be with the families.
seriously who would thumbs down your comment. geez.
In Singapore we have caucasian holders of Singapore passport regardless of the fact that the population is mostly made up by Chinese, Malays and Indians. In some Northern countries, there are Vietnamese that came as boat refugees holding Scandinavian passports as well as Chinese that have lived there for hundred of years, so actually it would be very hard to dispute that the holder of a passport is not entitled to it.
We have a lot of Asian faces in this country that are and have American passports.
How ignorant can you get? Typical stereotyping mentality! Many 'Asians' have settled in European countries and have not only taken on the nationality but have anglicised their names.
An explosion large enough to cause all/most of the debris to vaporize would have been seen for miles away if the aircraft had actually risen to 6 miles up. For the blackboxes to have stopped sending information means they were disconnected or hit by something able to deliver a degaus/emp effect.
Everybody should kiss and hug their loved ones tonight and be thankful who so ever they think supreme to be lucky to have their loved ones with them. It's so sad and unthinkable why humans can't even act like humans anymore. Stop killing innocent people you sons of satan pleeeezzz.
Maybe, instead of disintegrating, this plane was instead vaporized.
Asian faces with Italian & Austrian faces? Isn't that racial profiling? Perhaps they're allowed to do that in their country... kudos to them!
Yes but a simple question like " which day did you become a naturalized Italian" and the persons response would tell you they were up to no good or not.
where is the GPS or RF ID attached to this plane? suppose the plane broke up to one million pieces: Where is the millionths piece to which the GPS or tracking RF ID is attached??? no signal? this is the year 2014! things can't just "disappear" especially a aircraft like the triple 7?! unless the ocean completely swallowed the plane in whole 1+1 does not equal 2 in this story?!
I'm wondering if the possible hijackers had them fly it out of the atmosphere. No debris, or tracking signals??? Really???
At. Lori.. That is an impossible scenario
I don't doubt many people using stolen passports get through every day, but two on the same flight, stolen from the same country, raises a lot of flags They need to be looking hard at the immigration official(s) who let the people with stolen passports through. Did they both go to the same agent? There's a whole lot that could have been going on.
These Malaysian guys are freaking #$%$. Plane turn back?. You idiots, those Military radar is showing pieces of the plane broken up at 35,000 feet. Miliraty radar is set to detect much smaller planes. Compare that size with a same 777 radar signal. You will see that this so called plane foot print is much smaller than a actual plane. Get those oil slick samples & check. How difficult is that ?. Vietnamese are either F** liars or did not know what they are doing. You see something looks like the door of a plane, call a helicopter & stay with it even in the night till ships come there. This is very short distance from that island . Come onn.
Liza - Spot on - what the military radar showed was a cloud of wind blown bits and pieces of aircraft fuselage insulation, cushion material, and other fairly light debris remaining airborne after an onboard explosion. Such a cloud could have been blown in any direction at that altitude .
if the plane disintegrated then all the people also disintegrated now, todays scientists say that a comet "seeded" earth with the ingredients for life and that life as we know it, was the result of that seeding but here we have a plane, filled with people...fully constructed people, with dna and all and yet, who among us expects life to be the result?
Are they using devices to find the plane/anything below the waters near the oil slicks?
Not worth looking plane never went down.
The chances of this being a mechanical failure are like winning the lottery or being struck by lightning. The chances of this being human error (pilot, terrorist, etc) is plenty more likely. The answers will rest in the investigation of wreckage material and the black box.
This was a retaliation against the killing of Uighur citizens in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region by the Chinese government...The plane was carrying many Chinese citizens and with 2 stolen passports on board says nothing more then a terrorist act by some groups against the Chinese government...The plane disintegrated in mid air from a huge explosion which left nothing to look for...Search teams will be lucky to find something in the coming days, the only hope now is the black box which may lead to some information if it is found...
Makes sense. Why do these terrorists attack innocent civilians instead of directly attacking the Chinese government? Cowards.
Makes sense. Why do these terrorists attack innocent civilians instead of directly attacking the Chinese government? Cowards.
Normally, someone or some group claims responsibility when a successful terrorist attack is pulled off. The silence just makes me wonder more.
TT, terrorists need to claim they did the deed or what's the point? So far no claims have been made. If it was a terrorist act then something must have gone wrong (maybe a bomb went off in error). Who knows.....Terrible for all concerned.
Are there vital components of airline communication in any areas near a baggage compartment? Such might knock out communication if there were an explosion near them.
I am an American living in China now. We just had a terrorist group, believed to be the Uigur, kill about 30 people and injure 130 more in a train station just last week. This is a little too close of an incident to make many people here wonder. In fact, the majority of my co-workers and their friends and family, believe this was a terrorist attack. That is the consensus of 'most' of the Chinese people I have talked with. Again, this year, we had another small terrorist attack in Beijing outside the Forbidden City. That has been two 'terrorist attacks' within a few months of each other, and now this missing flight. I hope that it wasn't an act of terrorism, but regardless, it is absolutely heartbreaking. Sidenote: the Chinese government is notorious for not reporting things to the people. The train station attacks didn't even make front page news here and no one would talk about it. Much different than living in the U.S. and something like this happens.
Strange. Hope it's not another sensor failure. Remember the three airline crashes that happened close together within the last seven years? Those were caused by dysfunctional external pitot tubes which relayed external conditions to computer navigation system. The airline had to replace all of their planes pitot tubes.
Oh and news flash, there are electronic sensors in that area that can pinpoint a small explosion or an impact do to the force of debris on the surface. Maybe they just have not been asked properly for that info. We have subs there also that would have heard the splash. They can hear a sneeze on another vessel.
I briefly have followed this, but is there any conversation of the tower directing this plane? I read, so far, that all that the investigators know is that the plane turned around? But, no pilot would just turn around for no reason and purposely without communicating. Plus, there were two pilots. This is not good which ever way you look at it. And what about the cell phones of the passengers? My sympathy goes out to the family and friends.
I USED TO BE FREQUENT FLYER IN 2001 I TRAVELED FROM JKT TO SINGAPORE 35TIMES USING LUFTHANSA, 2005 I WENT TO MUMBAI USING MALAYSIAN AIRLINES , THAT MALAYSIAN AIRLINES LOST SUDDEN ALTITUDE 2 TIMES AND THERE WAS NO ANNOUNCEMENT FROM COCKPIT WHAT HAPPEN, THIS SUDDEN ALTITUDE LOST WAS QUITE BIG EVEN CREW MEMBER SCREAMED, LUCKILY NOTHING HAPPENED, BUT IT WAS STRANGE FEELING SOMETHING IS WRONG THIS MANAGEMENT OF MALAYSIAN AIRLINES FOR SURE, FROM 2005 TILL TODAY I NEVER USED MALAYSIAN AIRLINES ANYMORE, I THINK MALAYSIAN AIRLINES FEW PLANE IS VERY OLD, THIS COULD BE FAILURE OF EQUIPMENT MADE LOST OF ALTITUDE AND THE BODY OR WINGS COULDN'T SURVIVE IT BECAUSE OF AGE, MALAYSIAN AIRLINES MUST BE BAN FROM FLYING ANYMORE, ALSO FOR PASSENGER AIRCRAFT THERE MUST BE LIMITATION OF AGE TO USE AIRPLANE, MAXIMUM 10 YEARS, SO WHEN YOU FLY WITH AIRLINES ITS BETTER TO PAY MORE FOR AIRLINES USING NEW AIRPLANE, LIFE IS ONLY ONCE ,
why are you yelling at me?
Because BGE is stupid. His statement only verifies his lack of intelligence.
I see you found the Caps Lock ...
There's what's known as a "CAPS LOCK" button on any computer keyboard BGE ... and since apparently you can read English, please find it and use it. Mine it on the far left. Also, commas are not totally optional ... lower right there should be a key with a period "." ... this makes things so much easier for your readers, if you have any.
I think we arent being told everything here. Someone knows something. In an age of high tech transponders and sophisticated radar, how does a commercial airliner disappear? Boeing doesnt make planes that just fall apart and disintegrate. People boarding the plane with stolen passports? Relaxed airport security? Recipes for a terrorist bombing.
This is really sad event. .. pray for the best for all the families and love ones
B-777 aircraft can only dissapear from radar if it is disintegrated in the air and this is only possible if destroyed from the ground hit with missile. It seems there must be some Chines scientist travelling and doing some research on sensitive projects and to stop or delay the project killing of these individual were on card and accomplished in destroying the B#$%$ a state terrorist act and cannot be an individual act. Once Iranian B-747 was also destroyed by the ground hit. Public will get conflicting information and will never know the real fact of this barbaric act.
Why could this only have been a missile, an explosive on board would not have been detected like the launch of a missile.
I don't believe the media are harassing the families of the victims. if they found a door they can find other things and that may be a lie just to say that's what happened. when I hear the families say they were loved no it's they ARE loved. God Bless the families and give them strength to Carrie on what ever has happened to the members.
It took 8 days to find pieces of that missing French airliner a few years back... keep looking!
New technology for Airports The Israelis are developing an airport security device that eliminates the privacy concerns that come with Full-Body scanners. It’s an armored booth YOU step into that will NOT X-Ray YOU, but will detonate any explosive device YOU may have on you. Israel sees this as a Win-Win situation for everyone, with none of this #$%$ about racial profiling. It will also eliminate the cost of long and expensive trials. So if you’re in the Tel Aviv airport terminal and you hear a muffled explosing and shortly thereafter, the following statement. “Attention to all Stanby passengers, EL AI Airlines is proud to announce a seat is available on Flight 670 to London”---you know the security system is working.
Just as long as this device can 100% distinguish between a bomb and a pacemaker, or a hearing aid.
Whether this is actually true, or not, it's a cool idea!
Just as long as the technology for it can distinguish between medical devices and explosive devices, then I'm all for someone inventing this thing. It would sure make the security lines shorter, a little messier at times perhaps, but shorter.
Stupid idea. What if someone plants an explosive on you or your baggage?
If you're that careless with your bag at the airport these days, you deserve to get blown up. Better that than allowing you through to take a whole plane down.
Why nothing mentioned about unanswered phone calls to passengers IPhones? If the plane is in the Ocean, will the Iphone even ring? If it is an unanswered call, is the plane hijacked somewhere on Land in vast Asia?
Yep, my sources say that one passenger just made a call from Minot, ND, and she was ordering a Big Mac.
which phone carrier has service to the bottom of the ocean Richard??
How do we know they didn't forget their phone before traveling? Or possibly the phone was in a bag that's floating on the sea somehow not destroyed by water. Just because the phone rang doesn't mean the plane isn't sitting at the bottom of the sea.... but maybe it is elsewhere. Nobody knows.
Most of the officials involved here seem to think that two stolen passports don't even raise a red flag. How smart is that?
An airplane that "disintegrated" in mid-flight would've left debris everywhere, but there's NO debris. Even a plane that went down vertically into the ocean would've left an enormous amount of debris. Could the plane have landed on the water and then went down? Yep. Flight 1549 that landed on the Hudson river left no debris field. But the chance of a successful water landing in the ocean and at night is absolutely 0%. The answer to why there's no debris seems to be that the plane either landed in the water and then went down intact, or it went way off course and the search is in the wrong area.
If that happened then the pilots would have been able to send a distress signal, but they didn't.
"You shouldn't automatically think that the fact there were two people on the plane with false passports had anything to do with the disappearance of the plane," the diplomat said. Is this guy in denial or what?
There are literally millions of stolen passports in circulation, do you think that they are not being used? The comment from that diplomat is one of the most sensible, he's there with his feet on the ground so no doubt knows more than you do.
I don't understand in this day and age why there isn't very stringent requirements for black box GPS elements on all aircraft. Even if it "disintegrated" should there not be a chunk that can signal it's location?
if it blew up, there would be debris everywhere.
If this was an act of terror, where are the claims of responsibility? If the plane exploded, or hard crashed into the ocean, where's the debris? If it was stolen, why and where would have been taken? If the pilot soft-landed on water, where are the survivors? The only logical explanation that is consistent with the presence of an oil slick but no debris is that the plane (for whatever reason) entered the water nose first and intact. Searchers just need to discover the point of entry.
The oil slicks were examined and they were found NOT to be aviation fuel. The mystery continues.
If it entered the water nose first, it would not remain intact.
H - depends on the circumstances at the time of entry, For example, if the pilot somehow managed to control the descent long enough, the nose-dive could have been cushioned so that the plane sank quickly and entirely whole, or large enough pieces (such as whole wings and engines) broke off and sunk leaving no floating debris.
Until they find evidence of the plane having crashed, I would like to believe it got hijacked with the help of a "cloaking device" to subvert radar,etc.; otherwise, it is just too devastatingly macabre to be left without answers.
No plane just disintegrates. Doubtful if it suffered some catastrophic structural failure all by itself either. Which leaves to two conclusions--it was shot down by a missile or blown up from the inside by a bomb or bombs. Looks like the work of Islamists.
The suspense and the intense of not knowing about the massive airplane dissapearing in mid air is just disturbing and nerve wrecking for the rest of the human race watching. I cannot possibly imagine the heartache and agony the family members must be going through. May this reality be over soon and bring peace and tranquility to the to the hurting soul of the families.
Flying is still the safest mode of transportation. Don't let one tragedy prevent you from doing anything. Life is short. Go out there!
The fact that no wreckage has been found is troubling, even if a bomb had exploded in the plane, there would be some debris, floating, such as the seats, which are floatation devices in their design.
Yes even in the Lockerbie tragedy, the people in that small town found clothing, and other belongings, cleaned, and laundered them, and had them returned to the families of the victims. Even wedding rings that had inscriptions in some cases were able to be traced back to the owners. That was over land, but even then, by now something should be washing ashore.
Here are two documents I wished the airlines would publish: (I) Seating arrangements on flight MH370 for the following: A) There were 4 questionable passengers that boarded flight MH370, where were they seated?? B) There were 5 passengers that failed to board flight MH370, and their luggage had to be removed. Where were these 5 passengers going to be seated?? (II) What exactly was on the cargo manifest, and where did the cargo originate??
Who were the 5 fail to board passengers?
Hijack? Someone hacked into nearest radar controls and intercepted maybe, the captains dumps fuel , plane, crashed into the mountains maybe? Satellite intelligence not picking up could be also intercepted by another source? Many questions unanswered.
There are reports indicating that the plane was accidentally shot down by the Chinese.
The only possibility I haven't heard is the plane being shot down either accidentally or on purpose. I think a bomb is more likely, but with all the territorial disputes in asia recently, I have to wonder.
They said they seen something they thought might be a door. Did they confirm that, or is it still speculation?
Is it really necessary to stick cameras in the faces of the family members? That's just disgraceful and adds nothing to the story. The media should be ashamed of themselves.
Maybe the plane landed somewhere and the terrorist (assuming) disabled all communications.
Whatever the causes or explanations for this Malaysia Airline to disappear, I hope that all airlines around the globe will at least learn to avoid the same passport fraud, from hereafter.
These #$%$ idiots. How do you lose a plane?
i cannot imagine what these pople who are waiting are going through and even if the others in the plane are held against their will what they must be thinking. Such a mystery of the 21st century. I hope that where ever they are that they shall be recovered soon so that this can bring peace to those who wait no matter the end result.
Its hard not to speculate as to what happened . Obviously whatever did happen was fast like a bomb. Did the passengers have access to phones/internet ?
The Chinese, the American and the rest of the non muslims must demand that the bodies be handled by a neutral country, because in Malaysian hospitals, even the morgues are segregated, muslims and non muslims (kafirs). Their religion and the country's constitution does not accord the same status for muslims and kafirs. We can only imagine what these folks will do to dead kafirs.
Two days later - no clues? Very bizarre. Let's list all possible causes: 1. Mechanical failure - frame tore apart. Boeing 777 is reliable. Not possible. 2. Bomb. US spy satellites that have thorough coverage recorded no explosion. Not possible. 3. Pilot having a bad day drove it to sea. No wreckage found where radar contact was lost. Not possible. 4. Pilots dozed off. Steered off route. Lost communications. Eventually crashes one thousand miles away still in the sea. Wreckage evidence may take days to be discovered. Some what possible - but too many "ifs". 5. Pilots shut off communications and steered to an island. Orderly but stealth hijacking. No explosions. No crash wreckage. Would be a remote possibility. But after two days - this theory may have legs. Hijackers may have demands or their handlers simply wanted the aircraft. Whatever - this is the only possibility where the innocent passengers could be alive. I hope this is it. It is reported aircraft had plenty of fuel - could travel 5 to 8 thousand miles. At least two passengers sneaked in using stolen passports. Asians using European person passports - implies immigration and customs folks were involved. So were the two pilots. Hoping for a miracle like this where the innocent passengers return to normal life united with their family, friends and loved ones.
Dear Roger, you watch a lot of TV. Also, you're a bit rushed with the "not possible" conclusions. There is still not a lot known and who knows what information is really being shared at this time. I'd love for you to be right, that the people are all alive, but seems doubtful. Also, if the plane was hijacked, radar and other means of tracking would still be able to follow it, at least until it got low enough.
none - you have a point. but the black box survives even a massive bomb. No signals coming from it. It was a clear night. Satellite images are quite clear - and radar can be spotty in the deep seas.
I am sure those 2 knew how to fly a plane!
Disintegration, whether by structural failure or explosion is not unheard of . In October of 1965, a BOAC flight took off from Haneda Airport in Tokyo bound for Hong Kong hit clear air turbulence near Mt. Fuji and broke up killing all 124 people on board. That was a bad day for commercial aviation in Japan, since several hours before 911 took off, a Canadian Pacific Airline flight had crashed on landing at Haneda killing 64. Oddly enough, I saw the wooden boxes containing the fatalities - I was stationed at the Naval Hospital in Yokosuka at the time - one of my less than pleasant duties was to transport deceased Americans to Tachikawa AFB for their flights home. A couple of days after the crashes, I had to go to Tachikawa to drop off a body and I saw the 188 wooden caskets there - apparently the Air Force had been tasked with transporting the remains to wherever the deceaseds' final destinations were.
Breaking up and disintegrating are two different things. There isn't a trace of machine or human to be found--so far. The article is making it sound like they/it all went POOF! Gone without a trace. I'm not buying it.
my wifes great grandparents were on that plane
who are the insects voting down on this post?
@Mr. - don't let it bother you, bud. There are idiots inhabiting this site that would turn thumbs down on EVERYTHING, because they don't have the moxie to intelligently add to the discussion.
Which flight, Tim, the BOAC or CPAL?
Im sure i will get some thumbs down for what im about to say but im gonna say it anyway because it caught my attention when i heard it..i was watching some vids on youtube today and i came accross this one,the title was,10 US cities hit by suit case nikes prophesy,i was listening to the guy and he was talking about a vision or dream he had in 2012 and he heard these words,2 men will get on a plane with a virus and befor the plane could land everyone would be dead and this would be the beginning of the end of public transportation,the reason it got my attention is because they said 2 men borded this plane with fake passports,im not saying this is what happened but it got my attention and made me wonder could this have happened,nobody knows so it was interesting to hear him say it
And the virus ate the plane....take your meds
what video did you watch? link pls
Rob..i dont need meds thank you,as i said it was a vid i watched that caught my attention and thought i would share it..never know
I don't believe it but it is indeed interesting..
Hollywood would like this far fetched conspiracy theory if reality bites
@Commenter..it was on youtube and the title was,10UScities hit by suit case nukes prophesy..sorry i didnt write the guys page name,ill see if i can find it again
@Commenter..it was Erik Browser111 page,but you can also put in the title..10 US cities hit by suit case nukes prophesy..it took me right to it
Has anyone suggested there might have been Snakes on a plan?
This whole thing stinks of 10 day old Sushi. First off, Two pilots reported oil slicks that were about six miles long, that were consistent with jet fuel. Well test the oil to see if it is jet fuel, if it is, then the jet didn't disintegrate at 35,000 feet, because at 35,000 feet, if it blew up, the jet fuel would have been concentrated in one area, and the plane would have came tumbling to the ocean and broken up all over the place. For those streaks to have happened, the plane would have to be very close to the ocean surface, which means it would have had to glide above the ocean surface at a very acute angle before it hit the ocean surface. at that point the plane possibly could have remained in tack, and subsequently sank, remember, it was at night. But the bigger question is why was their two streaks, The odds of two engine failures at one time and both spewing oil would be astronomical.
There really is only a small handful of things that could have happened, and the jet fuel was found over an 80 km area, plus two stolen passports, and a clear sunny day, it is beginning to add up to one thing
It seems obvious although sad and mad to think about, but the possibility of a bomb from terrorists is there.
That's why you shouldn't use anything made in China.
Crashing a plane into the ocean without a trace in the middle of the night doesn't sound like the shock and awe terrorists typically try to achieve. And no one has claimed responsibility. We know terrorists leave no doubt as to their intentions. My guess is that the stolen passports are just a coincidence.
well now we know pass ports are not checked very well, and what else is overlooked?
The lack of a debris field is just bizarre. When TWA 800 went down off Long Island, there was so much $#!t floating in the water that you could go jogging on it. Seriously! And there's not a f#@%!n' trace of debris? Hell, You should be able to see the debris field from space. The only way it could go down without a trace is if the plane made a water landing, stayed intact, and then sunk with everyone on board. Highly unlikely!
TWA 800 crashed 12 min after takeoff, 15000 feet up and pretty close to US coast. Different here. Possibly 35 000 feet up, in a much sparsely observed area. Much bigger area of debris. Agree intact landing and then sinking really bizzare.
Or the plane went straight in at 550 Knots nose first.
Many witnesses claim that flight was hit by a missile. TO this day the static electricity theory is still suspect
At 550 Knots, water might as well be concrete. The thing would exploded into thousands of pieces....many of which would float. And yet..............Nothing!
And they still don't admit that a rocket brought it down.
If there is no signs of debris in the water, then the plane perhaps made it back safely to land and everyone is in a deserted area waiting to be rescued.
Something - luggage, clothing, seats should be in sight. Is it possible that they dumped fuel and landed it somewhere for hostage purposes? Too weird!
The media could do everyone a favor and stop making this tragedy into an International guessing game and let it unfold in due time. Reporting that border officials are being ctiticized for a laps in judgement is useless at this time. Basically, quit igniting rumors and marqueeing theories until the divers find this plane. And, they may not, but prayer is more powerful than speculation at this point and is more needed for families who have lost their loved ones.
Unfortuantely I am sad to say I am of the opinion that you cant believe all the government has to say on something like this. Anything to avoid a new panic to flying like the last big one.
So sad, thoughts and prayers for the families and friends of those lost.
God Bless their souls, we live in a very dangerous world.
Asians simply cannot operate vehicles of any kind. As if the stereotype wasn't enough, try this for yourself. Pull your eyelids to look like there's and it distorts your vision. That's one of the reasons why they lead the way in getting 'wide eye' surgery..that and to pathetically try to look white of course. Anyway, I wouldn't carpool, and sure as hell wouldn't be a passenger in a plane knowing an asian was flying. And if you're some pc baby grow up and accept reality.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi was quoted as saying late on Sunday. Doesn't he know that asians sometimes change their country of citizenship? I work with quite a few Koreans who were born and raised in Korea, but became US Citizens, and now live back in Korea as US Citizens.
Hell, Russia bought one of their speed skaters from Korea, his name is now IGOR, thats about as Korean as stroganoff!
Maybe they're NOT in the sea at all. If they turned around, turned off transponder, etc, dove down, and flew to some land spot, that doesn't sound too far fetched now they there is no trace of wreckage......maybe I've seen too many movies, but seems possible to me.....
Actually it's feasible ... but you've also probably seen too many movies.
No matter what your opinion and there are many opinions being posted here. 289 People are most likely dead. At least in your opinions please show them some respect.
Thank you. I can't BELIEVE some of the horrible things people are posting here. Yahoo really is a sewer.
If these stolen passports were already in Interpol's database then why were they not flagged when they went through security?
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces." Not like there are any Asians living Europe. What a #$%$ #$%$.
Asian can have none Asians through marriage and adoption, however border officers should double check against available databases when anything does not look ordinary. The Malaysians did not do their job.
The passengers flying on the stolen passports raise serious questions. Apparently there are some 30 million stolen passports and when you check in for an international flight they don't even crosscheck your passport to list of stolen ones?? I heard that one the news yesterday and I still can't believe it. Apparently you can sail through customs as well with a stolen passport.
Hijackers took it down. That's why there was no sign from the pilots, they got shot and hijackers turned it into the ocean.
As more time goes by, It's starting to look more and more like terrorism, not just a normal plane crash. Unfortunate the security was not good at the airport. They allowed to stolen passports to get aboard this flight. It almost sounds like the plane blew up in midair. I truly hope I'm wrong . We will just have to wait and see how all of this plays out. I pray for the victims and their families!
it isn't unreasonable that Asians could have European passports, because they could be naturalized EU citizens of Asian origin. to have European names and Asian faces could be suspect, however.
AN ASIAN WITH A NAME FOR EXAMPLE LIKE "MATTOLA" OR "RIZZO" ???????? DUH ?
Indeed. I have a German sir name and a Japanese face (genes from my mother).
What are you- like the CIA or Military intelligence or what? You're sure talkin' like someone who knows things others aren't aware of!
Didn't they check passports and other "suspicious" documents? If so, why were these people on board. Perhaps the Malaysian airport officials are not too careful in these matters. Occidental faces on passports carried by Asians?
I pray that they are all okay. And if not, that they at least died quickly and painlessly.
I'd rather die fast than be injured and float around for several days.
I know Islamic extremists are in Malaysia. In western China which was once east Turkestan is under Chinese rule. the people have been protesting because of religious rights and they recently affected the deaths of 33 at a train station in China. Terrorists are now retaliating and invading China because of the lack of religious and human rights in China for Muslim's. It is very possible this flight went down because of suicide terrorists on board. They wanted to kill allot of Chinese bound for Beijing.If the pilots had some mechanical difficulty they would have radioed someone, but there is evidence they were turning back maybe because of terrorist threat and they destroyed it. Then again it is possible the jet just exploded because of poor maintenance.
If it is terrorist related I wonder why no one has taken credit for it.....
I don't think any group has come forward to take credit for the train station deaths either. If this is a terrorist attack and the same people are behind both attacks, maybe it's just not their style to come out and take credit for it.
Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces? Come on, Brazilian or Peruvian with Japanese faces is not possible? Argentinean with Korean or Chinese faces? American with Asian faces? Please, that's not the way to do a good investigation. You can have suspicions, but you cannot state that as a totally obvious issue.
Malaysia's state news agency quoted Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the two passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticized the border officials who let them through. "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday...." Imagine that, Asian looking people from another country...this guy is a moron.
Too used to single race countries. They do have immigrants but those stay foreigners, even to the third or fourth generation.
If they don't want people to catch on to them hiding something, they may want to rethink how they share information and their stories. May the souls of the people that fell victim to this tragic event rest in peace.
My deepest condolences to the victims and their families. Praying that God take care of them. Yet, I have a couple of questions. The Malaysian Home Minister says that Asian faces and European passports should not match? I think in this globalised world there is a mix of faces in many countries. Second, if the plane disintegrated in mid-air, why the US satellite pictures did not show anything, although the coverage is "thorough?"
How come no one has taken a sample of that oil from the oil slick & had it analyzed to see if it was in reality Jet fuel of exactly the same kind fueled into that Malaysia B-777 prior to take off! Analyzing the oil slick should prove once and for all if it came from that Jetliner! Or don't they believe in Forensic Science over there!
Are you serious?? I got an idea Einstein....Why don't YOU go get that sample??
Someone or some group wanted that plane undiscoverable, sounds to me this was well planned, explosives today can be made more powerful in smaller packages, and at 35,000 " the pressure upon explosion would most likely accelerate the results of destruction upon the aircraft and everything in it. I don't think the passports stolen has anything to do with this, and no real purpose for a terrorist act, but more of a planned assassination of certain person(s) on that plane could be some form of revenge.. The ones who had the stolen passports couldn't get them legally, why is that? The plane was destined to Beijing. The manifest list may show some interesting info. Malaysian Air has had some financial problems and has previously had some negative media coverage.How it happened and why is all speculation now, but two things are certain, the pilots didn't have time to respond, the explosion(s) was or were fast and super powerful allowing no reaction time. RIP to all those who succumbed and condolences to all their families.
The rich people in Malaysia are the Chinese.
How can a plane flying in perfect weather suddenly "disintegrate"? It is just impossible! Only a powerful bomb would have enough force to do that. Could have been a bomb that exploded right inside the cockpit that killed the crew instantly and caused all communications to stop immediately. Very likely foul play to me!
Built in, from ground maintenance hanger.
If the plane disintegrated at 35,000 feet no fuel would have reached the ocean to create the slicks that have been located. Also, tons of floating wreckage would be strewn all over the ocean some of which would have certainly been located by now.
The fuel would have evaporated or burned in a fireball. They are in Heaven and they don't want to come back.
There should still be significant debris to find, right? Space Shuttle Columbia disintegrated on reentry and there were debris found for hundreds of miles. It doesn't just disappear off the face of the earth.
it would be small parts all over the ocean. Could be harder to find.
Asian faces with European names - - - like thousands of adoptees or children of biracial families. Trying to match names with faces is archaic, but people get up in arms about the idea of fingerprint ID or retina scans.
But not many who fly as a percentage. It would be smart to look further when something smells wrong.
International adoptions are often done by wealthier families, who can afford to fly internationally and often do, especially on return visits to the child's home country. So international adoptees would be proportional on flights to their existence in the general population, if not higher. Biracial families too are as likely to travel as any other group.
Also, it would be smart to check all ID. So what if a terrorist gets a passport where the name looks like it would go with his nationality? Does the plane blow up any less? It's stupid to rely on names since our "no fly" list can be useless due to a spelling error. Positive ID - finger prints, retina scans, whatever else they can come up with that is unique and can be stored in a database, that's what we should be doing.
It if disintegrated in the air, then what explains the two fuel slicks? Has anyone tested the water/fuel in that area to determine if it was jet fuel? Why does someone seem to 'spot debris' usually at dusk or nightfall, yet no one can locate it during daylight hours? If positive ID of floating debris can't be corroborated, then why are missions being flown so late in the afternoon/early evening that if something is found, it can't be positively identified?? Too many simple, yet unanswered questions. Some authorities somewhere, know what happened to this aircraft.
Two people with stolen passports, one man holding it for 4 years before using it, book one way flights to Europe on the same plane! This is a classic activated cell and has terrorism written all over it.
My deepest condolences to the victims and families.
If this was terrorism (and Im not saying it isn't) but why has no group claimed responsibility yet? as this has got so much media attention you would have thought they would have relished in it.
Maybe their terror plan botched during the flight. And they don't want to jeopardize their Plan b plot or else the security will be more tighter.
I'm jumping the gun, but let's just assume it was taken down deliberately. Who benefits? Putin - Everyone is now focused on this plane while he continues to devour Ukraine. Other than that, I'd have to go with the usual suspects - crazy Muslims. I'm leaning towards the latter. Stolen European passports and asians using them. As usual, we're left to wonder: What is the point of killing all those innocents?
its so sad that in this time of advanced technology such big objects can disappear without being noticed by satellites.The only hope l have is that massive deployment of search team will restore confidence to the people .l pray for Chineses,Russian and all nations involved for peace at this trying moments.
The civil aviation chief is a mental midget and obviously not fit for his job. Where does he live? Under a rock. He has the lack of knowledge and experience to call this an "unprecedented mystery"? Flight 19, 5 TBM Avenger bombers lost in the Bermuda Triangle was an unprecedented mystery that lends direct precedent to this incident. Amelia Earhart sat precedent for this as well. The truth behind 911, the Kennedy assassination, and whether Obamacare will actually work remain unprecedented mysteries.
Midnight Moses . . . Feel better now, do ya? If you can't tie everything back to Obama, you can't write about it, can you. Guess who looks like the "mental midget" now? Flight 19 was a mystery for only a couple hours. The Bermuda Triangle did not involve a passenger jet. Amelia Earhart was tragic, and long before radar tracking, etc. The truth behind 911 was buried by the Bush administration. Lee Harvey Oswald killed Kennedy because he was a "mental midget" who wanted to make a name for himself. And Obamacare isn't unprecedented either, or did you forget about the prohibition act. Apples and oranges.
Sammy boy: Prohibition act? Never heard of it. Perhaps you meant the Volstead Act? No similarities between that and Obamacare whatsoever. What IS your point? Obamacare could be compared to taxation without representation, which was the basis for the Boston Tea Party, but we whipped the Brits on that too. If I blame Obama, it is because he deserves to be called out every chance anyone gets. Sorry to break your little liberal socialist democratic heart. Not!
Time to call 221B Baker Street and fire the incompetent bureaucrats.
Even if the plane "disintegrated" at 35,000 ft, there would still be plenty of debris floating on the water. That assertion doesn't explain a thing. It is also very unlikely that a "mechanical failure" would cause a plane to disintegrate so completely. I'm just not buying these explanations. Sounds like BS.
I don't understand how someone can board a plane with a stolen passport in 2014. I really thought they had taken steps globaly to prevent that sort of thing from happening. It would be nice to know what happened to that plane. All I hear is speculation and pictures of people in anguish. The whole ordeal is just so sad. It really #$%$ me off that there are people who might think killing that many inocent people is a nobel thing to do. I say burning them at the stake is a nobel thing to do!
This is what guarantees the existence of the human race for millennium to come. It's like trying to count on an infinitely long sheet of paper all of the irrational numbers. It can't be done. In one thousand years from now, there will still be people asking the same type of questions that you just asked. "It is 3014. I really thought we'd have perfect security by now" (i.e. "I thought we'd have figured out how to null and void all greed/power hungry/devious human attempts at bypassing our security"). It's why there will always be jobs....to figure out that Mega-Nth next irrational number in the infinite yet un-listable sequence (reference The Emperor's New Mind).
John, you must be living in a cave. it's 2014 stolen identity is not that difficult.
Matter is neither created or destroyed. There has to be evidence of that plane somewhere.
The plane entered Electronic Fog, a time space portal opened, plane travelled a great distance north east, emerged from the Fog off the coast of Japan in the Dragon's Triangle, and crashed into the Ocean. All DEAD. They are looking for the plane in the wrong area and may never find it.
Is it possible that the plane sank to the bottom of the ocean mostly intact - that would explain why we haven't found any debris.
This is an enormous loss of life and huge tragedy but the entire thing is just incredibly suspicious. Planes don't just vaporize into thin air. I understand the ocean is a massive place to be looking for one plane but something should've turned up at this point.
Because it's been all of two days. "the aircraft is likely to have disintegrated at around 35,000 feet"
conspiracy alert: maybe it aint so mysterious, maybe a certain country has developed a new weapon and tested it and is now covering it up
I don't get how the the Civil Aviation Authority of Vietnam said that they spotted a piece of debris that they suspect is part of the plane....they sent out a few boats to the spot just to find nothing. Are you kidding me? Why didn't that Viet. Navy plane that spotted it 50 miles away just go to the spot where they saw the debris and shine a light down from the plane to see if it was a piece of the Malaysian Airline plane? Unreal...geeez.
what? You want a jet aircraft to hover and shine its light down like it's in a balloon or something?
Is it because a fighter jet can't see an object clearly flying 500mph?
How about , the nearest boat was at least 3 hours away, and the plane had 1 hour or so of fuel.
There are pictures of it online if you look. It appears to be an aircraft door. At least it sure looked like one to me. So they didn't just say it, they had pictures.
maybe what they found was something disturbing. .
i'm dumbfounded as to how you lose an entire plane. i hope they fine out what happened to these people soon, as this is such a tragedy.
It seems to me that it is pretty common over there to let people through security and board planes that have passports that don't match there nationality. Unfortunately it takes a disaster to correct what u would of thought was being done to begin with. Even if this does turn out to be a mechanical failure hopefully they start doing a better job of watching who is entering these planes.
Sincere condolences to the friends, families, and people onboard the aircraft. But a lot of this does not add up. They have found oil traces but no wreckage? Planes dump fuel before emergency landings. I would have thought that there would have been some time to send a distress signal. They should be looking into the theory that the plane was taken over and flew to some island or something to later be shipped elsewhere. I just don't understand how it just disappeared. I think it had to have been on purpose.
They only dump fuel if they're capable of doing so. In this case it sounds like they had no warning and no time to react. There can be many reasons for a plane to disintegrate in mid-air, but we won't know what happened until the investigation is complete, if they can find the plane, the black boxes, anything that will help. Remember, it was at 35,000 feet over deep ocean waters, it's going to be hard to find anything at all.
Security at the passport inspection post seems quite lax at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. On February 10th, just 4 weeks ago, my wife and I watched as a young couple, probably Saudi, went through Passport Control. The young lady was dressed in a black Burka, with only her eyes showing. Malaysia is a majority Muslim country, but the question of positive identification of the female passenger was impossible for any Agent to confirm. We were flying to China, and this couple was not on our plane. The observation was simple, Passport Control was literally a joke. No one is laughing now!
I am sure you aren't saying that just because they were Muslim or seemingly Muslim that they are/were terrorists since terrorists can come in all shapes, sizes, creeds, religions, as well as races. Also, I am not taking anything away from the fact that their security passport inspection could be lax however we don't know the reasoning behind this plane disappearance.
Maybe our surveillance satellites might have recorded the flight. Too bad no eye witnesses from land or sea.
that theory don't cut it with me, desintigrated at 35000 feet, when you have an oil slick floating in a concentrated place on the water a disintegration would scatter oil and debree over many miles because of the speed of the aircraft and the oil and jet fuel would disapate to a mist in the air. one thing for sure is they wont find it at 35000 feet, what goes up comes down
They concluded that the oil slicks weren't from it.
No no no. Broken up through mechanical failure? No. No. No scenario could account for a disintegration of an airplane through mechanical failure. Hey, think Joe Kennedy. John's older brother, never found squat. Carrying voodoo explosives that they think exploded. That's the only way. This was terrorism, or bomb carrying terrorists that were going to target something in Bejing. It blew. Kaboom.
I am waiting to see. I do pray for peace for all these families with loss. It would be a horrible thing to go through.
This has terrorism written all over it.
The media can be so soulless.
this plane exploded way up in the air whether mechanical or a bomb and the reason I say this is because you have ZERO communication from passengers and or the crew that something was wrong, which tells me they had ZERO time to prepare for an emergency. My condolences to all of the families and friends of the crew and passengers
Disintegrated? That's nonsense. TWA flight 800 exploded but that was able to be rebuilt. ... I don't buy it!
Are people really bringing up politics and making jabs at one another on this article? Some of you are just pathetic.Besides that there is a lot of speculation about what happened and all we can do is hope for some closure...Time will tell.
No one knows what happened to this flight, but every speculative statement so far has been political.
The persons with stolen passports are Asians. If so, why pictures are not released?
Because it is an on going investigation.
If this turns out to be terrorist related the entire air line industry is in deep do do.
China has been threatening with their air space and water way and this plane did go down in the South China Sea.
Unlikely to be a mechanical failure, the triple 7's were the most reliable jets ever built even more so then the original 747's.
What makes anyone think that today an Austrian or Italian cannot have an Asian face? The borders of European countries are totally porous, particularly in the case of Britain. When one hears news that a 'Briton' has been Killed on a terrorist mission in for example Somalia or Kenya, it is more than likely that he will be a 'refugee' from another terrorist nation. The poor British! How their stock has gone down !!
I agree....it's not the face, but the name doesn't match an asian face...
......"You shouldn't automatically think that the fact there were two people on the plane with false passports had anything to do with the disappearance of the plane," the diplomat said..... Maybe not, but the fact that both were stolen in the same country definitely sends up a red flag. Harder to comprehend is the fact that, apparently, there was no coordination between airline security and the Interpol database of stolen passports. It makes me believe that we're never as safe as we believe we are.
and no disaster beacon on board either. Like the ones that float to the surface from ships and flash and beep and send SOS signals automatically. The airplanes in Asia are not required to have these location beacons installed on their planes which is really STUPID if you ask me.
When they do find the remains of the aircraft - and they will - all you fools with your wacko theories of alien abductions and the like are going to look very stupid. But what does it matter since you're already stupid? LOL!!!
Security really bad. Malaysia immigration not doing the job
Maybe the $1000 they received with the stolen passport took their attention away.
If it was an act of terrorism why no one as yet claimed responsibility? Unless past incidents show that this is usually delayed to a later time or not done at all.But whatever the cause the horror in the last final moments must have been unimaginable.RIP.
China just had a major incident with Muslim Chinese separatists (10 guys) that attacked people at a train station. They killed over 30 people, and injured over 100. granted, this was a Malaysia airlines plane, but 2/3rds of the passengers were Chinese, going to China.... so its not completely out of the realm of reality that *maybe* the two asian men with stolen passports were also Muslim Chinese separatists looking to commit another massive random killing of Chinese citizens. the few facts they have seem to point toward a massive bomb explosion at 35000 feet, while flying at approx 600mph.... which is about the only way a plane to *disintegrate* the way this plane seems to have done.
Of course! This explains why they have found massive amounts of debris floating everywhere
Asian men using Passports with and Italian and an Austrailan name? Come on.
From this article, it sounds like the travelers with stolen passports were screened - if that is true, and if they truly were Asians flying with European passports, then that agent is truly incompetent. But after this incident, it should be mandated worldwide that passports must be scanned by officials BEFORE one boards the plane. On my last international trip, I was able to do the self check-in - all I had to do was swipe my passport. There was no one to verify that I was the true passport holder, just an electronic kiosk. Kind of scary that it's that easy to board a plane with a stolen passport.
@subtle, did you swipe your passport in the U.S. ?
In the 21st century, the age of GPS, satellites that can count the hairs of a gnats butt from space, and highly sophisticated radar technology, why is it so hard to know what happened to one airplane? I mean aren't they supposed to be watching this things every second to keep them from running into each other in mid-air? Shouldn't they know exactly when and where they lost contact? If so, wouldn't common sense tell them that is where they need to start looking? As the old folks used to say, something is hinky about this whole thing. Personally, I'm not ruling out the possibility of the plane being hi-jacked, being forced to land, the plane and passengers being held by the hi-jackers, and they just don't want to tell the media or the world.
This is NOT 1939 amelia earhart days......Something NOT right about this ,in this day and age!! Can't find the plane or anything???
Where could it have landed without being detected? You don't just land one of these planes anywhere. If it flew to another country it would have been detected on radar.
Not nessarily detected on radar...Remember...This is 2014, age of cell phones,computers and so many other things that are still being invented to this day and age of time. Yesterdays fiction,is todays fact. The Impossible is something that has not happened yet ,and the impossible just takes a little longer.
It would not be "detected" if for some reason some government didn't want it detected. I'm not saying there IS some big conspiracy and the plane landed and it's being kept a secret. It more than likely crashed and is at the bottom of the sea. I'm just saying that without a trace being found after 3 days AND the advanced tracking technologies we have obviously being useless in this instance, it is a possibility. A government hiding the fact a plane landed in their country, for whatever reason, is not a huge stretch of the imagination, especially considering some things governments have kept secret over the years.
Please learn to read. They already said a million times they know exactly when contact was suddenly lost. duh. I think the reconnaissance groups know more about finding debris and planes etc than you do.
Yes, I agree. Seems kind of fishy. Shakes your confidence in flying.
@Lakes Lady. I know how to read very well. I also know they said they know when contact was lost. My question wasn't about when contact was lost. My question was why haven't they found ANYTHING but a couple of "oil slicks" if they know exactly when AND where they lost contact. Maybe you should learn to read AND comprehend a little better before you attack someone. By the way, IF they know more about finding "debris and planes etc.", why haven't they found a single thing after 3 days and 7 countries involved in the search efforts?
Could it possibly land anywhere else other than the sea like maybe in between the mountains or canyon as it was turning back or loathed in a different direction.I don't know the geographical area but who knows where the plane could have went since it lost signal.
Assuming this was a terrorist attack (777's don't simply disintegrate), there was a high degree of sophistication involved. Were these two stolen passports used on any other flights? What Iranian, Egyptian, or Saudi nationals have been in the Malaysian capitol in the last month? Where are they now? Silence indicates that there could be more attacks to come. Perhaps this was a test run. And if a state is behind this (Iran ) then punish them severely.
you war monger, just make sure you sign up to fight in that war, you want. coward.
Come on people how stupid do you think we are .If the plane broke up at 35,000 feet over water their would be a floating dabre field a couple of miles wide . Even if the plane hit the water in one piece and sank whole the impact would have torn the plane up.Somewhere their as got to be floating parts from inside the plane I know it crashed at night but I find it hard to believe it all sank without a trace in six hours before daylight,The take over was fast and radar contact was lost . the plane was forced to change course flying several miles before going down.
So strange, there's no doubt a US spy satellite trained on the area would have seen something. And even if it exploded at 35K feet, there would be something in the ocean. Something. This is heartbreaking for the families. My prayers are with them.
Something is not right, It's been close to 48 hours when the plane went down ? And they can't find anything ? Only the black box if found will say what happen ? Hope they find it right away ?
The plane blew up by radicals, price they pay for lax security.
yeah probably those crazy westboro Baptists.
Planes don't disintegrate on there own. Even with mechanical failure there is ample time to send a mayday and try and glide to a controlled crash. Collisions, missiles and bombs take planes out of the sky at 35, 000 feet.
Disintegrated... or exploded? A 777 doesn't just fall apart in mid-air. It could've also been bombed. Don't know how that would've gotten past security though.
The amount of explosives needed to "disintegrate" a 777 couldn't be smuggled on if every single passenger brought some. There would still be pieces left over in some form or another even after a very large explosion.. Pieces furthest from the blast(probably wingtips and fin) would be pushed away from the blast before being incinerated by the blast heat. Ever watch an explosion in slow motion?
It's all speculation until they recover the wreckage and/or black box. And at the rate things are going, it could be years before the families get an honest answer as to what really happened.
When will the alien stories begin? This is so erie, how can a large aircraft be so shattered that no pieces are floating? Someone will present a case for alien abduction- the entire aircraft taken into the cargo bay of a huge spacecraft. I do not make light if the tragedy here. I cry for those victims and their loved ones too.
I think they only abduct White people.
Sounds like the prequel to a modern-day 'Gilligan's Island' series. Or 'Men In Black'. Or, Its not missing, its just been misplaced.
Could be a Black hole, like the Bermuda Triangle!
I realize this is going to sound like a conspiracy, 'tin hat' theory, but...what if the plane did not crash at all? A fuel dump from both wings can cause the slicks and the fuel would match what was known to be in the plane. The article mentions hijacking, why hijack a plane just to crash it or destroy it at cruising altitude? And then no one takes credit for it? The only reason a group would not take credit is that they needed the plane and knew about Malaysia's sloppy security. You don't have to have a landing strip to safely land a plane. The tropical territory would make hiding the plane easy. Change the plane's identification....
Maybe the Bermuda Triangle moved to a new locale and swallowed the plane up.
This is absolute horror for the families. I hope they find the plane and there love ones can be in peace.
"In your belly you hold the treasures that few have ever seen " Jimmy Buffet wrote these lyrics about the ocean years ago .The oceans are vast , deep and mysterious . They will take whole planes and ships to their depths without a trace and are 2/3 of our worlds surface . It is sad knowing that loved ones may disappear without a trace but it happens all the time . R.I.P. Malaysian crew and passengers . R.I.P.
Did they collect samples from the oil slick to see if they were consistent with jet fuel?
That's why US ships headed there...well one of the reasons
I am so sorry for all the friends and families. My deepest sympathies. Much love to you all.
I was just watching a documentary on Air India flight 182 just the other day, and now this happens.
I hope they are checking the planes maintanance records in the meantime. If the plane disintergrated in mid-air and there is no known explosion, then it might have been a mid-air decompression that led the plane nose diving tearing itself apart. My prayers go out to the families. I can't get over this tragedy and the confusion involved.
The thing is, if it was terrorists, wouldn't they have contacted the media by now?
So how in the world would such a defined oil slick exist in the water, if the plane broke apart to the point of "disintegration"? Seems to me the fuel and oil would like be scattered about, if not completely burned up/evaporated mid air. Something doesn't add up here...
Asteroid just happened to be passing the closest to earth ever, and could a few fragments have entered the Earth's atmosphere and possibly hit this jet? I am always afraid when flying about this.
It would have exploded....satellites says no explosion detected.
Wow if a US official said this he would of already been fired and rode out of town on a rail. Malaysia's state news agency quoted Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the two passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticizing border officials who let them through. "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday.
How do authorities know they don't look like Aisians? Why haven't picures been posted of the two persons' of intrest? I think authorities already know the answer to this missing plane. They may not like the senerio and need time to fabricate a better one, just like flight 800.
This reminded me of the Air India hijacking. I don't want to make assumptions but it sounds like a mid-air explosion.
It's a shame satellites didn't instantly zoom in. Especially in 2014, they will probably start fingerprinting now...
Malaysians are notoriously 'bo chap'. Their airport security is among the most lax I have ever seen.Hardly a glance at the boarding card, security guards chatting among themselves while bags go through the scanner, the female security staff more concerned with their looks than passenger's security. Don't believe it? Take a flight from any Malaysian airport, especially the smaller ones like Langkawi or Kuantan, and you will see. Since there were a high contingent of Chinese onboard, Uighurs or even other Muslim extremists could have had a hand in this. Regardless, my sympathy to all those affected by this tragedy.
Aren't you generalizing about Malaysians, J??????????? You accuse others of generalizing, and then do it yourself. We call that "Hypocrisy".
J, my experience of Malaysian "airport security" coincides with your comments. Nevertheless, it is too early to know the cause(s) of this tragedy. It may be months before the pieces of the jigsaw are put together - if ever. However, it would not surprise me if the Uighur/Muslim extremist connection proved to be a part of the equation. An attempted hijack gone wrong mid-air maybe? Given the recent attacks in Kunming and Xinjiang it must arouse suspicions that something is going on. As someone who lives in China and flies a lot it's a bit disturbing.
I must say that the disintegrated theory is wrong b/c there are no signs of debris floating on the ocean. I am sure not all pieces of the plane sunk ,and some would have floated--especially dead bodies in the first few hours. We cannot tell until the wreckage is found or the black boxes are recovered.
That there are little to no signs of debris is why they're going with the disintegration theory. If the plane fell apart as it hit water they'd probably have found something substantial by now. Whatever happened, it must have been sudden and they were probably high up.
even if it disinegrated at 35,000 ft. there would still be debris somewhere. sooner or later someone will find one.
Any type of crash would leave some debris or flotsam behind, 239 passengers on a plane and not one emergency cell phone call if the plane was experiencing some kind of difficulty or getting ready to crash! And even Vietnam's watch can't confirm a crash, somethings fishy going on in the south china sea's.
Too much speculation and not enough fact is all we have read about since day one.
I am so very sorry for the loss of 239 people to Malaysia. My thoughts and prayers are with you...
if it were a terrorist attack, why hasn't any group come forward to claim responsibility? Kind of hard for a terrorist group to cause terror when no one knows they did it. Too cowardly to claim their crime?
I feel sorry for the families of those people on board the plane. How terrible it must be to not know for sure what has happened to your loved ones.
AF447 hit the water largely intact and we found bits and pieces before the primary wreckage was found 2 years later; any and every other plane that blew up or broke apart over water by other causes left a debris field... yet this plane vanished without a debris field, mayday, or any other clues. This is crazy strange.
Actually, according to reports, the tail section and a door have been spotted... so, today, that will be confirmed or not.
So what do the authorities actually know?
Why don't you call the "authorities" in Kuala Lumpur and ask them? It's still 3:15 in the afternoon there.
How about you doing the same ....smart a s s ?
I haven't the words that would make a difference. Whatever god they worshipped, I pray for them all and I'm saddened for their families.
Sad for the innocent people that perished. Strange that in this day and age that this type of thing happens. Surely, no one believes that it is unknown what happened to this airliner or exactly where the wreckage is.
Russia shot down a South Korean airliner, who is saying that China didn't do the same thing.
KE007 strayed into Russian airspace (during the Cold War, at that) and had made no attempt to contact Russian ATC. That's why they were shot down. Malaysia Airlines had Beijing as it's final destination and furthermore had not even entered China's airspace yet.
Modern airliners just don't "disintegrate" in mid air. Even sudden catastrophic structural failures are survivable. Remember the Hawaiian airliner that lost a massive section of the fuselage due to a defective door at 10,000ft was able to land safely. This is without a doubt some type of explosion on board. Unlike Lockerbie, the wreckage of this plane is scattered and has sunk over a large swath of ocean making forensic investigation extremely difficult.
while I don't believe it broke apart in mid-air there is a HUGE difference between 10,000 and 30,000 feet. And I don't just mean 20,000 feet
One could blame the mechanical aspects others might say it had to do with stolen passports it was game over for 239 passengers life is fragel live life everyday with guesto because in the end one never knows.
We have no proof they are gone.
How sad,this is horrible but the worse part is that we don't know what happened especially since we have the technology to monitor aircrafts maybe they should put real time monitoring equipment and live video feed of the aircraft.
This is not meant to be a joke and I am greatly disturbed by this and check for updates hourly. All I can think about is the Stephen King movie, The Langoliers when the plane flew through a time warp. I thought that was impossible at the time, a good movie nonetheless, but now with no trace it makes me think if they are out there and we don't know about them.
It made me think of that movie too.
A 777 lost both engines in 2008 on a flight from Beijing to Hethrow airport but lucky for this crew is was right before landing. They crashed short of the runway but all passengers and crew survived. Have to wonder if something like this happened to this flight.
Crew would have been very motivated to radio their position during the descent. Aircraft would have been under control in your example and thus a water landing like the Hudson River A-320. Rescue would be high on their list, thus the radio communication. I do know about the Heathrow event you cite. Those people don't know how lucky they were even though they crashed on the field.
I think this might've been an inside job. The Malaysian govt is now saying that there's potentially more passports that are suspect, This type of security lapse could either be pure incompetence or this maybe more sinister and there's a conspiracy here in the same realm of 9/11, Gulf of Tonkin and JFK's assassination.
My deepest condolences to the family and friends of this flight. Whether it was a mechanical error, a bomb explosion, bad weather or something. The truth is that lives were lost. So sorry.
Strange that many people with stolen passports were able to pass inspection and board this plane.
Air Plane security is nothing more than a dog and pony show because of political correctness. In today's world EVERYONE boarding a plane over 12 should have some type background check. If you want to stop terrorism, you stop the people who commit it and not the tools. The reality is that all the materials needed to make a device to take down a plane are on the plane and a modern plane can't fly without these devices.
Interesting. I was just traveling (returned March 5th) in that part of the world (Korea and Taiwan) and I can assure you they checked my passport picture against my face at least twice before each boarding
They must have changed the picture on the passport, unless the original holders of the passports were of Asian appearance also. I have been to Kuala Lumpur loads of times and they matched my face to my passport photo each time.
"The United States extensively reviewed imagery taken by American spy satellites..." Is the word reconnaissance just too difficult to spell? Spies are humans, satellites are not human. How the meaning of the word got changed to include anything that conducts reconnaissance (ships, aircraft, etc) I just don't know.
I don't believe it disintegrated, at that altitude, if there is a jet fuel plume in the ocean. I just don't think they came across the wreckage yet, it will be in pieces. But for it to explode in the air at that height, there would have been debris floating in the water.
One would think that if the plane disintegrated at altitude there would be a fair amount of debris floating on the surface. Many interior cabin components would be buoyant. Disintegrating at altitude would also spread the pieces over a larger area.
I agree this is tragic and sad and horrible. Scary. But out of the thousands and thousands of flights everyday, a small miniscule percent has problems. crashing, exploding, failure. People are at a much much greater risk of dying while driving to work then getting on a plane.
I am just surprised that, after 9/11, which has been more than 10 years, the security is still lax. After passengers go thru the TSA searches, at each flight check-ins, there should be two air marshals or FBI agents checking each passport against their computer systems and verify the legitimacy of each passenger's passports in a contained passenger area before each flight.
And why would Air Marshalls or the FBI be working in Malasha?
What if the weapon came not from within the plane and the two stolen passports but from outside it like a missile that would be able to disintegrate the plane? That is another possibility that should be investigated.
Time to help the survivors with all their intense pain of grief. Kubler-Ross and her rationale of moving through the stages of grief can help some while others may need more intensive therapy. No shame. Just help. Sometimes talking with someone who has gone through intense grief can help. No one is alone.
I've refrained from adding any comment suntil now. And all I will say is, I feel so sorry for the families of the victims. The loss of a love done is hard enough, but when snuffed out like this with a hint of terrorism is teh worst kind of fate. And this is exactly why I REFUSE to fly. The TSA is littered with incompetent jackasses who don't care about you or your safety. Otherwise, things like this would not be happening. 9/11. Three aircraft used in terror plots against teh United States, killing thousands of innocent people. Underwear bomber. Slips by TSA security, attempts to blow up aircraft and is subdued by PASSENGERS. About a month or two ago, I had to fly at no choice of my own and while going through security, a wman walks past me and walks through the metal detector with shoe son. I IMMEDIATELY called it out to the attention of TSA security and the stupid byotch says "She works here." You know what? I don't give a FK if she works there or NOT!! It's lacadaisical security measures liek that that allow breaches in security that are identified and used against us. Get your head out of your #$%$ and start doing your job CORRECTLY!!! God speed to the victims and the surviving families. My thoughts and prayers go all out.
Images of reporters crowding the victims' families make me wonder what kind of information would those reporters get from these people in such distress? They are sticking the microphones and cameras in the faces of these people for what? Why don't these pushy reporters go after the right source of information and relay the news to the anxious friends and relatives of the victims. If I were there I would say "get the f*** out of my face!".
Ghee, Asian faces with USA passports are in the hundreds of thousands. They are USA citizens. We are the melting pot.
Planes DO NOT disintegrate in mid air nor do they vaporize without a trace. They blow up, decompress, break apart, etc. There are no mysterious disintegration machines in the sky that pick planes at random to "jimmy hoffa". Was there anyone of importance on this plane?
And if planes could just "vanish" from radar the US would never have spent decades and hundreds of billions of dollars on stealth tech when you could just flip a switch in the cockpit. How low would this plane have to fly to evade radar anyways? If that's the case it would have popped up as a blip on someone's screen that would have been reported immediately.
To the families and friends of the lost, we in America share your sorrow.
We may never know what happened, but it seems pretty ominous that two people with illegal passports checked in. That seems rather obvious that something happened that was not normal. I hope they can find out who, or what is responsible and deal with it appropriately. Such an awful tragedy, for the innocent passengers and crew.
I think when all is said and done that they will find that it was a midair explosion and will probably be attributed to the bearers of the stolen passports.
Terrible, hope the family members find peace and answers soon!
My greatest fear is that a bomb was surgically implanted or body-packed drug mule style. If air travelers have to endure body cavity searches or high-intensity x-rays it will kill the industry once and for all. It might be time to sell those Boeing and United shares and get into Zeppelin and Cunard.
Wasn't that the plot of a Chuck Norris movie?
The plot of the Tom Clancy novel "Debt of Honor" came true on 9-11. Nothing more worrying than being told "don't worry", "trust me", or "relax blablabla".
Planes do not disintegrate on their own. Particularly a modern Boeing 777. To go down that fast, it has to be a bomb, as even a missile would give the pilot time to radio something.
The reason that I don't think it was a terrorist activity is because usually when they triumph, they announce their victory to the entire world. I haven't heard any terrorist organization claiming responsibility for the crash so far. The stolen passports are usually used to smuggle drugs from that part of the world.
Why not have linguists in airports? If someone has an Italian passport but looks non-Italian, ask him/her to say a sentence or two in Italian. There are enough people conversant in most languages to go around. Imagine a Dane with a Nigerian passport, for ex. And forget "racial profiling". It is more important to save innocent lives.
If you tried to fly out of Israel that is exactly what would have have happened, if not more.
Silly. I know a lot of Latinos that don't speak Spanish. They are only latin by blood, not culture.
@ JackM. And they travel under what passport? Actually, what is silly is Latinos not speaking any Spanish. What a waste.
If a large passenger jet goes missing for longer than it has fuel in the tanks to stay in the air it's gone down. Holding out hope for anything else was denying reality. That's expected from those who had loved ones on board but is disingenuous of everyone else to think otherwise. Finding out the where and why is the priority and even that could take some.
While I'm interested in information as I fly too, I'm disturbed by how many pictures there are of family members hiding their faces, holding up their hands and even hiding in their jackets. Leave these poor people alone - photos of grieving family members are not news, they're sensationalism.
If this was a terrorist attack, wouldn't some extremist group be claiming responsibility? Or maybe it was just an awful accident. Whatever the case my prayers go out to the missing peoples' families.
I would think if it disentegrated at 35000 ft, wreckage would be strewn for miles and floating, whereas if it was deliberately flown into the water nose first it might not spread wreckage. Terrorist
I bet stolen passports are used all the time. We just don't hear about it because most planes don't crash, and when they do, it's usually not under mysterious circumstances.
I just pray that they all crossed over quick and painlessly.
If the plane disintegrated in mid-air over the sea of Thailand, then some of the debris could have been found by now. Remember human body does float in the water and there were 229 passengers and 12 crew members. Something is awfully strange. The Air France plane that exploded over the Atlantic, human remains were found floating in the ocean in a couple of days.
Austrian Christian Kozel and Italian Luigi Maraldi - who were not on the plane. Their passports had been stolen in Thailand during the past two years Now those are lucky in a big way by being unlucky in a little way.
Can you imagine the horror at having their names released? No rest for the weary now.
I've been to KL... their security is pretty darn beefy.
God be with all the victims and there families! Something sure does seem fishy about this event!
My prayers and sympathy to all the victims and their loved ones...such a terrible loss. It's troubling that people may have been able to board with stolen passports but shouldn't any foul activities still have been spotted? What if they hadn't been stolen? Shouldn't we expect anything that could be detected would be detected? Again, my heartfelt sympathy to all who perished and their families.
Such a tragedy. Prayers for comfort for the families and loved ones of the victims.
Pattaya is full of people with false documents. If a citywide sweep was done, thousands would be locked up. It is also a hub for stealing and dealing in stolen passports, credit cards, identity, etc. the Thai round up the illegal Cambodians and Burmese on a regular basis, the construction workers and the fishermen, but never the terrorists, the real bad guys.
like two years ago chicano banda-california star JENNIE RIVERA and her close group of friends crash on like 45 year old plane like that was lear jet. yes supposedly built in 1970. all the experts agree that plane dissaapper from radar like 30 minutes after take off and supposedly reach altitude of 30kfeet. then it disappear . little bit pieces of the wreckage and no humans remains were found at wreckage about an hour from monterrey MEXICO. it crash on mountain and up to this moment they never found the black box and can not agree what happened. all the piece came together when all those people got on plane. JENNIE RIVERA rented an old plane at around 2 o'clock midnight. they took off where about ten miles from the airport are mountains. the plane was like 44 years old . one of the pilots was an old man like over 80 years oldddyes over 80 years old and then co-pilot was a man around 20=21 years old. and no the mexican narcos drug dealers didn't shoot plane with a missile like there are rumors in mexico. how can you control a plane traveling over 500 miles an hour at altitude of 25-35 feet. the malasian planes if bottom of the ocean period. no UFO or WORM HOLE or TERRORIST took it to some TERRORIST COUNTRY. those plane have secret gsp tracker independent of the rest of electronic that would have been track by satellites. that malasian plane fell from the sky in less than five minutes when everything went wrong. you got a plane weighting several millions pounds free falling at around 500-1000 feet per second. what can of force or impact is going to happened if hit water or land. they were saying the same thing about the AIRFRANCE too about 4 years ago.
Mechanical causes my #$%$. If this was even remotely true, no rational person would ever fly again.
If this happened 50 years ago, a large number of people would first think alien abduction. Now times have changed where the knee jerk reaction is terrorist act. Not sure what this says about how far we have progressed or regressed.
Very very sad. It has to be traumatic for the families and relatives of the 239 passengers and 12 crew members. Terrible tragedy for all those affected. Wish the media would leave the families some privacy and give them some peace. Its disrespectful flashing cameras at them after all they have been through. Prayers and heartfelt condolences to all the families.
My prayers to all on board MH370. These could only mean something really bad. Passengers with stolen passport? Apparent turn around without any communication from the pilot? No one steal a passport just to board a plane to China and a plane turning around but the pilot not making any communication? Your guess is as good as mine.
It's mystery or mastery; maybe more?
I don't understand people who think the plane might still be flying around. It would have run out of fuel long before now.
By now, I think we should go beyond what happened, we should find out whether this terrorist act is against China or some other country, not US for sure, there isn't enough US citizens on board !
A senior Malaysian police official told Reuters Monday that there have been past incidents of people being caught trying to fly out of Kuala Lumpur with explosives and fake passports. "We have stopped men with false or stolen passports and carrying explosives, who have tried to get past KLIA [airport] security and get on to a plane," the police official said. "There have been two or three incidents, but I will not divulge the details."
Wow. There sure are a lot of aviation experts posting comments here.
The majority that aboard that plane were Chinese nationals. With the recent terror attacks in China. I wouldn't be surprise if China join the U.S on the war on terror.
Praying for the families who have loved ones on this flight, its such a horrifying thing. I can't believe the idea of this plane disintegration into thin air is seriously being considered, I just feel so much plane and so many human lives there would be some evidence of malfunctioning and its sad the day and time we live in we honestly can't rule anything out there's so much evil and misfortune in the world...It would just be a miracle if somewhere, somehow all those people where alright. Praying for a miracle.
malfunction my @zz...more like a terrorist bombing...
They didn't name the "source", but whoever it was, they don't know what they are talking about. The airplane is not likely to have "disintegrated........... due to mechanical issues". Furthermore, if it had come apart at 35,000 for whatever reason, there would be pieces scattered all over the place.
A senior source involved in preliminary investigations in Malaysia said the failure to find any debris for two days, despite dozens of vessels and aircraft crisscrossing the sea below the flight path, indicated the plane may have broken up mid-flight. QUESTION: If the above statement is correct, would the black boxes even exist anymore?
What if the plane flew into one of the warp hole, I hear that story many time that its just warp you to a different place, maybe even time.
How is it possible that we can detect and get signals from satellites and rovers from space but can't find a plane here on earth?
Signals travel better through space than they do through the ocean.
Had to be a terrifying way to go. Hope it was as quick as possible.
How sad. Our thoughts go out to the families. I do wish just one time that the sick media would keep their vulture camera's out of the faces of the grieving families. The news story can be told and will get just as much attention without those photo's.
Close encounters of the third kind?
The correct word is used 'Disintegrated broken up into small parts. 'Vaporized' is referring to liquid and gas. Therefore a plane cannot vaporized. It disintegrated.
This is testimony of how well planes are tracked.
Islamic country with Muslims running Kuala Lumpur airport security is departure city. Beijing, China is city of destination. Chinese Uighar Muslims, incapable of speaking Italian or German, using stolen Italian and Austrian passports allowed to board Malaysian Airlines 777. Koran guarantees Muslims 72 virgins(with renewable virginity?) for dying while killing infidels(Chinese).
Focus on finding the plane. All the talk about what might of happened its waste of time . But can't understand why can't find any debris?
Looking in wrong area. Plane actually went down off the coast of Japan in Dragons Triangle.
any explosion in mid air should be detectable with billions of dollar military equipment countries have nowadays .If US can detect even slight heat increase in North korean region then i think same tech can get those big boom in air .don't forget with so many US base in asia & their aircraft carrier hovering on the region
Well,for the last 5 years or so our borders are so relaxed that is a sad joke,not only that ,but California wants to give a green light to the rest of the world by offering them driver licenses! Nice move by the Obama administration which will ensure the free flowing of drugs to dumb down America,and the Hollywood elite will be guaranteed endless supply ,while the police look the other way. This is going on for some times,but the last 5 years under Obama doubled ,or maybe tripled the narcotics coming in from the South,not to mentioned unwanted " terrorists " from all around the wold,Mexico is the gateway.
Few people talk as you do and get me to agree with them. Born here but Mexican decent: I agree with you. Not that, that does me any good. You'll probably hate me on sight. It's OK I'm a racist too. Of course I understand, you probably aren't racist. It's the only reason I did not vote for O-B1.
@ Dan, It's NOT about race ! It is who lies to you. I got great many Hispanic friend,and I'm also was an immigrant .
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. When your countries have lax immigration policies and don't cancel stolen passports, what do you expect??
They're in Northern Idaho at a remote abandoned air field.
There is a simple explanation to all of this plane disappearance, no debris, no signs, no mayday calls, vanishing of a plane and all on board... The whole plane was abducted by a large UFO!!!
Your tin-foil hat is on crooked.
Looks like the nut bar terrorists finally found a way to get an effective bomb aboard a plane, along with a bomber that had enough smarts to know WHEN and HOW to set it off successfully. They better find out how they did it quickly, or there'll be planes dropping into the ocean all over the world.
Do those planes have floatable seat cushions and other stuff that would float? I'm surprised they aren't finding debris. Condolences to the families.
I was thinking along those lines........my guess is the pilots dumped fuel and made Capt Sully type landing on the water and the plane sank intact.....therefore, no trace of a plane or debris.
They hope it disintegrated so they don't have to continue spending money on the search and recovery. That does not help the families. How were two people on board with stolen passports! This is not the time to be letting up on FAA and TSA ( yes i know this was in a different country so the TSA was not involved.) However, go to your local US airport. Security is getting lax because we have not had an incident in a while. This is not the time to be getting lax this is the time to be ever more vigilant. Terrorist have been waiting patiently for us to let up on security and it will happen again! This is the time to make security stronger then ever!
John before you shoot your mouth off let me say this! Im a commercial pilot for one of the majors! i see security EVERY SINGLE DAY. Matter of fact! i go through it every day!! So before you spout off at the mouth about me, lets just say i have a unique perspective of airline industry
I m still hoping the plane got landed at some unknown remote place....and everybody would come alive...I know I m really too optimistic but please pray for the plane and people onto it ...and hope for the best.... instead of talking all the bad things.
What they need to do, tell someone at the credit card offices (Visa, Mastercard) that these passengers have missed their payments. The people at those offices will find the missing people within 6 hours..
Oh Lord forgive me but that's funny
The Thai press has been reporting on the stolen passports as the thefts occurred in their country. I have read that the thefts of the passports were reported long ago. So it should have been known that the passports that were used were stolen. I don't understand how security didn't immediately spot these two people were traveling using stolen passports.
Why is there no international database to which every passport that is stolen must be added to? Would have stopped those two passengers cold, and they would have been detained. I think it is high time we require every airline, and every airport, to utilize such a tool. A passport that is reported stolen should immediately be listed, and anyone attempting to use it be detained, and their identity be impeccably accounted for. To think that this is not done, while we xray luggage and people, remove shoes and face confiscation of liquids boggles the mind.
there is and we do but it all failed B/c Giving up freedoms to feel safe still never works just give Gov more power over people.
Isn't it possible that if you're low enough in altitude you can avoid radar? I mean, it's weird but maybe the pilot got low enough to avoid detection & took off in a totally different direction? Just speculating, like the article.
Yea I thought about that too, but wouldn't radar detect the altitude drop? According to what I hear the plane just vanished while traveling at 35,000 feet.
THIS IS ALL #$%$. !! Disintegrated? How #$%$ stupid do they think we are!??
The plane has to be somewhere close to their initial search area. Nothing that big can just disappear without being found, not with present day technology. I feel for the families.
First, my condolences to the familys of the passengers. Now, planes don't just vanish from radar, or disintegrate on it's own at cruising speed at 35k feet. Unless you believe the fuel tank theory on another well discussed flight. Just does'nt happen to reliable aircraft. Amazing no wreckage was spotted. Parts of the plane always float. Tragic. Again, my condolences. I hope we get to the bottom of this mystery.
This is what happens when you throw out profiling as a tool and expect the immigration officials to not offend questionable passengers feelings and rights. All that leaves is high paid ticket agents. These I'm ok your ok policies eventually were going to bite airline in the rear.
If U.S. spy satellites didn't show evidence of an explosion, then what did it show? I'm sure the area is covered VERY thoroughly over there.
Malaysian Home Minister said, "Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces." Maybe he should be asking if American political correctness and American obsession with racial profiling was the reason behind it?
MAS has been in the mode of silence so as to limit liability. The more they talk, the worse it gets for their lawyers. Im waiting for them to stop the search soon, which they must do, call it an act of god for which they are not responsible and close the case quickly. One day when debris shows up the case will be reopened, and probably by foreigners.
This is so sad...the thing is that the airline company more than likely knows what happened but they don't want anyone to know...they are going to play stupid...pray for peace for the families
For those asking about checking the passports for stolen I do not believe airline booking terminals would have a direct link to Interpol. That would have be a law enforcement/customs/official government type of agency to have access to such a system. It would all depend on an individual country's policy on who actually looks at an individuals passport at a place like an airport.
Is this really the best they can come up with? Is it me or are they truly trying to cover something up??
With all the technology and knowledge available ,nothing after more than 48 hrs ??? May God help us.
A Space Shuttle fell apart re-entering the Earths atmosphere and they found wreckage including human remains all over Texas, but yet this plane just disintegrates without a trace?
space shuttle was easily tracked by the media, even if not, satelite signatures made it easy to locate debris
And it is a lot easier to find debris on land than in the ocean.
Boeing as well as Airbus manufacture their planes in the even that it breaks up around an area of water floating elements like seats, doors, rudders, ailerons, and etc would float.
I wish these people can come back home.i don't think a plane can go missing from the space and be unnoticeable.if it's a bomb then some where in the people should be able to see some debris.other than that everyone should be on high alert coz this plane can fall in your city any time now.
Usually if a plane breaks up in mid-air, lighter construction material like insulation, fabric, seat material, possibly some plastics or clothing would be floating on the surface of the ocean. It seems more likely the plane plunged into the ocean mostly intact with some major mechanical or structural failure. Most of the time the crew would have time to issue a distress call, like we're ditching in the ocean, but that didn't happen. We won't be certain for a long time. So sad for the families of people on that ill-fated flight.
No, if a plane plunges into the water it comes apart.......pieces everywhere.
A "breakup" at 35,000 feet over water would leave a large visible debris field - by now they'd have found something. However, over thick forest vegetation it would be possible to miss such a debris field.
fascinating watching everyone's expert opinions, everyone on Yahoo is an expert in aerodynamics, munitions, terrorism, etc. Also love reading people who read one thing someplace and then repeat that as "facts". We are a sad stupid country.
Are you saying the people have been dumped down ?
It is not that an Asian can not have an European passport, but should't the photo in the passport match the guy that is holding it? There is something fishy here, inside job or something, planes don't just disappear?
Why would people buy fake passport in Thailand then fly out of Malaysia? Probably because the security leaving Thailand is tighter. The Thai immigration takes more time than any other country when you leave, except Israel.
my prayers to the victims and family members... this kind of thing could have easily happened to any of us. I for one travel long distance ALOT for business... yes this kind of disaster have often entered my thoughts when I travel... but one could have never guess what's going to happen once we step on the airplane we. Once again prayers and condolences to the family and victims...
Unless these news services have some evidence as to what happened to the triple 7, then they should keep quiet. Why would anyone say the jetliner probably disintegrated at 35,000 feet, when there is no proof. That is extremely improper and just sensational reporting! Cruel and Morbid!!
Typically terrorist take credit for something they did. They aren't going to secretly kill people without letting everybody know it was them who did it.
For a plan of that size to disappear and completely vanish in the skies without a trace of any remnant is baffling to any mind. My sympathy for the families of the travelers. I hope someone solves this mystery.
Have a hunch this will only be found using diving bells or submarines.
Everyone needs to stop worrying about what they don't have and start caring for each other.
This guy acts like there's no asian people in Italy or Australia, really? Not a single resident in Italy had Asian ancestry?
Sounds like terrorism and as if the two men using the stolen passports used a loophole so they didn't need to apply for a Chinese visa and could just slide through the system. Very sad for the families but typical of Chinese corruption...the more I hear about China the less I like them!
If, jus t if, the jet had broken apart at the altitude stated, would believe there would be wreckage ALL over the tops of the ocean, and THERE IS no debris FLOATING. The oil/diesel spill is NOT even comfirmred as being that of the airplane.
Hmmm. At least two people on board with stolen passports from different countries. Both plane tickets purchased at the same time for both individuals.
I agree that if it blew up, it would immediately leave radar. However, disintegrating at 35,000 feet would leave an enormous debris field that would be easy to spot. Remember the pictures from the plane that blew up over Long Island sound? There was debris - wings, seats, clothes, paper - every where for miles.
Has anyone thought that maybe the plane was hijacked, turned around and then the hijackers turned off the transponder, which would cause the plane to not show up on radar?
Has anyone considered the aircraft cockpit may have been the initial impact point of a meteorite strike? In that instance, at 35K feet, the aircraft would most likely disintegrate with no notice from the crew to controllers that there was an emergency. Truly a tradgedy and a simple disaster caused by the circumstances of life -- no one was at fault.
"Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticizing border officials who let them through" He should also be concerned about how the airport authority screen the passengers. This looks like complete failure of security systems in Malaysia. I question if there is any security procedures and if there are, they need to be reviewed and training done to ensure that this does not slip by so easily again.
International false flag. Much stricter monitoring of everyone will be necessary now. Big surprise there. Take my freedom, please.
Malaysia's state news agency quoted Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying..... "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. (article quote) Of course, he's correct, but if he were white, he'd be accused of racial profiling or some such nonsense.
It would be better to wait till they can determine what really happened. They need to find the flight recorder first. Everything else is conjecture until then.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think?" People get tired, distracted, annoyed, upset, whatever… We need more and better electronic scans and checks. The sheer numbers of people coming and going now make it a losing, and apparently tragic game.
Looking for the airplane shouldn't end there, they should go further investigate what led to it's misfortune.
With computers being used for everything...and a database of stolen passports.. why does the airline have to manually check each passport instead of the stolen ones just automatically come up with a date stolen and passport photo when the persons name is typed in for the purchase of tickets and again at check in? Then the person who is trying to use it but looks nothing like the photo doesn't get on the plane. They get arrested instead.
How does a plane and everything on board just disintegrate?
Leaves some doubt in the security of the airlines letting people on with someone else's passport. It is more difficult getting a beer with someone else's drivers license.
If it disintegrated at 35000 feet where did the oil slicks come from?
Could have been from a Ship, oil floating around and Current carried it together, or some of this Planes fuel could have made it that far before evaporation. Lot of maybe's on that.
Italian and Austrian names with Asian faces and the Malaysian security goofed.
Hate to feed the speculation, but with the turnaround and no mayday call, its starting to look more like a hijacking.. or Egyptian like suicide dive. OK, so I just fed the speculation anyways.. my bad.
I am going with the Egyptian like suicide, but if the plane nosedived, there is no way debris would not be left somewhere.
A plane simply cannot disenigrate midair. That official should be forced to resign for his incompetency.
Why the two men of Asian decent used passports of two caucasians has not been questioned and Why the two stolen passports were not blocked from possible stolen and used by terrorists? Why the media and officials are not asking these important questions? It seems the only people who attack the US are considered as terrorists and the same people who attack China and Chinese people are not.
All of those souls, gone instantly. Heartbreaking. Godspeed...
R u high? Read your comment and tell me its not a contradiction please. Im high and i can see it! Whats your excuse? Booop
Two things on my list to avoid from here on out. Airplanes cause they have the tenancy to vaporize lately and high rise buildings because they tend to collapse on their own footprint do to fire. I'm beginning to wonder if I'll get struck by lightning on a clear day walking in the park. Am i missing anything?
I guess malasia doesn't have anyone with a brain working for the transportation industry. They need to be sent out to sea on a raft, and no one ever should fly to that airport of stupidity!!!
Many thoughts and prayers going out to all the families involved.
Sometimes muslim terrorists act independently, without any direct connection to militant groups. There have been incidences of that type including Egypt Air Flight 990, in which the co-pilot intentionally crashed the plane while he praised Allah.
My theory is that they ventured near China in there controlled waters and got shot down! Then this story of hijackers came from left field for the cover up story to satisfy the media in there pursuit to sensationalize the story.......
It was probably a terrorist attack.
Why are we still relying on 1960's technology (black box). You would think by now we could have some newer technology.
Iran Air Flight 655 was an Iran Air civilian passenger flight from Tehran to Dubai that was shot down by the United States Navy guided missile cruiser USS Vincennes on 3 July 1988. The attack took place in Iranian airspace, over Iran's territorial waters in the Persian Gulf, and on the flight's usual flight path. The aircraft, an Airbus A300 B2-203, was destroyed by SM-2MR surface-to-air missiles fired from the Vincennes.
My feeling about the cause is that it was a terrorist attack and they used a barometric triggered bomb. I cannot see any other cause for the complete disintegration at 35,000 ft.
I don't buy this. If it exploded in mid air someone somewhere would have seen it. We have all kinds of satellites in the sky something would have picked it up. If it happened and it wasn't picked up then all of our security is compromised.
Someone would have seen it? Seriously?.....satellites can't cover everything, and we're talking about several thousand square miles of ocean with literally nothing around....
Cmon down Nick If they can spy on our cell phones and even see in our windows they can see a plane blow up or go down.
Donna- I think you are VASTLY overestimating things here. Your examples of spying on cell phones and see in windows are way off because those are in a known location.....even in this case, we're down to several thousand square miles of vast ocean...
Usually when a plane goes down in the ocean, Alot of debris surfaces! Too weird!!!
You mean German by choice? That's a Schnauzer you got there.
This is a horrible situation but the fact is NOBODY knows what happened and will not know until the plane is found and the data recording devices are recovered. There are a hundred different things that could have happened and we just do not know.
Maybe they could find a signal on Plum Island? Am sure thats where the plane that supposedly hit the Pentagon landed as well. Just think maybe there is a bigger plan set in motion, they need test dummies to come up with the perfect plague to depopulate this planet!!! Think outside the BOX you live within!
It's just a sad situation, can only hope for those family's to get up dates and closure as soon as possible. What a world we live in
My prayers go with the people lost, and the loved ones who are left wondering just what the heck happened. While I believe God has a plan, events like this honestly do make me wish he'd clue us in once in a while as to exactly what the heck it is.
Please don't forget to say a prayer for those who lost their lives, their family and friends. Regardless of what happened to the plane, there are a lot of very heavy hearts.
With our current technology, isn't there a better solution than using a traditional black box? Every time there is an accident, it's like trying to find a needle in a haystack. Is there a black box app for airplanes yet?
You don't know how right you are. An expert on CNN today was just stating that the traditional black boxes are antiquated. He said the capability now exists to record flight data in real time. This might be a little different, but cable and internet providers download data all the time without physically going to people's homes.
Then maybe a new theory is that the pilot and/or co-pilot turned off all communications and flew the plane into the ocean. A few years ago, an Egyptian pilot was trying to do just that.
Very sad! I pray for all their families!!
The world is waiting for information and at this point in time all officials can give us is speculations. I really feel for the family members, this is a horrible ordeal for them.
" it is clearly of great concern that any passenger was able to board an international flight using a stolen passport listed in Interpol's databases". You can say that again. And in that lies the likely reason for this event.
Its all speculation at this point, but doesn't the theory of breaking apart at 35,000 feet kind of clash with the dual oil slicks reportedly discovered?
Something is flawed with Malaysian airport security. If seems like there's more to it in this accident than the 2 false passports holders. Unless their was a connivance between airline employees and baggage handlers then there's a possibility that a bomb was able to get on board in the plane. Malaysia being a Muslim country and all the Muslim fanatics everything is possible.
I think the false passports are a red herring. It makes no sense why two bombers would need to risk presenting false documents to board a flight they were going to blow up anyways.
yup but people need to blame Muslims for something
This case raises serious concerns about air travel safety in Asia. Air travel agencies should NEVER let a person be on a flight without matching fingerprints.
As an adherent of risk management I find it highly improbable that the proximate cause - if not terrorism - of the disappearance of the Malaysian airline on the radar screen is human or mechanical error. My deepest condolences to the relatives, sons and daugthers of the departed ones. May their souls rest in peace.
the whole world is sad for this missing planr. I pray for the success of international agencies trying to trace the clue. I can feel the pain of the familes who still had a bleak home of their relatives to be alive. God be kind to them and let some miricle brings them alive Ameen. Zafar Rizvi Lahore Pakistan
The most important thing right now is to clean that ocean.
I am Asian who is an American Citizen with a German last name. It can happen that there are Asians with Italian and Austrian citizenships who have non-Asian names.
It's not necessarily the border official's fault.
It's possible, but it is much more likely for that occur in the US, which is land entirely populated by immigrants, than in Italy or Austria. I would think the use of 2 passports reported missing would have set off a red flag in their computer system.
So far! 1) Malaysian passport control sucks! More than one passenger on board used stolen documents!! 2) The plane was previously damaged, and the wing-tip could have failed in flight! 3) It was in Vietnamese air space when it disappeared, but no one there is talking! 4) Malaysian Airlines are in financial difficulties! Take your pick!
If Taiwan really had gotten the warning but didn't act upon it, then President Ma had got blood on his hands and his aiding and abetting of the Ughir-Turko terrorists would not be forgiven by the Chinese people on both aisles.
Do anybody knows if the plane's black box can be search with GPS devices?
How does a 777 disintegrate? And what exactly does that mean? Nothing at all on the surface of the Ocean from a Jetliner that massive. This is so strange and eerie. My thoughts and prayers go out to them and their families. I hope some answers come soon. Answers that wont be pleasant..
I wonder what the ancient aliens theorists have to think? A plane just disappears - weird.
Ridiculous - as if no people of Asian descent travel under EU passports.
And routinely change names and nationalities?
This is really bad and I feel bad for the families. I disagree that the jet disintegrated at 35,000 ft because had that been the case the jet fuel would have vaporized into the air and there would not have been an oil slick. I could be totally wrong and only the shadow will ever know for sure what happened here.
In just a few days we are hearing that two people had stolen passports, which is incredible because if it only took a day to find that out then why couldn't that have been prevented sooner? If it is that easy to find out if a passport was stolen when they are in flight, then why didn't this get stopped?
Surely, while not everyone who travels on a false passport is a terrorist, nontheless, where a plane has gone missing after a supposed "sudden break-up at 35,000 feet", terrorisim is high on the list of causes and those traveling on false passports ought immediately to be considered the prime suspects.
With all this technology we have now a days, and they still can't keep track of where airplanes disappear at? Wow, what a failure this is. For all we know, idiot governments could have shot down their own airplanes and now are covering up their tracks as we speak.
Sounds like whatever country is responsible for failing to check the passports perhaps cannot operate the radar correctly either, so the plane could have crashed hundreds of miles from where they are looking. The 9/11 terrorists took control of those jets and steered them off course also, so that could be a possibility if a hijack occurred.
My condolences to all those grieving.
Oil slicks and disintegration? Planes dump fuel all the time to lessen their weight for whatever reason, and if they are high enough, sometimes those dump locations are above the populated land. They can do this because much of the fuel evaporates before reaching the ground. So how could a plane disintegrate and leave that much concentrated fuel on the water?
Correction: a disintegration from water impact would definitely leave a slick. I was commenting on a high altitude disintegration. Any thoughts?
This is truly a tragedy.Plane disappears at 35000 feet with no sos, or communication of a problem, at least 2 people flying with stolen passports,doesnt look like mechanical failure to me. I currently live in SE Asia and airport security is very lax compared to the US. Hopefully it wasn' t terrorists, but one group is very active Singapore, Indonesia, and Malaysia.
Everything we hear in the world is propaganda. It's hopeless. Way too many conspiracies and mysteries.
This is a real tragedy and I can only hope the authorities get to the bottom of it. To me, it has terrorist written all over it. My heart goes out the families of the lost.
If it broke up at 35,000 feet there would be floating bodies strewn over miles of ocean. Sharks couldn't eat all of them before a pilot would have had a visual..
It disenegrated to the point where not one piece of the plane could be found? That's the story they come up with? This all sounds very questionable...
They haven't come up with any story yet, because it's only been two days and they're still investigating it.
Regardless of what happened I pray that it was an instantaneous explosive decompression and that they did not know what happened.
Really? Disintegrated? So where are ANY pieces of anything or are they saying all the pieces went up (sarcasm). There's got to be parts, seats, anything, down below, and I'm sure there are some things that will float even if blown apart.
Well, it took a few years for debris from the missing Air France jet to surface---a pilot on another plane flying the same route then said he saw an unusually bright flash of lightning but that was all. We may not know what happened for a long time in this case as well.
Obama blames a youtube video for the fact that this plane crashed. Just ask Hillary, she will tell you.
So this is Obama too. mmm?
Jesus - Obama is the real messiah. You must never doubt anything he says. In fact, you would be a racist if you ever doubted anything he says.
How do you expect that U.S. spy sattelites may say something about a Boeing breakdown when both have the same owner?
Are they playing around with those lasers again? Father God I pray, for this mystery to be solved soon. In Jesus name amen
If it broke up at 35k there'd be parts strewed about all over the place, nothing disintegrates.
I am thinking something went wrong with power. I am talking complete power failure. Something that shorted out the entire system, A computer bug, a small bomb put at the right place. Also this plane had a main wing impact on the runway that had been repaired. This could of caused internal damage to wiring or the integrity of the wing that was missed. This would explain no radio, sudden change in course, and little if anything found on the surface other than oil. There is a lot of parts to a airliner that float, but if the cabin was sum-what intact or crushed from the water impact. It would hold those parts inside.
I have worked on 777's since day one, there was not a complete power failure or an issue with the wing repare unless it had help. However, there are many other possibilities.
Since I don't know, maybe the screeners intentionally let them through for some entirely unrelated reason.
I am trying to understand as to why is it too soon to speculate about any connection between the stolen passports and the missing plane. And how is a passenger able to board a plane with a passport that is KNOWN to be stolen and then they choose to turn their heads on the matter!!! Just because there are or were 2 people on the plane who had stolen passports is no reason to think of foul play???! Sounds like an "Oh Well" attitude to me. Plane just gone....
What are you talking about? They aren't looking the other way regarding the stolen passports. Something should have stopped them from being on the plane in the first place, but they have images of the guys at the airport. They have all the booking information (they booked the tickets together). Sure it could be foul play, but it also could have been two illegal immigrants who had nothing to do with this.
Just the mere thought of a plane disintegrating 7 miles up is just flat out disturbing though.
A week ago Saturday - A bizarre mass stabbing at a southern China rail station on Saturday that killed at least 29 people and wounded 143 others is being blamed on Muslim separatists. Radical Muslims must be stopped! In the US, southern Baptists don't want you to drink or dance, the radical Muslims want you DEAD! Wake UP! Between the radicals and the hackers, our quality of live is going to he//.... stop the radicals and we can live again without fear. Or, are you wanting to live under sharia law?
Laura: You are either and idiot or a Troll or both. I am going with both.
I understand where you're coming from, Laura. What exactly do you want to DO to stop them, honey? The very definition of the term radical implies somebody who has an ideological bent with a lot of energy propelling the actions of that individual or group, usually anger. The definition of 'citizen' leans toward people who go to work, raise babies, pay taxes and otherwise contribute. The #$%$-off radicals are ready to fight. The citizens just want to live the private lives they've worked hard to build. Of these two groups, which has the energy to make a mess merely to get attention? It's not the citizen whose trying hard NOT to be noticed. Back to the question - what do you want to DO about radicals? It's pretty obvious we're pretty impotent to DO anything when we let axxholes like Ted Cruz shut our government down for over two weeks and to no avail other than to get him votes in Texas. That's radical. We can't deal with our own radicals like the Tealiban, how do you think we have any power over everybody else's radicals? We can be thankful that in any given population, the radicals amount to a very small proportion of the whole. They just get a lot of press because they make a bigger mess.
Lady, you're pretty much on the money here. And, sadly, I'm still trying to figure out how we Texans, who are supposed to be the friendship state, ended up with so many horrible hate-mongers, many of whom are not even from this state. I wish they'd all move back to wherever they came from so we could be seen as the friendly people so many of us truly are. But, now, our state seems to be locked into a war on women, the poor or anyone that isn't a card-carrying tea party person and we're seen as a state full of Ted Cruzes, Rick Perrys and George Bushes.
Liberals are pukes. Semper Fi and please get a clue you bedwetters.
The only way it would have disintegrate at 35,000 feet is if it exploded, and if it did, wouldn't they had seen the explosion on radar? or it disappearing from it?
The plane and its passengers may be intact for all we know. Not finding parts of the plane is good news.
"Good news"?? Can we celebrate now, Jim??
Yes, the bad news is the plane has disappeared, but the good news is that no proof has been found that the plane has crashed. There is still hope that the passengers are alive.
Optimistic attitude Jim but the U-Turn and vanishing from radar are not good signs...Then the fact there had to be over 200 cell phones on that plane...With the two huge fuel sheens that would explain why Satellites never picked up an explosion. Seems they could test the sheen to see if it is jet fuel... These huge Jets have broken apart before and at 35,000 feet I can't imagine what the pieces would do upon impact with the ocean.
Red China has been getting very aggressive in trying to take over the sparrow islands in international waters, to the point of running off Malasian and Indonesian fishing vessels, and taking their crews captive, or worse. There's oil under them thar islands, enough to shoot down your own plane over.
The data that is recorded in the so called black box should instead be transmitted to satelites.
So it just vaporized into microscopic bits? That would explain no debris field.i think they should widen the grid of the search. A gigantic explosion at high altitude could scatter the debris over a substantial area. Sounds like #$%$ terrorists.
Stupid immigration workers... look how many lives they have lost if they are responsible...
I know I probably sound crazy, but has anyone considered that this could be from the result of aliens/UFO? How else could this plane have just disappeared? If there was some type of explosion or malfunction, wouldn't there be at least SOME trace of debris? There are very few explanations to how a plane could just vanish from the face of the Earth. I know this sounds ridiculous, but it should at least be considered.
Didn't a plane with 200 plus people do the same thing after it left south america a while back it just got up to 30,000 some feet and vanished off of radar. nothing was found. It is the goverment trying out their new laser weapon or a UFO took it down.
The security in other countries can be lax you'd be surprised how bad it is compared to here.
God be with all of these families and these lost souls! Please allow us to find the aircraft and the people that were passengers with an idea or answer as to what happened. Also Jesus, please let these families mourn in peace.
Wow the crazies are out tonight. I would personally check into why two of the passengers were using stolen passports, that's a good place to start. Everything else is up for grabs. I really feel for these people, not wanting to give up hope. My heart goes out to them.
Did the confiscate the video from the nearest convenience store?
If the two passports slipped past the immigration officials then what else has also slipped past immigration officials?
quote from Langoliers "Bob Jenkins: We know what happens to today when it becomes yesterday... It waits for them... the timekeepers of eternity!" quote from Twilight zone the odysesy of flight 33 "...The problem is simply that the plane is going too fast, and there is nothing within the realm of knowledge or at least logic to explain it. Unbeknownst to passenger and crew, this airplane is heading into an uncharted region well off the beaten track of commercial travelers - it's moving into The Twilight Zone..."
I think the aircraft is NOT turning back as shown in radar. Actually, the aircraft is likely falling backward & downward direction as well as disintegrated in the sky then disappeared from the radar in a very short time. That's why it look like turning back. Besides, it is likely explosion happened during the aircraft climbing up at about 33000fts. This is the possible explanation why no time for the pilot to react & send Mayday signal as well as no automatic signal from aircraft, etc. Albert, Malaysian Live in LA, US..
My suspect too... a huge explosion in the middle of climbing left no time to communicate to the tower. Plus, explosion mid air could scattered away debris thousands of miles in the ocean...May the God of the universe bless those victims and their love ones.
In the age of GPS, how does a plane just disappear? Today we can rest assured that we will always know where our dogs are if they get outside our fence yet knowing at all times where a few hundred people are is beyond us?
Some of the comments here are frightening. Look I love a good conspiracy theory as much as the next guy, but some of this stuff people are floating around is pretty whacky. If it was a bomb, someone would have taken credit by now. If it were hijacked, there would have been a ransom demand by now. Oh yeah, by the way, you can't land a 777 on some dirt runway in the mountains of Laos, so no one is hiding this plane. If it had landed somewhere, someone would have noticed. If it had been bombed or broke apart in the air, there should be debris for miles. This plane probably went down intact in the ocean and sank, or they almost made it back and the wreckage will be found on land.
Finally, someone with a brain ! I laugh initially but then become concerned at many of the comments people make. Thinking of locking myself in the house knowing their out there. Recall flt 447 a few yrs ago. Very similar circumstances and it took days to find the plane and 3 years to determine it was Pilot error. Read on and worry my American friend. From a Canadian.
There are so many security precautions that we innocent people go through at the airport. Then, some moron lets two people go through with passports that obviously aren't theirs.
That is in the US only. I live is SE Asia, and it is not even funny the things they could do if they could think outside the box. My thoughts are that the immigration officer may have had a thing or two to do in this incident.
So sad! But the greater emotion for me is anger ... why subject people to all that airport security #$%$ if information available with authorities is not put in use? What 's the point of making me take my shoes off at all, when a guy can fly on a stolen passport ... a passport already reported to be stolen??
Your totally worthless goverment at work harrassing We The People for no reason.
I don't know. Disintegration maybe just as believable as them flying through a wormhole. And whoever's writing these "updates" need to stop because they're guessing just as much as we are.
Sounds like they have scant evidence... PERIOD
The South China Sea have an area like the Bermuda Triangle? Could be Alien mother ship beamed all the occupants aboard and vaporized the plane leaving no evidence. Before you criticize, this makes as much sense as most of the other theories.
Something very strange about this incident. Over 48 hours and no body can even find a trace of the plane. Even if a bomb went off there would be debris over an area of several square miles that would be floating.
they encountered what JAL flight 1628 encountered - a UFO. got abducted.
No foul play here !! 2 stolen passports and no plane to be found !! Sounds like mechanical failure to me.
So how long until they suspect some fanatical Muslim radical? Malaysia is mostly Muslim and the theft of id papers smacks of an involved plot.
It's as of now vital to recover the flight data and voice recorder.
10-4e chief, thank you, over and out. roger wilco if you see him, k?
at a time when people are waiting to hear some real 'news' about this incident, it is sad and pathetic when news agencies keep posting no-substance#$%$ like this article. Wait like the rest of us for some REAL information on the situation.
Well media-I got news for you. Nest time one of your own croaks-I going to bang on your door, camp out on your lawn, follow you around until you answer the question-"how does it feel, how does it feej?. "the public has a right to know and we are going to make loads of $ out of your tragedy" you're nothing more than a pawn.
First of all my condolences to all the families that have been affected by this situation. Now to the point that has been bothering me is that no concrete leads have been found about that planes disappearances. This may sound far fetched but could this planes disappearance be a red herring? Could someone had planned this scheme to get at someone or something on the plane by creating an oil slick and a blurry picture of a door. If the plane has been taken how far could it fly from the point of the disappearance on the fuel it had. Have the authorities considered that. I hope that i am just over imagining the situation.
Maybe the pilots made an emergency landing on the water without the plane breaking up much if at all, Captain Sully landed with out any break up if I'm not mistaken, but the plane could have sunk too fast for anyone to exit, this would explain to debris and only small traces of oil.
BOEing had two plane crashes within the last 5 years. I am not sure why no one is considering any malfunction of the plane itself. It is a 12-year old plane.
I see the incompetent lazy government worker problem just isnt alive in well in this country. Other countries have the same problem.
Has anyone considered their on an island in a different dimension. Always hope and a tv spin off.
I feel so sorry for the families that lost loved ones! It is amazing that after the disappearance they realize 2 passports might be stolen. In today's computer age you would think this would of been caught sooner.
We have a border than anyone can cross whenever they want and no one checks anything. It is all ridiculous.
Malaysian immigration questioning the identity of someone very tight and sometimes rough although to infant only on the Indonesian because they calls as INDON, while the other nations are questioning very friendly. The SAD Lesson for Malaysian Immigration to behave equal for all nationality.
Of course it disintegrated. It was blown up by two Muslim terrorists.
A bomb would still leave wreckage behind.
They will find the wreckage, soon.
There would be wreckage over a great deal of the ocean if the plane broke up. It almost certainly had to be intact when it hi the water, or it would have left a large swath of wreckage floating on the water.
I'm a bit disturbed that the press is showing photos of graving relatives. Let's see how you like it when you're awaiting to hear about if your loved ones died suddenly, and some heartless idiots are in your face with cameras and questions.
Thank you, Monte. Having worked in the media the bulk of my career, I can attest that 'journalists' somehow become immoral in their desire to report a story. The personify the Eagles song - "kick 'em when they're up, kick em when they're down..." as long as they get a sound byte.
It could have been a lot of things. A bomb, failed hijacking, catastrophic non-bomb structural failure resulting in explosive decompression with or without a mid-air breakup (this troll's guess), fuel line failure, accidental military shootdown, who knows. No point guessing...
This never would have happened with Wesley Snipes on board or Denzel Washington flying the plain.
Since nearly 3/4 of the Earth is covered by water wouldn't it make sense to embed a few floatable devices within the plane like at each major stress joints that would probably fail during a crash like where the wings meet the hull and where the tail seam is. That way if the aircraft crashes 3 buoy like devices would be transmitting a distress beacon.
I have never seen so many bomb, terrorist, aviation and engineer experts in one place ever before.
The Minister is perturbed !!! Nothing wrong with people who are originally Asian, with Asian features, to gain citizenship in European countries ( or for that matter, USA, or Asustralian, etc, hence, European, USA or Aussie passports !!! The Minister cannot think !!!
Somebody is testing explosives. It would appear that it worked.
If the plane disintegrated in mid-air, then it must have blown up. If it turned back, it would still be on the radar screen. That plane is either in little peices at the bottom of the sea, or was hijacked to another country. In either place, those people are gone forever. I feel so sorry for the families left behind. There is no way I would take an international flight today - maybe never again.
You are right Morgan. The media circus NEEDS TO BACK OFF. Let the people have their privacy and let the government do their work to find the jet.
not a conspiracy theory person, leave that to my wife, but play along... some "agency" on the plane gets control of the aircraft. they are to meet up with someone "below" (on the water?), this explains the recently mentioned change in direction before falling off of radar. this "group or agency" which is controlling it, ditches the plane in the ocean. they are met by a large ship similar to WW2 seaplane tenders. these have cranes and lots of deck space for a large aircraft storage. plane ditches safely, plane is lifted onto the ship. no wreckage, but you would have fuel leakage/seepage from the landing on the surface of the ocean. ship sails away, and we don't have a plane or a crash site. don't know why some agency would do this, only can think this far, but...
Spy satellites would have spotted this from above. Not likely.
Sounds to me like these Malaysian officials have absolutely no idea what's so ever what happen.
Obviously this was terrorism with 2 stolen passports in the mix and the fact it vanished without a mayday signal to me this sounds like a bomb went off and I am thinking the only way to fight terrorism is to kill them and there entire families when they are found guilty. Kill them like you would Roaches.
if the plane broke up at 30,000 feet, te oil slick that they found probably not be from the 777. The fuel would be vaporized by the time it reached the sea.
Of course, the airplane disintegrated in flight, it took a real genius to figure that out, now they need to find the cause of the break up.
As the Muslim suicide bombers repeatedly demonstrate, they're all better off dead.
This is so sad. I hope the families can get some closure.
And once again, common sense is lacking from those that are hired to perform a job which entails the security of all.
Linda, All of this airport security is just a fake to keep people very afraid so they will be more willing to give up their rights without question. With plastic explosives, it is impossible to stop a determined bomber. Besides, why bother with aircraft with all of the sports arenas available.
I sure hope they find out for the family's.
This is heartbreaking. I can't imagine the mental anguish these families are going through. All the confusion and feelings of helplessness. They don't need any more stress from any other direction. This is numbing.
They can stick a probe in every orifice of ours in an airport, but can't use a simple computer database to cross check for stolen documents. Wonderful.
yet a woman boarded flights to Hawaii with a invalid boarding pass. she each time was discovered when the ticket holder showed up.
They are speculating and have no clue. I hope it was hijacked and is sitting somewhere with the passengers alive.
the most confusing thing to me is that if it was a terrorist group they usually send out something to the media taking blame, no? this has to be some sort of mechanical issue
""I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday." Hey - you cant have it both ways. To look at someone's race is not PC. Its against the lib code. It is racial profiling. To scrutinize documents that may or may not be legit just because of someone's race flags it as suspect = bad #$%$o#$%$o. This argument happens ALL THE TIME in US border states. The libs go absolutely bonkers if you try to detain someone crossing the border because of a profile. This never means arrest them - it means investigate. They do not even want that. You cannot check drivers licenses. You cannot require someone to prove they are an actual citizen by producing some means of identification (govt issued ID ((reqd by law but conveniently forgotten in cases like this)), passport, green card) if they are in an area known to harbor illegal trafficking. God forbid you stop anyone - they scream how unjust it is and threaten and file lawsuits. Meantime all this PC #$%$ gives actual enemies full cover to do whatever the hell they want. Easy cover to play into the hands of those who will protect them at all costs rather than simply require that the existing laws on the books be followed. This plane crash may or may not have anything to do with terrorism. But frankly I am shocked that we have not had another major event here in the US given the #$%$ that goes on. The border is a joke in the US. In other countries (including where they come from) its VERY VERY serious. Cross illegally and go to prison 5 years easy - no questions asked. In the US you get benefits, free ride back and try again.
Very sad. May the families find peace.
I think that it was harvested by aliens so that it could test the humans and as an example of our technology. perhaps in a hundred years or so, maybe they will comback having not aged at all.
I was reading an article online called the Devil Sea and wonder if that may had played a role. Devil Sea is like another Bermuda Triangle.
No planes flying at 35,000feet ever disappeared in the "Bermuda Triangle"
Sad event. Are they sure the little butterball in North Korea didn't have something to do with this?
What gets me is no type of distress signal, no evidence of an explosion, its like the plane just vanished.
Just a wild idea, but could I wonder if this could be another mid-air explosion like the alleged wing tank fuel explosion on TWA 800? Please, let's don't get into an endless discussion of what caused TWA 800 to crash.
Still think things like patriot acts have changed the safety of the airline industry? Again, another mark of how such legislation is fascist, based on an addiction dynamic of control by fear and lies. The truth is, thousands of passports are stolen and used all the time. We hear from ultra conservatives all the time how big gov't is so terrible yet they want big brother to monitor every street intersection with cams, and monitor private lives to the point that a whistleblower is considered to be the most wanted man in the world. They want guns and they think the poor are lazy while they call themselves Christians. We have no advanced ground monitored sensors and live feeds and real time observation of airplanes? We still rely on black box technology from the last century? This after 9-11? After trillions of dollars on a pointless war? After bankrupting America? Im sorry but the madness and insanity of warmongering, gun toting, money grabbing, fear-based, hate culture is just too disgustingly barbaric and drunk and ignorant to view as reasonable. Like I left a husband after years of putting up with the disease, I am smart enough in recovery to call a spade a spade. We could have prevented stolen passports. We could have used technology to still have a record of what happened without needing a black box. Yet we prefer not to. We prefer to live in a fantasy of victimization to justify our addiction. And this disease will progress. We turn a human loss into a crisis and speculate ourselves into a squirrel cage of madness. Our unresolved grief and unaddressed addiction remains...ego driven insanity. And in the case of Ukraine, the alcoholic white knuckling of W left us with no right to act justly with defense of allies because we blew our cookies on Iraq for a dillusion of grandeur. Putin knows it. So before you blame Obama for being ineffective..take a look at your own character. You gladly sported the flag behind a dry drunk as he gutted the economy and now you blame a president who sincerely wanted to help an ally but has a bankrupt situation from which to do anything? What did you expect? Magic? The people on the plane are dead. We live on. The choice is ours whether or not to address the disease that allows these things...or else to shut up with the squirrel caging and accept the effects of the culture of the 1%.
Wow, speaking of a life filled with hate. Continue on with your meaningless rant as you, like so many you claim to not condone, continue to point a finger in pure anger. To spew rage, hate, and discontent. To state that it is not a problem of yours, but a problem of others. That you are the truth, yet they are the lie. That you are the saint and they the antichrist. That you, of all people who claim to be able to call a "spade a spade", continue to call the beliefs of others a "disease". To even say that you are not part of the problem is the problem. You are blinded by your own hypocrisy and beliefs that your dreams, feelings, and wishes are superior to others. You are not against the problem, but are a greater part of the problem than you could even deem imaginable. Go back to your hole and pull the trigger already, it is obvious you have nothing but hate and resentment for this country and the people that make it was it is.
Makes no sense. It's only a 2,00 mile flight. That aircraft was probably holding two hours additional fuel past half. Even KAL 007 left debris and that was shot down with an air-to-air missile. You get disintegration when either the whole frame, inside and out, is on fire or returning to earth from outer-space. Then again, barely anything was left when AA Flight 77 and UA 93 crashed into the Pentagon and rammed right into a field, respectively.
If the people with the fake passports were planting an explosive device in the cargo, why would they be on the plane? Would they intentionally miss boarding the plane?
It either crashed fully intact and is sitting at the bottom of the ocean, or it was stolen, and is probably sitting in Putin's garage along with the Super Bowl ring he lifted from the Patriots.
If it were a deliberate human act, take the masterminds to a height of 35,000 feet and drop them in the ocean.
Could've, might have.... Everyone will speculate from now till the wreckage is located, recovered and analyzed. And that may take years. The one possibility that hasn't been brought up yet (that i know of) is that the plane, it's passengers and crew were abducted by an alien spacecraft!!! It is rather surprising that none of the locator beacons that are activated by contact with seawater haven't been detected.
No way did it disintegrate. It wasnt a rocket full of rocket fuel. If it came apart the pieces would have floated to earth. Maybe scorched and spread out because of the altitude but not disintegrated.
Why nothing mentioned about unanswered phone calls to passengers IPhones? If the plane is in the Ocean, will the Iphone even ring? If it is an unanswered call, it the plane hijacked somewhere on Land in vast Asia?
I feel the pain of the relatives you can see it in there faces.
What's puzzling is that satellites can track the movement of any object flying in any area at any place on the earth, air or sea, record and send information to the tracking centre. The US army satellites send recordings every second of the day to its database. Mysteriously, there has been no recording of the plane in spite of repeated scouring of the whole area.
What seems odd is no terrorist group has claimed responsibility. That usually happens quickly.
The only blessing in this whole tragedy is that no one knows what hit them.
What do you think China would do if it was a terrorist attack?
So what were all those stolen passports have anything to do with disintegration?
If It was terrorists. They just made China Angry. They will PUNISH ALL TERRORISTS SEVERELY!
Really? Italian and Austrian names and Asian faces. Has the insanity of the TSA invaded Asia?
"Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces?" I get what the guy was trying to get at, but this is a seriously ignorant thing to say; ever here of migration? Jesus.
If this plane went down into the water, they would at the very least see the life jackets which can be used as flotation devices coming to the surface of the water somewhere.
I have not read every article. What does radar say? If it was diverted wouldn't radar show to where.
there was no sign of them after it diverted. nothing showed up after that.
Of course there is scant evidence. They haven't even found the dang plane yet. What an idiotic article. t
This is just a guess by an anonymous 'source' - let's wait and see.
Would a 777 that disintegrated in mid- air leave an oil slick? I don't think so.
It is not true that MAS has had impeccable safety record up to this point (maybe this is true on paper). My former colleague experienced a near fatal accident (with smoke and all) with MAS last 2003. Fundamentally, there maybe me something wrong with MAS on how to handle 'yellow' alerts or how they maintain their planes.
Interesting how most comments about the story are from old men with babbling self proclaimed theories on what they think happened - you guys represent less then one 4th of all Yahoo readers - Most people in the world could care less to guess with a comment on it - it's not a very photogenic story thats for sure - but if it will make u feel better - maybe they all wound up on GIligan's Island and we just don't know it yet - U idiots really think u can figure it out sitting there thousands of miles away from a place you've never been - the best thing u can do is SHUT UP !!!
I know it sucks that it's Monday morning, but damn! Somebody's a wee bit grumpy lol.
Everything you read at this point about this is speculation and bologna. Everyone is in "cover their #$%$" mode, while news stations scramble for "interesting" stuff to increase viewership.
If security doesn't bother to check whether or not passports presented at check-in are on an easily available list of stolen passports, a lot more planes will be going down.
My Ipad can't hide from GPS, but apparently this plane can hide from GPS and 7 countries security services. Can I get a tablet made by that airplane's manufacturer?
Names and faces rarely matters for citizenships. for example, Kim Yamaguchi, marries an american, she becomes Kim White. so totally american name, american passport, with asian face.
Good point. I know a full-blooded Filipino guy and his name is John J. Smith. A name don't get more "Anglo" than that.
How about the former us ambassador to china/ former us secretary of commerce, Gary Locke? you think american right? google him
It just makes you think with all the technology we have we still are at the mercy of Mother Nature. I hope for the best and hopefully we can find out what exactly happened.
These planes have powerful beacons that activate by themselves in the event of a crash. The fact that there hasn't been a beacon signal points to one direction and that is: this plane did NOT crash. It was hijacked and is still in one piece.
wouldn't it need to have some seriously advanced radar evasion system when the whole effin' planet is looking for you?
Those beacons don't operate well in deep salt water.
the whole effing planet started looking for it hours after it disappeared. Enough time to land in a remote airfield and cover the plane.
they (whoever they is) could not have remotely taken themselves off dozens of radar systems. you've watched too many james bond movies.
If that is what happened then they should find debris floating around, .. they found the Air France plane that went down off Brazil at 5k feet in water and plenty of debris floating around, we don't know yet, lets wait and see until they find the plane or something from it, lets just hope it was high jacked to some remote airfield.
Its a shame how 'regular people' can so easily make up absurd stories just to entertain themselves when there are families that have just lost loved ones.
Missing Malaysian jet may have disintegrated in mid-air: gee whiz are you story writers geniuses. you get the feeling that all these stories since this happened that the investigators and media are a bunch of idiots?
Huh, these immigration officers were probably sleeping on job or maybe they got drunk.
Why not passport and fingerprint scan?
Losing a door at 35,000 ft it doesnt mean the detection of the radar goes down directly to 0 ft.
A few days have already passed with no sign of them what so ever. They are somewhere in the sea, and not one of them bothered to radio back if they successfully crashed landed the plane into the ocean. The chances of any of them surviving with these odds and circumstances are slim. All we can do now is hope and keep on searching, but I think we all know what has happened to them.
Sadly, it's a recovery and info gathering mission now.
Terrorists, if that be the case, are making themselves less and less liked world wide.
A plane goes missing and 239 people have apparently died, including infants and hundreds of family members are suffering unimaginable grief and are desperate for anwers. Still, the trolls come out and spew their hateful garbage. What is this world coming to. No, don't answer, it'll probably just be more disgusting racist, bigoted bile. You trolls must be so proud of your anonymous, cowardly, odious blather. Hell, why use your brains and actually form a thoughtful response or comment when you can just spew?
You've just painted everyone with the same dirty brush.
I agree. Families are grieving regardless what race, creed, or color they are. Innocent people have died. Think before you write some hateful commentary. How would you feel if one of your family members was a passenger on this plane and people were sprewing there hate.
Who are you talking to, amy?
Nobody knows if anyone died, we don't even know if this is real. Almost all of these "events" are staged, wake up please. Not saying it didn't get shot down, but if the whole thing proved to never even have happened, I wouldn't be surprised.
That's why i would worry if i'm not checked properly and others at the airport, which would potentially be a precursor to air danger.
So an Islamic country (Malaysia) says it was not terrorists. Such brutal honesty.
Amazing how much internet, print and air time has been devoted to conjecture.
even if the plane disintegrated there should still be vast swaths of debris to be located. it's not like this plane was a meteor traveling at 30K mph and burning up in the earth's atmosphere.
As to passengers with "Asian appearance" and having Italian and Austrian passports...please do not call the people at the airport "idiots"!! I have several friends that are are way different ethnicity than their name would lead you to believe! I have a Hispanic friend whose first and last name are Dutch (Dutch ancestors)...he does not look Dutch at all! An Asian friend born and raised in Italy whose name is more German sounding than anything ...have you ever heard of an Italian person with Asian parents who relocated to Italy for a job. They named their son after their German best friend. He then moved to the US and became a citizen. So, it can happen!
Who could forget Mister Papagorgia from Vegas Vacation?
Very true statement, Vicki. A lot of people have limited exposure to other people and cannot wrap their minds around it.
again these people were flying on stolen ID's why wern't they caught. aso the 2 people using the ID's both bought their tickets at the same place.?? suspicious???
You are absolutely correct. But in a security check I don't think it's unreasonable to check unusual passports for validity. In a perfect world we wouldn't have to. But the threat of terrorism requires a little extra vigilance. Not checking for stolen passports is truly in the most general sense idiotic. Not being alert to a possible passport irregularity, while not idiotic, speaks to a lack of competence or ability. I am sure it's insulting when someone dressed as a woman with a male passport is asked a few extra questions. But I would still expect it.
How awful for the families of the passengers; the waiting must be excruciating! My thoughts and prayers are with you.
They still cant locate the damn airliner. With all the technology they use to hassle you at the airport and check your Listerine bottle and shampoo....but they cant use it to find an enormous jet. .....go figure! They are acting like this is a "Where's Waldo" and the media is eating this story up and loving the fact they can milk it for weeks. Obviously the jet crashed....if it hast landed at any other airports (which would have already been confirmed) then it obviously ran out of fuel...and when fuel runs out it loses altitude, and that equals a crash. I had to break it down to basics for the morons out there.
They clarified once again. NO Asian faces, IS Black (obama? Middle Easterners? ) Malaysian authorities want to reduce damage to the tourism image. denied Terrorist attacks China respects the urgent mobilization of 10 satellites, responsible for search and rescue aircraft. Inspection last week's crash occurred after the satellite photos
If this were a terrorist plot, would they have not already boasted their success? So for we heard nothing.
It is more likely that the 2 men where involved in human trafficing than terrorism. Remember that both passports where stolen in Thailand.
I think they may find that the plane did not break up, at least not disintegrate. That kind of scenario would leave many, many pieces of debris along the surface of the water. Not all of the contents would sink. When they find it I think it will be relatively intact, and if so, they will be able to determine the cause. Prayers and wishes of healing for the families.
Maybe I misunderstood, however; I understood that the 777 had progressed from one control tower to the point that it was "about" to be picked up by another and never was. Did anyone else read that? So many unknowns and speculation. I pray for God to grant peace to the families, friends and loved ones of those missing.
Many of you may well be right about this being a terrorist attack. But it is good to see the authorities approaching this with caution. Better to take a little extra time and be sure rather than point fingers at any particular group and be wrong.
I would like to know how stolen passports were able to get through customs. How is that a thing anymore with all the technology we have? Putting all those lives in danger.
Is it possible in flight to turn off the transponder, so that the landed but not bee seen? I don't know anything about how a planes radar/ gps but was just curious.
If the two people with stolen passports were the cause of this. One would think they would want the world to know they were the cause, terrorists do everything big so the world knows it was them.
Gripe complain about air travel in the US or Israel, it takes time, but obviously fake passports are picked up on BEFORE the people or luggage board the plane.
They should look into possible act of terror. These days airliners don't blow up into small bits even if there is fuel ignition on board or compressor blowout.
I say no more articles until they actually find the damn thing--guessing games are just stupid.
guessing games? When you are lost and someone points you in the right the direction would you not follow where they point you?
@ Harley How do you know that the person that points you in the "right" direction is also lost???
Sure makes you think there is someone or others working on the inside. Who in their right mind is going to mistake and Italian man or and Australian man to look Chinese? this all smells like terrorism to me. God bless all the families waiting for news..
You would think even if the plane had been blown up that there would still be some large pieces left in the water. Question is would a fuselage float in the water or sink?
May have this, May have that…I love all the guessing…no one was there….This has happened before many times, before 9/11. Many unsolved incidences that are blown up into all these outrages stories… I hope they find closure and don't jump to conclusions without real hard eveidence….The world is already too paranoid.
Who would do such a vile act of killing innocent civilians. If terrorism is the case, whoever it was I pray their souls burn for eternity.
ive never understood the "praying for their souls to burn". that seems to be the opposite of what every single religion teaches. pray for their forgiveness. or thank them. after all, if there is a god, and they just killed hundreds of innocent people, didnt those innocent people just arrive in a paradise afterlife that we refer to as "a better place"?
Sam, let's have coffee and talk deep philosophical issues. You are correct Sammie (you don't mind me calling you Sammie do you-I mean, I feel like I know you now after trolling you for the last day), praying for another persons soul "to burn" flies in the face of what we feel is the moral thing to do. In the West, Judaism and Christianity have taught us to forgive the offender, be it murder or trolling someone. That does NOT mean that offenders should not face consequences or should be punished. But Sammie is correct from a Christian perspective; believers that die would go to heaven. A Muslim cannot ever be sure of where he/she will go, as it is only 'Allah's will' that decides in the end, UNLESS, a follower dies for a 'holy war'or cause, killing "enemies of Allah". So, you can see why dirt poor uneducated people would decide to blow themselves and others to smithereens, as they leave this world supposedly assured of 'paradise'. But I am convinced their first words in their afterlife will be "Uh oh!" I am convinced there is a God that will be just. He will weigh the heart of each of us and how we lived our lives, knowing our intent and action. It will not be a good deeds vs. bad deeds karmic nonsense. We are not a great cosmic accident. I just hope trolling is forgiveable. You still out there Sammie or have you whiskeyed yourself to sleep yet hon?
I am a Muslim, but as I am Turkish I was raised a liberal Muslim. I follow Islam in a logical way. I believe in the prophets of Christianity and Judaism, I don't believe in certain rules and aspects of what the Hadiths wrote in the Quran. Alcohol is forbidden, why? No reason. Pork is forbidden, why? Because it resembles human and eats it's own feces. Fact is chicken and tilapia eat feces too, yet we still consume them. I drink alcohol and eat pork. Why cover women? No logical sense. I don't believe in Allahs will on earth. We are born without sin and we choose to commit them, only then will Allah judge you. If you are truly a good person, you have no worries. If you kill someone, kill as last resort to protect yourself or those around you. You can't kill to convert. The Islamists are dangerous, the Muslims who lead secular lives are good. I hate terrorists, they will burn.
Turkzil, I appreciate your openness about your beliefs. Can I write you back and ask you some questions?
A plane doesn't just disintegrate mid air due to a mechanical problem, hilarious speculation. Give facts or don't post nonsense
Indeed, how can fuselage, and, especially, wings "disintegrate" into small pieces? They are not made of sandstones.
To the thumbs down...thumbs down to you. Nicholas is the voice of reason. thumbs way up. thanks. I would like to read your comment and defend your negative vote. Please.
KINDA REMINDS ME OF THAT MOVIE... EVENT HORIZON. THE SHIP TRAVELS INTO A DIFFERENT DIMENSION ONLY TO COME BACK DIFFERENTLY.
Enough with the speculation and theories. How about some truth and facts.
any loss is always hard for the ones who had relatives aboard that jet. My heart to all those families.
How sad for the families and how sad for the world that terrorism will exist as long as long as countries remain lax and passports are stolen. So much for checking a database. . .unless the one checking is also involved.
I wonder if we'll ever know what really happened.
This could be like JAL 123 when the back end of the plane popped off. Like that plane, this plane had a repaired component (the wing tip) and if part of the wing broke off, the plane could have flipped a 180 both horizontally and vertically and then dove straight down. The pilots could have been so occupied or disoriented that they had no time to radio for help.
I was thinking the same thing yesterday, that could happen, good point
I was thinking that the wing tip had ruptures and could not hold up after critical mass took place on that wing, who knows if that taxi accident didn't really harm that jet, my guess is that it very well couldve
Plane was sucked into black hole to an alternate reality or was beamed by UFO.
Just another example of the bush-league level of operations here on earth- install all the security safeguards you want, they still have to be carried out by by(in this case) malaysians who make $4/hour (GENEROUS WESTERNER GUESS), with 4 hours training,with the happy thought that an "international organization" like interpol will protect the bush leaguery of the rest of the world. Truth is interpol is as bush league as malaysia. What a joke.
Isn't this an area recently contested by China...and it''s military buildup? Almost sounds like it was shot down.
America saw an entire fleet of Jet Fighters disappear on 911. NORAD is a Trillion Dollar Defense System that responds to airspace incursions. The air space violated on 911 was the most heavily guarded area on the planet. NORAD responds in seconds and gets fighters in the air in minutes. On 911 it took an hour and a half before anything went up to intercept the airliners. Just saying???
It was sucked into a black hole, there is just no other explanation.
Too many avaiation experts posting comments, yet perhaps more than a half of them did not set foot on a plane.
You don't think that China did it either by accident or otherwise?
"There is no evidence to suggest an act of terror," said a European security source, who added that there was also "no explanation what's happened to it or where it is." Really? And, how can this source make this assumption when the wreckage has not been located?
Richard, the terrorist could have just plunged it into the ocean. Why does there have to be an explosion. Why wouldn't they target a Malaysian airline? Terrorists are set on killing anyone that isn't a Muslim. Not all terrorists come forward, especially if they meant to use the plane for something else but things didn't go as planned.
i can only imagine the devastation of such an unexpected loss of a loved one from something so terrible. i feel bad for the families who have to don't even get a little closure.
All theses computers - and google earth live. Why doesn't anyone know how to use them?
Had some of the 239 travelers (especially the two with stolen passports) recently acquired insurance policies? If so, then it might be worth checking out the recently acquired insurance policies and policy holders.
Another theory, perhaps a long shot...I remember in camp many years ago as a lad we would light our farts with a lighter causing an explosive flash, do you suppose there were some camp age juveniles onboard?
The oil slick they seen in Vietnam for sure could have came from a boat. 777 is a big aircraft and to disappear without a trace something is very wrong here. If there was a bomb on board there would be some evidence floating in the ocean. With the massive search in the ocean going on and if the plane blew up there would be evidence of it. This is a complete mystery.
If it disintegrated in the air, there should be pieces on the surface. The seat cushions float, for example. Many other things would float, like clothing.
I think this is Another Message from the Religion of Peace. You know those peaceniks like Osama Bin Laden. They just feel that the rest of the world needs their peaceful teachings for all of us infidels.
Boeing planes don't just disintegrate in mid -air Suspicious passports and people still won't say terrorism.
Wow, that makes total sense. How about the plane just disappeared? That makes more sense b/c there's no evidence of it ANYWHERE!
It is looking more and more like somebody blew this plane up. But if that is the case, why hasn't some person or group claimed responsibility? My heart goes out to the families of all who were presumably killed in whatever happened to this plane. For their sake, I hope there are answers soon.
I wish the families the utmost strength now. Not having any idea what happened to your loved ones must be an unbearable pain.
Luigi and Gepetto. Two persons of international interest. That should be the first step.
The plane landed safely in the south of Thailand. Which was once part of Malaysia n the Muslims south are holding them as hostages. You will know I am telling the truth in a few days.
I know that you are full of it, NOW. Other then pulling it out of your a(s)(s), where do you have even the thinnest shred of proof to support your wildly moronic speculation?
Bo - If you know all that why not contact the authorities in Kuala Lumpur? It's still 3:30 pm there. Hurry!
Such a tragedy. Makes you wonder if today will be your last day or not….
Let's speculate some more, because the 'net has nothing better to do. Terrorism, the boogie man, explosion, Obama, collision with a flock of geese, missile strike, pilot error, mechanical failure, rogue squirrel in the engine, flight never happened in the first place....STOP IT !!!!! The material of a Boeing 777 simply doesn't "disintegrate" to a point where there are NO possible pieces that could be found. How about taking a LARGE step back from the "need to know yesterday" news world we live in, and let all investigators do their job?
I suppose we're stuck with airport security because the terrorists have won. Just don't expect that it will ever be perfect, it won't. If you fly, there will always be a remote chance that you will die; just like there is always a remote chance that you will be killed while running a marathon.
Yes, we know that the plane may have integrated in mid-air, otherwise it would have been flying elsewhere. You just turn the headline upside down twice a day. Stop making redundant article.
Of course it's TERRORISM! It didn't disappear over the Bermuda triangle! It had people aboard who had false passports and who knows what else!
Exactly - Who knows that this WAS terrorism. Have any terror groups tried to claim responsibility yet? Didn't think so.
Lemme guess: Are some of the terrorists on the plane name Jack, Sawyer, Sayid, Hurley...
I had my passport stolen years ago and I reported it. When you show your passport doesn't the airline check it on the database to make sure it is valid and it is not flagged as being stolen? God, I really hope they do, sounds scary if they don't.
Jets tend to disintegrate when there's a bomb aboard and it goes off and somebody had to be involved at the airport unless their security is that lax.
This is truly sad. If it really disintegrated we might not know what ever happened and hundreds of family members won't have closure as to what happened. Sad day around the world.
Brilliant conclusion, but where the hell. Is the debris field?
Well, Uighur can expect payback from the Chinese government. Maybe the annihilation of their race.
I truly cannot stop laughing! Here's why: Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticizing border officials who let them through. "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. Does he not realize that he has an Arabic name and an Asian face? How about the mixed kids from a Korean/Japanese/Chinese mom and American Soldier/Marine dad who look totally Asian but speak with suhthun dahrawl's? OK, I get it, sure, two asians with Euro passports and no one raised an alarm in the least! How about the two euro's who had their passports stolen, yet no one thought to FLAG them for NO FLY? Well, back to my original laughing. This is getting worse and worse. IF you are AMERICAN, stay in America. To go elsewhere, where most of the rest of the world hates US is taking your own life in hand. Maybe if we pull every bit of foreign aid, the idiots may rethink their positions
Damn there must be a lot of inbreeding in your family if you feel that strongly about leaving America.
Wow; you're really naive. "The rest of the world hates us"? The rest of the world is composed of people just like you and me; trying to make their way in life. A lot of them have it way way way harder than you do.
American, lived overseas for 22 years and you are just nuts!
So stop laughing....why are people always looking for who to blame.There were in excess of two hundred lives lost.That is the point.Finding them is important.Support for the families who lost loved ones...that is important.Maybe you could stop laughing and pray.
I won't offer apology because levity is always good in times of stress, but the bodies from this will not be found. The craft detonated in the sky, disintegrated, and whatever came out of it did so in pieces. Trust me, you do not want to see the results of this. I have seen blown up bodies in Afghanistan. It's an ugliness that none need to see, but for some twisted reason WANT to, so they can get some kind of twisted closure. As to the rest of the world hating US, check out the nations we give aid to, and where the most terrorist activity is. As to inbred, not here. We just hold a very dim view of the people who hate us. We would rather stay home than go elsewhere to find them, but if we must, rifle in hand works best
Let me address you clowns who say I am laughing at the deaths. You morons should go back and read what I put there. I am laughing about the the people who said the passports had euro names and asian faces in person. I am laughing about the arabic name on an asian faced man. Get your freakin facts right you ignorant Fhuhktards! Where did I laugh at the deaths of people? NOWHERE!
This will get figured out. Dam. What a bummer. Passports stolen in Thailand two years ago used in Malaysia. One can bet we in the world have the best people we've got working on this. Maybe, someone has another notch in the grip. Who knows. Let's hope the convenient explanation doesn't suffice for the investigators.
This is very tragic, but fascinating. No debris, bodies, luggage, transponders (black boxes). This mystery will never be answered.
The one bit of information this and all articles are forgetting to mention is how old was this aircraft? Did it have any recent mechanical issues or any serious ones in the past?
Translation: The plane blew up, and we are trying to cover it up. People aren't dumb, things just don't evaporate in thin air like that. Cars with Onstar can be tracked to the exact location, but they are telling us multi million dollar planes can't?
Not to make fun of the situation at all, but why do I get the feeling a few Taiwanese high school students armed with a broken xbox, length of rope, and a roll of duct tape, could find some debris before any of the goverments involved in the search.
did the passports have photos? Other than that, how can one validate a passport unless checked against a database? Asian faces or not they could still be Italian, Australian, or of any country.
It was aliens again, gosh, aliens I tell you, another planet far away kind of aliens. (They are everywhere)
Interesting to see how much Boeing's stock declines tomorrow off a news story like this. And my thoughts and prayers go out to the victims, their family, and their loved ones.
That is terrible how anyone hurt anyone for no reason we all are people god says you love one another and dont hate for any reason .theses people innisent people they all have familys be with so terrible for something like this to happen. We need to have peace in this world know matter were its at. Pray for these familys amen
Terrorist have found away to make a bomb on board. Further restrictions are coming and we can't be political correct with these animals.
Underscores the importance of doing a job properly.
Relax lads, there's only 1 explanation here. Aliens.
Regardless of how it went down I hope the terror and suffering they would have experienced was just momentarily.
There are thousands of Asian with non-Asian faces living in America. All the adopted Asian kids have American first and last names
Airplanes disintegrate about as often as cars disintegrate. This article is ridiculous.
The terrorist tried to turn the plane and probably had a target to crash into but he pilots put up a fight and the plane crashed.
IF IT IS TERRORISM. WHAT NATIONALITY OR COUNTRY WERE THEY TARGETING ?
china I think. there's been a number of islamic terrorist attacks there lately
When someone tries to use a credit card reported as stolen the transaction does not go through and alerts that it is a stolen card. When a passport is reported as stolen or lost shouldn't it be entered in a database that triggers an alert when someone tries to use it in an airport?
At least America can't be blamed for this one. Sounds like someone needs to lose their job!
If you're going to blow up a plane in mid-air what's the point of stealing a passport? Ridiculous. Be wary- the corporate world and military/ industrial complex have motives in deflecting the blame AWAY from mechanical failure or pilot error.
In this day and age where we can see who's launching what missile and how far it has flown as well as the type of missile it is - you mean to say nobody can find a plane with about 227 people on board?? With cell phones and an assortment of other electronic devices?? Yeah, sure. Cover up.
Here is the problem...the gargantuan media is like a huge shark that is swimming/ hunting for prey 24/7. It needs news breaks every 5 seconds to hold its attention deficit suffering audience and airliner accidents are usually complex/ take months of painstaking work to reach any conclusion, if at all one can be made. Instead of feeding people half baked bits and pieces causing indigestion, why not wait at least until some parts of the planes are found and examined. In case the plane disintegrated after an explosion, chemical residues found on the parts can confirm that. Main point, we need some patience all around and wait for some real viable news to come out!
Whats wrong with getting small updates?
Exactly right, GJ, the media thrives on speculation instead of fact.
Fine, border sec is lax but what about MAS immigration officers? How did they get ONTO the plane after being cleared?
The why's and why not's are really only important to the make the "incident" official. Any reason will not bring these family and friends who are waiting any comfort. They only want to know where there loved one's are and will they spend it in the "resting place that fate has brought them to. Now is the time to look to the sky and blow a kiss and send your love to the one who will be missed.
This is a very sad story. Coming from a person who travels often, this could have literally happened to anyone. What really bothers me is not knowing how they passed away (assuming they did). I really hope no one suffered, my heart truly goes out to the families of the victims.
This is so strange. Either terrorism or pilot suicide seems like logical answers. These Boeing Aircraft are very safe planes and it seems unlikely it was mechanical failure.
Oh sure, sometimes jetliners just break up in mid air due to mechanical failure. Sure.
There have been numerous incidents of exactly that happening since the beginning of the jet age.
Malaysia's state news agency quoted Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the two passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticizing border officials who let them through. "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces" But that would be racial profiling!!! What a friggin concept!! Wouldn't you do a double take if you looked at an Asian with a passport that read something like Gerhardt Himmler????
I guess we will not have any survivors.
Firstly Emphasis : If Boeing 777 MH 370 Crashed in Thailand Water Way , Gulf of Thailand Gulf of Andaman , Thailand Fully Investigate and Responsive , will inform Malaysia Authority . ! ! Second , You have a Pilot and Staff DRUNK AND FALL ASLEEP ON DUTY ! ! ! ! ! . Thailand Law we prohibited DRINK AND DRIVE ON BOARD ! ! ! SORRY !
So, Anyone one else want to slap the smile off of the lady in line at the airport in this video? NOT appropriate lady.
Can that even happen? I mean to COMPLETELY disintegrate in mid-air without ANY trace of anything?
Sucked out? Surely you can't be serious?
if the aircraft had a problem they would have to radio traffic control to notify they were changing direction for security reasons! someone said on another post what would returning to where they took off from have to do with terrorism they possibly wanted to make political or political prisoner demands, etc.
Disintegrate is not possible unless a massive explosion. Bigger than the space shuttle.
At last, Authorities of the world have to admit Aliens do exist. Stargate in the Sky?.
I don't understand how a plane can be lost. Was it shot down? No bad weather and wouldn't they have heard something on the radio from the pilot if it was mechanical problems? So confusing.
what a tragedy! I feel so sorry for the families who lost relatives on board, I hope the authorities can give them some answers quickly on how the accident (or ?) took place.
Families say that some of the passengers cellphones keep ringing. The plane is inland, not underwater.
0 debris? I find that a bit odd... What do the submarine surveillance of the area have to say?
Condolences to the families. I think had the plane blown up mid air there would be floating cushions and other debris. It's more likely it crash landed, or they had decompression and crash landed.
How on earth does a plane just disintegrate. There would have to be one hell of an explosion for that to happen. Even if there were terrorists on board, the cockpit door should have been locked so that the pilots could still control the craft. If there were weapons, how on Earth did they even get on a plane? Without weapons, these terrorists would have been useless, and anybody on the plane could have stopped them. Too many unresolved questions here, and I have a hard time believing that a plane would just "disintegrate". That, to me, is stupid.
Try sticking your hand out a window while driving 80 mph. Now imagine your hand stuck out a window while you're travelling about 500 mph. If the plane disintegrated, then that means something subjected it to drag, i.e. your hand, and going that speed, the plane would have been torn to shreds. Once the plane starts to fall apart, it no longer has just lateral velocity, now it has rotational forces and alot more. All the while, drag is breaking even those pieces up into smaller pieces. Look what happened to the space shuttle. Drag will do this to a high velocity vehicle, especially one that is pressurized and already ready to burst. Luckily, if this happened at cruising altitude, no one was conscious when it happened. That rapid a drop in pressure would have knocked them all out immediately.
Flying over 250mph if a wing falls off the force of the jets and the speed will rip it to sheds.
Well, you need to realize, if there were terrorists, they could've just hijacked the plane and flew it straight into the ground.
Jon, couldn't agree more! Obviously, since your knowledge and imagination are insufficient to allow you to comprehend the official story, the gap must be explained by problems with the official story, rather than by your own stupidity. That is how conspiracy theories are made. I hope that helps.
ur right,..there would have been tons of floating debri scattered all around,..remember the iranian jet we accidentally shot down,..there was stuff everywhere floating,also there was the plane off of NY,..it had stuff floating around,....BUT the french plane lost in the south Atlantic on the way to South america,when straight down head first in the ocean,and nothing hardly was found,..so u know the jet was in one piece when it dipped in the water
@Jon: Actually, there are several things that can make a plane disintegrate in mid-flight. Metal fatigue in a critical section of the plane, fire aboard the plane, or the plane making rapid rudder movements are just a few. Planes are fairly fragile instruments that need good pilots and good computers to stay one step ahead of the mechanical components.
I am hearing that the planes are back to the old cockpit doors because they are griping about the cost of the these reinforced ons.. This is a foreign airline and may not even have had one.
Easier than you think. There are forces most have no idea about. Just a little crack will tear the whole plane apart.
Moneya, if it hits the water as one piece it will shatter and debris will be around the area of impact . If it breaks apart at 30,000 miles, the debris might be hundreds of miles apart.
Jon, all planes are pressurized and if you get a hole in the aircraft all the pressure rushes out just like a balloon and at the speed it was going it would come apart quickly.
@ Timothy you moron, that's how conspiracy theories start, because there is not yet any "official" story. All info right now is B.S. fiction. There is no facts yet!!!
@Tony I know! Isn't it great? There isn't even an official explanation but Rush Fan already knows the official explanation is #$%$.
No 777 has ever been ripped apart in midair by a stress fracture. They need to find the wreckage to determine if something mechanical caused it, like sudden loss of hydraulics or electrical power
Even if the plane was torn apart there would be debris, it doesn't just become sand...and it also doesn't explain two evenly dispersed oil slicks. In fact the gasoline would have vaporized or been unevenly dispersed, so the notion that it was a mid-air explosion seems even less likely when presented w/ the oil slick story.
The Christian all loving, all knowing, all powerful god must be behind this. By believing in the Christian god and thinking he can do no wrong and is all powerful, that means he knew that this was going to happen and did nothing to stop it. I don't think a guy who loves everybody like his kids would allow a plane to disappear. Wow I hate theists.
all the ATHEISTS that i know would not come on a thread like this looking to argue their views, theyre way more respectful than you....get over yourself please, this is not about YOU!
He must be new. He is still mad at God....
Maybe the immigration officials were paid off to purposely let some people on board with stolen passports. If so, I hope they will be held liable too.
Time to get Walter Bishop and the rest of the crew on this. They have experience in such matters.
I can feel what others feel, both their happiness and sadness. The woman's face on the main page, her eyes swollen and red, from one human being to another lady --- if I could hug you I would. My deepest condolences. Much love for all families waiting.
So many comments. I know what happened though, aliens have come to visit and check out our technology. Haven't heard that one yet!
Even if these two passengers with stolen passports got on board how did they get passed security with a bomb or some type of explosive? Do they check for explosives on checked baggage? I don't fly much and after this I stay on the ground for a while. I never like flying anyway. I hope there is an answer soon for the sake of all the loved ones who are suffering right now from not knowing anything.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," Oh my, but that would be "racial profiling" & as we all know here in the US, you would be just a hater if you were to do something that made sense like, "racial profiling".
Why don't they install a live audio and video feed that send voice and visual data back to off site black boxes located at radar stations closest to the airplane. If you can make a phone call from a plane and a pilot can use a radio for communication then they should be able to send live data from all planes to ground receivers. Data would only need to be access in the event of an accident or crash.
Satellite communication is more expensive than cheap flight mark. There are no cell towers in the middle of the South China Sea.
This is a China thing, mark my words. Some stupid China pilot shot the plane down. It would not be the first time. So, that said, all China aircraft should be prepared to be shot down over other national borders. I want to see the China National Air Support documentation from that time frame, UNEDITED.
Not a chance. The debris would be everywhere.
SA5 or SA6 or well you know, they disappear.35K is a hell of a fall.
The only other possibility I can think of is the Asian version of the Bermuda Triangle.
How's your triangle? Any large aircraft lost in there?
Yes. Planes and ships. You've never heard of the Bermuda Triangle?! I thought everyone knew about that. But that was awhile back. Dozens of planes and ships "disappeared" in an area just off the west coast of Bermuda. Google it.
Disintegrated? Did Khan shoot it down? Maybe it was Al-Qaeda and they were testing a new bomb at an airport that didn't have security? It sounds like a success!
How about a toxic gas incapacitating the flight crew and passengers and the plane ditching on autopilot and sinking intact?
If there is no debris anywhere, the plane had to have exploded way up in the air and the pieces are just scattered across thousands and thousands of miles….. Which means it was a terrorist attack, or a missile targeted the aircraft. Really no other explanation
That's what I think happened also. Otherwise, there wouldn't be such a mystery of why the plane isn't able to be traced, it MUST have been blown into a zillion pieces, along with everyone on it. I wonder if we'll ever find out for sure what happened. I also strongly suspect it was an act of terrorism, and probably highly trained suicide Islam extremists. Maybe they had a military or political target in mind.
if terrorists were going to bomb a plane why would there board more than one person?
Each one had some bomb components.
Well on 911 there were 4. You do have to take over the crew.
I have a feeling somebody knows a little bit more than what's being revealed. May they RIP.
This is a cover up. I heard that ALIENS or UFOs abducted the airplane from an undisclosed source.
Malaysia's state news agency quoted Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticizing border officials who let them through. "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. Can you imagine the screams of racism with that comment here in the US....
Usually "Asian looking," have asian names not Austrian or Italian sounding names, in most cases.
In my mind the only answer is a bomb or terrorists somehow got into the flight crew space. Any mechanical problems, IE loss of power, a wing breaking off, which would have happened at climb out. These difficulties would have given time to radio an SOS. Now about all that can be done is to use active sonar to find the wreckage.
I'm just waiting for the final official article.
How does someone lose a plane? How does a plane just disappear?
Why hasn't any terrorist organization claimed responsibility?
Because they are trying to sign up for Obamacare.
Because their brain washed and think their doing good for the planet.
One issue at a time Tom
It's very sad, and i hope that never happens ever again or anything like that. And i am sorry, bbut this thing has been yahoo's top news for past more than 48 hrs !! Probably more than 2300 (23 hundred ) people died in that time frame. People are saddly stupid. Some people.
I read that there was a 2 year old and a 4 year old, both Americans. I don't know flight regulations, but really hope they weren't travelling alone.
Was it necessary to break down the nationalities?
Earlier it was claimed a Ukraine national was also on the plane. not now? What happened?
Oh FORGIVE ME, angry troll who MUST thumbs down *all *of my posts! There were TWO Ukraine nationals aboard, not one. Mea maxima cupla. Now go GET A LIFE!
With the NSA monitoring everyone's communications, you would think they would have been aware of a planned terrorist attack. But then again, I said that about the Boston Marathon bombing too.
Why are stolen passports tracked internationally and flagged when an attempt to use them is made?
Speculate all you want, but the truths, we don't know a thing about it outside of the fact that it disappeared from radars at 35,000 feet.
Of course there is scant evidence of an attack. What a bloody useless statement. There is scant evidence of anything at the moment. Speculation like this is not helping anyone, least of the families if they need to read rubbish like this. Stop speculating, and wait for REAL evidence to point to the answers. The media should be ashamed of themselves for of hyping-up an incident like this just for the sake of a storyline.
How come they dont have a GPS tracking system integrated in the waterproof black box so that they can always track the airplane even if it goes down or splits into million pieces? This would make the rescue missions alot more efficient and possibly save some lives. Also every time i read about this incident i cant help but think about "LOST" show.
I am having a really hard time connecting the dots here. It is believed that the plane disintegrated at 35,000 feet, yet they found a 6 mile and a 9 mile long oil slick. Over a distance that long and that high, I dont see how the slick would be formed by the disintegrating plane. If this plane was breaking up when it made these slicks there would have been debris with this leaking fuel.
It is a very sad and tragic catastrophie. My heart goes out to the families of the victims. It is a vey strange and mysterious that there was no distress call and despite extensive search, investigators have not been able to find a clue as of yet. I am praying for a miracle.
Speculating on a cause will not help find the plane. Find it first.
Wow a stupid comment by the Malaysian Home Minister. "Cant these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces" Ahhhh hello Mc Fly. That doesnt necessarily prove anything. If this is how their security checks work then you gotta question the entire security process. Time for a security audit. wow. A little premature with that statement, since it hasnt been determined how the plane was brought down.
if they worked for homeland security, they would have been given a promotion, just like the official who approved and mailed mohammed atta's posthumous citizenship.
It was a pretty stupid comment. I have an Asian face and Vietnamese given name, but I have a British surname. I guess that in the US, that doesn't raise any red flags because I speak fluently with the typical accent of my region. My passport was scrutinized and discussed once in Japan. A supervisor talked with me and decided that I sounded American. I have been through immigration in at least 12 different countries, and except that one time in Tokyo, no one has even raised an eyebrow. It has been asked many times already, but I will ask again: How can somebody board a plane with a passport that has been reported stolen over a year ago?
I agree with "RA" who asked: "Could there be a possibility of completely vanishing from radar but still be flying around, ... hijacked ... brought somewhere else?" I wish with all my heart that that is the scenario being played out. That those passengers/crew are alive, just not home, not at their chosen destination(s). For those families (and everyone watching), I need to believe, for now, ... that the "worst-case scenario" – isn't!!
the plane carried 7 hours of fuel.. it's been 24 hours since it 'disappeared'. I pretty sure they're no longer in the air. probably landed on island, somewhere or worse crashed into the ocean. if they landed on land in some country we would've known by now as they should report it. but no.. the strange thing is, there SHOULD at least be debris somewhere. my prayers go to all affected by this unfortunate incident.
It's a mighty big ocean out there and there may be mighty little pieces they are looking for. The expert investigators already know a hundred times more than any of us posting here, so maybe we can hang back and wait for them to do their job.
Call all those from California beaches with metal detectors. They will find it in a heartbeat.
USA gov can see thirty plus feet in ground from space.
East Turkistan terrorist bombings most probable. Wait 10 hour? What two days be found? Oil, Jet door The Malaysian authorities to airport security & Vietnamese Navy incompetence That they did not checked on the Interpol database loss of passport 237 Poeple + 2 terrorists , 30,000 feet high altitude was not explode, who would believe... (=_=;)
"it may have disintegrated in mid-flight." May have? Are you kidding me? A 777 doesn't change course, drop 600 ft, and go off radar from 35,000 ft with any reason other than disintegration. Anything else and it would have stayed on radar for until it hit the water. It was either shot down (unlikely) or there was a bomb (very likely).
agreed about the radar, but how new is their radar? ours would of told them the height of the plane until it was at sea level. i certainly hope it broke up fast and no one felt anything. if it did go in intact then I hope everyone was unconcious.
Were it to be a bomb, and this would have had careful planning and a much larger network to achieve, why have we not heard from those responsible?
It could have been catastrophic failure as well, but its all speculation and few facts at this point.
No radar is going to be able to track that small of debris unless its military grade. The cost of building that fine a radar system is outside of civilian aviation that just doesn't need anything that precise. Even the military radar I worked on couldn't do that. As for them being conscious, no way. Explosive decompression would have knocked them out within seconds even if they just lost cabin pressure. I think it's safe to say they went quickly.
But there would still be a debris field, right?
The GOP disintegrated, why not a plane?
really sad. sorry for all the pain and suffering this is. unless there is some real live pictures of debree we manynever know God bless the families and friends with peace.
Or it could have been some sort of catastrophic failure that caused the plane to suddenly lose its pressurization and break apart. Not saying it isn't foul play, but there are lots of accidental ways for that to happen.
Someone here doesn't know anything about primary radar and secondary radar, I'm looking at you Paul....
Joshua paul isn't very bright about radars huh??
"I'm looking at you Paul." I'm sorry but I laughed so hard when I read that I spit my drink.
If the plane disintegrated, then how did the oil slicks get there? Seems to be contradicting statements.
We don't know if the oil slick is from the 777
What is the composition of the oil slick? Is it the same type of fuel used in the missing plane? If not, then no trace of this plane indicates that is was hijacked.
Your right Joshua; I only worked on military aircraft radar systems for 11 years and civilian radar for about 20 years. What do I know. How much industry experience do you and John have?
Paul, with all of your internet verified experience, why don't you know that and aircraft that disintegrates in flight puts off a HUGE primary radar return, larger than the intact aircraft?
Sounds like the little boys named Joshua, Spawn32f, and John are just trying to start an argument. Trolls always come out when the discussions are going down a logical and intelligent path. Sad to think they can't contribute to a real discussion. They are probably compensating for their intellectual shortcomings.
Sounds like Flynboy is the alt account of Paul.
Now they are saying that the Malaysian military tracked it to the west coast. New info. This is getting weirder by the second.
Republi-Aliens!!!! The rest of you Repubs are next!
Do you know how big the night sky would light up if this jet suddenly blew up? It would be like daylight for 100 miles circumference and don't tell me that for 100 miles there weren't any ships, boats, cameras, or eyes to see and capture the nigh sky lighting up that way and then seeing burning debris falling out of the 35,000 feet high sky so this isn't likely to have happened. No explosion, that can't be. Impossible.
Interpol has a database of stolen passport but the airline did not use it. I wonder how many other airlines do not use it? It seems like it is a serious security flaw even if the plane crashed due to an accident. Hopefully airlines will be required to use it in the future.
Now they need to search China, Vietnam, and Malaysian forests.
Wouldn't they MORE LIKELY find some floatation devices and debris FLOATING on the water if the plane broke up in the sky? Sounds to me like it dove straight in to leave no traces. And why no distress, or homing beacon onboard in this age of GPS?
Terrorist bomb goes off at 35,000 feet. Prior to that there is a commotion in the passenger cabin and the pilots decide to head back to home as a precaution. But if so, why no signal to air traffic controllers? If the cockpit door was locked, there should have been enough time at least for that to occur as there was apparently time to maneuver the plane around. Really baffling at this point.
I guess it must have been a very dark desert and night, when this plane exploded and disappeared. If no one saw anything or it simply went into some dark hole in the sky.
Shakes-it could have been a trial run to see if their new schemes would get by security. Then too the China group has claimed they are guilty. I would believe Russia did it with a sam to get the world off it's back about the Ukraine
I dont believe a plane of that size can just disintegrate. There has to be some debris or luggage floating around.
There are photos of the Asian Italian and the other European Asian boarding the flight. Maybe they can ID the 2 people. I here there are 2 other people; total of 4. Maybe all 4 went to the same Muslim bombing school and can be ID'd from their yearbook?
hmm disintergrated at 35,000 feet but oil slicks 9 and 6 miles long were spotted. seems we do not know , and they are trying to keep us updated on things they do not know. Why do goverments of ALL countries try to keep us in the dark on everything. I cannot believe in this day and age we cannot find the ping of the black boxes, but the goverment can tell you what your doing on your computer , what time you made a phone call, but we have no science on how to find a plane?
In some cases the black boxes disintegrate or are rendered useless, depending on what happened. If the boxes did survive, they are most likely at the bottom of a very deep ocean, which makes it much more difficult to hear the ping. They need special equipment to find it that deep, so I would imagine that equipment will be making it's way to the area where they speculate it went down.
Just wait. Some stupid get-a-lifer on the Shmistory Channel is going to claim that a (ha-ha) "UFO" zapped it, even though it's been proven beyond a doubt that there are no "space aliens."
And the low information conspiracy nuts will believe it -- but only if Nostradamus predicted it.
Don't forget the Moron Calendar. Nostradumbell is not alone!
CHECK THE SEATS # WITH THE NAME AND PROBABLY IN THE MANIFEST, THE LIST HAVE TO MACH WITH THE PEOPLE BOARDING THE PLANE. ANOTHER THING IS ALMOS ALL THE ORIENTALS LUCK AT LIKE, SO THE ONLY DIFFERENT THEY HAVE, IS THE FINGER PRINT. SO ANY ONE COMING TO THE USA THEY SHOULD CHECK. SO ONE DIE THE OTHER CHINESE, TAKES OVER. I HOPE THEY DON'T HAVE IN THE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORTS IN USA, PEOPLE CONTRACTING THE SERVICES, OF CHECKING THE PASSPORTS AND GIVING SEATS. I FEEL SORRY FOR THE BABYS AND INOCENT PEOPLE ON BOARD OF THE PLANE. WHAT TO DO RIGTH NOW, IS GET PEOPLE GOING UNDER THE WATER, SO THEY COULD GET THE BLACK BOX. THE CHINESE PEOPLE HAVE TO DO THE JOB. I THINK BORDER OFFICIALS WHO LET THEM THROUGH IS TO BLAME.
Learn English before you shout your racist drivel moron.
Betty, Please turn off your caps lock, when they find some wreckage they will try to find the black box, you can't just dive into the ocean and find it.
777's don't magically disappear. Luggage floats, seats float, etc...If it did blow up at 35,000 ft then the debris field will be ludicrous in size. Trying to find it with surface craft would be like hunting a needle in a haystack. I am curious as to why someone would try to use stolen passports flying INTO China.
"Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticizing border officials who let them through." How can any nation be so stupid and not take its border security seriously, allowing people without authorization to come through its borders at will? Tsk. Tsk.
If not terrorists then who were the people that used the stolen passports, the drug dealers?
it's sad how in 2014 with all this technologythat they could not follow up with the plane and locate it or even make planes safer.. when i heard about this , i started to cry. i can't imagine what these families are going through. This is sooo scary. STAY STRONG.
Don't be scared, get angry! There is a 95% surety it was the work of Muslims.
Yeah, Yeah, and it may have been shot down by a UFO! Someone needs to man up and tell the truth, terrorist with stolen passports more than likely blew the aircraft apart. But we have to tip toe around the truth for a few days to get our legal team together to make sure we lose as little money as possible in our payouts.
Tragic indeed.... But I seriously doubt this had anything to do with terrorism. This plane had a history with a wing. If a 777 list a wing at 35,000 and went into and out of spin from that altitude...there would be nothing bug little pieces of bodies, cargo, and wreckage reaching earth, and scattered over hundreds of miles.... This is the more plausible explanation. God bless all the innocent passengers
My prayers with all involved in this unimaginable tragedy. May God, or whatever else, comfort your souls.
Ah... the seeds of conspiracy theories already sprouting! What use is evidence-based investigation when there are a million wild baseless and crazy ideas to throw against the wall? What will stick? Only time will tell.
They need to make the signals the black boxes give out much much stronger. If anything survived those would, and finding them would provide the answers everyone is looking for.
There was a so-called asteroid that was flying between the earth and the moon at this time. Perfect cover for aliens to acquire human subjects for further study. Just saying!
Only aliens can make that happen.
A bomb at 35 angels (35,000'), traveling at a speed hundreds of mph will do that.
A bomb, Andrew. Planes do not "disintegrate" of their own accord.
If a wing were to break, or if the fuselage were to tear open (like the flight that landed in Hawaii several years ago), a plane at that altitude and speed could break up. Maybe not "disintegrate," but could break up in pieces that would be scattered over a very large area. Kind of like the space shuttle Discovery in 2003. So it CAN happen. It does look suspicious, but officials can't declare anything until they have evidence. The size of the area, the possibility that broken pieces of a plane would sink faster than an entire fuselage, etc, make it hard to find that evidence. Give it time.
Tmac - Just to so you know, the 777 has one of the toughest airframes ever made. 95% chance It was a bomb. A bomb goes off at 35 angels (35,000') inside a slender 209' tube that is a compromise of strength and weight (all planes are) travelling at 639.5 miles per hour, what do you think is going to happen to it? Think of a fourth of July fireworks display... relatively speaking the pieces will be quite small, and when they land on the surface of the water will either be spread in the currents or sink to the bottom. This took place at a spot on the sea whose smallest girth from shore to shore was 243.24 miles, with the crash location 100.22 miles from the Malaysian shore. Yes, it will take time.
may this accident be investigated to give justice to the victim as well to their family in general.
But God chose the foolish things of the world to shame the wise; God chose the weak things of the world to shame the strong. 1 Corinthians 1:27 NIV
This is just such a strange set of circumstances surrounding this...
I BET TEN TO THE SULTAN OF BRUNEI'S paltry B)ALL(S (such as they might be!) that this was done by MUSLIM JIHADIS (that is, simple, pious, devout Muslims merely OBSERVING their DEATH-cult's COMMANDS!) who wanted to HIT the non-Muslim Chinese, much like their Chinese MUSLIM Uighur BRETHREN did on Saturday, 01MAR14, at the Kun-Ming, China RAILROAD station (33 DEAD, 137 slashed/hacked with swords by male & female MUSLIM Uighur JIHADIS)! To allow MUSLIMS to handle airline BAGGAGE ANYWHERE is STUPIDITY & MURD'ROUS!
If this was an act of terrorism, then those people need to be executed on the spot. The world cannot tolerate the expense of such behavior, for if we do, this will only continue at the expense of all countries. God bless all the souls of everyone on board.
first I want to say is that air travel is very safe. However, with that being said when there is crash it really is so devastating because the loss of life is so much. Now do not air traffic control personal monitor each plane in the sky? I don't know I am confused why this happened
Since I've actually lost a very close family member in the commercial airplane crash, I can relate to the pain these family members feel. The pain is excruciating, but it eases with time, and you come to terms with your pain. I send my condolences to the families, but I hurt with them all the same.
Well so far they haven't found evidence of anything. Pretending that they know the plane wasn't attacked is as factual as the Easter Bunny at this point.
As is pretending it was, no?
""I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday." Exactly. That's common sense. Unfortunately, if one used that kind of ordinary common sense in the good ol' USA he or she would likely be sued, condemned and possibly prosecuted.
Wow, getting sued for having common sense.
This is what happened...While at cruising speed, the plane started to jerk and rattled very violently due to the pressure both in and around the plane, along with mechanical failures...The plane broke and tore apart and disintegrated very fast, and it wasn't due to an explosion or a terrorist attack, or a pilot's suicide. There was no explosion or any fires on-board. When the plane broke apart suddenly, everyone got sucked out into the open night sky outside. It was so fast and they felt nothing. They didn't know what hit them. They just passed out and blacked out in an instant because of the cold atmosphere outside. Pieces of the plane and the plane's fuel tanks fell into the ocean, and started to leak and spread out...There was no fiery explosion in the sky, which would have used up all the fuel in mid air, and any remaining fuel would have dried up as they come tumbling down to the ocean floor below...I'm psychic and I saw this entire event.
And i'm wolverine of the x-men.
The only question I have is...if it was a terrorist attack, why aren't those goons rushing to claim the "glory"? I have a Malaysian friend on facebook and hours before the jet crashed, he and a lot of others put up a black avator because of something that went down in Malaysia - some sort of governmental flaw. Wish I'd paid more attention. So many questions....
The lack of security is shocking...to say the least. I pray for those poor souls and I cant imagine what they went through. While some might scoff....I have a hard time thinking that this was anything but a terrorist attack. In a plane such as this...... major equipment malfunctions send out their own set of mayday communications....without needing the pilot or anyone else to do it. You would have to have several catastrophic events take place to keep the planes equipment from sending its own data. Even when you have catastrophic equipment malfunction....the pilot is also sent alarms as to the malfunctions. Many pilots have kept the plane "coasting" when the engines have shut down completely...which would allow for plenty of communications even if the plane was doomed. If a bomb was placed within the correct places along the fuselage...the plane would blow in two maybe three places where there would be little debris. Easily done by a knowledgeable engineer. The fact that the plane seemed to have turned around...without any communication before it "disappeared" gives more credit to my statement.
The media are scared to death to say TERRORISTS!!! A plane just 'disintegrated'!!! I have NEVER heard of this one before. EVERYONE outside of the MEDIA knows what happened and who did it!!! Were there any texts, email or phone calls made from the plane trying to contact 'others' at the time the plane 'disintegrated'? Prayers to all the families who lost loved ones on the plane.
Doesnt feel like a terrorist attack. Either landed in the water and sank intact with no survivors able to escape, or it was 'dissapeared' for one reason or another. Maybe there was a highly contagious viralogical outbreak and the pilot sank it for the sake of humanity.
it totally feels like a terrorist attack. They are just trying to keep folks calm. Show's all the classic signs it just blew up in the air.
I agree, How did it just disintegrate and what are they not telling us? Clearly they stated the paths of two fuel spills in earlier post. Must lead one to believe if there were an explosion would the fuel have laid out so perfectly as in paths. "trails"
this is very strange indeed, they should have found some evidence or satellite photo of something. is it possible they landed somewhere. is it possible to jam radar?
The chance of zero debris field is well zero, since they have not found ANYTHING I am thinking the plane was either relocated by hijacking or slow crashed into the ocean. Where is all of the insulation and seat foam? look at the lockerbe pictures....there would be floating debris EVERYWHERE. This one is getting really strange.
"Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces" Well, yes, it does happen.
They are dead and it was not a terror or some conspiracy situation which I am a big fan of. Accidents sometimes just happpen
Doubtful that the plane disintegrated in mid-air and over the ocean/water...there is enough floating debris on airplanes to be spotted by now. If the plane crashed/disintegrated over land there is a better chance the the plane and debris could be hidden in cover due to the dense tropical jungles of the mainland. All a tragedy.
Where could this plane be diverted too?
It's a conspiracy to get people scared and conjecturing on the internet so the powers that be can study human nature.
What a tragedy.. something really needs to be done, Malaysian Authorities, interpol and all the able authorities, this is a whole families and countries, there have to be more search into this tragedy because their families cant sleep.. that is why you are there as experts.
because people always steal passports to travel abroad. No evidence equals poor planning by idiots who hijacked the plane.
If you want to get your mind off this story and you are driving across country stop at Mookie’s in Minden, NE. They make a farm fed, free of everything except grass feed, beef burgers that will refocus your mind and make life real again. I am driving east tonight toward Davenport, IA and today I enjoyed the best burger worth writing about. Thank you and have a great week.
Keep in mind the physics here. A plane traveling at .7 Mach disintegrates 5 miles above the Earth. The debris could be spread over hundreds, maybe thousands of square miles. That's like saying we need to find some debris somewhere in Texas... Not easy to find when you consider atmospheric winds, tidal movement, ocean movement and the shear size of the debris field... The fuel slick says nothing. You can find those in any major shipping lane in the world. The hope here is the black box. Where are they? They should be able to hone in on them immediately.
For god sake, I want know what's going on to the plan/accident, not the extreme close up shot of those grieving family members! If you reporters have a heart, give it a break, let the family member grieve and give them some space!
Heaven help us if this plane is never found. It would mean someone had a way of destroying planes in air and that can get dicey. Why did they allow Asian looking people, with passports that don't line up with their appearance, board the plane? America knows full well how the enemy is patient and one to two years is not to long for them to wait to attack.
The only explaination possible is catastrophic failure of the pilots cabin combined with decompression in the passenger cabin.
Which could be cause by a missile.
George@ You know nothing about catastrophic failures! It is the only explanation? Go back to drinking my boy!
Norm; How else can you account for the fact that no communication or signals were received from the plane? The pilots have an emergency button they can press which instantly broadcasts an alert. Also, to make a turn, they have to call and get an okay from ground controllers.
Malaysian Air will be going bankrupt soon....who's gonna want to fly with them again when their security is so lax? They better start selling cut throat promo tickets just like Carnival Cruises after the cruise turned into the toilet of the seas.
" 'I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces,' he was quoted as saying late on Sunday." The officials in question were probably trained in the US, up to our PC standards ingrained by ACLU lawsuits and Obama Administration policy guidelines, and were probably afraid of being accused of racist stereotyping.is they even questioned why an Austrian named Christian Kozel looked for all the world like a Muslim named Achmad bin Hussein el Said.
Ya, it was Obama's fault! Dude your pathetic!
it's interesting but honestly names do not always indicate the heritage/ethnicity of an individual. So the person holding the passport does have certain rights and expectations. To be called out because you look a certain way such as of Asian decent with an Italian name? There is no wrong or right truly because if you ask any person who has been detained because of how they look at airports they will tell you they feel violated. They may understand but the feeling is not pleasant. Then something like this happens and the fears that flame racism ignite all over again. And for one moment in time profiling is seen as necessary again. Such sad times.
something is just not right about the whole thing. no debris floating on the water. the plane made a turn to somewhere and no one was able to call in a distress call. there is something that they are not telling because they can't reveal everything. but i bet they know what basically happened. no plane just disappears out of no where without it being taken over. Plus having an important person from IBM on there. we may never know the real truth of this like other things they cover up. and with all the ships and aircraft out there looking you would think something would turn up and they would go investigate the thing they think is a door out to make sure.
what part of it blew up do you not understand?
Anything falling from that height would be nearly pulverized by gravitational pull.
let me repeat, WHAT PART OF KAPUT DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND?
"This incident happened more than two days ago, and we hope that the Malaysians can fully understand the urgency of China, especially of the family members, and can step up the speed of the investigation and increase efforts on search and rescue," Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang told reporters in Beijing. #$%$ china. Why don't you stop whinning and increase efforts yourself..
Caesars ghost has a point, how can no satellite from orbit find anything,? especially black boxes sending a signal, my phone can send a signal to be found, water would not hinder a black box signal so badly. glad they widened the search. boxes will turn up since all united now, despite boundaries of all kinds are to finding them. or any debris.
Just a thought or two... We should not yet rule out the posibility that the plane was hit by a meteorite...But as so far indicated by radars if the jet turned back... Its probably an act of terrorism... Also if any of those shady passport holders turn out to be from Saudi Arabia. Its time to melt their oil and blood soaked medieval sandpile into glass !
We just saw all the Olympians come together as one. Let's hope our governments can do the same and solve this tradgedy. Right now we have nothing but questions and we're searching for answers. Theories abound over the cause or causes of the disappearance of Flight MH370. Here's what we know as facts 1) 239 souls lost their lives and their families are grieving their losses. 2) an oil slick was spotted but no debris has been found to date. How can you help ( I'm Catholic) I'll pray to God that the Angels carried these poor souls to Paradise. And I'll pray that their loved ones and friends experience Comfort and Peace in the days,weeks and months to come. Then I'll pray for the recovery of any evidence that's left as soon as possible. People of whatever faith you might be - offer prayers in the same way. With multiple voices crying out our prayers will be heard and answered. There will be jobs lost and penalties handed out over the Security lapse - that will come in time. Right now let's just stand by these families and offer whatever help we can. May God comfort those affected and may those innocent souls be together in Paradise.May our governments work hand in hand and with God's help solve this tragic event.
What's a "tradgedy"?Oh,wait!I think i saw it in one of those late-night Infomercials.
I'm having a difficult time wrapping my mind around the idea that the plane disintegrated. For that to happen, it seems that the entire plane would have had to have blown up simultaneously. The whole length of the plane, plus the wings that stick out some 500 feet would have had to gone poof in one split second. If it was a mechanical problem or bomb, it seems more realistic that it would have started in one section of the plane and then broken apart. Disintegrated in mid-air makes so sense to me.
Lucy, At that height and speed (especially since they plane could have turned on a different heading) it can be VERY hard to find debris. All of the heavy parts will sink and if you think its easy to spot a seat cushion floating in the water at 1,000 feet, you're mistaken. The debris won't be concentrated in one area (which makes it MUCH easier to spot) so it's like trying to find a needle in the haystack. The ocean is HUGE and given that they don't know the exact heading of the aircraft AFTER things went wrong, one 5-10 degrees of deviation could put all that debris in a TOTALLY different area. That along with the ocean current, it could take days to find it. Hopefully they will because the longer it takes to find the debris, the longer it will take to find the Cockpit voice recorder and Flight Data Recorder.
if someone opened the door at 35000 ft the plane would probley brake up into many parts.
Lucy, at 35,000 feet at 600 miles per hour, it is not hard to image how a plane could disintegrate very rapidly
No it would just depressurize not blow up like in the movies.
Look up aerodynamic break-up. If a plane's structure is broken by a small blast at a critical point, the air that would normally be flowing across the skin of the aircraft can tear it into thousands of pieces in a few moments. In that scenario, it would have started in one section of the plane, then broken apart, but happened in a matter of a few seconds. Once they start finding anything that floats (maybe seats, for example), they'll be able to start determining the sequence of events.
I guess I still have TWA 800 in my mind as a reference point. I think it was at around 31,000 and there was plenty of debri.
The term 'disintegration' means that, for one reason or another, it broke apart. It doesn't mean that it shattered onto thousands of pieces. Just that it wasn't intact.
I still think that a debris field would still appear to some extent.
Lucy - TWA 800 was at 16,000 feet. Thomas - The doors can not be opened in flight. No matter what the movies show, it just can not happen. Really. It's impossible. Read the book "Cockpit Confidential". It can/will explain everything.
What's puzzling to me is the change in course without notifying anyone on the ground. Was the plane already experiencing trouble (no hydraulics,etc) ?
I'm going to throw out a theory only situation....since no debris has been found excluding something they think is a door, but it maybe nothing, I'm baffled because, worse case scenario and as heart breaking as this is for the families, a plane that explodes even at 35,000ft, is going to throw out something, life vest, rubber boats, fuel, metal. Remember the Challenger Shuttle years ago, it was 9 miles high, 45,000ft, and they found all kinds of debris. There is more to this story.....now theory only....what if, somehow, people aboard, somehow go to the #$%$-pit and disabled all communications, then told the captain to dive below the radar and met up somehow with a fuel tanker plane, refueled and the plane is somewhere else. Perhaps, I'm just being hopeful, but terrorist have been known to do what we think they are going to do. This is theory only. My deepest condolences go out to al the families who have been affected by this situation. But!! in reading comments, all I'm reading is about possible explosions and oil slicks 9 miles long. Perhaps I am hopeful for an outcome that no one has thought of yet. A plane can not just vaporize and disappear. We are talking about a 777 that weighs tons. Perhaps the plane did turn towards a different direction and has landed and we just haven't heard from the responsible people who are doing this. I mean, I am trying to use some logic and perhaps I am way off. But isn't it possible, somehow beyond our knowledge that someone over took the plane, dove down below the radar. And someone said they were receiving signals from the ELT Emergency Landing Transmitter. What happened to that situation. I am praying that this HUGE LARGE PLANE BE FOUND.
i said something to that extent earlier. something just doesn't make sense. i think they know more then what they are saying.
Commercial aircraft are not built for aerial refueling.
Another Stupid Comment. Grab a beer and go back to watching the WWE. Get on some type of medication.
Okay, Two Passports stolen at different time show up on the same flight? No Distress Call? Maybe it was something else, but I'm going with Terrorism till they find something else.
LOL 6th paragraph was that really needed? "Shares in Malaysia Airlines fell as much as 18 percent to a record low on Monday morning."
Will the "oil slicks" be analyzed to determine if is Jet A? The slicks appear rather localized, not dispersed, hence not a 35,000' msl "disintegration".
My only BIG question is, if these guys reported their passports stolen/lost reported 2 years ago, how is the he** did two people use them to buy tickets and board an aircraft! The number of the passports would have come up as stolen IF they were scanned at the airport. And they can't MAKE UP numbers as the numbers are reported through an international system. Makes no sense IF the passports were ever really checked in the slightest.
It was reported that this airline did not use the available database.
Not every third world country "scans" your passport when you enter... In the past couple of years I have visited six different countries and never been scanned or even had a stamp put on on my passport except when I left or returned to the US and had the immigration people do everything but a cavity search at the border of MY OWN COUNTRY! Not every country in the world has the "Big Brother" that we in the US have looking over our shoulders and keeping tabs on who we call on our cell phones and where and when we cross a border on vacation... BP
this clown above loves Muslims, can u tell? jajjaajjjja....Hey CC u lil clown... keep up the lies... U are hoping this was a terrorist attack...didn't even give condolences to the family, just jumped on that Zionist Jew bandwagon... =-) jajjaajajjajaa
A trip to the moon on gossamer wings?
it did not disintergrated at 35,000 feet.. because if it did there wouldnt be an oil slick, most of fuel or all would evaporate before it reaches the surface, .. plus there would be debris floating in the water, even small amounts... reminds me of the 9-11 crash no signs of plane of debris but a hole in the ground, no body parts, everything is burnt up or pulverized except for some I.D.'s.... yet a plane crashes on the runway in the same form and there are plane parts debris all over the place and body parts..
planes that crash on runways aren't going over 500 mph.
the one that was filmed did and it left debris and body parts.
Still, can a plane that size (carrying 200 plus people) just "disintegrate". I'm no scientists but I would feel there would at least be some debris..
Of course...disintegrated in mid air....mechanical glitch. It happens all the time. Who are these morons trying to kid? This is some lousy source who doesn't pick up on the foul play possibilities when two Asians board a plane with stolen passports belonging to Luigi and Gepetto. "Asked about the possibility of an explosion, such as a bomb, the source said there was no evidence yet of foul play and that the aircraft could have broken up due to mechanical causes."
Actually, bonehead. There was a politician in South America not long ago who spoke fluid Spanish and had been born there... but he was Japanese ethnicity / background and looked it. Names don't mean anything, bonehead, as to citizenship.
LOL. Well, to be fair, Boeing doesn't have the best track record as far as reliability goes. But hey, I hear GE is even worse.
D. You can't talk sense to those race radical nationalists. They're out of their skulls.
@John K, that plane was over 12 years old and must have been made out of outdated millitary material. If it was hijacked then there would be a distress signal or call.
And of course there is no proof of it breaking apart either, but yet they go with that story....
D. Why are you calling people names? Not necessary. My thoughts and prayers for the families of the passengers and crew.
Hay John, at least you're getting some exercise; jumping to conclusions.
I agree with John, Aluminum ( aircraft aluminum-at that) ,steel and titanium does NOT disintegrate EVER. Just like 2 planes can NOT bring down 2 buildings due to fire...
DISINTERGRATED!!!===??? So, whatever this was, that AIRLINER never knew what hit them... It is like it EVAPORATED into thin air... This was NO ACCIDENT by any means. I still think the BOMB was set to DETONATE when it started to CLIMB, and when it reached a certain ALTITUDE, PUFF/BOOM that was it.
Is it possible that it could have crashed into a remote part of Viet Nam?
The NSA can track out tiny cell phone location using GPS, but they can't track a Boeing 777? Something very strange about this. If I was a wacko, I would almost consider an alien abduction. At least in that situation, the people may still be alive. But I'm beginning to think of pilot suicide or terrorism or ???
I agree. Suicide or terrorism, both would have been likely done by islamists. Sad commentary..but true.
People keep posting that there would be debris, but that Air France flight took a long time to find the debris. Secondly, this plane would need to land somewhere if it didn't crash. It would be known. It's very unlikely that it hasn't crashed for whatever reason.
It is not a small jet, there is no way it can land somewhere without air control......and not crashing.. if it crashed, it may go to deep blue see where there may be some sort of high current to swallow everything. My theory is either that or it went to some dimension unknown and just disappear...
If it made a water landing in shallow water off some small remote island it would not be known, at least not right away. Air France debris was found 2 days after it crashed, that was mostly because of where it went down was pretty far from land. It also hit the water intact and did not generate much debris, they recovered the vertical stabilizer, a seat and a few other pieces of debris but that was it, the bulk of the wreckage wasn't found for years as it was submerge is some really deep water.
"There is no evidence to suggest an act of terror," said a European security source, who added that there was also "no explanation what's happened to it or where it is." That also means there is no evidence that it was not a terrorist attack.....except the plane when down so fast that they did not have time to get out a distress call, like when a bomb goes off
If this was a terrorist act, I cannot believe how these piles of #$%$ can just get on airplanes and take control or get their bombs on board, steal passports and still board, blah blah blah. Well if this was the act of asian terrorists, then yes we lost many many people that are now in heaven, but then thats 2 less terrorists here on earth, and 2 new guests in the walls of hell to pay their price until eternity.
that is the most ridiculous assumption i have ever heard. the aircraft may have disintegrated, but i can't vanish. this is starting to sound like the shanksville explanation.
Find the Black Box and you may find the cause. As to whether or not it was the activity of Terrorists in the Malaysian area the politically correct thing to day would be to delay any news of this nature...... A plane disappears, incredibly no radio communication, over water where detection would be almost impossible to find, is a perfect scenario....
no doubt, immigration should have checked the passports of these 2, not because they are asian, but because it is unlikely asians use Italian or Austian names, especially if they are male. In anycase, these two may have nothing to do with the missing plane, this could be an immigration racket to get people into Europe using stolen passports..... it's possilbe.
So, in order to view this tragic story, I have to view a stupid AD FIRST!!!??? Damn YOU! I feel the pain of the families affected and I am insulted by having a commercial thrown in my face in order to view the news of this tragedy. Shame, shame, shame.....on all involved.
It sounds more and more like something much worse happened than any of the searching governments care to admit. How many hours did it take for responders to 1st reach the scene? Is it possible a vessel or vessels were big enough and equipped enough to both shoot the liner down and quickly collect debris? Perhaps a protest to Russia. I wouldn't think this is possible, but when 11 different governments seem to be hiding something, and the media hounds the families instead of the Gov., I start to look for a lie or lies and begin to expect the unexpected.
Don't call me crazy, but is it possible the plane went up instead of down? Could a jet fly out of the atmosphere and just up and out? This is 2014, how can a plane disappear like this, if it went down there would be debris even in water. If it flew off to somewhere else, radar would've picked it up. Someone tell me why it's impossible that the plane went up and not down - I'm totally open to criticism, I'm not dumb I'm just throwing out ideas here.
It would not have gone off radar if it went up.
up where? into space? the earth has what's known as an "escape velocity" (or speed). It's how fast you have to go in order to escape the gravitational pull of the earth. without looking it up, it's something like 10 kilometers per second. Obviously, no airplane can get anywhere *close* to that speed. If you don't, and you try flying away from the earth, gravity will simply pull you back down.
shutt up and take my money
Jet engines require oxygen, and none up there that high.
The air gets thinner the higher you go. Jet engines use air to thrust. The higher the aircraft gets, is proportional to how much thrust the engines can produce. Also, the air pressure moving over the wings decreases the higher you go. It is impossible to fly over the radar.
or maybe the plane goes to the other planet like....mars?
As stated. Also the engines require a level of oxygen to run that is not available above 12 miles.
The plane went down in the area of the so called dragons triangle, which is on the other side of the world from the Bermuda devils triangle. There are speculations that unknown osmic science may have had been involved on this or, possibly Israeli MOSSAD at their tricks again trying to implicate Iran. We know very little about universal forces at play however, there has been several planes disappearing over the years at both devils and dragons triangles which the governments do not disclose to its subjects. One needs to keep an open mind for any possibility. A plane simply does not ceases to exist and, the Anglo/Sino alliance military have both radars and satellites which know precise position of everything and yet, for some odd reason they are mute. Its a conspiracy of some sort, time will tell. Meantime, keep raying for the passengers.
Now its a nightmare for me to jump on any airline, Next month i will take singapore airline from houston to singapore and then from singapore to vietnam to visit my family.
oh well, been nice knowing ya.....later
For decades we've been relying on this 'black box' concept as a 'tell-all, be-all' entity, concerning aircraft crash resolution. That's ridiculous for such a limited and archaic concept to be soley responsible for crash/catastrophe reporting. We have the technology for 'real-time,' online information transmission from plane to base. WHY DON'T WE USE IT??
that indeed, is the question and mystery of the century! (the other mystery is the "black box" which is actually orange in color)
Did NK dictator kim jong-un have anything to do with this resulting from China's RedLine Warning? Doubtful; wait for the facts. Something about the islamist knife murders at the Chinese train station is more in line with this tragedy. muslim/islamist cowards favor victimizing defensless people, esp Women, while the islamist males hold hands watching. They are so demonic. If this tragedy is an muslim/islamic action then may China Vindicate her citizens by Severly Dealing with the muslim/islamic murderers; Even if gov jerry brown hotly protests "political/ethnic unfairness" as he and his sacramento politicos often do.
If this was terrorism, why hasn't any terrorist group claimed responsibility? On the other hand, the 777 is suppose to be a very safe plane...how could it have disintegrated mid flight?
Hijacked, flown away below radar, passengers fate bleak, plane being loaded with nukes and fueled for trip to D.C.
Time to ease up on the crack pipe.
I wish we could stop already posting these photos of distraught people who are going through something very personal and tragic.
Agreed. The media should be ashamed of themselves.
One of those pictures might win a Pulitzer! Then, the media person would be a celeb to his peers!
I also Agree. We don't need pictures of distraught people so we can understand what is happening. Most of us have hearts and we know how to read and feel compassion for others going through very difficult times.
I agree. The situation makes me curious, but leaving the aggrieved to private mourning is just common sense (and good taste).
Pulitzers are overrated. Signed, A journalist
The pain in their eyes is palpable. I couldn't begin to imagine having a camera in my face during such a private moment. I completely agree with you, Thomas.
Why are there not any devices onboard that can monitor the location of the aircraft that cannot be turned off onboard? What is upsetting is it sounds this could have been avoided with verification of the passports. People neglecting to do their jobs may have cost more than a hundred people their lives.
"The travel agent in the resort of Pattaya said an Iranian business contact she knew only as "Mr. Ali" had asked her to book tickets for the two men on March 1. She had initially booked them on other airlines but those reservations expired and on March 6, Mr. Ali had asked her to book them again." Not in a hurry to meet the virgins, hah?
Security forces in a southern Indian port city have detained the crew of a US-owned vessel on charges of illegal transportation of weapons and ammunition. Eight crew members, as well as 25 security guards from India, Britain, Estonia and Ukraine on board were arrested after they failed to provide documents to the local police authorizing them to carry weapons, according to a statement by the Indian Foreign Minister, Sujata Singh. Two of the crew members were allowed to stay on board to conduct maintenance work. Security forces impounded 35 automatic weapons and nearly 5,700 rounds of ammunition that were found on board the ship. The charges brought against the crew members and security guards are the following: illegal possession of weapons and ammunition, as well as entering India's territorial waters without permission. “The crew and security guards are cooperating with the investigators,” the Foreign Minister indicated to AP. She also said that the information has already been shared with the US embassy in New Delhi. The American embassy said that they had no comment on the situation. The ship’s captain, in his turn, told police that his company provided armed escorts for merchant vessels going about their business in the Indian Ocean, which is notorious for the many pirates in its waters. The company that owns the vessel, US security company AdvanFort, stated that the ship would never have entered Indian waters, if the coast guard hadn’t approached them and asked them to follow him into the port. The vessel was detained on October 12, but the news was only revealed by the Indian authorities on Friday. Last week, a Venezuelan navy frigate detained an oil survey ship in waters contested by Venezuela and Guyana. The ship, used by the Texas-based Anadarko Petroleum Corp on approval by Guyuna, was on disputed Atlantic territory west of Essequibo River. Today's RT NEWS - more reliable than CNN who has been caught several times manufacturing fake news. You will never see this in MSN.
even if two, or four or even 20 terrorist were able to board the plane, still its meaningless unless they are armed with something, in this case, most likely bomb or bomb-making materials. So, the question is, how, whatever they used to bring down the plane, got in the plane? did they have support from the ground crew? did some one in the airport who has access to the plane helped them get these material on board? I can not immagin they were able to get it through security, regardless of how bad the security. This plane was not high-jacked. The pilot would have had time to say that. This plane exploded suddenly in midair by terrorists who either made the bomb quickly while the plane was flying, or somehow placed the bomb in their luggage and had to board the plane, otherwise, the plane would not fly if there is a luggage belongs to a passenger who failed to board. Here you have it ladies and gentlemen, I gave you the story before anyone else
Security is relative to where you are. Such as Asian faces with an Italian passport woukd have never got on board at an airport in Israel. And the USA is the, IMO, least likely to get bomb materials on board, or so it seems. Many other countries, not all of course, but many have no real security checks...
If it was terrorist, they could individually bring on innocent items then work together.
Believe it or not, there is even talk of using breast implants with a non-detectable explosive. Sad world.
And why Malaysian Airlines?. What is so exciting about Malaysia to pick it as a terrorist target.
I have a very hard time believing this was terrorists. Terrorists intend to make a violent scene, they usually claim responsibility right away, the want to do something that is going to make a point, and instill fear. It's a complete mystery as to what happened to this plane and that's pretty much the opposite of what terrorists are going for... it's either bizarre mechanical failure or something much more sinister than we can think about.
Yellowman, that is what terrorism is about, you don't know why or when. Keep in mind this has not been solved so we truly do not know.
@Under....Here in Asia, some airports don't even look....I won't name the ones, but you go thru the scanner carrying your bag, and that's it, they dont look inside, etc. They only say something if the scanner sounds an alarm. I flew out of Hong Kong last month, and I bet I could have had a row of dynamite around my belt and they wouldn't have known. But, also....in these Asian airports and security points, they show more trust in Americans than they do anyone else too. Is that some kind of stereotyping.????
@ MIke, You are right. It takes a very well thought out plan, and a lot of connections at the right place and the right time, and a very well execution to be able to pull a hijack. The 911 was easy because just about a year before that, I accidentally had a loaded pistol on my carry on luggage and it went through check point without being detected, not once but on both legs of the round trip. I didn't even realize that until days later when I opened the luggage at home. The whole world will have to find out what happened to this plane, because there is a possibility that terrorists may have found a way to make explosives that can't be detected by today's scanners. But then, terrorists may not need bombs or explosive to bring a plane down. At 30000 feet, all they need is to be able to unlatch a door, and the plane would lose pressure within seconds and would cause everybody on board to lose consciousness and the plane would crash.
talk about racial profiling."I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday." or is he just flat out a racist
How about this?....The plane's telemetry was shut down to avoid detection.....the plane was diverted to an unknown destination for unknown purposes by unknown perpetrators. This may be far fetched, but it would give a ray of hope that the passengers and crew are some where on the ground and safe. Just an idea and hoping for the best for all concerned.
Telemetry can shut down and stop transmitting data from the plane, but they cannot eliminate a Radar signature unless the descend to low altitudes, like under 500 ft. The plane would be able to be tracked while it descended.
@Sam: I though of that myself, it could have been a pilot who turned off its telemetries. But, there are so many speculations, that one cannot be sure of anything until the black box is found.
Radar, as far as I know, is basically 'line of sight'....The plane my have been in an area radar didn't cover...??.
Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi: "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. That's the problem, stupid official with a stupid comment. Does he mean that there is no Italians or Austrians of Asian decent? do they have to be white? Race or ethnicity have no relation to citizenship. We have Asian Americans, African Americans, Indian Americans, Arab Americans, Mexican Americans, Latin Americans .........and so on, not every one is ANGLO or WHITE. Stupid stupid stupid.....too sad.
search "canadian defense minister Paul Hellyer ufo". That's right - you want a high government official from a G8 country to confirm that UFOs are real, search Paul Hellyer. This flight had a similar encounter with JAL flight 1628, but turned out worst. JAL 1628 was confirmed authentic by FAA with the UFO caught on both military and civilian radar for more than 30 minutes. Disintegrating all particles of an entire aircraft is impossible even with a big suitcase of C4s. A Nuke - maybe, but we know no nukes were fired, because that would have alerted all government agencies. This was a UFO encounter and abduction. There is a cover up. US satellites can see everything around the world, and there was no trace of this aircraft. Believe it. Search Phil Schneider, he was killed for telling the truth.
Italian and Austrian but with Asian Faces?!? pure raciscm.
Until the civilized world unites against extremist Muslims things like this will happen. Every country on this earth that allows these Al-Quaida and affiliates to train and exist within their borders are complicit in these crimes.
A whine based on a Hussein worshipping Muslim named Vince..........
The statement is assuming that terrorists with stolen passports blew up the plane. I think that's what happened, it has already been claimed by a extremist muslim terror group so.............. Vince?
First of all nothing can be confirmed and there are so many theories and speculations of what has happen....I really do pray for the families and friends of all who were passengers and all above the plane. I hope that soon there will be news on what really happened but as I read the report above I find very upsetting the part where it quotes Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi " That the stolen passports were European and Asian appearance, and criticized border officials." I think security was very over seen but its very hard to make assumptions that a passport is fake or stolen because the nationality does not match the name...My daughter looks Vietnamese, almost 95% full Asian looking and her name is Hispanic but she does have her father Asian last name but in any case I could have left my last name which is Spaniard and if they question her if she presents documents needed, I would think it would be kinda be discriminating...I would not care because I rather them discriminate and be safe but im just saying people would complain or feel discriminated if they provided all documents needed and still questioned because of appearance.... this is the least of the problem about the malasian plane missing but its just a response I had to the quote in the report above.....so my point is can u blame the border official? not really....Asian appearance with Italian or European passports.. it could be....could look Asian but father or mother is from Europe or Italian last name and blah blah blah
HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX!
Irresponsible article of nothing but speculation.
Apparently the two tickets purchased for the stolen passports were paid for by an iranian. Now, we know what happened, and which Shia dog terrorist sponsoring state was responsible.
You are so F'ing stupid it is beyond belief. You must be Hasbara, what a Putz.
How shocking, the dumbest poster around wants to defend Persian Shia dog terrorists. I figured you as a hard core enemy of the US. And what is hasbra - Is that like Hasbro, the toy company?
Louisa, your ignorance is astounding. Who the hell uses language like Persian Shia Dog terrorists. Only a Putz would. Now go play with your schmeckle.
Americans who hate shia hezbollah and Shia Iranians. You are obviously not American, and have a very strong affinity for our enemies. In addition to being incredibly stupid. I have to ask - was your mother never told that drinking hard liquor during pregnacy is generally not considered a good idea?
Louisa, I am an American, a thinking one. Its Morons like you who are the enemy of this nation. You are either an Evangelical nutcase or Zionist extremist nutbar, no one else would post as foolishly as you. I bet you cheered the illegal war in Iraq. You must cream your jeans when Israel Clusterbombs Gaza and Lebanon. I won't resort to mother insults although I will say you are one dumb Fother Mucker.
the stolen passports and suspicious activity add more drama and better news. dont believe the hype. stolen or not, it doesnt mean those two people got on an airplane with a bomb. i dont buy it. if there is no debris field, i'd say it didnt break up in the air but plummeted straight down into the water. if clothing from the suitcases were falling from 35k feet up, dont you think there would be some clothing on top of the water? im thinking the plane went straight into a nose dive into the water and took everything in it down to the bottom. sure, the plane will break up once it hits water, i get it. i just dont see that there would be no debris field if the plane broke up mid air. its sad nonetheless.
if it did, then there would have been one hell of an explosion. plus......wheres the stuff that would have also been effected by it, you know the surroundings?
I feel like: 1. Somewhere over the water they had some kind of a partial mechanical failure that wiped out the communications board 2. They were able to dump fuel to attempt a landing which explains the oil in the water 3. They then Turned back to attempt to land on land but by then 4. They were in a complete hydraulic failure, which meant they had no power and crashed into the water. with no visibility overnight and therefore no rescue, any debris would sink. These planes rely on very delicate mechanical and electronic systems. Any fluke can result in a disaster.
What about cell phones? No this plane just blew up. No warning nothing. At 35,000 feet you would not have time to scream.
I feel like this is what happened too.. they need to keep eye out for life boats....
"Disintegrated"? It may have been abducted by space aliens, too. Time to disregard all news reports . . . er . . . news WAGs until they find the wreckage and are able to draw some conclusions based upon evidence. Could take weeks or months.
Anybody can have an Asian face, even if they have an Italian, German, American, etc. passport. The dope who doesn't understand that is just stupid. Which is why these people got through in the first place...?
Just look for where a heavy concentration of sharks are then you will find the Chinese chum field they are dining on.
Ok im not being naive here, how does a dreamliner completley disintigrate? Obviously where people are looking the plane is not. If the plane was hijacked it was probably taken off route. Maybe the jungle area? Or possibly the entire plane got sucked into a water tornado. This sounds like a good time for the u.s to test out a fleet of surveillance drones and help out. Sad situation but if the plane isnt at the bottom of the ocean im sure the people are in the jungle waiting for help or the plane is somewhere else entirely with a inside terrorist job. God speed to the recovery of plane and people.
Tail breaks apart...wing...what ever....goes into a violent tumble where no one can get their hands on anything....35,000 feet.......the entire plane is ripped apart in seconds......
Dreamliners catch fire. This was a 777.
Illegal immigrants with stolen passports and the need for proper identification? Seems like an excellent reason for the U.S. to better secure her borders and have valid identification (e.g., for entry into the country, for voting... etc.).
Maybe you should fly more often. Our Airports have very tight security and illegals don't get here by planes.
As I had stated on a previous article concerning this story.KUALA LUMPUR/PHU QUOC ISLAND, Vietnam (Reuters) - Officials investigating the disappearance of a Malaysia Airlines jetliner with 239 people on board suspect it may have disintegrated in mid-flight.... International police agency Interpol confirmed that two passengers on the flight had used stolen Austrian and Italian passports, raising suspicions of foul play. This plane was blown out of the sky and this is a huge cover up.....China the same down throwing down a red line on North Korea, which has never happened before. Something happened that China was pressured into this type of of world statement! You never know.
there is something seriously wrong with you degenerates. I don't know exactly what it is but I do know that it is a serious sickness.
"China and the United States have sent ships to help, and Washington has also deployed a maritime surveillance plane." We need submarines here.
There were Chinese on that plane! islamists have now figured out how to hit Chinese outside the fence. They are afraid of Chinese justice, getting caught inside the fence. China, this is your ‘World Trade Center’ bombing . Next comes your September 11th attack! What is the symbolic ’World Trade Center’ of China? That is where you can expect the islamists to strike next! BTW, putin is the general of this whole maneuver, and obama has be commanded not to intervene! China’s two-million-man military is now rendered useless, since they don’t know who the real enemy is, and don’t know where the real enemy is, therefore, how to respond! This is like a three-man chess game, and two of the demons have already decided to double-team on one player and take them out of the game. In a sole-survivor game, every strategy is evil, because the objective is not to defeat the others, or win, but to destroy the others, and then you don’t “win”; you are simply the last man standing in a wasteland battleground!! What then putin, obama, xi?
What the hell is this non-sense, are you on drugs
I can't see the terrorist angle yet. First of all, 40 million passports stolen. People use stolen passports all the time. Secondly, terrorists take credit. So far, nobody is taking credit. Thirdly, the people using the stolen passports were Asian. I don't follow South Eastern politics. I know there are Asian extremist, but this doesn't see like their M.O. Not that I would know what their M.O. is. It just doesn't add up. Could be just a couple of Chinese looking for a way to travel and they are as unlucky as everyone else on that plane. I know one thing for sure, the Airline and Boeing would be pulling for the terrorist story to stick. The terror angle is better than getting scrutinized about your quality control and workmanship.
OK EVERYONE - LISTEN UP - This plane flew into a "special area" much like the Bermuda Triangle. The plane is actually in another place and time. We may never make contact. My most accurate prediction is that the plane is 50,000 years in the past and flying anound a "clean" earth - and probably has landed. No worries, they have men and women on the plane and can "repopulate the world" much like Noah's ark.
Smoked a lot of crack lately, elvis?
This is the same story like the plane that disappeared by South America a few years back, and later they found it under sea, and no body parts were found, because the sharks had a feast. My question is:, how come we can find people through GPS on the cell phone, or LoJack in your automobile, so what happened to the technology on planes?, oh wait, I know!, they invested on the tight seats inside..........
Muslims boarded that plane using Austrian, Italian passports, and it's just a coincidence the plane vanished without a trace, mayday call, but we're jumping to conclusions calling this terrorism....you know what, pleeze!
At 35,000 feet traveling at a high rate of speed, nothing will be left after an explosion or disintegration. The remote chance of finding anything could take years and that would be if the finder can even guess what they have. The truth here is that the people are dead. Another truth is that passport regulation is embarassingly poor. Another truth is that monitoring flights by black box is antiquated. we have technology to do much better. We monitor the street intersection by my house with those cameras flashing constantly at night at seizure risk levels..policing for people running red lights. Yet we are in the dark still with airliners. We all could use some therapy for grief issues and reality checks.
We need wifi capability on planes at all times the passengers could have texted i
You mean like Lockerbie? No airplane pieces?
Even at that altitude and the normal speed for commercial air line flights there would still be debris. It's just a matter of finding the right location, if it was blown up/destroyed, and not crashed or flown to another area.
using common sense? 'austrian and italian passengers but with asian faces' sounds like somebody finally decided to profile. would have saved us a lot of trouble. less need to strip american citizens of their rights when you do it that way.
It is obvious people the aircraft was abducted by an alien space ship from another planet!
Concerning the missing Malaysian plane and considering the information being provided, plane disappears with out any distress call, there is no debris, no evidence of even a single person and there are at least 2 questionable passengers??? Now thinking of the fact that the aircraft has gps, probably 80% of the passengers have phone or tablets or computers that have gps, do you find it just a little unbelievable that someone does not know within a few feet where that plane is. I suspect there is a major international incident at had hear the the governments of the world are trying to trouble shoot it. One unrelated comment.... Don't you just hanker to get on this system so you can read the next costick. sarcastic comment from some jerk. You know, there is only one group of people who cannot ever be wrong, that is those who do nothing. Apparently the Democrats are not only wrong, but very active and effective. Good for them! Must be the other group who are always right - ergo.. do nothing.
To Jacee; You are correct. Thank You
Oh, wow, this quote: "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces." Yeah, how often do meet an Asian guy named Luigi Maraldi or Christian Kozel?
They don't even know WHERE the aircraft is. How can there be 'evidence'?
Even the strongest non-nuclear bomb will have fragments. And if the plane was nuked, governments around the region would already have known about it. There was no bomb, no crash, no evidence. They have encountered a UFO just like JAL flight 1628, which was confirmed authentic by the FAA. The UFO abducted these passengers and took them under-ground in Dulce, New Mexico for alien experimentation. It was in Dulce where the US military fought alien grays, as told by Phil Schneider, who himself was assassinated after he told the truth. Phil lost a couple of fingers due to this fight. The History2 channel just had a documentary dedicated to Phil Schneider, who told the truth and died for it. Search 'JAL Flight 1628' on Yahoo, and search 'Phil Schneider' on Youtube.
All this talk about the plane may have disintegrated seems really suspicious. A plane can't just disappear off a radar if people are doing their air traffic control jobs correctly. Bodies and some pieces of the plane would be coming to the surface in the water because they become buoyant. "Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday." There are some pretty stupid people out there in this world. You would think that would have been a red flag to them when someone hands them an Italian or Austrian passport and they're faces are of Asian descent. Stupid, stupid, stupid.
Hey Katherine... you don't understand why bodies float, do ya?
I'm Chinese-American.. I was born in the United States. Therefore I have an American passport. Does that make me stupid? They could have tampered with the passports by putting their photos in..
Civil aviation relies on transponders, not radar proper. Transponders send an identifying signal from the airliner to the ground control station. It is not a radar return signal.
I also have a South African passport and I am also Chinese, your comments should be re-evaluated or are you been racist that is why you have this comment.
Katherine, you may or may not be stupid (signs point to yes), but in this case the stupid people checking passports were stupid Malaysians rather than stupid Chinese. Hope that helps.
Sophia, you are probably stupid, notwithstanding the stereotypes about ABCs. Hope that helps explain things.
Timothy: I'm 13 years olds.. of course I don't understand everything what there is to know but you just seem very ignorant. I get judged everyday because I'm an ABC..
A bomb brought on board by terrorists is the most likely scenario. So let's assume that a bomb exploded on board the aircraft at 35,000 feet, but it wasn't strong enough to down the aircraft. So as the cockpit crew were fighting to stabilize the aircraft and turn around (radar showed it rapidly lost altitude and began a turn), a second bomb exploded that literally disintegrated the aircraft in flight. However, there is also another possibility. Radar showed that the Malaysian plane rapidly dropped altitude while attempting to turn around ... almost as if it were trying to avoid a locked-on missile track. If so, it may have been a North Korean missile that veered off course. In fact, they almost hit a Chinese passenger plane a week ago with an unannounced launch that veered a thousand miles off course. Still, whatever it was happened so suddenly and unexpectedly and with such force that it dropped that plane (a Boeing 777) out of the sky before the crew had a chance to send a radio message .... which rules out the possibility of a water landing because the crew would have had time to radio for help. So whatever happened on board the aircraft was sufficient to destroy it in midair and spread what little debris remained over a thousand miles of ocean.
Citizen Patriot please put the crack pipe down and stop drinking the paranoia Kool Aide!
How the heck would a North Korean missile be randomly flying around 2000 miles south of North Korea? I don't even think the USA has surface-to-air missiles that are that good.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," -I guess that they don't have Asian Europeans.
2 bought tickets from Thailand... probably they are pimps and had HIV and travelling Europe to get free medical treatment for their disease by using bought passports but declared stolen or missing..!!!
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," Outlaw global profiling.
I find it strange that one hour after the disappearance of this plane authorities find out that two passengers had stolen passports. If they knew within that short period on time after the plane went missing, why were these people even allowed to board the plane?
OK, has anyone thought about this posibility. A government cover-up of the third kind, "that's right", the posibility that our government and others were involved in an exchange of people with aliens, yeah that's what I'm talking about UFO's. OK I know it sounds crazy, but we have heard so many stories about people that have been abducted by UFO's, but what if our government's are envolved in such a scheme? And if they are, what are they exchanging humans for? OK, now this is getting deep and yeah it does sound crazy, but what "IF"?
The passport thing is the government created red herring
Terrorism doesn't work unless you take credit for it. If it was terrorism, they would have gloated about it by now.
I thought airplanes had tracking devices, black boxes or whatever. Why can't they find it that way?
Ok, wiki says "They are designed to emit an underwater locator beacon for up to 30 days and can operate immersed to a depth of up to 6,000 meters (20,000 ft)." So I guess if the ocean is deeper there, then it wouldn't work. Too bad they couldn't design them to float.
You have to be within a certain range to hear the ultrasonic ping. ( Assuming it is working correctly). it took 3 years to find the Air France flight recorder in the Atlantic.
Better yet, what happened with the cell phone of the passenger that was ringing with no answer? Did they zero in on that or did he simply lose it before the flight?
I think read that the waters there are relatively shallow - 1/2 mile or so deep. But if the plane broke in mid air it could be 100's of miles away -perhaps in deeper waters. And if they do pick up the signal - they still have to search the ocean floor to find it.
I read yesterday that a lot of Asian airplane lines don't have those black boxes at all, so maybe that is why I haven't heard mention of it? Then again, I haven't been following this super closely. I hadn't heard about the cell phones ringing. I just did a search on that, and it said it wasn't just one phone, it was many, and the families have started a petition for answers. That is bizarre.
Malaysia's state news agency quoted Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," ...wouldn't that be racial profiling? Can't have it both ways people.
"We have stopped men with false or stolen passports and carrying explosives, who have tried to get past KLIA (airport) security and get on to a plane," he said. Now, Don't look at us for info! We just sell them those explosive belts. Satan & Co. a lead distributer of explosive belts and body bags. A proud business subsidiary of Allah U Great (Akbar). Bloody business is our Trademark!
I think they were abducted by aliens. Hey, it's just as good as anyone else has.
This is a very strange incident. We may never know what happened.
Oh Mike, please kill yourself today.
I wish the media stooges would leave the families alone to grieve instead of hounding them just to get a headline.
Me too, Ralph. It is disgusting.
how much c4 can you shove up your keester? many smugglers have been caught with up to a kilo of cocaine in their a n u s e s. two stolen passports could easily equal 4 1/2 pounds of c4. now they are investigating other possible passport anomalies. 6 jerk offs could keester up to 15 pounds of c4. do you think 15 pounds of c4, standing directly over the wings could cause a 777 to disintegrate in mid air??? just asking.
Under water checking, he'? Now go and do the real work like checking countries with certain hide-out places/counties with dense forests, mountains with thick plantations or even gigantic caves. I do not believe their claim regarding the two false passports. Unless one considers that the "pilots" who probable are terrorists were themselves the owners of these two passports. The theory that this Boeing 777 at a height of 35,000 ft, could be merely disintegrated, must be a theory based off a grown man's over-indulgence in sci fi computer games and or war comics.
Muslims sabotaged the plane? How could that be? Isn't Islam a religion of peace, as proclaimed by George W Bush a day after 9/11?
Pretty sad. I find it difficult in today's day and technology that a huge plane like the 777 can just "go missing." Conspiracy theorists rejoice. It's got to be somewhere. Someone knows something and I feel bad for the families of the people on board.
I haven't read all these banal comments yet so if I think I'm first here. My analysis of all the variables, including input from all government agencies leads to the ineluctable conclusion that this unfortunate plane has been captured in a time warp and is now forever hidden in a parallel universe.
They have it on YouTube where the American soldiers found an ancient time machine in the side of an mountain in Afghanistan and they tried to dislodge it and disappeared never to be seen again.
Yes, YouTube is a most reliable source.
Chinese are disgusting, they do not care about burning up all the worlds resources or polluting the earth, they do not care about killing endangered species as long as they get their stupid potions,they steal other countries like Tibet, they are trying to steal the entire China Sea, they steal and copy USA technology, they make loud smacking noises when they eat, spit everywhere, wipe boogers everywhere, even urinate and defecate on the streets.
Conscious, you have not seen the new generation...There are many obese lazy Chinese...I see those fat little kids being hand fed, even though they are already 10 years old..and all they do is play video games. These are not the bike riding Chinese of the 80's.
So then, I guess you have not seen all the lazy fat kids? You can see them in any mall restaurant on a Saturday afternoon.
Commercial flight black boxes should be made to not only record, but continually broadcast to corresponding 'boxes' along the flight route from takeoff to touchdown.
Total electrical and engine failure at 35,000 (No distress signal) Plane makes a water landing, doors don't pop open, water inundates teh plane and plane is intact at the bottom of the ocean. (no debris field) Sully Sullenberg proved this is possible with his Hudson River landing from 3,500 feet.
There was also the Ethiopian airliner that did that water landing just off the Comoros islands following a hijacking and running out of fuel. It didn't do so well but mainly because the pilot didn't come in level. There's video of it, most people survived, lucky for them they crashed just off the beach with some vacationing French doctors at hand and many boats to bring the victims ashore.
Flight 93 proved that a airliner could return to earth w/o leaving any sign or debris.
They keep saying they lost all communications with the plane..it went off the radar...just wondering if anyone checked out the receiving end on the control towers..make sure all the equipment on the ground was working properly and nothing going on there and nothing suspicious at air traffic control.
Data at ATC is automated and saved! Doesn't depend on human observer!
This jet must have crashed in Benghazi since no one seems able to find out what went wrong...
Or perhaps it crashed at one of the many embassies in which nearly 60 embassy staff were murdered while Dubya was president.
This is really tragic. It's hard to believe no trace has been found. Looks to me as if they were hit by a drone or a missal. It's impossible, at this point in time nothing has been found except for the "door" sighting. If the plane were returning there would have been radio contact. This is no accident. That plane was brought down.
or it could have been hit by a 'missile'
Given the different political tensions in that area, any missile launch likely would have been detected by at least one of the militaries in the area (and likely several). In addition, apparently US military satellites did not pick up any explosion in the area, which they would have if it had been hit by a missile.
We spend hundreds of billions of dollars each and every year at our airports and other facilities to keep us safe from Muslims who make up less than 1% of the population.
Would it have been possible,with complicity from the one or more of the flight crew, to disable the transmitters, drop to a low altitude, and simply steal the plane (worth millions) and all of the passengers and crew as potential hostages to ransom? Modern day air pirates, if you will. I'm not an aeronautical engineer; I just want to know if this scenario would even be possible. Anybody know?
Maybe they need to look for someplace that hijackers could have landed since no explosions in the area were recorded on satellite imagery.
No debris, no oil slicks, no explosion detected by any satellite, and no signals from black boxes. The Gulf of Thailand's maximum depth is about 80 metres with a mean depth of 45 metres. And more than 100 aircrafts and ships are searching the area with nothing found so far.
Malaysia has found no evidence of the plane, either. My bet is they are looking thousands of miles in the wrong direction.
I believe a large alien ship from planet 69 abducted the aircraft for cross breeding experiments or maybe the plane climbed to high and now they are in orbit or they they could of got into a very fast jetstream that propelled them to the past or future.
Disintegrated my #$%$; metal inside the atmosphere doesn't disintegrate. They will find it.
Ok, so if I stand on One side of a swimming pool and throw a cellphone over the water only to have the phone blow up 50% of the way between where Im standing and the land on the other side of the pool, and all that can be seen is discolored water from leaked batteryacid. (Can't really see it but for sake of argument. ) What happened to the rest of the phone? That battery acid is from another another electronic component, because the phone didn't land in the water in that spot. It only looks like it should have. Somebody hit it and knocked it into the neighbors pool.
Are you saying somebody threw the plane? Don't be silly. A plane is a LOT bigger than a phone. Even a little Piper Cub is too big to throw. Do some research!
NO! Not literally. If you see the logic, Im saying they are not looking in the right place.
Why would they even be looking for a phone?
Theodore really? are you serious or u r just playing dumb?
Read the article, Abigael. It was a PLANE, not a phone.
I think He trying to give example. stop insulting people
Read the damn article! It was a plane. It was NOT A PHONE! How could you throw a phone from Malaysia to China?
Hi Marizza, yeah, agree. Lot's of dumb replies from people who just don't get it.
Hey Theodore....Read this mornings news. Turns out, I was right.
The oil slick wasn't from the plane.
And why shouldn't they be looking for a cellphone. Passengers had them. Any recovery is helpful.
Are you saying a thrown cell phone brought the plane down? Yeah, maybe someone threw his cell phone and hit the pilot on the head. Yeah, right. DO A LITTLE RESEARCH!
sorry can't buy it. If a jet liner broke up at 35,000 ft. there would be a debris field miles wide because there is a lot of material that floats in a commercial airliner.
But what if it was a massive explosion
There would be a debris field close to 50 miles long, and maybe 1 mile wide. But a pillow sized piece of debris isn't very easy to see in a big #$%$ ocean. And they've had heavy rains there for the past 5 days... that means choppy seas.
The Gulf of Thailand has a mean depth of 45 metres, and a maximum of 80 metres. If the jet crashed, they should have found debris by now.
Depth of the water won't make any difference to debris floating on the water but with such shallow depths they should be getting a ping from the black boxes.
"You are traveling through another dimension, a dimension not only of sight and sound but of mind. A journey into a wondrous land of imagination. Next stop, the Twilight Zone!"
"The disappearance of a Malaysian airliner about an hour into a flight to Beijing is an "unprecedented mystery"" Nothing unprecedented about it. More than one plane, ship etc... has 'disappeared' and not been found for many years. It's a big ocean.
"The United States extensively reviewed imagery taken by American spy satellites for evidence of a mid-air explosion, but saw none, a U.S. government source said. The source described U.S. satellite coverage of the region as thorough." spying on the S China sea eh?
FYI...the U.S. has a constant feed of aerial footage of most of the globe. That's the benefit of Satellite imagery.
no evidence yet of foul play and that the aircraft could have broken up due to mechanical causes. "The fact that we are unable to find any debris so far appears to indicate that the aircraft is likely to have disintegrated at around 35,000 feet," said the source. And 777-200 of this vintage and model are still considered airworthy ?? Wonder on what and how this determination has been made ???
If a wing surface falls off, loss of control is abrupt!
They're probably dealing with polar bears and smoke monsters about right now.
Maybe the oxygen failed, everyone passed out, the pilot slumped across the steering controls causing a U-turn, and then it plummeted into the ocean...
If the plane went into the sea intact, there would be a large and concentrated debris field.
Is it possible that the plane went into the sea intact but compromised, allowing water to enter and causing the plane to sink to the bottom before breaking apart?
Doppler? "Intact" would pretty much indicate a LACK of debris...
The terrorism theory doesn't seem to really pass the "smell" test. Usually (not always), but usually terrorists want you to know they did it and why. If I was to take a wild stab at what happened, I would guess that there was a catastrophic loss of cabin pressure. You could lose consciousness in seconds at that altitude. What a horrible tragedy. Where are the black boxes? They are supposed to put out a signal telling you exactly where they are...
Lance, you said EXACTLY what I was thinking :) A terrible tragedy, but the terrorist theory isn't making sense.
and what would cause a catastophic loss of cabin pressure.....?? *boom*......
Lance, I think you might just have it, here.
I was about to say that, If it was a terrorist attack what purpose was it to just blow up a random plane with random people in the middle of nowhere with no statement?
The muslims who attacked and killed 29 and injured 143 in the railways station in Kunming did not immediately claim their actions either. It is like they want to play with us and have us figure it out. It is a game to them.
i the plane "blew up" 35k feet up, then i'd suspect alot of clothing all over the ocean. my shirt isnt going to sink. its going to stay afloat. that plane nosedived straight into the water. if the plane blew up, why is there a field of fuel? wouldnt it spray all over with the wind carrying it?
maybe this will be another instance, second in the worlds lifetime only to 9/11, of the black box, that's made to withstand anything, disappearing off the face of the earth,
@Long Duck #$%$ (awesome name BTW), your shirt may float, but at that altitude and speed it could be floating 1000 miles from where the plane exploded. give it time. They will start finding stuff... No yanky my wanky, the #$%$er wants food!!!
I thought at this day and age there are satellites videotaping every inch of the Earth at all times.
The U.S. ought to put its spy satellites to work looking for plane where one wouldn't expect to find it.
“This was not a terrorist attack, but a spontaneous demonstration over an inflight video that showed ankle.” – Susan Rice being sent out after they learn the 2 passport stealers were Muslim and members of an Al Qaeda affiliate who they’d been warned about
I'm starting to come around to the aliens from outer space theory...
You know where they should start looking? At other airports, preferably in the Middle East. If after 3 days of searching and it's hasn't been found in the water, maybe in was hijacked and flown to some terrorist country..
Strange case. I guess technology isn't fool proof. Maybe this is wishful thinking, but I hope this plane simply got 'stolen' in route and has safely landed somewhere. Maybe there are benevolent hijackers? I know, wishful thinking.
In the absence of a better explaination, how about this one: Some country, known to have had high powered directed energy weapons aboard satellites for years, and who might have an axe to grind with China, blasted the airplane from space, leaving no trace ot trail of evidence?
Starfleet would call this a violation of the Prime Directive. We do NOT give first world toys to 3rd word nations
They've been abducted by aliens. Illegal aliens
So let me see if i understand security rules correctly with flying. You cant bring a bottle of water, you cant keep your shoes on. But you can use a stolen passport.
Foreign country, supposedly their security isn't up to the standards of ours.
UFO's which always have close run ins with airliners is a possibility. These critters are notorious in their near collision with planes. This might explain the total disintegration without being track by radars. Even a debris can be spotted by radars once it exploded
An alien craft beamed it up.
Stolen Passports do not kill not even if you are hit 100times with it. If they truly believed its a bomb how was it smuggled on an international flight in todays post 9/11 world. That should be more scary than someone travelling on a stolen passport who may innocently be trying his fate as an illegal immigrant in Europe!
Outside of the use of a new type of weapon, There is no-way an aircraft this size can disintegrate without so much as a trace. Grandfather was chief mechanic for republic airlines for 28yrs before his retirement when they were bought out. Someone is testing a new type of weapon and missed what they were aiming at.
"he Malaysian constitution guarantees freedom of religion while making Islam the state religion.[189] According to the Population and Housing Census 2010 figures, ethnicity and religious beliefs correlate highly. Approximately 61.3% of the population practice Islam, 19.8% practice Buddhism, 9.2% Christianity, 6.3% Hinduism and 1.3% practice Confucianism, Taoism and other traditional Chinese religions. 0.7% declared no religion and the remaining 1.4% practised other religions or did not provide any information.[7] Sunnis form the majority with non-denominational Muslims being the second largest group of Muslims at 18%.[190]" - wiki
My guess would be that the plane originates from a Muslim country and Don can't figure out why the rest of the world doesn't care with him? That would be my guess.
When i went to England they didn't even ask to see my passport. I'm sure it happens in every country at some point.
Stolen passports don't necessarily indicate terrorism people. Lets not jump the gun and go off on the deep end. Not being in the aircraft industry I just don't comprehend how there is absolutely no debris of any kind regardless of how high the plane was when it blew apart. It would seem life jackets and other light items would still be floating. I am hanging on to the slim hope it was highjacked and it's whereabouts not being told by the highjackers. Far fetched I know but at least then there is hope.
Another Bermuda Triangle in Asia? Or the plane went to another dimension like Twilightzone or something?
An alien space craft beamed them aboard.
Folks could we be staring at a new unprecedented level of terrorism? when osama flew passenger jets using suicide pilots nobody had ever thought about it. Terrorists will invent absolutely high tech schemes to destroy lives. Aviation authorities you must begin to anticipate all manner of scenarios. like ajetliner disappearing in thin air and nobody can crack it so far!
Unprecedented mystery? Person with stolen passport somehow gets bomb on plane. When in the air, person detonates bomb. Plane explodes and falls out of the sky, "disappearing" from radar. Explosion instantly renders pilots unconcious or dead, preventing them from communicating a "Mayday". Pieces of plane land in ocean and sink. Mystery solved. You're welcome. Don't let the "we're desperate for ratings" media pump this up into any more than it is.
Life jackets and seats float most things on planes are designed to float
Pilot has to be involved which rules out terrorism if it's gonna be repeated I think pilot suicide
Maybe the plane was hijacked and the hijackers dropped below radar and dumped fuel to make it look like a crash and flew the aircraft below radar to wherever their terrorist group is. Imagine having a 777 to use as a weapon at a later date?
I don't think they are creative like that...
Oil slick is on a highly traveled area by boats I think they almost are ruling it out from being from that plane if the plane was in tact the could ping a signal off of it
"The United States extensively reviewed imagery taken by American spy satellites for evidence of a mid-air explosion, but saw none, a U.S. government source said. The source described U.S. satellite coverage of the region as thorough" So if they have this "thorough' footage, why can't anyone tell us what happened to the plane?
Because "thorough" doesn't mean absolute. Spy satellites are "tasked" to look at certain things of national security interest. I doubt this plane was a tasked target.
Italian and Austrian names, but Asian faces, that is profiling. Sad situation, sad world.
I still think we should consider the Chinese Military scenario.
A 777 doesn't up and disappear like a fart in the wind. These idiots don't have a clue.
There are a lot of possible reasons for the crash but I am not hearing much about the crew. Were they Muslims? There have been at least two cases of an intentional crashing of a passenger plane, by a pilot in the name of Allah.
How do you LOSE a jetliner? where does it go? It can't simply evaporate, It's not as if it's a dish of rubbing alcohol.
Some of you may recall recent articles that discuss the fact that pilots and flight crews who travel near Japan and through the atmospheric radiation resulting from emissions due to the (on-going) meltdowns at the Fukushima Nuclear Reactors have begun fainting and losing consciousness during flights. Governments will not be able to cover up the "fallout" from this on-going disaster much longer. It is possible that this tragedy is also a result of the massive radiation flight crews are now exposed to and that the pilot lost consciousness or at the least became incoherent and the result was the plane dove into the ocean. That is the most likely scenario at this point. (In my opinion.)
Your geography is way off.....I know some Americans think that Iraq is just next to Mexico........
Except the flight route goes no where near Japan.
The fall out is all ready spread around the WORLD in the air! No filtration I wish their was a way to catch it. Like in Russia that plant that had a melt down now still contaminated!
I'm curious why earlier it was never hypothesized that the plane actually *dumped* its fuel. This would be consistent with data indicating that the plane changed its heading within the first hour (to land sooner) and would explain why there is no debris field in the sea.
I totally find the Theory of the Plane exploding in the air appalling. The Theory is some how confirming the death of everyone aboard, what if the plane was landed? what if there are survivors? The media should please put their selves in the shoes of the Loved ones of these Victims, Wait for Verified evidence before Publishing theories and Guessing.
There was a report of a pilot commiting suicide I once read and forcing the plane to dive and reach a critical catastophic velocity. It crashed into water and not much was left, only small pieces. The bodies were totally gone due to the force of impact. Maybe this happened ? How about the plane changing direction then diving to a very low altitude to go under radar and heading to a destination unknown ? Either way it is a terrible thing.
There is an underlying issue here. Those passports were stolen over a year ago and are known to be stolen. If this is known, then how come they can still be used for travel. The number on them should have indicated them as stolen.
Did you read the article? Your comprehension needs work.
That's the point...nobody checked. They are listed as stolen in Interpol.
Hate to say it but looks like practice to me they are trying to figure out how to get past security at airports . The no debris is a puzzler tho should be something id that plane hit the water it would have broken apart like nothing and debris would be everywhere
Maybe they were all abducted by an Alien craft? The news idiots have speculated on everything else.
I wouldn't be surprise if alien spaceship appear in the coming days.
Just how many days are you talking about? Real 24 hr. days, or the God made everything in 7 days type?
With the past backgrounds of people trying to board aircraft from this facility, it seems incredible to me that stolen passport checks were not routinely made when they knew they were available.
Perhaps it is time to be looking for the aircraft on land. No distress signals, no radio, nothing to see from the air and with ships in the area; makes a person wonder if the aircraft isn't parked somewhere in the world and the passengers held where they could not use phones nor try to reach out for help.
It doesn't make a SANE person wonder that at all.
They say that radar can also pick up debris in a short time once its torn apart in mid air. But the radar report shows it just "vanish". A terrorist attack of that magnitude could involved being blasted by lasers which can disintegrate a plane in an instant without anytime for distress call. I'm just speculating my #$%$ off here because I find this weird.
what do you base that statement of fantasy on
Let's hope the authorities can locate the island where the plane crashed before the smoke monster gets all the survivors.
Bomb?? No, there would be a debris field. Crash into the ocean?? No, there would have been some communication as it was going down. Hijacking?? would show up on radar somewhere. They were several thousand miles from the Bermuda Triangle. hmmmm... a strange one, this is.
points more in the direction they're withholding the truth coz it was an act of terrorism.
I could believe that, but what happened to the plane? There should be a debris field somewhere. Actually, I do think terrorists had something to do with it.
If it was terrorism do we think someone would have taken credit for it by now?
HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX!
A posible theary: How about 4 terrorists aboard take over the plane. The oil in the water, a plant. The turn around, plane going somewhere else. No debris found, no crash. We now have a hostage situation.
Except, usually hostage takers communicate their demands. No communications+oil slicks=plane crash. The question is, was it terrorism or an accident?
I would rather they have been hijacked to another country, in tact, than think they are at the bottom of the sea. It ain't over til its over, lets keep hoping til the last minute.
it's over, the fat lady done singed.
HOW ABOUT THOSE FALSE PASSPORTS, HAS THE JAPANESE RED ARMY BEEN INVESTIGATED AS TO DATE, AS THEY INVADED KUALALUMPUR IN 1975 AT THE USA CONSULATE WHERE THEY HELD 65 HOSTAGES MY FAM PART OF THAT, SO I WOULD SUGGEST THE PLANE WAS HIJACKED AND FLYING UNDER UNDER RADAR
Asian faces and English or Austrian names wouldn't be that uncommon. I worked in a job where many of the people were Asian (including Russian) who legally changed their names when they applied for residence in the US.
It's not in the US, it's in Malaysia, where very unlikely Asians from a predominantly Muslim country would change their name to some European name.
European Passports, Clintern. Same principles would apply and returning to the "homeland" to visit is not uncommon.
Why isn't Obama doing anything, it is clear its his fault because it happened while he was in office. He should call for the immediate attack on Malaysia, with Congress approval, and if he doesn't get Congress to go along.......uh, never mind.
Terrorist could've hijacked the plane or even pilot could've worked or been apart of it. Plane could be anywhere?
Let's speculate! Technology today takes us to photograph a Black Hole in the universe!... Now, assuming that the two guys that boarded the plane with false identities are terrorists with sophisticated knowledge of communications technology, and were the accomplices of highly technological ground forces of a country able to highjack an airplane by disabling its communications systems, they very well were capable of coordinating landing the plane safely somewhere within the flying range of the Boeing 777. Let us all pray for every one's safety....
My friends, I do not personally believe in UFO's but I do believe advanced militaries have space aged weaponry. It seems to me that this plane became target practice for China's or some other Asian army's latest laser or rocket beam. Think about it friends.
In this day and age of such sophisticated technology why not equip commercial airliners with telemetry equipment that transmits continuous data from takeoff to landing instead of relying on the 'horse and buggy' black boxes that are only useful if you recover them?
My thoughts exactly. We have access to so much new technology all the time; why hasn't someone addressed this issue before? We can microchip our pets, track cell phones, launch satellites into orbit, use our phones to locate the nearest Baskin Robbins......why can't we develop some technology to track/locate planes filled with humans?
A bizarre mass stabbing at a southern China rail station on Saturday that killed at least 29 people and wounded 143 others is being blamed on Muslim separatists. Radical Muslims MUST be stopped! Last week, thy killed 29, maybe more. When will the world wake up and realize that all religions are NOT created equal. The southern Baptists who don't want us to dance or drink are a PITA, but the radical Muslims want us all DEAD. Wake up!
Nothing 'bizarre' in the mass stabbing, unusual but bombs and fighting has been going on for a long time as China is slamming down on the Uighurs like they do on the Tibetans. Mass immigration of ethnic Han, harrassment, restrictions etc, creating the terrorists they have to fight. And now we have a new group of fanatical madmen and women ready to murder their way through the world.
I keep hearing the media throw around the term disintegration, saying "the plane may have disintegrated". But that's only happened three times before, all on 9/11/2001 ! Every other plane that's crashed has left debris, a crash site, & black boxes, etc. But we all know that was scientifically impossible so there has to be evidence somewhere out there. Maybe they want the black box & recorder before they let us know anything. Or maybe it's the 4th plane to completely disintegrate and defy scientific logic/common sense!
They're not saying there's no debris. They're saying that if the jet disintegrated going that fast that high the debris will take a very long time to find and identify. The ocean is a very very big place and even a jet liner is a very very small thing in comparison, let alone debris from a jet liner.
@Vinland... BOTH airliners that struck the WTC towers left behind debris, including engines that went through the buildings and out the other side. The 757 that struck the Pentagon left behind so much debris it took many dump trucks to haul it all away and there was a lot of airliner pieces in the form of sheet metal skin, seats, luggage, etc scattered about the scene. NONE of those three airplanes "disappeared" or "disintegrated".
@Boris None of the debris on the pentagon lawn went to the type of plane that allegedly hit the building, plus remember the 12 foot round engines that disintegrated into nothing. @Mike D I understand the oceans size. But youtube plane crash sites in the ocean and look at the very large debris field and the amount of stuff floating on the water. Just seems odd they haven't found it.
I'm sure they've got the baggage handlers isolated and are grilling them. The lack of communications is what is most frightening and questionable. One of the Americans is from around here and his brother has been on the news. Prayers for all those who lost loved ones and I hope they solve this mystery soon, accident or human caused.
Lets look at the evidence: Oil slicks, previous broken wing tip, passengers with stolen passports, no debris field. Did the pilots dump the fuel? The fact that no debris has been found suggests the fuselage went into the ocean whole. Comment below:
I think they ended up at the Pyramid in Crimea.
Is it possible this jet may have been hijacked, flown under the radar, and be setting on some remote island somewhere?
Maybe they need to look for someplace that hijackers could have landed since no explosions in the area were recorded on satellite imagery.
Wow, more 'vaporizing' planes. Kind of like the non existent plane in Shanksville, and the non existent plane at that hit the Pentagon. Funny that there are 100 videos of the Pentagon and not one shred of evidence that a plane hit it. When will the American people wake up.
Why is everyone so reluctant to use the 'T' word, if the plane disintigrated in mid air , most likely it blew up and very littel will be found.
Fred, I agree with you that the "T" word is the 21st centuries new dirty word or letter...whatever. The liberals dont want to think this might be another incident of radical muslim extremists and someone might have to send a few missiles someones way. We are living in dangerous times and I'm still not a fan of flying! Sympathies to the families, and let them grieve in piece news media Yahoo included.
If it blew up in mid-air there would be debris beyond speculation for sure, pieces of airplane parts would be everywhere in the water and so would bones and bodies and not to mention luggage pieces and foodstuff--there would be something there to remind them of what really went wrong.
How about giving the scenario a rest until something definite is found out--otherwise, we are all just making wild accusations. When JFK Jrs' plane went down, they were so lazy to look and finally they did locate the plane under the water, very close to the bank of the water, people are lazy and too consumed with themselves to do a bit of hard work and find that plane--how shameful?
probably cause the F word is so much more fun to say
"Daniel" you probably should spend more playing with your crayolas instead of analyzing the recovery operation
I'm not defending the customs officials by any means, but just because someone appears to be Asian doesn't mean they can't be a citizen of Italy or any predominantly Caucasian country. There are a lot of Asians that are American citizens so to me appearance doesn't mean much.
I live in SW Ohio and there are a lot of Asian people that live here.
I live in southern CA and more than half of Orange County is Asian.
Yeah they must see an awful lot of Asians travelling with western passports.
Because no has stepped forward to claim they have it means no one took it?? I don't recall anyone saying they hijacked those plains before they crashed on 9/11. I think those fighter jets that Poland requested need to stay home. Poland can request them another time since its just for 'Exercise". I am starting to think after putting all the pieces together that Russia invading Ukraine is the Trojan horse.
it's been 3 days of searching and they found nothing,. So I'm a putting it out there, As crazy as it may seem, aliens! There I said it, and I'm probably not going to be the last to say it
Aliens yes. They are illegal aliens who enter countries illegally.
Are there mountain or remote areas in the flight path? Have authorities considered looking on land in addition to water for plane (parts), etc. Seems everything I read is concentrated to a water search.
They are concentrating on a water search because the planewas lost over open ocean. If a plane disappears over Kansas, would they look in the ocean just to make sure the plane isn't there?
Until the plane is found, to me, it is considered hijacked and is still intact somewhere.
What's with all the references to movies?? Is there anyone over the age of 12 posting here?
We're asking the wrong question, it shouldn't be where is the jet but ask who benefits?
I'm thinking this plane is not in the water at all and was hijacked by terrorist's and taken to that country,it's the only thing that makes any sense.
then it would have still been on radar
Whose radar? Radars don't work 60 miles away, because of the Earth's circular horizon. And YES! Remember the Israelis kidnapping, sent the plane to Uganda and the Israelis having to invade the country's airport to salvage them?
what about radio contact? where is the signal from the black box?
As of 8AM EST it is being reported that the oil slicks found are NOT from the airplane...
Malaysian officials made an announcement said the slicks were not from the plane. I believe businessinsider and HLN are the only American News reporting it.
There is a news conference going on right now....they're saying they have absolutely no idea where the plane went down and have nothing whatsoever....they're expanding the search area by hundreds of miles...
You're putting your life into the hands of a few people behind a locked cockpit door. Anything can happen, if one of those few is deranged and clever.
Obviously this was an alien abduction. Same reason Amelia Earhart was never found. An explosion of any sort would leave debris somewhere. A plane, 239 people, and their millions of belongings wouldn't simply disappear 100%.
Better call in Mulder and Scully!
OOOOORRRRR they just haven't happened across the debri field yet it is an ocean you know not a swimming pool.
Many Americans constantly whine about how afraid they are of passports and ID cards, and a number of the comments on this thread express just that! What is this American fear and obsession with ID cards???? Identification papers have existed in Europe and many parts of Asia for many hundreds of years (before the invention of photos, a detailed description of the person was included on the documents). But Americans illogically moan about the evils of ID cards. And it's just that - illogical!! In the 1930s, Americans and labor unions whined about the evils of social security numbers and cards, fearing they would be used to oppress American workers and labor unions. Something that never materialized. Then in the 1990s when Clinton tried to introduce a medical ID card, many Americans - including many Democrats - moaned about the evils of a medical ID card. Americans need to get over this silly fear of ID cards and passports. IDs and passports do not lead to dictatorships! The rest of the world - democracies, dictatorships, monarchies alike, all use ID cards. Having ID cards do NOT equal dictatorship. Otherwise, all those democratic countries around the world that require IDs would be dictatorships, now wouldn't they?!?!
@Lark......I'm talking about many comments on this thread that try to dismiss the stolen passports as somehow not being important. IDs and passports are vital to ensure people are who they claim they are. This issue harks to the US obsession and fear of ID cards in general as somehow being evil. This American view of the world is very alien to many of the rest of us around the globe!
A Boeing 777-200 is so high tech there is no way to get lost, to not be tracked on radar. Sounds like a terrorist bomb at 35000 feet. I've been in Malaysian airport. Uh, virtually no security compared to USA or Europe. Bomb. Who is ready to fly Malaysian Air?
777-200 is now using stealth technology.
latest press conference confirmed the 2 fake passport holders did not have the look of Asian men after viewing the footage.
Gotta be a hijacking and a sophisticated one at that. There was no distress call so they must have had jamming equipment surely. A mid-air hijacking during cruise could be accomplished I'm sure as all crew members would be more relaxed and less vigilant. OR They just haven't found the wreckage yet.. I think it's the former.
If it was hijacked it would just about have had to be done with lots of help from the inside...Still, one would think at least one cell phone call would have made it out...
Good point glockonthedot. But again, jamming equipment would take care of all that. The 2 people with stolen passports onboard are Europeans supposedly - Austrian and Portuguese if I remember correctly. It's all very strange and just idle speculation at this point I admit.
My prayers go out to the families that are sitting and waiting for news of the family and friends, this has got to be hard not knowing what happen. Just sad news, we need some good news.
Nowadays everyone and everything is a terrorist. I bet if a single bolt came loose and somehow caused the plane to go down that bolt was a #$%^ terrorist!!!
We'd listen to this Muslim in Denial, if you muslim #$%$ had nuts in your panties instead of bombs. Now, bend over, face mecca and insert your head the rest of the way up, Akhmed.... errr.... I mean Erwin.
Maybe someone turns off the transponder and flew the plane elsewhere. If I remember correctly during 911 some of those planes went off radar before they crashed.
What about the object they found yesterday that looked like it was a door to the aircraft? They didn't mention that this morning. My prayers go out to all of the family and friends involved.
The world would be much more civilized if we had just let Spanish Friars civilize all of it.
Or Eskimos from the southern tip of the North Pole
Jane's Defence Weekly is reporting it is a terrorist act. These are ex-MI5 guys - they know.
Several theories and conspiracies including if the plane landed safely somewhere in an undisclosed location. But make not mistake about it, if someone wanted this plane to be landed at an undisclosed location, either way, the passengers are all dead because no one wants living witnesses walking around when the plane was supposedly exploded or crashed when it's actually safely on the ground.
Can satellite help in revealing what happen to the Airplane?
US and European investigators...enough said. Yesterday they had video of the 2 men that used the stolen passports, today they will not elaborate. Yesterday there was an announcement that a Chinese rebel faction took credit for the plane crash, today no one has claimed responsibility. Amazing isn't it?
No, not really. Seeing how this is a dynamic situation, it's not unreasonable for there to be initial confusion. Or are you one of those moronic conspiracy nut jobs who thinks everyone on the Titanic lived because the initial reports were flubbed? Oh wait - You also think that Dewey beat Truman because that one newspaper printed it that one time. Don't you?
Further, if you don't trust "US and European investigators", then who is going to get to the bottom of this? You? I'm sure your years of armchair quarterbacking have made you the perfect person to lead the investigation.
In this age of technology how can something that size simply vanish? There is more to this than we are being told. The Malaysian government fist denied the aircraft was missing. Now it seems to be gone without a trace. Can't wait to hear THE REST OF THE STORY!
3 Americans were killed. 3 of our people.
lets go to war over it right?
People… the level of satellite sophistication is beyond what is imagined. Certain gov'ts know exactly what happened and are still deciding how to spin the story. The jet no longer exists resulting( most likely ), from a terrorist attack. Whether some muslim extremist group or some other, remains to be determined, if in fact, a device was detonated during the jet's flight. Don't allow the obvious to evade common sense. Two passports when scanned were determined to be stolen. The two individuals displaying those passports were allowed to board the jet. If you worked security at an international airport, and two passports were red-flagged by interpol upon scanning… would you allow those two individuals to board the jet? Point made.
All counties don't have the same security measures in place
There are 39 million stolen passports world wide...An astounding number, and a good reason to update security to the Interpol list, and have a redflag list that is prescreened, on at least all international flights...
It would appear that somewhere on the inside, meaning security at the airport, the breakdown occurred, pretty clearly intentionally and as part of the terror plan, if in fact it turns out to be a terrorist attack. I would imagine that those in security who handled the scanning and allowed those bearing stolen passports to board are being investigated thoroughly. The entire thing lacks sophistication beginning with the notion that Asians were allowed to board a plan with European identities and with passports that were clearly flagged internationally as stolen. If this is a terrorist attack, the entire process seems to have relied upon people in key positions throughout the boarding process, and one would hope that this could not have been accomplished in most countries.
Disintegration of a 777 at 35,000 ft. would require a large expenditure of energy. Something went BOOM.
Total disintegration and NO debris? No, come on, Even the Space Shuttle Challenger which was going many times faster at higher altitude and exploded with the power of a small atomic bomb had lots of debris.
Malaysia's home minister said the border officials should have flagged Asians with European passports. Are we to assume that no one of Asian decent lives in Italy or Austria?
And flies from Malaysia to China on stolen passports?
ONE OF 2 SCENERIO'S * Almighty God took them, and the faith of their souls will be determined. * Aliens from another planet took them, for experimental research. I'LL TAKE THE FIRST
My sympathy to the families of the victims. I have not heard anyone talking about the black box. Why? I believe that this was a terrible accident. The fact that our satellites did not detect flash is one reason, another reason is the plane back tracking home, and backtracking without calling means electrical problems. Electrical problems can cause control flaps to go haywire, which may explains disintegration. No one has claim against Malaysia, so all the fear mongering about terrorism (Muslims of course) is a pile of BS. There is internal separatist movements by ethnic Chinese looking to create another mini china in one of the Malaysian Island, (The first being Singapore), but that movement is overt and from what I have read is none violent and pretty much like the Malay people, this is the mood of the country - no radical anything. Fly By Wire is a wonderful technology, but like the Air Bus Tragedy at launch, this could be another one of millions and millions of possible things that can go wrong and it did go wrong.
@ Dennis, That's an educated opinion based on my knowledge of control technology and my tracking of world wide politics, and from my experience living in that part of the world. If you want a story, go to your mother
It almost has to be a terror attack. If it can be tied to Iran, they may face retaliation from the rest of the civilized world. China lost about 90% of the passengers, so they should take the lead in holding this terrorist state responsible for the cold blooded murder of their citizens. It will be very interesting to see how this entire thing plays out.
Why would Iran attack this plane?
@Andy, China has been have problems with muslim terrorist attacks in their country. Iran is a big terrorist supporter. Iranians are muslims.
Well, this simple premise of yours ignores key facts. China's muslims are not connected to Shia in Iran. China is selling Iran nuclear technology and is an "ally".
My heart and prayers go out to the passangers, and their loved ones. There are no words...
So many "coincidences" that it's hard to ignore ... the plane departs from a known terrorist departure airport. Two people on board with stolen passports and tickets purchased by ... an Iranian. The video of the two passengers indicate that they were/are middle eastern. Now perhaps this is just all just coincidence but you must admit even those who wish to remain politically correct and without stereotyping have got to be at least wondering.
You really have nothing in your brains.
If it disintegrated there would be a debris field a mile long. They can read your license plate from space but can't find a debris field?
Whatever happened was sudden enough that the plane didn't return any ACARS messages before it went down, or at least the public hasn't been told of any yet. Such automated messages were key clues before the black boxes were found on Air France 447.
With smartphones these days, it should be hard to hijack anything even if they took the phones there are still ways to track those devices. Just something to think about.
Airlines don't allow passengers to fly to countries without acceptable entry documents. Visas, or onward tickets! If no China visas were issued to suspect passengers, they must have had onward tickets to the EU!!
My theory given the departure location is that this flight was bombed mid flight. Not even a single signal, flight crew call, or cell phone call/text means it happened in an instant.
Terrorist usually take credit immediately for an attack--That's the whole point.
North Vietnam shot it down, then spilled the oil as a diversion.
Mystery? .. That reminds me of one of the Stephen King's TV series about a plane went to a different dimension through a vortex or time portal... come to think of it... creepy if it is true.
or the classic twilight zone where the plane went to dinosaur age and went to1914 old New York?
The Malaysian security people are afraid of being sued by Eric Holder for race profiling. Barry took credit for his buddies doing a good job.
What is the plane landed on the ocean, like with the incident with Captain Sully on the Hudson, and these poor people are waiting to be rescued with their floatation devices??? No ones talking about possible survivors, just looking for plane debris. I hope that they look for possible survivors instantly. An expert in aeronautics being interviewed about this, said in an incident of this type, SECONDS COUNT!!!
I read an article that possibly North Korea shot down. Just last week China complained to them that a missile from the North just missed one of their planes. If they should turn out to be the ones that were responsible for this, nothing would happen to them anyway. Maybe a finger shake from Obama.
In light of recent information coming forth that there were "suspects" with forged passports, it's not much of a stretch to believe the plane was sabotaged. If this is true, if it blew up......there would be debris scattered everywhere and we haven't seen that. Logic tells me that it was hijacked and something went terribly wrong OR it was hijacked for the sole purpose of crashing it.
The likely dreaded pilot suicide theory is the worst possible scenario to imagine because this could start a rash of pilot like behavior from pilots feeling life is no longer a pleasure if people like Hillary Clinton ever become President, if that happens I won't be taking any flights just as a precaution.
It went so high in the air it just disappeared. Lost in Space.
iam sorry I just don't buy this disinagrating thing there would be some trace of something somewhere and nothing could convince me that it just simply disinergrated . and the familys want answers and there is way to much conflicting information .a plane of this size simpley does not just disappear.
I'm sure you'll never accept that explanation even if you learn how to spell DISINTEGRATE.
lol not here for a grammer lesson sorry
I admit iam not a great speller by no means but never the less you got my point . did you not?
but do tell us barry what is your thoughts on the crash other than correcting my grammer
I guess the clowns writing these articles have never heard of aluminum chaff. It's used by military aircraft to fool radar into seeing a false image. Well if this plane disintegrated into little pieces, you've just described aluminum chaff which would produce a much larger radar image than otherwise. You would clearly see this on radar as it fell to the sea. So that explanation doesn't hold water either. Try again.
Doubt it. That would just confuse radars making large reflections, not turning around. Plus, I'm sure the military radars have the tech advances to counter it easily. Had to look it up, and once I saw it is synonym to window, I got the idea of what you are saying.
A Chinese guided missile destroyer probably shot it down for going into their NEW airspace without permission.
Outrageous. You think they would have been alerted these passports were stolen; also, if these people had checked baggage and failed to get onboard. However, that would suggest that the baggage was not properly checked,
How about the possibility of a vortex similar to those stories from many years ago in the Bermuda with the Bermuda Triangle where ships/planes have disappeared without a trace. Anything is possible.
I was thinking Sci-fi myself, but the guy from Jurassic park isn't in this story.
Boeing had better fix those cracks in the wing boxs of the remaining 777's.
But if the plane disintegrated in the air, there would be bodies and wreckage strewn all over the ocean. This story just keeps getting weirder.
God bless those souls that won't come home again to their loved ones and I cannot even imagine their families pain and thoughts of how their loved ones died.
Best part is most of the sheep will buy the 'unprecedented mystery'. Ever notice when they have a planned false flag like 911, they had names and knew everything while it was going down. A country tests their missile capabilities on a passenger plane and it's a 'mystery'.
I think its obvious that some suicide bomber was able to board a plane w/ stolen passports and also able to smuggle some type of bomb on board. governments abroad are w/ holding this information to avoid mass panic.
Or they're actually taking the time to investigate it, unlike people on yahoo who post comments beginning with "I think its obvious" when they really have no idea what happened.
fact: 2 individuals boarded the plane w/ stolen passports! coincidence? lol come on Caitlin, pull your head out! wondering around like a blind sheep is no way to live!
oh and 1 more thing Caitlin....trusting the media/government to tell you the truth about everything is foolhardy!
Are they checking on land? Why are they so convinced that the plane is in the ocean? If there are no signs of it there, maybe they need to be looking elsewhere-even if it did crash into water there would have to be some debris-a plane going that fast, crashing into anything is gonna get broken up-or maybe the plane is just not in the area they are looking-what else can it be?
LETS DO THE MATH If the plane exploded at 35000 feet and you survive the explosion. From 35000 ft to 20000ft the air is to thin, its not breathable. If you survive those 15000 feet and you don't freeze. (-3 degrees per 1000 ft) 20000 feet to impact is going to be apx 2 min. If you survive all of this, water has the density of concrete if you are falling at apx 120 to 140 mph. In order for anyone to survive this a person would have to have 02 bail out bottle and a parachute. Impossible to survive such and incident. Why waist the money looking, DAVIES LOCKER welcomes everybody. My brother is buried at sea(U.S. Navy Seal) and I'm a skydiver.
wow ..I would have never guessed that one could not survive an explosion at 35000 feet..thanks
SANDY WAKE UP. Your in denial of the truth. If you step out of an airplane at 35000 ft. You will die. There is no maybe. I have seen people impact the ground in skydiving and thats stepping out of a plane at 15000 ft. Wake up, there are no survivors. Some thing to remember. If you impact the ground at 120 to 160 mph there is no OUCH. Your body is dead before you can feel any pain.
If it was landed on the ocean following a normal landing procedure would much break off in the way of noticeable debris? Floating seats mean nothing if the fuselage is intact.
Blessings to the families of the victims. This incident really stinks of corruption!
As silly as it may sound, you have to believe... the plane was abducted by aliens
eliminate all the impossibles, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Are there any last text messages from any of these passengers?
35,000 ft in the air, no txt, no phone
MUSLIM'S and their terrorist brotherhood. Not one word about it. Malaysia is FULL of them. But of course, since obama, the US if FULL of them too.
Unless Aliens/ UFO did something … if thats the case, the media will never know.
How could a large jet just disappear? If a jet disintegrated wouldn't there be some wreckage floating somewhere? With all of our high technology you would think we could find out something. I just don't get how a large jet could disappear into thin air.
Aliens. The whole flight was abducted. Its happened before. They won't find any wreckage.
One of my biggest (and what I thought irrational) fears about flying is the plane falling apart at cruising altitude. I've been assured over and over again that it never happens. Apparently, it can. My God, those poor people on that plane... I can't even imagine :( I really hope they find out what happened soon, for the families' sake.
"...Their passports had been stolen in Thailand." In 2004 my daughter went to Thailand as a Rotary Exchange student. She was met at Bangkok airport by Rotary officials, one of whom took her passport for "safekeeping". She never saw the passport again. The Rotary official said that my daughter "lost it." After many delays, she got a replacement from the embassy. Pretty frightening for a 16 year-old kid from rural Oregon. I've heard that U.S. passports sell for up to $10,000 each.
dude on beach rd in patts wants passport to rent motorcycle. xxxx him. everybody else take copy of passport or cash or both for security
Keep waiting to here them say they have evaluated the fuel on board and determined what other possible destinations the flight could have taken from the point of origin. Wouldn't think if 4 terrorist were on board that they would want the plane to continue on to the known destination, what would be the point of that? They either wanted to go to an alternate destination and take control of the plane or sabotage to kill those on board to make a statement of some kind. The mystery of complete disappearance adds to the intrigue. Can the plane have landed in a remote location of another country? Can't imagine the torment these families are experiencing during this time. Prayers and Blessing to all.
When a plane disappears from radar suddenly, it has either landed or crashed. Figure it out.
The news report said there were 2 passengers with stolen passports, they could possibly hijacked the airplane and met resistance and blew up the airplane with a bomb or shot out the window by accident.
If it landed in any other country it would have been picked up because of intruding airspace. Therefore it literally had to have 'disappered' somehow. Either by the way this article says or an abrupt crash. Those are about the only possibilities.
Highly unlikely. A 777 needs a long runway that is generally only found at large civilian or military airports. In addition, it would have shown up on radar even if they had turned the transponder off. Given that there was no call from the pilots, it seems more plausible that the plane catastrophically broke up in flight. A bomb is certainly a possibility, though it would seem that by now some group would have taken credit.
If the perpetrators were Muslims, this would give them a quick ticket to "Paradise." After all, the maniacs who flew into the World Trade Center went believing they were on their way to their multiple virgins.
If it was terrorism, why has no one claimed responsibility?
It is nice to see so many nations coming together with airplanes and ships to help these families get closure and find out what happened.
This is starting to look more and more like foul play. Planes don't just disintegrate at altitude without foul play
You have to be a complete fool to step foot on any airliner. For a myriad of reasons.
You ride your goat in Hootersville, dullard.
JoJo, I slam your old lady in the caboose after I ride my goat.
You do 91 year old dead women?
Is it at all a possibility that someone ( the stolen passports) took the plane? It had plenty of fuel. With jamming devices they could stop any sort of communication once nearer to land. As the plane turned , perhaps it dropped below radar and landed somewhere.( where?) Terrorists would then have a plane they could use at any later date.
The radar is way above sea level.
An aircraft that size cannot cruse at low altitude and has a very large radar signature that would show a loss of altitude that was not totally extreme and for it to be extreme it is not at all like the movies. The forces of gravity and weight of that large of aircraft, coupled with the actual aero dynamic capability and airframe in extreme condition to take it off any radar would be such no human or computer could recover from to not crash. This was not an aircraft designed with any stealth technology or aerodynamic response of a fighter jet, it was simply a commercial aircraft of ordinary design.
This is complete bs. A plane of this size doesn't just disintegrate with no trace of it.
If there were terrorists on board, the plane staff may were forced not make any distress signals calls! Everything was made quite it seems!
No message from the pilot, implies (1) sudden massive explosion; (2) total loss of electrical power disabling the radios, (3) gun at the head of the pilot and the threat, "don't touch anything or your head is gone."
Are all the cameras in the faces of family members really necessary?
If it broke up at 35,000 feet, wouldn't there be a wide-spread debris pattern?
Aliens. o.o But seriously, I feel bad for all the families, and find it a bit off putting that in this day and age a plane can go missing at all. I hope for a miracle, but in reality the best situation is that they find some part of the plane so the mystery can be settled and minds can be put at ease.
If Blue Book were still in operation it would get this case.
I think this has something to do with aliens.
No mitch, from another galaxy perhaps..
Really ? Not one piece of luggage floating? Nothing? Anything? Something's being hidden
and the conspiracy nuts come out.
Not true but the fact that people used stolen id's to get on board changes things. Sheep like you will be fleeced your whole life. I guess u see nothing wrong with that.
I have said it repeatedly. I would bet $5 that the plane was blown up by some Nutty Sand Neegmoes as pay back to China for its clamp down on the camel scheet in China.
I know I don't have all the facts, and I just skimmed over this article, but I have been keeping up to date on this story and I thought I would offer one possible theory...what if the plane was hijacked and is setting at some private airstrip or something? I mean...its a possibility right? I'm sure they will find it at the bottom of the ocean, I just didn't know you could lose a commercial airliner so easily...
Are the media simply stopping people randomly on the street and asking them what they think happened in order to write their next article??? Next, Mike a fry cook at McDonalds in Cleveland will give his theory that the plane was abducted by aliens!
C'mon now, Mr. Home Minister. No profiling! If an Asian looking person shows up with a passport with the name Guiseppe Corleone, just look the other way. It's simply naughty to think that person might be up to something.
Yeah. Asia for Asians only. And you had better name the lil Ching Ching it's RIGHTFUL name type. Amiright fellow nationalist brother? Huh ?
Disappeared from radar doesn't always mean crashed. The plane might have been hijacked, flown low so radar would loose it, then a course change just above the wave tops to a different destination. I am not saying that's what happened, but it's possible.
They'll find it where it is, not where they presently think it should be.
In the age of internet, global GPS and spy satellites that can read license plates and thermal scans of the planet, a giant airplane from Malaysia with 227 souls went missing with no trace. Human technologies are still very limited.
Please more pictures of hysterical crying relatives of those presumed dead. Its great how you really capture people during one of the worst times of their lives. #$%$ #$%$ press
Yes, these "reporters" are pigs. I refuse to look at the photos and just scroll down to the information.
we no linger live in the Bermuda Triangle days, last time i check every piece of the world sky is monitor. even the a guy like me can check google earth, so i know they gotta find out what happen to this plane
"They" still haven't figured out how the pyramids were built.
u can check google earth and can see if maybe a plane crashed three years ago. Look at the bottom it tells you when the image was taken and it is usually several years old.
Why would this official be perturbed that Italian and Austrian passport holders had Asian faces? Asians are allowed to immigrate, become citizens and obtain passports in those countries. What he should be perturbed about is a simple crosscheck of the stolen passports database would have flagged them immediately. That check never took place, or the immigration official(s) who let them through were in on it.
so, I feel so much better thinking that the plane simply disintegrated in mid air. I was worried that he whack job terrorist had finally found a way to take out a modern jumbo jet with a some sort of explosive device they can now get past security. (which they've been testing for a while now). They could have said that the jet could have been 'beamed up" to an alien mother ship, or a UFO took it out with a death ray.
No security - with tragic consequences!
Before jumping to any conclusion, we must hold our comments until the authorities find out what happened. My immediate reaction is that my heart goes out to those whose loved ones were on that plane.
The only other explanation for it to just disappear at 35,000 ft, with no contact from the pilots or visuals on radar is that it had an encounter of the E.T. variety. As that is unlikely, it disintegrated... Though they should still be finding more floating parts, unless those disintegrated first... This is really heartbreaking though, only a few things could cause a 777 to break up like that, none of them good
I don't understand why they keep telling people, this may have happened or that might have happened, this just keeps the people left behind in a state of sorrow and confusion and grief. Why don't they just say, as soon as we have some concrete evidence of what happened we will notify you. This is so cruel to the people suffering.
Because they don't know what happened? Just a wild guess.....
Well people,,,here we go assumimg all kinds of things again. The 'only' thing that anybody really knows is that this Boeing 777 200 ER. Flight #MH370, with 239 people on board has completely disappeared. So until 'anything' is found, then we are just playing a guessing game. May GOD be with the families of those on board. Thank You
why wasn't GOD with them BEFORE disappeared???
You Allah was only there until the bomb went off. Then he ran for the next Muslim to control, Vince. "Those horns on my head are proof that I'm your Allah, honest to myself." - Allah Lucifer to Vince the mo ron muslim
Remember the space shuttle that broke up on re-entry? That was mostly over land and pieces were still being found a couple of years ago. If the jet broke up or exploded at 35,000 feet, the pieces would be really, really scattered. Of course I am nobody, but my gut feeling is that's what happened.
don't compare with a single bomb
So it linked to Thailand. Doesn`t surprise me. I was robbed there twice at Sofitel Sukhomvit, and nobody gave a damn, although I insisted on lock interrogation. The management said it showed that houskeepers were in the room for night turn out for three minutes only, and thus there was no time to steal my money. They all cheaters there-from notorious taxi drivers to cops. The most horrible trip ever because of it`s sneaky people.
I was there a couple of times and never had a problem. you must look like an easy mark
I was by myself and a female. Could not wait to get the hell out of there. Never again.
Time for a plane that doesn't crash - it's possible.
Not if made in china, none of their stuff lasts more than a month
2000 to 2012 deaths from High Speed train accidents. 40 died in China. 79 in Spain. Same period, commercial aircraft crash deaths. 17,584. Trains are 99.32% safer than commercial aircraft.
Perhaps the scariest "news" to come from all of this is how many millions travel with stolen Passports and get away with it, because airport security isn't adequately cross-referencing each with the stolen passport list. The fear of offending someone by asking for ID has diminished our safety and culture in so many ways.
Half of these articles have to show a crying woman as the title picture...it's disgusting enough that the photographers are exploiting the grief of the passengers' families, Yahoo shouldn't be supporting that.
Two things that will make Vince the Muslim at ObamaNation thumb you down. Say the 2 Muslims who stole the passports from the Muslim country of Malaysia weren’t RASTIFARIAN. Or remind him that Condi used her Jedi mind powers to make Clinton invent the “LIE” about his first hero named Hussein. Maybe the inflight movie was a Rastifarian VIDEO you can blame it on, Vince? Stupid Muslim in De Nile !!!
That plane could be anywhere. What about the idea that maybe it didn't crash? Maybe its on one of the thousands of islands all through the area? Maybe it kept flying to a new destination via "new" pilots?
Good luck landing that sucker anywhere other than an airport, and if they landed at an airport it wouldn't be unnoticed.
This is the worst tragedy of 2014 so far. I am sick for these people, and I cannot imagine what they are going through. I will pray for all of the people lost, their families, and their friends. This is truly horrible...
May God be with the families that are waiting on news. And please, for Gods sake let the media leave the families alone! What they are going through does NOT need to be televised. There are in a personal hell right now. To me, that is PRIVATE. Should not be for the whole world to see. I know I'd go Alec Baldwin on them!
Can the pilots manually shut off all tracking devices and electronics in a jet to make them invisible? Wheres their anyone on that plane of great importance? Why were there three known stolen passports used to board the plane? I think they know more than they are letting on, I think they know it wasn't an accident and need to buy time to figure it out.
"Can the pilots manually shut off all tracking devices and electronics in a jet to make them invisible?" Sure...which is why militaries around the world go to very great expense to develop stealth aircraft...while simple civilian airlines can simply flip a couple of switches and become completely invisible to all radar...
answer is NO ,the pilots can't shut off these devices however : they could be disabled before hand on the ground.A lot of 'what if story time' going on. Wait for a few more days until more info becomes to light
There is no excuse for not streaming blackbox data live in 2014. It's not a lot of data. It's ridiculous we still have to search miles of ocean to maybe find out what happened in these cases, especially post-9/11.
One thing is most definite here. Obama has been off the front page for a few days. Is he even President anymore?
Norm, like all wacko Obama haters, simply must try and implicate the president in every tragedy in the world...what simpletons.
He sucks as a president. Period
Good evening, you have now entered the Twilight Zone.
If the truth ever comes out, it will probably become known that this airplane was accidentally destroyed by China testing its new hypersonic weapon system.
If the plane simply disintegrated or blew up at 35,000 feet, there would be a large debris field. There is none. Another theory is the plane simply nose dived into the water, and with the oil slicks being found this seems to be a possibility like what happened to the EgyptAir flight that crashed into the Atlantic Ocean in mid flight several hours after leaving New York JFK.
How does a plane just disintegrate? I'd understand a bomb doing it, but did it spontaneously combust or something?
Can happen, Google 'coffin corner" at that altitude, too slow, stall, too fast, disintegration, not well known but happens.
Still not found? Hopefully, the plane has entered the Twilight Zone with all souls intact
Or a safe zone so far nobody reported hurt.
There is something going on with this situation beyond our understanding, something has happened beyond our comprehension. God Please be with all of those on that plane wherever they are now..It will be revealed with God's help.. I pray for the families.
Remember that 9/11 plane that vaporized, folks? Somebody must have a very powerful weapon to vaporize huge moving vehicles/objects. No surpirse as they virtually vaporized the Twin Towers with controlled demolition.
Nobody blew this thing up because nobody claimed responsibility. These two guys would gain nothing from blowing up a jet if they had no motive to deliver a message. Something else happened here. Something bad.
That plane had to of disintegrated into dust if nothing has been found so far. You'd think they would find at least something floating out there in the water. It would take one catastrophic explosion to tear a plane apart like that.
Anything falling from that height would have a serious impact but that is the way gravity works in the ocean depths. Items will eventually float to the surface.
The speed of descent would most likely tear the plane and occupants apart before hitting the water. I've seen the results (remnants) crash of lower flying fighter military jets and it's not a pretty sight. I don't find it strange that nothing has been found because of the altitude of the craft at 35,000 feet and the debris would cover a huge area in a huge ocean. Aircraft are made of aluminum and riveted together. Smaller and lighter pieces will float to the ocean surface before anything else but given the currents it may take a while before that happens. A submarine would have the ability to pick up objects using sonar. So far, they have been unable to find even a ping from the craft's "black box". Once the box has been located and retrieved, aeronautic experts can determine what transpired in the final moments. Until then it's all speculation.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces." Yep, that's rich. Idiots. Besides the Asian faces, they would also have Asian sounding names, not Italian or Austrian. My gut feeling tells me that it was terrorism.
Something is not right here. Disintegrated? How does all the screws just all of a sudden unscrew themselves? This makes whoever made this airplane look bad since their planes can all of a sudden disintegrate, which may just be a ploy to cover-up the real reason.
I would think you conspiracy guys might notice what Obama is doing to America before you freak out about a plane crash you have no knowledge or real national interest in.
another reason why this probably isn't a terrorist attack: no group has come forward to claim responsibility. A terrorist group pulling off an elaborate attack but not letting anyone know they did it is akin to a research group discovering the cure for cancer but then lock their results in a vault instead of publishing them.
Nah, they were probably just abducted by aliens, no big deal!
The plane disintegrated by a powerful explosion at high altitude which destroyed all equipments on board from GPS's to ELT's to maybe the Black box...In these circumstances, Radio Waves can be used to trace passengers mobile phone frequencies if some are still intact...This is the only option left to the rescuers...
Is it possible the passengers with the stolen passports were in cahoots with the person or person's passing them thru the check points? Maybe that's why nothing happened for a year so that they could get established with the TSA.
Seems to me that in this day and age every commercial flight could easily record and broadcast streaming live every minute of every flight inside and outside the cockpit along with all flight data. This record could be automatically stored in cyberspace by an on-board computer for possible review in cases like this. The FAA should require it.
Until they find the actual wreckage, they should assume the plane was hijacked and taken to a secret location and the plane is being readied for a future, much more catastrophic terror event using the stolen plane as a delivery device. Crazy theory? Not as crazy as the history of the world has been.
Those people bombed plane probably belongs to east Turkestan Islamic movement, who receiving money each month from US government, a $1000 a person a month, if they live in USA.
Over 20,000 lawyers are en route to Malaysia.
There were several people on that plane with fake passports. This is terrorism and they need to find out what happened
Usually terrorists take credit for their deed...unless this is a different approach they're taking. Do the deed and let no one know. It is peculiar though that a craft that's relatively suppose to be safe has just vanished, without a trace. Aeronautical engineers even say if the plane blew up in mid-air or disintegrated then there would be no oil traces because the fuel would've evaporated during the explosion. Interesting stuff for the X-Files!
Human error on the job by not checking the Interpol database is pathetic. Should be criminal charges brought against the lazy and inept employees that allowed this to happen.
It is hard to believe that they have not found some type of debris yet. I mean, there should be a LOT of floating debris if the aircraft exploded/blew apart.
What if all electrical power was lost. Maybe unlikely, but there is no communication, no transponder, and probably loss of engine power. The plane could glide for a distance, but would eventually drop down. However, it could all be in tact. But it would be difficult to find......
Hitting water from that height in a free fall, would be like hitting a wall of concrete - the plane would have burst in hundreds of pieces and passengers would likely to floating on the water.
Of all the proposed scenarios, the first successful detonation of an Al Qaeda shoe bomb is most likely the cause of this disaster.
Please, oh please have some compassion for these families, and leave them alone. Please quit showing the pictures on yahoo, and maybe they'll leave them alone.
Is it possible that Captain or Co-pilot were involved and disabled communications. They then diverted the plane to another location or even further out to sea. It just makes no sense that one piece from the flight cannot be found. I read there was a submarine headed to the area and no word on their search. Whole thing is odd and disturbing.
If the plane did disintegrate in mid air, there would be floating debris over a wide field. Clothes, seats, plastics and personal belongings.
Aliens with a tractor beam. I kid you not.
If there was a concentration of fuel on the surface of the water then its unlikely there would have been a mid-air explosion. But then why no distress signal? Maybe partial disintegration--but no floating debris?
It was oil, not fuel. Jets fly on JetA, not diesel. Thanks for playing moron.
-if the search and rescue team has not found any debris or wreckage in the ocean until now, there is still chance that the missing MH 370 managed to land on an old, abandoned airport somewhere..
Stolen passports don't blow up planes. Over 1 billion passengers flew internationally last year without their passports being checked against the lost/stoen passport list. I'd be surprised if thre weren't DOZENS of people flying under false passports every day, given that statistic.
Why are Americans so afraid of passports and ID? The US has got to be the only country (except for the UK) that is afraid of IDs and passports. Americans often howl about how #$%$ will be marching down the streets if IDs have to be checked. They screamed about how the state would invade people's personal lives when the mandatory social security number and card was introduced back in the 1930s. The card never led to #$%$ marching in the streets. Clinton tried to introduce a medical ID card in the 1990s. Many Democrats even condemned the card as the state intruding on people's freedom. Americans need to get over this crazy fear of ID cards.
What kind of mechanical failure could cause a commercial plane to disintegrate in mid-air?
My prayer and compassion to the people who lost their lives and who lost their loved ones. We are brothers and sisters at some greater level. May be one day in the future we shall live together like this, most likely. May God receive the souls with mercy in his eternal kingdom.
no I am not a mex or chinamanor a black person brother not now not never
they said spy satellites didn't find any evidence of mid air explosion, but even with disintegration, something would be falling out.
Watching the video I'm very impress that other foreigners know how to speak the English language, but the illegal aliens in our U.S. Country can't and don't want to learn it.
The Ukraine situation is escalating, and where is Obama? Playing golf in Florida! Can this be real, or is it just a bad dream?
Yes, it is a dream and YOU HAVE TO WAKE UP as the whole USA HAVE TO WAKE UP.
You heard it here first: Alien Abduction!
The Langoliers? How would a plane just go missing? How could there be no sign? Even at 35,000 feet. What if the plane safely landed with all it's communication devices turned off and will be used later for whatever the people hijacked it want it for? It does seem a bit unbelievable that there is no satellite imagery, no gps showing where the plane was, etc.
Incredibly sad. I feel so much for the families who have no clear answers.
I am getting really tired of seeing all these 'in-your-face' photos taken of the victims' families. That should be banned. Leave the poor people to grieve in peace.
This sounds like those stories of planes disappearing in the Bermuda triangle.
For some reason I have the feeling that we should be very cautious when it comes to trusting what this airline tells us. This kind of loss can hardly mean anything but terrorism, but I find it odd that no group has claimed responsibility yet.
If they had this plane on radar, then it suddenly disappeared, they must have the coordinates on it. I realize that the speed would effect the trajectory, however how can they not know a good approximation of where its parts or piece could have landed. After all they can steer a space shuttle and know precisely where it is.
Let's face it, due to political correctness you can't question anyone of a particular race or ethnicity,even when it is brutally obvious that something doesn't add up. Society would rather run the risk of endangering thousands of innocents than risk offending an ethnic group by asking a simple question.
Reading cases like this make me scared to fly. After all, if a plane that size can just disappear without a trace, then what can't go missing? My heart goes out to the families during this difficult time.
A bomb or missle took it down. If it did disentegrate at 35K ft. the bomb was a suitcase or cargo placed at a strategicl location in the hold.The trip-7 is an advanced well built plane that doesn't come apart in midair. I have flown in them in very heavy turbulence and the keep on flying. Boeing builds a hell of a good strong aircraft that is well tested.
bombs leave a trail not that.
How could a plane with hundreds of passengers on board just vanish into thin air?
Over an ocean, its pretty easy.
It didn't vanish. It either exploded or broke apart. At 35k ft, going 500mph or however fast it flies, parts will be scatters miles and miles and miles and miles.
I think it ascended into heaven. HaHa
when a plane disintegrates, it falls off the radar. it's transponder no longer functions and thus the nearest airports can't recognize anything being there.
The plane had to vaporize; by what means is the question, and why. A ray or rail gun, HAARP, tactical nuke, force-field, ball lightning ... If there was a weaponized virus on board which country has the technology to incinerate it without a trace, and the jet fuel slick was just a bone-head attempt to cover-up the truth. Therefore - if American spy satellites truly did not see an explosion, then what did they detect? A black hole?
How can a plane "disintegrate" (to change into one or more diff nuclei AFTER being bombarded by high-energy particles, reduce to particles, fragments, or parts; break up or destroy the cohesion of)... Yet there is visible oil slick? Um wouldn't that have "disintegrated" as well? I don't buy there diff little "theories". Not one single bit. They are coming up w/diff scenarios/stories/cover ups to see which one we as ppl will accept? Satellite would have seen explosion period. This is an obvious cover up. For what reason? There are several possibilities. There are quite a few things going on right now. But seriously do they really think we are going to buy there isn't one shred of evidence other than an oil slick?
I've seen a SMALL plane with pilot aboard after collision with the ground. Even the little guys litterally "blow apart" when they hit the ground or water. Now add tons and tons, and about 300 miles an hour or more.
Don't always look to the dictionary for a descriptoin or explanation.
Don't worry, Ann, the illuminati won't be coming after you because you're damaged goods.
wow... hey, if you hurry, I hear Wal-Mart is having a sale on Tin Foil, you can make yourself a new hat.
Ok howie Ty for cking that I wanted to make sure I indeed knew what disintegrate means... To me it meant burning up at such intensity it left little more than ashes. Whatever. Either way things do not just disintegrate ...if it did something hit it to make it disintegrate. And explain the oil slick. If someone is going to say disintegrate they need to explain how the impossible happened and there's a huge oil slick out there. It seems overwhelmingly impossible to little ole me that oil slick is the only evidence there is n boy one single other thing. And as usual the authorities, the media is quick to jump n give us their quick stories/conclusions which usually involves some ridiculous #$%$ to throw us off.
You can ridicule me all you want. But I don't believe any of it. I think they (authorities) must know something and as usual are not telling us.
What the f ever really? Barry and frank is that the best you can do? There is validity in my questions. To not question what we are being told is stupid. Do you feel better, have a good laugh to say I'm damaged goods because of my opinion, my statement that I don't buy it? Do you even have an opinion on this mystery or are you just scrolling and having a good laugh at others expense. You're pathetic
I'm sure "they (authorities)" in Kuala Lumpur and Beijing are most interested in making sure Anne doesn't know the truth.
Ps we don't have walmarts or such where I live we keep our neighborhoods clean from discount stores n 7/11's
Personally, I'm waiting for the "authorities" to release some new info. Perhaps you should do them same, Ann, instead of walking blindly into the wacko conspiracy camp.
I'm not walking blindly into wacko consiracy camp. Obviously you aren't capable of asking questions when it's so obvious, not just to me but thousands of other people that planes do not just disintegrate into thin air and without cause. Seriously I'm so over you and your demeaning comments which I see you are leaving on other ppls comments and opinions as well. I'm sorry you've been treated so badly n obviously been criticized for your own opinions that you feel the need to do so to others.
Nt all theories are conspiracy nor are they unwarranted. Theories are opinions, ideals trying to get the truth of the matter.
Lighten up, Anne. Does your beaver need to be tickled again?
Really Barry? Go read other comments, I'm not alone in my questions but you seem to enjoy being a jack hole towards me. You have a really pathetic life. I'm sorry your mom didn't hug you more or your daddy didn't show you how to respect others, especially women. Obviously you were bullied n they stuck your head in the toilet in high school didn't they.
I don't remember the toilet bowl incident. Were you there hiding behind the shower curtain?
Yes Barry I was I guess the bowl of feces affected your brain cells and that's why we called you Barry Barium
If the plane broke apart at 35,000 feet , how would they have such a concentrated oil slick in the ocean? Something is not adding up here.
The slick has been discounted as coming from the aircraft. is unrelated.
Exactly... if it all broke apart to the point of "disintegration", the fuel and oil would like be scattered about, if not completely burned up/evaporated mid air. It indeed does not add up..
My wife told me to day that the oil slick was discounted in the news. HMMMM, this one is strange s. still feel sorry for the families.
I'm not making light of this tragedy I'm very serious this sound more like a investigation for a Sully and Mulder type weirdest thing I've ever heard a plane just disappearing at 35,000 feet in mid-flight without a trace
Well an Asian person can be Italian or Austrian. Not everyone in either of those countries all look alike. I mean it's not like the coloreds here in the US.
"The United States extensively reviewed imagery taken by American spy satellites for evidence of a mid-air explosion, but saw none, a U.S. government source said. The source described U.S. satellite coverage of the region as thorough." That's one of the first things I thought of considering where it was when it went missing. If it would have exploded, our spy satellites would have seen it when it happened. This keeps getting stranger and stranger.......
You cannot see a 2-3 pound (required to blow the airframe apart) explosion from a satellite. You could probably see the plane on fire, but fire occurs when the fuel tanks reach the ground with engines running, and not because of explosion on board.
It landed at Cam Rahn Bay, South Viet Nam, on the 12 thousand foot runway.
Terrorists don't need explosives or any weapon to bring down a plane. At 30000 feet, all it takes is for terrorists to force open a door and the plane would quickly lose pressure and everybody on board would lose consciousness within seconds and the plane may just implode and fall like a rock.
Right Bucky. How Stupid. Grab another beer an go back to the WWE and don't post any other stu[pid messages
What's you problem Freddie? I think you need the beer and stop posting really stu-PUD messages.
All of these sad faces and crying people break my heart and bring tears to my eyes as well... I wish tragedies never happened in life..
Sounds to me like now there is an effort, for whatever reason, to protect the 2 people with the stolen passports. Malaysia and Iran are both Islamist countries.
They went off radar, but the plane could have flown for hours afterward if there were computer jamming devices used.
there is no device in existence that can be loaded on a commercial aircraft that can jam current radar technologies. I know a radar specialist from SRA international that works in the Asia pacific region.... what you are talking about is *impossible* An commercial plane can turn off its transponder, but it will show up on all aviation radar within range of the plane. A 777 cannot fly low enough to evade radar either.
Apparently, it was switched off, and yes, they flew for hours afterward.
Is there a possibility the plane was shot down with a new type of weapon?
ask the korean they have missile that uses fireworks powder. I think thats the new weapon.
Google China Airways Flight 611 in 2002. Same thing may have happened to this plane ( which also had a recent repair - this one to the wing). Planes can and do break up and disintegrate at cruising altitude. And stolen passports only suggests vague criminal activity of some sort or illegal migration for purposes unknown.
How long would it take to fall and tumble from angels 35? A full minute? I hope for their sake they were all unconscious or already goners. I've never been on a plane without having that anxiety, sure feel for these people and their families.
Doesn't the "thorough" spy satellite coverage of the area show where the plane went?
Why does Interpol bother to collect important information about stolen travel documents if nobody even bothers to use it? Passenger lists should undergo daily scrubs against this and other information being collected by Interpol. It can be done. Financial institutions must do daily scrubs of their customer databases against individuals identified as potential terrorists. Having this done by airlines is a no-brainer.
Why is nobody exploring the possibility that chinese missiles shoot the plane down without warning. Must be some guy in the plane they wanted to eliminate. Chinese people are the most ruthless, heartless you will ever come across. Years of communism has made those people total inhuman
"'I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces,' he [Malaysia's home minister] was quoted as saying late on Sunday." So there are no people who were born in Italy or Austria whose forebears were Asian? Seems unlikely.
They said their Passports were stolen few years back, why did the Interpol system nowadays did not have a system to register all stolen passports?
Passenger Aircraft such as this one is certainly like a bomb because of the jet fuel tank (fuselage, wings). This aircraft uses Jet A1, JP5, JP4, which are flammable when came in contact with igniting heat such as engine fire, electrical fire. Also, passenger aircraft carries oxygen and when in contact with fuel could cause the explosion.
To say a plane disintegrated in the air is crazy. Was the plane nuked? Very difficult to believe. Even with disintegration there should be a huge debris field floating on the surface of the ocean.
If it fell apart at 35K feet the debris would be spread out over an enormous area.
Lockerbie was 31k, still very big pieces.
disintegrated... yea right, if i've learned anything from watching all 7 seasons of Lost they must be on a mysterious island, DONT STOP THE SEARCH!!! we need to find them befoer the smoke monster does
My heart is hurting from this tragedy… but I too wonder how in the heck those with stolen passports got past security-- whether guilty or not. Did 9/11 leave nothing to better prepare ourselves? Please say it ain't so.
In this day and age of cloud computing, why do we still rely on a black box on board to store all the critical info regarding a flying aircraft? Why can't there be a backup somewhere on cloud??
In Germany a woman was arrested, who carried (literally) bags of ammo through airport-security TWICE and here we have stolen passports used and not checked. Why exactly am I not allowed to have a bottle of water on me, again?!
If it was a bomb it was to murder some individual on the airplane...a very unlikely and uncertain way to commit murder. It was some kind of accident/explosion or maybe even massive decompression could cause the aircraft to break up in two seconds.
I've flown Malaysian Airlines 3 or 4 times in the past 5 years for business trips to India so this hits a little bit close to home. Very scary and anxiety provoking.
Don't fly them anymore, because their technology is behind and they can't even keep track of their airplanes. How does an airplane not have a tracker on it? They should at least know where it was before it crashed or exploded.
At least 152 Chinese, 38 Malaysians, 7 Indonesians, 6 Australians, 5 Indians, 4 French and 3 Americans? There were only 3 Americans on board. Does that mean we lost?
an idiot AND a wise #$%$! What a #$%$ ...
What if the plane was stolen? And those who steal it used some kind of stealth technology. I know it sounds crazy, but there are ways to block radar signals, and even the satellites scans.
It's what I was saying regarding the stolen passports, "Italian and Austrian but with Asian Faces." A very grave lapse in the security and something that could have easily been prevented had ticket agents and security personnel bothered to look more closely at the passports.
I have Asian ethnic friends in America. They were born in America. Would you suspect their passports, too?
How many ASIANS are citizens of AUSTRIA? Let's get REAL. This isn't about RACE. If you don't have a data base screnning in place, you need SOMETHING and that would be using COMMON SENSE.
Uh... I work in transportation security. Racial profiling is idiotic. Not even Israel does it that way. If you use racial profiling, you will miss a lot of people who slip through simply by recruiting people you aren't profiling. Use some sense here. And by the way, there are plenty of Asians in Austria. Have you ever been there?? People fly all over the world now. Get with it.
I understand what you are staying Good Wife, but I bet your Asian-American friends don't have Caucasian sounding names. My point is that there should've been some discrepancy of some sort between the passports and the persons who presented them. Although now the latest news we are hearing that the holder of the Italian passport was a black man. If that's the case I would suspect a member of the African Al Qaida groups, or some other terrorist group with connections to Africa in regards to that particular individual. Still haven't heard about the physical appearance of the person with the stolen Austrian passport. And of course agents shouldn't RELY on ethnic profiling, but by the same token they should at least be doing a better job of visually inspecting the passengers documents, not just relying wholeheartedly on technology like scanning.
My thoughts are frozen and blank is disbelief of this horrible incident and my emotions are shocked with grief and sadness.
Planes and ships disappeared into places like the Bermuda Triangle and near Japan. It sounds strange, but it could have been an alien abduction.
A lot of countries helping out in the search by sending ships, et cetera, and still no information as to what happened? There should be some answers by now.
with all the things people have to go through at airports, cant believe international flights arent utilizing passport databases. Just like 911 they went on those flights on dry runs. These guys probably did too.
Disturbing that the European official defends illegal immigrants trying to get to Europe. Sounds like our fawning pols.
It was vaporized by an Alien Space Ship(an #$%$). Nothing left.
The press will be so disappointed if it isn't terrorism, they keep throwing it in every article hoping this was the case.
Maybe the plane landed on Brigadoon.
To me it appears to be hijacked somewhere, killing all the technical people who know how to operate and give signals for help. otherwise how can it be possible for such a massive structure to disappear in thin air. grief-stricken families must pray for the safe return of your loved-one. the whole world must for some time pray for everyone's safe return...
All we can do is Pray, what else is there? nothing we can do but pray and look for the plane, My heart goes out to any and all victims and their families, May God Be With You All
Your time would be better spent at a wishing well than a prayer booth
yeah well opinions are like #$%$ holes, everyone has one. you wanna spend your time at a wishing well, More power to ya, Keep that in mind when your burning for eternity and then ask your self, was it so horrible to believe and have faith?
Most likely a terrorist attack as this particular plane was recently inspected and extremely reliable. i'm sure some security boobs were being PC and pulling some 80 year old out of the line, while these other characters were Asian and with stolen European passports. Good grief!
If it disintegrated at altitude it would have left a large debris field.
The plane must have been abducted by a UFO. That would explain why there is no sign of it anywhere. The "secret" government can't hide the truth forever. Everyone knows that all Gods including Jesus Christ are @#$% aliens!
Until the airplane is found and the black boxes recovered, stories such as this are truly pointless.
Yep!! They generally do disintegrate after a bomb goes off.
Never fly Malaysia Airlines, or any Asian airliner for that matter, unless you wanna be shark food or burnt up to the point of non-existence.
And you have personal experience on this, Taters??
Too many planes crash in Asia.
I would think that any terrorist group would have taken responsibility for this but this could also have been a lone wolf operation. So far there is not any evidence of either case. It does appear that Malaysian officials are extremely lax with security.
It sounds like a cover up to me. Who were these two individuals that could on the air plane?
If it disintergrated at 35000 ft. how could there be oil slicks in the water? At 35000 ft. you would be lucky to find anything.
If it disintegrated, why would there be oil slicks?
Not literally everything went into smallest pieces. Oil tank survived and leaked out i guess. But not bad question. I had to think for second as well.
I understand that Kuala Lumpur had just hosted a large International furniture fair, where furniture producers take showroom space and furniture buyers from around the world come to look. The fair was March 4-8 and I wonder if there were many furniture factory executives on the plane, on their way back home to China... If it was terrorists, what or who was their target? were there senior level Chinese politicians heading back to the capitol?
I smell some GOV BS story coming out over this one! Sucks for the families involved. Whatever really happened, we will probably not be told
It seems unlikely the plane exploded due to a bomb on the plane. Why would anyone target that plane and why have no groups come forward to claim responsibility? There's no point in blowing a plane unless people know you actually blew up the plane.
I am perturbed as to associate people's face with nationality. I for am Asian of USA citizen. Also, lot of adopted children inherit the foster parent's last name so it's not that uncommon for these people to show up now and then. I've seen lot of immigration scan the document when entering their country, so why it doesn't show the scanned passport when they leave?
Islamic revenge against China. Couple of crazy Muslims blew it up.
If it wasn't terrorists? How about the Chinese being trigger happy, a case of mistaken identity much like the Russian error that was swept under the carpet many years back? The Chinese have the "No Fly Zone" they have established, perhaps they felt the plane was Japanese?
I'm no expert, but it seem to me regardless if it were destroyed by a bomb or simply broke up at cruising altitude and speed there should be pieces floating all over.
One of the true low points in life is when the plane you are flying in disintergrates at 35,000 feet.
But on the bright side, things can't get any worse.
Probably was hijacked The pilot dumped fuel trying to force hijackers into a no-win situation and give up....... like playing chicken. Hijackers turn it into a suicide mission hence no explosion- the plane simply crashed into the ocean. Last minute radar showing change of direction was likely the final struggle between the two sides.
see the Malaysia airline record they had minus income, plus income is from plane selling (good condition). why those American chose this airline or maybe they brought bad luck
If it disintegrated, there would be debris all over. I'm thinking a nose dive is the only possible event
There would be more concentrated debris.
How about this theory: a war plane from Vietnam mistakenly shot it down...or a large object (bird?) became lodged in one of the engines and plane took sharp nose-dive straight into ocean
Very few birds survive 7 miles up..
How many vehicles and people lost in the Bermuda Triangle? How many vehicles lost without a trace? How many lost in the oceans? How many in the air? On land? Tens? Thousands? Add that 777 plane on your list, since nobody seem to have a clue what happened to it.
There are 14 nationalities on board beside Chinese, why for 3 days only angry, aggressive, ugly-faced Chinese on TV's, internet news media attacking reporters, complaining, criticizing, talking non-sense? What's wrong with that country?
Why are you such a racist? What's wrong with you?
so if they know the plane went down because they tracked the transponder and they found no plane debri at that location, doesn't that mean the plane sunk into the ocean all in one piece and didn't disintegrate in the air ?? seems logical to me, but whats the likelyhood a plane sinks without breaking apart first ?? :/
Made in America is not what it used to be.
Maybe the pilots on the board who read this can help. I always thought commercial aircraft had some kind of transponder that reports its position to some one or some satellite at all times. Is this correct and if so wouldn't it be easy to find the last transponder location as the starting point of the search. Seems like it should be fairly easy.
Let's see. 1. If there was a turbulence, pilots would notify that they are going through rough path. Did it happen? NO. 2. If there was a terrorist hijacking the plane, pilots would notify towers. Did it happen? NO. 3. If there was malfunction, pilots would notify towers that there is a problem. Did it happen? NO. What else could make plane disappear so quickly? The only answer is --- missile. Now they have to find who fired that missile.
Too many things are not adding up and too many inconsistencies across the media coverage.
probably a republican conspiracy to make Obama look weak in the face of terrorism ahead of the November elections.
Obama looks weak all on his own
Malaysia is chock full of muslims, so nothing would surprise me. Figure there are a million people sitting around there trying to figure out how to do just what happened...just sayin. I visited that whole region years back and as best I can tell I was slipped a bad shrimp in a meal and was sick as a dog for a day with food poisoning because I was tall and blonde.
I smell a lie just like they did in two major crashes in the US . Oh what could possibly be involved with two identity thieves buying tickets at the same time? Yeah it just broke up with nothing left bagger than a dime?
Why would it turn around and no distress call? If it was a bomb it could be exploded without turning around
Plane was taken over by Iranian agents who flew the plane under the radar to N. Korea and picked up some nuclear bombs at the 7-11 and they flew back to Iran, under the radar. Bombs are being fitted to missiles as we speak and will be launched against the arch enemy - Togo. Kiss Togo - it was it's time To go.
Sounds very exciting. I can't wait until I can book a flight with an Asian Airline!
I think if it was bomb then whoever is the spokesperson for the group that planted the bomb would have said something. The fact that the "People's Army for the Liberation of Cause X" has not claimed responsibility would indicate that this was some sort of catastrophic mechanical issue or poorly done maintenance.
no evidence of mechanical breakdown, no radar detection from 35k ft to 0ft, no pilot voice report, none at all. It's a MAGIC.
Asked about the possibility of an explosion, such as a bomb, the source said there was no evidence yet of foul play and that the aircraft could have broken up due to mechanical causes. no evidence of mechanical breakdown and with the facts that are known the terror thingy is much more with the odds
If it was a bomb, how did they get it on board, unless it was an inside job. It would have to have been a very powerful bomb to blow it up with out a trace. This is definitely a mystery as of now.
If they have a database of stolen passports, and the the stolen passports were entered in the database, why weren't security officials checking the system? Now airports will check every passport for authenticity before passengers can board an international flight.
With all the meteorites zooming by the earth lately could one have hit this jet.
Maybe the US tested a Laser weapon that made it turn red and orange all over, then disappear...
Tragic. Hoping that the families can get answers and find some sort of closure.
Oh please. Even exploded, u still find something.Till then just wait and not speculate yet... It would be funny, if they find the plane in some remote country hijack and waiting for ransom. Let's wait and pray for the best.
Well, if an airplane can cause a skyscraper to collapse, I suppose it can also disappear.
Muslim, the religion of peace my asshandle. If I am wrong here come back and thumbs down. For now no thumbs down unless your a blind liberal.
Perhaps it was christian extremists who did it.
Samurai... I bet your balls will fall off when the truth comes out. Bookmark this story, and let's plan to meet back here when the truth comes out. I know.. you won't dare come back. Just like the other cowards in your "religion".
And what religion would that be?
Do you believe in killing for your religion?
The plane and passengers are all safe on the planet of Nebulon after accidentally flying into a worm hole.
Now available: Speculation, much. Facts, just about zero.
The family's of the terrorists should be hunted down and killed if that's what it was.
Two thing s come to mind; if it was terrorists usually they like to claim it if it was successful and if it was terrorists they may not claim it because it was a success and could use it again, both scenarios are plausible, however the second is something to be concerned about I would think.
Sorry, but IF this had been terrorist related at all, there would have been claims of responsibility by now. Just my opinion
What if there was a target on the plane someone was trying to eliminate, and they did not want the connection discovered? Maybe?
Why assassinate a person with out taking credit?? That very seldom happens. When a person is assassinated there is usually a reason and a reason that the killer wants to put out there. Normally that is.
Quote: Malaysia's state news agency quoted Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticizing border officials who let them through. " Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. Doing that is a no-no. It's racial or ethnic profiling! We can thank asinine groups like the ACLU; and other "pie in the sky" groups who share these type views.
The ACLU doesn't influence Malaysian immigration policy.
Was on this plane any important person that CIA was targeting?
Chuck Norris? I don't think so because he could jump out of that plane and escape,
They were targeting your fat mommy.
It had to be catastrophic incident at altitude which destroyed the aircraft instantly. The cause may never be known and conspiracy theories will speculate that it was a terrorist bomb. Its a tragedy and the families deserve to know what happen.
My guess is that North Korea shot that plane down! I am convinced! A North Korean missile narrowly missed a chinese plane last week! China issued a warning already, and once this information goes public….All hell
North Korea can hardly hit the ground with the missiles they have. This plane was 1000 miles south of N.Korea. If they could hit the plane from that range, we are all in trouble.
Official: Jet may have been hit by meteorite.
Australian news said the plane disappeared during the safest part of the flight and should have had more than enough time to send a distress signal.
Unless it disintegrated in mid air.
Ahmad, made a good case, Asian men do not have European looking faces, and any officials worth his salt would know this. Usually the name matches the face.
Yes, but radical muslim faces all look like horses rear ends.
The right wingtip that was destroyed on the ground in Shanghai when it struck an A340-600 was reattached with duct tape. When the wingtip separated at cruise speed/altitude it started a quick disintegration sequence. It is the rare flight in that area that does not have someone with a false passport - usually a hapless drug runner. So little is known, but we do know this craft had prior major damage ("repaired") - I don't believe in coincidences on this scale.
and is it your stance that people should take you seriously?
With a name like "AirmanSparky" how could we *not* take him seriously? LOL!
""I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday." Well, a lot of Italians look like Bin Laden brothers(I'm talking about unshaven faces, dirty appearance and dark hair) There're a lot of Muslims from Indonesia, Malaysia in Australia. Another point, it is very easy to put a new picture in a passport.
So this is the way its going to be from now on...a plane goes missing, yet all the nations of the world cannot find a trace...right..the only thing they know for sure is that it didn't arrive at its destination...right...its a sad thing but not that bad...right...they admit that there has been numerous attempts before but no details...right...al Qaeda is on the run...right...just go about your daily lives and we'll handle the rest...right.
The government is there to help them, just like the government is everywhere to help.
well boys and girls you have a unique situation here, Airspace is indicative of chaos opportunity and in all likelihood you and high level boys who needed to be out, if in fact the plane did not actually land somewhere else, and no wreckage. Advanced weaponry is obvious and no one will ever know the truth but a few. Sorry
My prayers go out to the families. The thing that so annoys me is the fact that they had the information right there in a computer and it was not put to use! What's the point then, look what's happened!! All this knowledge, and x-rays, bomb sniffing dogs, getting felt up before you board, yet they don't use stuff that's available. Those people would never have gotten on board had they checked the passports properly!!
MSNBC and Obama think the tea party is behind this as they were behind Benghazi, and the invasion of Crimea. Boy Ted Cruz is a mastermind ! Liberty and following the Constitution are foreign concepts to liberals
Malaysia is a Muslim nation, in case anyone was wondering what happened.
Is it possible they hijacked the plane and landed it somewhere to ransom the passengers?
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," This "Leader" doesn't have a clue how citizenship works and immigrants look. I guess only pure Malaysians exist in his little dream while the rest of the world is mixed nationalities and heritages. The "Faces" on the passport wasn't the problem, it was the failure to verify the validity of them.
In the (presumed) absence of a modern Interpol-integrated computer network, one would think that the rarity of the face-name combination would have been enough to warrant a phone call to run the numbers, at least.
Citizenship around the world is not the same as the US, do some research
@Michelle, I spent 21 years traveling around the world. You need to do some research. Every country has citizens of different races and nationalities, either through marriage or birth. You just showed your ignorance.
Boeing 777s don't disintegrate without help.
Obama and his Democrat demons are probably upset by this news. They desperately want to keep things calm and quiet so they can allow Iran to become nuclear without any interruptions.
Stunningly imbecilic post. You are a nitwit. Wow.
So... American spy satellites didn't pick up any signs of an explosion. They haven't found yet any debris whatsoever. No communication from the crew. No traces on radar other than some apparent intention on turning back... Hijacking sounds possible (and it would be great if everybody aboard is still alive), but... how about an UFO? I know, I know... but...
I know...it's no laughing matter about the UFO but I, too, wrote the following to a friend: "Ok, in this scenario, a UFO swooped down and scooped up the plane and put it in a chamber with atmospheric pressure that replicates Earth's air and pressure. They have been taken to another planet or solar system where they will be placed in such a chamber on the ground and studied to figure out why humans have managed to survive so long given how stupidly we act in destroying the very next in which we live." On a more serious note, I have found this story absolutely incredulous...given all our technology, intelligence (as in Interpol, FBI, CIA, etc) that this plane has apparently disappeared without a trace. Something doesn't ring true.
The metal on the plane disintegrated...now, where have I heard THAT one before?
Deepest sympathies to all the families who have lost their loved ones in this tragic situation.
Where is the black box and isn't it capable of withstanding a fall from such a height. Afterall, there is a terminal velocity for the debris for any size, mass and shape. Black boxes can withstand much and I'm assuming this one should have survived and should therefore be broadcasting a signal from somewhere. Am I right or am I wrong?
This thing plunged into the ocean; for some reason the pilot was not able to make a transmission. Disintegration at that elevation would have left debris on the surface so it had to have gone under.
It would be kinder to those aboard if it blew apart at altitude. In accidents like TWA 800 and the Challenger, it is believed some of the poor souls rode their crippled aircraft, possibly still awake.
The suspects might have checked in the baggage with a bomb, but they might not actually have been on board the plane and walked away.
If this was a terrorist attack what was it`s purpose? What good was accomplished? Unless they were discovered and were forced to end their plans with an explosion.
Well of course the Muslim government is going to blame anything but terrorism. In their opinion the 2 people who got on the plane with stolen passports were just honest Muslims who were forced by unknown western interest to steal passports and fly to China. They need to get their heads out of the sand and take responsibility for their lack of security.
At 30,000' there would be junk and bodies scattered for miles and be visible from the air. It went in the water intact, that is why there is NO bodies floating on the water, they are still in the plane.
Thre are no Asians in Austria or Italy? I mean this guy is a Minister?
If the plane is not down in the ocean, the second destination would be N.K.
Disintegrated , huh? I tell ya, The Borg will stop at nothing to prevent our First Contact. Who do these moron think they're talking to??
It's those Los ties I tell you. They were searching for the hatch on the island.
It got hijacked and the military shot it down.
Sounds suspicious to me. Two Asians with false stolen documents
Calling #$%$ Tracy!!!! Calling #$%$ Tracy!!!!
My hope is that this plane was diverted by an inside man (pilot or copilot) and is parked in a hangar somewhere. This plan has likely been in the works for more than two years (first stolen passport). Question is how will it play out?
Complacency. Maybe it tried to turn around. Maybe Asians posing as Italians and Austrians were on board. Maybe it disintegrated. Maybe there is a door afloat. Jesus Christ, don't we have technology to track an airplane. Or maybe the controllers were watching porn. I understand terrorism. I understand mechanical failure. I don't understand pilot suicide, but I accept it. What I don't understand is "all the kings horses and all the kings men" can not figure it out.
Since alot of the theories have no evidence yet, and they say the plane may have turned around, is it possible that the plane was diverted to land somewhere on land without anyone knowing? Maybe the pilot was in on it? Im just saying since no wreckage has turned up yet.
Home minister has a point. "Can't these immigration officials think?" I guess they have to be politically correct and can't question why an Asian would have an Italian or Austrian name.
Question, Did any o of the people on board use there cell phones or computers on the flight,If so is this been looked into.
Next time tell the hijackers not to turn off the transponders.
From what I understand the persons with false passports were going to be able to transfer to other destination's inside Chinas airport without going through customs. Maybe I am wrong. Anyway could they of been going to use explosives on another jet or more and somehow it did not work out causing early detonation for some reason.
Once the dust has settled it will be interesting to see who get's blamed for it.
Well if they found an oil slick, send down a submarine...
I have a question. This sticks out as odd to me. There were three American's on board. One adult male and two infants. Where are the infants parents and/or what nationality are they? Just alot of things don't make sense in this situation.
Not really odd, since his wife could be of a different nationality and would be travelling under a passport from her country of citizenship and their children (under the age of 18) could be travelling under US citizenship papers.Children under 18 yeard of age can travel under either parent's nationality if the parents are of two different national origins.
Ah I see. I wonder why nobody is talking about the American parents of the two infants then. The American parent was not on board this flight.
This is odd. No debris was found. No emergency was called in. There is only 2 things that could have happened. The plane was hijacked and taken elsewhere OR A huge vessel took it. And I don't mean of earth. The government should say more truth To what else is out there. Just my opinion.
Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi was quoted as saying "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces". This is common sense that would not be allowed in the United States because of the idiots pushing political correctness. It's time we stop being overly sensitive and start using common sense again.
Planes do not disintegrate in the air or when they crash into the ground, they break apart into large pieces.
All i gotta say about Humans, Were all very Dumb. Airplanes are much smarter than us. Only Technology know where the plane is. The investigators are thinking out of their butts not head jeez... It'll probably be like the Airfrance airplane where we couldn't find the plane.
You mean the plane that we found? On the ocean floor 12,500 to 13,100 ft down? (That's 2.4 miles under the waves). Oh yea, THEY FOUND THAT PLANE!!!
What the hell??? A huge Boeing 777 full of passengers just disappears into thin air??/ What a crock...they know what really happened and they're trying to spin it. My guess is terrorism, or the jet was fired upon by missiles.
It's a good thing your guess is worth less than used toilet paper. Just because your syphilitic addled mind can't accept that the world's governments aren't lying to you 24/7. I'm not saying this wasn't terrorism. I'm not saying it was. Until some proof is found either way, it's moronic to speculate. Besides, if it was a terrorist act, why has no one claimed responsibility yet?
Nobody blows up planes (except the U.S. government). The odds of it being 'terror' especially with no claim of responsibility are a million to one. People fly with fake passports all the time.
oh David up to your usual nonsense. You do it on very topic.
probably more like a billion to one.
I don't understand the ongoing focus about the stolen passports. Passports have always been a highly desirable to criminals for reasons other than terrorism. If someone has stolen a physical passport, the first thing they're going to do is modify it by replacing the photo. 99% of the time that someone needs to check the passport, they only verify that the photo in the passport matches its owner. It wouldn't surprise me to learn that most international flights have 1 or 2 passengers with bogus papers, yet we don't have flights disappearing in mid-flight.
Yes, but the odds of TWO stolen passports of two different countries, boarding the same plane... which in turn goes down with no explanation/distress call... and post 9/11... do you really have to ask why this will be a focus until resolved??
Beach4Me, both of the passports were stolen in Thailand.
I know plenty of Asian people with European surnames. That's certainly no indication of anything unusual
...and if it means saving hundreds of lives of innocent people, you can profile me racially all you want! I don't know why people are so sensitive to this, in light of recent events in our world.
@Reagan... right, which makes it all the more sketchy. I can see ONE criminal stealing someone's passport, but TWO? Sounds much more likely that something bigger was going on... two men ready to board a flight to nowhere... hmmm
Folks, 1000s of passports get stolen worldwide every year. They are sold to blackmarket forgers who then sell them to criminals or people just trying to flee their country for whatever reason. My guess is many international flights have a couple of people on them with forged documents. 99% of the time, customs officers do not check the information in the passport. They simply check that the photo matches the person holding it. It's quite easy for forgers to replace the photo in the passport, as well as all the other information printed on it. As for "people with European passports must look European" it doesn't work that way. There are a lot of legitimate reasons why you could have someone who looks Asian with a European passport, for instance. It is not the customs' officers' job to interrogate each and every person about their national and ethnic heritages. They simply check the photo, check for any appropriate visa(s) and that's about it. Finally, if you STILL think this was a terrorist act, then how come no terrorist organization has stepped forward to claim responsibility? What's the point in blowing up a plane unless folks know who to blame, and who to fear?
When they saw the door they should have grabbed it immediately. I don't understand why they let it continue to float away - obviously it won't be at the same spot when you come back later trying to find it.
how does a plane pick up a door?
The rescue planes and ships should be around the same spot, otherwise the effort is all wasted .
I wonder if what the Bible has to say about this? If man was intended to fly he would have grown wings?
Smells of terrorists to me. 2 stolen passports. Those poor peps. Hope at least there are some survivors.
Aren't there any Asian faces on Australians or Italians?
If that plane exploded midair, there would be s h i t floating all over the ocean where it presumably crashed.
If it exploded at 35,000ft, that s**t pile would be 50 miles long, Goober. Ever hear of Newton's first law? It even applies to exploding airplanes.
Hey putz, 'stupid' comes pretty naturally for you, doesn't it? Planes and ships have been searching for several days and not one remnant from the plane has been seen floating. None, zip, nada. To date, that puts a hole in the exploding plane theory.
The truth is we'll never know exactly what happened to this plane.
The plane quite literally disappeared. The Bermuda Triangle or LOST Island theories are the most sound at this point.
Sounds a lot like Lockerbie and another gas tank explosion. If it was terrorism then this is just proof even the unconstitutional NSA spying doesn't always stop this kind of thing.
Your type smell Benghazi in everything. Nothing to see here folks-just move along.
When it is all said and done we will find that it was terrorists. Most people don't know that the planes themselves have mayday calls and send information when there is a catastrophic failure. Complete engine failure is one such event where the plane's technology would alert to the ground what is happening before the pilots knoq or at the same time as the pilots. Another such catastrophic event would be a major electrical malfunction....again would send a signal to the ground....before or at the same time the pilot finds out. There are about 4-6 of these catastrophic events that are wired to send signals to the ground. (They have this so that the ground crew can be ready with ambulances, fire trucks.....etc.) Also, this technology is in place for instances where the plane is over a body of water...so that everyone knows what happened and one doesn't have to play guessing games. Usually the plane itself is an emergency beacon...these also can be found on life rafts for obvious reasons. For a plane to have so many systems fail on top of pilot silence. Statically for this to happen (and not be a terrorist with a bomb) is nearly impossible. It would be like every person aboard that plane winning the mega lottery. Just can not happen. My prayers go out to these families. I am not sure what is worse.....knowing what happened....or not knowing what happened.
It is totally disgusting how the media infringe on the friends and relatives grief at this time. The media is the most despicable of any form of humanity.
And yet here you are reading all about it.
I think it's time someone wakes up and requests a sub to search for the plane underwater.
Where do you think they should search?
A meteor, a kinetic weapons test gone wrong, a natural occurance we know nothing about, could it be terrorism or a mechanical failure? Likely its one the latter of the two but anything is still possible at this point. Its always best to leave the mind open until the information becomes clear.
It's 200 feet long and 200 feet wide. You would be able to see it, or large parts of it in 200 feet of water. An explosion would also explain no decent or distress call. Passports don't bother me as much as getting a bomb on a plane. And that's much more likely than a structural or electrical issue.
Did they crash on an unknown Island? Hope they watch out for the DHARMA Initiative, and Jacob and John Locke.
Um, why do they have to be Muslim if it were terrorism?
Ever heard of a Jew, Hindu, Buddhist, or Evangelical Christian blowing up planes??!!
Do you even know how many planes have been blown up by terrorists? Didn't think so.
The Malaysian Home Minister questions Asians with Euro passports? Come on, when I go through US Immigration as a returning American I notice that almost all the women with burkas are holding US passports.
Don't you know man?, Islamic anchor babies... they learned the trick from the Mexicans. This is old, old news in Europe.
But do their names match their birth nationalities or are they American sounding names? Luigi Maraldi who looks Asian should trigger a second glance, at least.
So to the anti-profiler people - 2 Iranian men with first names of "Luigi" and "Christopher"... oh yeah, they can pass, no problems... NOT!
Yesterday they said the 2 suspected using fake passports shown on video footage were white, and after the FBI assisted investigation, they're now Asian?
There is hope, the air plane is landing in the remote island on this route. Back on 1978, I was a Boat People tried to escape from Vietnam to Malaysia. There's a lot of small islands nobody live in there. Just Hope & Pray.
The plane is probably over the phantom zone, call the Fantastic Four. Maybe a big vortex opened and swallowed the plane.
If i found the plane,what will be my reward? Will they give me job? But this is just a mystery to me; how can such a huqe plane just disappeared off the world radar except it must either be hijacked or plunge into the deepest sea I have absolute faith in God that they will be found in 2days time. .mark my word
I work for boeing and if any plane is going to fall apart in mid air it's not going to be the triple 7.call baloney on that.blown up possibly but I just do not at all see it falling apart no matter how old( 777 came out in 1995).
It's hard to believe that none of the 239 passengers at least tried to send a text to someone. Isn't it possible to check their cell phones to see if any texts or call was attempted?
not really, an instantaneous, catastrophic event would preclude any contact
If the plane went into a suddenly dive to the ocean, they had no chance of getting their phones out of their pockets, let alone sending a text. Try doing that on the first drop the next time you ride a roller coaster. Now multiple that by 10 and you will know the g-force pressure they were experiencing if they were diving toward the ocean. They'd have passed out before they crashed.
Over an ocean, there are no cell phone towers. The only phones that would work in an area like that are satellite phones. Also, how would you check their cell phones anyway? You would need to find their cell phones first before you could check them.
Manbearpig, they would check the cellphone cos. Duh. This day and age of technology, they can check anything.
Goodness! Suddenly everyone becomes an aviation expert!
Was obliviously some sort of bomb.
Well I pray for a miracle and that these people are found safe. However, in the event of a more negative outcome, I pray that they find pieces of the plane OR SOMETHING, to give these poor family members some closure! Because the idea of a plane simple "disappearing" would drive me NUTS!
We can follow the every move of that little erector set buggy on Mars but we can't locate a huge jet in our own back yard. Maybe we should let NASA monitor air traffic.
This is an act of terrorism, and it has Kim-Jong Chunk-Face written all over it. I have been saying this whole time that N. Korea is responsible for this, and this story is further proving my suspicions correct.
Flight 19,,,,69 years and still hasn't been found, Amelia Earhart ,,,76 years and still hasn't been found 10 different Englishmen Flyers (1920 -1935) Still hasn't been found There are literally HUNDREDS of "vanishings" in aviation History " 'unprecedented mystery'" really? not even close to unprecedented
get your head out. reread the dates you just posted.
well LIAR I see you're math impaired as well
A bigfoot on the wing took the engine apart. A passenger saw it but they thought he was nuts.
This is very, very odd. If the plane had exploded, wouldn't one of America's many satellites seen (and photographed) the event since it was at night and a small flash would have been picked up? Hello? They say our spy cameras can see an object on the ground as small as a fingernail very clearly from outer space. So, the question is, why not an object the size of a plane?
Read an article on it, and even if American satellites designed to track ICBM launches based on heat signatures would pick it up, Americans can't really say anything because it would reveal their capabilities. Same with radars during WWII.
Yeah, once the jet fuel ignites, the plane just vaporizes. Ask VP Cheney.
Why would anyone assume that it was muslim terrorists again? Just because Malaysia is a Muslim country, which has had hundreds of Muslim terrorist attacks, including embassy bombings. And just because someone stole some passports and were ON THE PLANE that went missing. I’m sure those two were Obama’s class mates in Jakarta and are “peaceful” Muslim, passport thieves. And if they did do it. It was over a VIDEO, or because they lost out to Barry Sorano in that Quran recitation contest, and never got over it.
Why'd 3 Muslims thumb me down? Did they do it over a VIDEO? And that's why you thumbed me down? Or because I pointed out that Barry was so good at reciting the Quran while in Jakarta?
Still NOTHING, not one word from our resident community agitator with the splooched blue dress on.
Sounds like they are reaching for any answers.
I'm hoping beyond all hope that we don't have to listen to an Obama speech about this. OMG.
Thinking of the two stolen passports, and I understand that a couple more are being investigated, there is a theory that may not have been broached. Terrorists could have commandeered the plane quickly enough that the pilots/staff did not have time to make contact with radio. Remember that in 9/11 the terrorists included trained pilots as well. Perhaps the plane did NOT go down, but was hijacked to a place friendly to the terrorists without flying through airspace that is monitored. In such a case, in time the rest of the world will hear from the hijackers making certain demands. Such a takeover could be prevented by installing a sort of foot button that would immediately broadcast a signal, sort of like tellers may have behind their counters in a bank. This is all conjecture of course, but perhaps that theory is more palatable than an airplane at the bottom of the sea. At least there would be hope for the people.
If they had wanted demands, would they have blown the plane up? Do you know what leverage is??? The (foot pedals) are already there - thats where one of three distress spots is located...
@Sydney.. A lot has changed since 911. The flight deck doors are strengthened making such an attack as the 911 series next to (but not) impossible. Three weeks ago, an airliner was hijacked when the captain left to use the men's room, and the co-pilot took over the airplane. Big oops on that one. I agree with you, though, that hope is better than nothing. We can always hope….
That wouldn't explain the aircraft disappearing from radar. Unless someone was able to fly a 777 at 100ft for a couple hundred miles, it is safe to say the plane either crashed or exploded. Not trying to be negative, but it seems very likely that nobody survived.
I thought about that too, as I am sure a lot of people have. But I believe landing a plane that large would require a really long runway (meaning they just couldn't land at a tiny airstrip in some remote area) and you would think someone, somewhere, would have seen it and reported it via social media. Even in countries where social media is blocked, people figure out ways around it. Also, surely by now the hijackers would have come forth with demands, otherwise there is no point in taking hostages. As far as terrorism is concerned, usually terrorist groups claim responsibility but none have come forward (that I know of). Not that I'm an expert on any of this, but that's just my line of thinking. Who knows? The whole thing is quite bizarre.
Sydney, I totally agree with you, I put my own theory on here. But am agreeing with you.
Interesting point, I wonder if its possible to turn off the TACAN, radios, beacons, etc and it not show up on radar, I doubt it, but don't know. I would think the air ports radar would still see the plane even it totally lost power...maybe some pilot or ATC knows.
Malaysia is not only a muslim country but also a corrupt country. All you have to do is give someone money at the airport to bypass security and you can take anything with you on the plane.
Last time I checked passports don't explode, the more serious security breach was how did the explosives get on board?
Alllright!! Now we know what we're up against. Is there anybody on board who didn't have fish for dinner?
And the stupid people in the US complain about screening. Security can fondle my balls for an hour if it makes the plane safe. The US should have planes with and without screening. The unscreened planes will be escorted by F-16s of course. What would they b***** about then? I bet my life if mid-eastern persons, wearing lovely towels, boarded the plane even the most liberal of liberals would get right off.
"Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," They're not allowed to profile. More of the libs and their 'Muslims are just misunderstood' attitude.
Unless Lois Lerner was on board and Hillary or some Muslim with a funny name purchased the ticket for her, this was no accident… If you catch my drift….
We just heard from our local (Malaysian) radio that one of the passenger's family member try to call the passenger's mobile phone and the phone was on! the only problem is there's nobody pick up. So it was highly unlikely that the plane explode or it was in the sea because there was no way the phone still active! SO THERE'S STILL HOPE! we sincerely hope they all are ok.
maybe the passenger left his/her phone at home.
How many planes really crashed on 9-11? Anything is possible here.
Is it Possible that the airplane fly to the outer space(if something wrong happen to the plane---it goes upward??)? If so, have NASA or any regarded authorities ever think of this possibility? Have they tried to observe or search through the outer space? If an airplane can fly to outer space and that was during night, I think it will be more difficult to search for airplane as the airplane will be malfunction in space and fly to somewhere with the high speed in space. From recent news, the phone calling to the passenger on the airplane is still function but just no people replying...So,that's why I think the airplane is not in the sea but in outer space...However, this is just my assumption for the question "where the airplane is going to?" as it is still a mystery for now...If anybody believe what I said is reasonable and please help me to contact the regard authorities about this,as i have no idea how to contact them...Thank you...
Planes need air to fly, Einstein.
Commercial Airplanes can't fly into space, their engines aren't designed for it, they need oxygen to burn fuel, you need a rocket engine to move through space! Most likely what would happen is the plane would get to high, the engines would shut off and it would fall back into the atmosphere.
"Air"planes need air to fly. They cannot fly into space. Air is needed to give lift and to feed the jet engines.
I mean the momentum bring the airplane out there while passing atmosphere...is it possible?
...............NO!!! Boeing 777 top speed = mach .775. Escape velocity from the surface of the earth is about mach 34. yes 34 times the speed of sound. terrible idea.
Leave this guy alone, he may be searching for people he may know hence his name. I work in aviation #$%$, and aircraft are not built to fly out of space. They are designed specifically to fly at flight levels within the inner atmosphere of the earth (35,000 to 40,000 for fuel efficiency). Special aircraft developed for research purposes have the propensity to reach the out limits of the earths atmosphere still limiting the capability to reach space. It's basically up to search and rescue teams now. Hope that helps.
Let's say there is some kind of "undercurrent" at the atmosphere that sucks the plane out of the atmosphere,do u think it's possible? or you may say I should ask the physicists or experts?
It's not possible sir, not with any idea you may think of. Impossible.
Ok,thanks all for the comments...Anyway it is just my thought,no offense,no any other purpose, but just wan to find out something possible that may help...let's keep praying for the MH370...
Yes, let's all pray for the families to be comforted.
With the lack of border security here, this is the future of the U.S. under this regime. Prayers to all those who have suffered from the unbelievable disappearance of this jet.
When something like this happens, we realize, for a little while, that technical advancements are not as great as we think they are. The experts really don't know where all the planes are. Lucky we have good pilots to keep them up until they get close to a airport. I hope this time they find out what happened, for the family and friends, peace of mind.
sheer conjecture; but what if they tried to take over the plane and the passengers tried to stop them? There are reports they tried to turn around, maybe they tried preventing another 9/11 and one of them had a bomb or something.
If the plane disintegrated, it did NOT do so at a high altitude - if the oil slick found came from that plane. Also, the plane disappeared from the radar halfway across the Gulf of Thailand, but that oil slick was found less than 100 miles off the coast of Vietnam. So, this does not look like a case where the airplane just blew up suddenly.
Michael. Yes, that is more likely than spontaneous disintegration, which would not have left any oil slicks to find - and the debris would be all over a very large area. Also, how did the airplane travel from midway across the Gulf of Thailand to where the Vietnamese found the oil slicks, less than 100 miles from the mainland of Vietnam?
Michael. Yes, it looks similar to the Air France crash of 2009 in many ways - and that was NOT related to any terrorism. However, it took investigators 2 years to recover the 'black boxes' in that case. I hope this one doesn't take so long.
Where did the "mid-air disintegration" theory come from? If the two people with false passports were involved, then why did they book further flights on to Europe? If the oil slicks found are from the plane, then it didn't go down very quickly, because it made it virtually all the way across the Gulf of Thailand, to within less than 100 miles from the coast of Vietnam.
Sorry China. Hope you find those responsible and take action.
I wonder: Where are the spy satellites that can see the time on your wristwatch? Are they recording while looking down that area? Let's go to the video tape!
Give it some time, it is a big ocean area. The Air France that went down in the Atlantic took almost a week to find debris.
Taiwan has admitted today that it did receive a specific warning of imminent attacks on China's airport. That occurred on the 4th. Question now is what did Taiwan do with that information, if anything?
duh! As if people in Italy and Australia can't have Asian faces. What they need to focus on is spotting any explosives more effectively. If this was in fact a terrorist attack, then somehow someone was able to bring explosives on the plane. And that is what they need to pay attention to
Wonder if its possible to 'sense' blood with electronics same way sharks do that...
you should return back.THAT'S A BIG A&& OCEAN AND ALTHOUGH IT'S A LOT OF PEOPLE..QUICKLY DILUTED.
That's were drone networks can help. Everything organic leaves traces.
Nothing but speculation going on so I'll add some: The US and several other nations fly numerous information gathering flights in the South China Sea. They fly high, without transponders or running lights, and certainly do not check in with air traffic controllers. The US military has been accused of shadowing commercial flights with their spy planes in order to sneak in closer to China than Chinese air defense would otherwise allow. Could it have been a mid-air collision? Sure. Will we ever hear about it? that's a different question.
Take it easy there Mulder. Give it a few days and see what turns up. I feel its to soon to be jumping into the " government cover-up" camp. If nothing turns up, Ill be more inclined to agree with you. I don't see a plane of that size disappearing without ANY remnants what so ever.
Or it could have been another US sub practicing an anti aircraft mission like when they shot down the TWA flight off our East Coast…….or it…….
Doubt that but who knows...Maybe aliens zapped it...Time will tell
More likely it was an alien abduction...there I added my own equally adsurd theory!
Sailor, So they sneak in behind these planes so they are undetected. How do they get back out without an drafting partner? Just how do these spy planes fly so close to the commercial airplane that it only shows up as one blip on a screen?So we could fly a bunch of planes bump drafting each other and the enemy would only suspect one planes? The other thing is they were less then half way to Vietnam,that is hardly getting close to China.
More likely a concentrated moron ray zapped out of your skull and fried their electronics. It takes a world class idiot though for that to happen.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. They can, but the PC police would have been all over them for racial profiling. Don't want to use common sense or else you'll get crucified for it.
Perhaps the flight met up with Amelia Earhart in the Twilight Zone. Seriously, though, I am not too optimistic about this at all. Lord have mercy and grant peace upon the families and friends of those onboard.
But He did give man the right to choose his actions. If this was deliberate, it was through the choice that was given to the one(s) involved.
Well, the 'Time Lord' did not, but THE Lord did.
THE Lord gave man the right to choose - free will. Who is theis "Time Lord" you refer to?
First, it is "Smeg Off", so do it. Second, I am talking about Christ. I am unfamiliar with "Time Lord" so I was not aware of the references you were making. And there is only one Lord.
A 777 can not disintegrate without leaving bits and pieces scattered all over a huge area. Period.
I don't care what plane it is no plane just "disintegrates". Unless blown out the sky by a rocket. If you believe this BS story then you truly are a moron and need to be back slapped for being an idiot. I bet a UFO intercepted this thing. They cant even confirm that the oil slicks on the ocean were even from this plane. No airliner just disappears without a trace. This even happened to an airliner over Peru mountains years ago and wreckage is just now reappearing and the wreckage wasn't there.
Yep, Zinzo, you're onto something here....Probably the Illuminati, huh?
Jet streams in peru tore many planes apart.
Check out crash pictures. They can turn into a field of confetti. Failure at high altitude can have a similar result. Depends on what happened.
I been to KL airport 6 times and, I would have to believe its not a very secure airport. A lot of flights, like Air Asia, you have to walk the tarmac a good distance without anybody watching what anybody does along the route to and from the plane and the airport. And there were other issues, that it would make it easy to get past security.
Is it Possible that the airplane fly to the outer space(if something wrong happen to the plane---it goes upward??)? If so, have NASA or any regarded authorities ever think of this possibility? Have they tried to observe or search through the outer space? If an airplane can fly to outer space and that was during night, I think it will be more difficult to search for airplane as the airplane will be malfunction in space and fly to somewhere with the high speed in space. From recent news, the phone calling to the passenger on the airplane is still function but just no people replying...So,that's why I think the airplane is not in the sea but in outer space...However, this is just my assumption for the question "where the airplane is going to?" as it is still a mystery for now...If anybody believe what I said is reasonable and please help me to contact the regard authorities about this,as i have no idea how to contact them...Thank you...
No...a plane can't fly into outer space.
yeah maybe it was E.T. trying to get home !!!!!!!
Not possible. To go up oxygen is needed to burnburn that fuel.
#$%$, do your parents know you are using the computer by yourself?
If the aircraft did turn back without reporting so to air traffic or other agencies it sounds like terrorism to me.
So OK I'll say it; Why don't we as an extra safety measure put an altitude auto deployed chute in the backs of all seats? I mean shoot if daredevil nut jobs can jump voluntarily off mountains in wing suits why not at least a base jumping chute in each seat? Naturally bigger chutes in first class but hey...
Why not just take a satellite picture of the suspected area on a clear day and have it analyzed?
Malaysia's state news agency quoted Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the two passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticized the border officials who let them through. "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. Sounds like he's advocating "racial profiling"???....Can't do that in America, the Liberals would have a fit!
HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX!
there has to be some kind of debris out there. have they found a beeper signal from the recorders yet??? they are water activated and should have been set off.....
water activated, oh my god, this isn't cocoa dude.
China IS BIG COWARD they know Muslims blow up this plane but tell Malaysia to keep quiet about it They ( China) are afraid to protect their citizens ..35 Chinese were stabbed to death last week by Muslims but again china does nothing...cowards AT LEAST AMERICA DID SOMETHING TO PROTECT ITS CITIZENS
Take it easy....if they were to mention that they looked Asian but had Austrian and Italian passports, I'm sure it would cause some kind of race or equal rights issue. Oh wait, this didn't happen in the U.S. So I'm sure nothing would have been made of it. I don't think there is a Jesse Jackson Al Sharpton equivalent overseas.
Austrian and Italian passports but Asian faces. "Can't these immigration officials think?" asked the Malaysian Home Minister. Well, that might have saved 250 lives but it would have been "profiling". When are we going to wake up?.
That's not profiling. It's called common sense and doing your job to be alert to things that don't add up.
Profiling people whose passports don't match the faces? I don't understand what you are suggesting.
777-200ER I see the number 777 everywhere. Known to be a holy number.
It could have been shot down, high jacked and forced down or a bomb exploded on it?! The choices are endless but the results the same.
How does a big plane like that just disappear? I don't get it.
So if they got blown up into body pieces I am sure the sharks already by now ate them. They already been served for dinner. R.I.P to their souls.
I hope the company will pay soon huge compensation for the families - even if the 'evaporated' plane would be sitll a mystery, and there will be no body to prove any death... The Immigration Desk work is really frightful!
Somebody at Boeing knows something about this model. Just monitor...yeah, that's it. Meetings in dark, shadowy places already going on.
as an american, i listen to the great things our space program and military can do. the great satellite capabilities. hummmm. they keep spending money but it seems they really cannot do much of anything. where is the plane. don't know. it seems like we still use 1960 technology but talk about having star wars stuff.
Why is everybody crying racism about the "perturbed" comment? He's 100% right. Italy and Austria are not exactly the melting pot that America is. When I think of a Italian or Austrian citizens I think of a white person. I have never heard of an Asian guy named Luigi.
My prayer go out to each family that lost family aboard this airline. i ask that everyone do this and ask your churches to pray for these family that lost their love one. its been along time since the plane disappeared i pray that they find sometype orf prove as to where the plane went down so the familys can have some closer. god bless each of you. remenber God wil take care of you
We already know the "what", now its just the "who" and the "why". Given the facts reported, there is no doubt this was a massive bombing that could take out a 777 completely. This was no "shoe bomb", but at minimum couple large carry-ons that would have to be positioned at strategic points in the plane, or as check'in (one large bomb). Remembering that no communications at all were heard and the plane disappeared totally from radar at 35,000 feet. To destroy a 777 to a point it cannot be detected by radar has to be a total catastrophic explosion. Most jump to terrorism, but if that is the case, why has no one claimed responsibility days after? Typically, anything terrorist, they jump up and claim responsibility to advance their agendas immediately. So if this was a terrorist act, it is strange no sect is jumping to claim its success. Now the focus should be on the passengers. Who were they and what were they involved in. Did any have huge life insurance policies taken out over the last 1-2 years (this is not unheard of and has happened before), or other passenger(s) involved in governmental dealings, drugs, etc. And someone obviously wanted to make sure there was total destruction, for whatever reasons, which leads me to suspect a very determined, if not professional setup. This part is still very wide open and almost anything is possible. Again, thoughts and prayers to all the family and friends of those affected by this horrible tragedy and may the passengers and crew RIP.
This is terrorism. likely the Uighurs, plain and simple. Mark my words.
@ Veritas Not familiar with that group (which does not mean anything, since I am not knowledgable about most terrorist groups), but would be curious...why would they have not already claimed responsibility? (serious question) And what is that groups motives and agenda. I understand that this portion can be literally anyone, so any good input is most welcome.
The Uighurs are a Muslim group living in southwest China who have clashed with the Chinese government over the right to establish an independent Muslim state. Most recently they knife-attacked Chinese citizens in a railroad station that left 22 people dead. They are a vicious people, aligned with child killers from the Caucasus region. All of them are religious fanatics with zero concern over terrorizing their perceived enemies under the cover of the teachings of Mohammed. They all need to be wiped off the face of the earth. The Boston Marathon bombers are loosely affiliated through the Caucasus region to the Uighurs and, in fact, I recall a Uighur was arrested for hiding evidence from the younger Dzhokareev bomber's dorm room. There are lots of them in the U.S. on educational visas, likely forming terror cells as we speak.
@ Veritas Thanks for that info! I had heard about the knife stabbings, but they never listed a group or even a reason when I heard the report. The only other question I would have is why would that group not be standing up and claiming the responsibility? That is the only way to promote their agenda, as would for any terrorist group.
There's no evidence it wasn't attacked either. Nevertheless and just in case, Obama has already apologized to the terrorists and blamed that film no one has ever seen.
It is good to hear this official say it like it is.. "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," It's sad but in the United States the PC police would be out in force crying discrimination. Hard to imagine this was not terrorism.. very sad.
A classic case of UFO abduction.
No evidence they claim , 2 boarded the plain with stolen passports and paid in cash for the tickets,What more do you need ?What they were trying to hide?
All the propoganda about the stolen passorts is to coverup the fact that some entity is using some area 51 kinda technology like a deathray and that airliner just happens to be the unlucky ones they tested it on,Any naieve ney sayers are sadly mistaken because the technology has been around for awhile,Any other mishap and they find the blackbox in short order,They cant even find a trace!Same sort of thing happened with TWA flight 800 They just got the techology even more advanced so as to disentegrate the target!
Wow Scott. Looks like you foiled their evil plans. And they would have gotten away with them if it hadn't been for people like you.
American media lately? obamamedia? this stands out as a thing, so pointed at. anyone here remember whats been happening to americans over the past 6 yrs? 9/11 was just a warm-up, noticed? very sorry for these victims of idiots, they lived a few thoughts while they were judged by others.
Overhead spy satellites also saw two birds on the water trying to mate. On closer inspection, could see that both were males.
This is getting more stranger all the time. Planes don't just disappear, well yes they do we have the Devils Triangle
Malaysia is in Canada right? P.S. Why is this news? A bunch of useless people have died, I call that a win.
In 30 years the passengers will be returned, and they won't have aged a day.
Looks like we are sending a destroyer to the area....that will facilitate listening/searching for the ELT (a device on all commercial A/C, in addition to the "black boxes"). Its a homing device that activates on impact to aid search teams looking for wreckage, if its on land and reasonably unobstructed a satellite will p/u the signal, amplify and relay the transmission to receivers listening. If the wreck is submerged they will probably need sonar to find/track.
It takes months and in some cases years to find aircraft that went down in the water. Especially if weather was rough.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. #$%$? People of Asian ethnicity can't be from any other country?
They didn't have Asian faces. That's bs. They were Islamic.
Because there are no Asian Muslims, right Don?
It was the ghost of Bin Laden. I feel bad for the families. Not only have they lost loved ones but they are going to have to deal the the media circus for the next few years until they figured out what happened. Their pain is going to be dragged out for a long time, all in the name of "entertainment."
This is such a tragic event and one that all air passengers dread to ever happen. I can't understand where the plane disappeared to. Is it possibly in tact at the bottom of the ocean? Did no one see anything from the ground? I am so terribly sorry for all the families involved. I hope that they find something soon so that these poor people can get some answers.
asians are notorious for cutting corners and not giving a #$%$ about anything. look at how most of their countries have terrible pollution, crumbling buildings, and a terrible work ethic. some, but definitely not all, don't like to openly question or criticize. and to be fair - we don't know if the stolen passports were of white men or asian men that were living in europe and had citizenship there. to be sure, all asians look the same anyway so who could tell one from the other. these aren't american asians that are very smart and hard working - these are the real thing.
So my free app on my iphone can locate my car along the highway to a margin of error of 10 feet or so but we lose a multi million dollar airplane with redundant systems after redundant systems? I am just a ignorant civil engineer but this sounds hinky to me.
When is the terrorist organization going to step forward? What's the point in killing people for a cause but never revealing what your cause it?
That's the interesting thing, but it could be a Boston Marathon bomber situation.
Could have broken up due to mechanical causes??? BS, that has never happened and the likely hood of that is NIL!! These "officials" are morons...
You have no idea what you're talking about. There is a myriad of causes which could have created this disaster.
You can bet with two muslin pilots and several passengers with fake Id's on bored and a Jet that disintegrates that high in the air that something blew it apart. My guess is someone had a bomb on the plane, if not more than one bomb. Suppose someone, or several someones, wanted to see Alla?
So they want you to believe with all of the advanced technology today they don't know what happened. I remember in the 1980's when a Korean airliner disappeared the NSA THEN had a tape of the conversation a Russian pilot had before shooting it down. They aren't telling the truth. The NSA can read and listen to every conversation and e-mail and they have no idea what happened here. NO WAY
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. This sounds like an on going problem that just came to light because of this tragedy. You can't racial profile here people. That would be too smart of a thing to do.
your being fed #$%$ stop eating it you dumb #$%$
I am strongly suggest people to take the plan which is made in Europe than USA, why? All of USA money is used for war, no much left for American manufacture industry and i could not see anything would be change in next 20 years
I Hate things like this in life but if it's any consolation at all to the surviving Families... at least if the plane diintegrated at 35,000 feet, they're Loved ones did as well and didn't suffer in any way much less even know of their fate... it would be Quyick and Sudden... i still HATE things like this!
Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," To bad it is Illegal in the USA to Racially Profile
That is not racial profiling. And it's not illegal. Don't embarrass yourself by opening your mouth.
Ah but it would be considered racial profiling , to look at a persons name and then their face is racial profiling ! It is Illegal to racial profile in the USA
Here is the information I would like to see published: (1) Where on flight MH370 were the four questionable passengers seated?? (2) Five passengers did not board the MH370, and their luggage was removed. Where were these passengers going to be seated??? (3) Dollar to Doughnuts, the answer to questions (1) & (2)......Aisle Seats.
What do you think happened to the plane, Godzilla grabbed it out of the air and ate it? That is easier to believe than a terrorist attack according to most of this news agencies.
I bet it didn't crash. It's probably in the hands of terrorists who are preparing it for a terror atack. I sure hope that isn't the case. But it's a possibility.
That would be a scary possibility...but I doubt it. Other countries would have picked up the plane on their radars had the plane been hijacked and rerouted...but who knows, everything is possible at this point.
why is everyone saying that the fact they looked asian should have raised red flags? Is it not possible for an asian to be from italy or austria? they could have been adopted or have interacial parents. The fact that the passports were stolen two years ago and they did not catch it was kind of strange.
"40 millions missing lost stolen passports" means SOMEBODIES ARE MAKING ALOT OF MONEY BY SELLING THEIR PASSPORTS TO HIGHEST BIDDER.. and they declare lost or stolen or missing... so criminals has no problem to get a passport and travel from one country to next as long as they got money..
Muslim terrorist. Definition = someone who will sucker punch you, then run and hide around women and children for protection.
All commercial planes should mandatorily broadcast their GPS positions real time, and anyone should be able to check on a publicly accessible website. I know there is no such thing today. Regulators and politicians, make new rules now. Entrepreneurs, this is your chance to save the world and to make money.
From a technical standpoint, there is absolutely no reason why that couldn't be done right now. It should be mandatory on any aircraft that crosses large bodies of water.
What about large tracts of unoccupied land ?
Which would be a boon to terrorists world wide.
Muslim terrorists went to a muslim country and boarded a muslim-owned airliner to commit this act. Time to sweep that baby under the perennial flying carpet, eh?
Good to see all the conspiracy brothers and racists have been keeping themselves limber for the next tragedy.
I think the checking guy with the passport comment is an idiot. There are first, second, third and fourth generation immigrants in every part of the world. Who would ever think to give there kids a common name for the area they live in. Hopefully there isn't an Asian looking "Billy" "John" "Tim" in the US because he is not gonna get on a plane anytime soon without a rectal exam. Blinds leading the blinds, that's why we still don't know.
I bet His Last Name was Pelosi or Reid
Knew there would be at least one PC comment here.
I personally think it had something to do with terrorists why were 4 people allowed on that plane with fake passports. Something they are hiding here.
You believe Angelina Jolie named her adopted asian son "Maddox Jolie-Pitt". The nerve. He ain't even white. Just saying.
BTW I am sorry for the 237 families and crew on board. It had to be difficult whichever way it happened. To know they were leaving loved ones behind. I hope they didn't suffer
Are you a confirmed IDIOT? Those two passports were STOLEN sometime ago!!!
Lagaver...what the OP is pointing out is that just because someone has an Asian face but an Italian passport doesn't necessarily mean the Asian isn't an Italian citizen.
So if they check the passport in what ever system they use and it doesn't come back stolen, you blame the guy checking the passport because the name doesn't match the face? Okay. Now I get it. Sure.
All the technology we supposedly have and you lose a plane? Really? Seems like there should be a recording of every flight in the world. Maybe it was shot down by accident and someone is covering it up? You can zoom in on my patio furniture. How in the world can you not keep track or know where the last known radar blip was. It should be automatic.
- "disintegrated in mid-air", well if thats so, there R tons of debis will spread out in very wide areas because the plane was on high altitude but none were found even a floating cushion seat. I think somehow the plane goto nose-dive and the cockpit is a main communication section was exploded ?. Just a thought
disintegrated?,maybe,big maybe.i do not think so,fuel oil slicks miles long and wide,one large piece of door debris,i think those pilots turned and tried to land on the water,just not enough of a debris field from crashing or disintegrating.that aircraft is intact mostly on the bottom of the sea floor,speculating myself.
"Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces." Because apparently people of Asian decent can't possibly be living in anywhere but Asia, right?
Don't put "its official" and then "may have" declaring this in the title, #$%$ u yahoo.
Australian space junk laser. Still working out the targeting bugs.
Sorry to say, it's sounding more & more like terrorism every day.
Even if it broke up in flight or blew up from an explosion they would still find things. "Disintegrated" is not an appropriate title here.
They don't remember what these passengers using the stolen passports "looked like"....why the charade? Arabs, Westerners, Eastern Europeans, Middle Easterners or Latins could pass for that. Uigurs, while having some European features, would not pass for Italian or Austrian.....The fact is they don't have photos, and the border officials weren't paying attention. It is VERY unlikely that a bomber who "looked" Asian would have used a stolen European passport.
There are plenty of Asian people in America; why couldn't they be from Italy or Austria?
Asians do not look like US one bit. It takes generations to make them pass for US.
Italians are Latins, ever hears of the Roman Empire in Italy, Latins do not come from South America, they TOOK the term Latins because they do not like to be called Hispanics, Hispanics are people who speak Spanish
""I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. Asian faces, huh? It appears that the ACLU (Asian Civil Liberties Union) should step in with a massive lawsuit....Profiling, ya know?
777 doesn't just disintegrate in mid air. If it disintegrated, something made it do so.
Disintegrated huh ! HOW DOES A DISINTEGRATED JET LEAVE AN OIL SLICK ON THE OCEAN ?? more coverup of paranormal circumstances.. WHEN IS THE WORLD GOING TO GROW UP and wake up!
The scenario of a hijacking and landing somewhere in SE Asia has to still be on the table. After 3 days sill no idea if it crashed, let alone where it is.
"Asked about the possibility of an explosion, such as a bomb, the source said there was no evidence yet of foul play and that the aircraft could have broken up due to mechanical causes." -No evidence yet of foul play........ only 2 total strangers on the same flight with stolen passports.
Disintegration is deadly. My Blow-up once disintegration/exploded upon my entry ... and this was on the roof of my dorm building ( 45 feet above ground) Can you imagine if something disintegrated @ 35,000 feet ? Any-who it took a team (5) of Goodyear Rubber Specialist 120 days to reenact, reinvent and reestablish the events of the catastrophe in my case.
Yep, like I had said before, to many thumbs down, an Asian with an Austrian passport and no one noticed a thing? What is the point of airline safety when those hired don't care about their jobs and the safety of the flying public. Now to hear that these passengers made a scene and they were STILL allowed on board? Yeah, the plane came apart, from a BOMB.
I think the most surprising aspect of this whole story is that Yahoo! has an article that has nothing to do with gay marriage or Obama.
you see what you want to see.
Or Global Warming. Now...wait a minute...may be GW had to do with the accident!
But you have to inject it into the story just to be sure it's there, right?
Another Bermuda triangle? They say the man does look like an Asian. Do you know how many nationalities there are in Asian? There must be at least 50 in China alone. Mr Ali, an Iranian, is not a terrorist? Nobody looks like a terrorist.
Stolen passports are used every day. And, this sounds like a hijack situation to me. Otherwise, there would certainly be plane debris floating in the ocean. We can only hope that this plane will turn up in another country and all the passengers will be freed.
I'm not going to say it was aliens, but it was aliens.
There are no aliens...aliens are actually demons flying around.
Wouldn't a few of the passengers have sent texts or called someone if they had time? Remember the calls from the aircrafts during 9/11?
You really think there is cell signal at 31,000 feet and between Malaysia and Vietnam.
I would think there could be. Also, what about the transponder?
This article is BULL Shxt and everybody now's it. It was a terrorist attack PERIOD
Reminder Bill....when John F. Kennedy Jrs. plane went down...they were unable to find that plane for days either..and they knew the flight plan.
It obviously was a powerful bomb because the Black Box could survive the armagaddeon just not a powerful bomb.
I'm glad no Yahoo commenters are running this investigation since most of you have already decided it's foul play and have begun blaming others. LOL Some people like to wait for more facts.
Okay, so we have the transponder, the black box, hundreds of cell phones, satellites, radar, and hundreds of other tracking devices, no one knows where this plane is? I think someone isn't telling the whole story.
Is it possible that the aircraft went further up (beyond stratosphere) and not down?
So high it went out of the gravity field ?
Nope. Engines would go out before it got that high causing the plane to come crashing down.
Radar showed the plane turned back without any communication from the pilot before it disappeared. Perhaps it was hijacked and the hijackers flew the plane too low for radar to detect and landed it somewhere flat other than a major airport?
The space shuttle breaks up and pieces are found. Granted it is made of different materials but much debris was found. Point being: disintegration to the degree that no tail piece or aileron or chair is found is implausible. Those small drones with metal detectors attached have a job here. Drone boats can scan 24/7.
Tragic. I hope they find something so the family members can rest. I Wonder if you can disable the tracking device and whether the plane was hijacked and taken to another country. Possible flying below radar,. Prayer to the families.
Tracking radar is controlled by each individual ground based radar facility, not the aircraft. And there's no such thing as 'flying below radar'. Radar is 'line of sight', so it's POSSIBLE to be under the sight line of a distant radar, but if it's located on a hill top (which most in Vietnam are), you can forget about avoiding it. I used to be able to adjust gain and intensity and pick up islands at 200 miles on my APS-95 search radar. Sandy is correct. With the fuel floating on the ocean, the furthest they got was the bottom of the sea. I was a radar operator in the Air Force.
There is a possibility that the is was a terror attack. Possibly carried out by some of the radical Muslim terrorists that Ronald Reagan invited to lunch at the White House. If so Obama will hunt down anyone who helped plan it and kill them with drone strikes.
Ovomit is still a pathalogical lying, inept, unqualified loser.
I agree Beth I wish it was 2008 again....750000 jobs lost per month , 1 trillion to banks , no WMDS and a stock market crash.....
I agree with the Muslim Vince for a CHANGE.... Having to watch as the first Socialist ever elected and we immediately start losing 750,000 jobs a month, and then get to watch Obonehead supporters say "YES WE CAN, VOTE OURSELVES OUT OF A JOB". As Oblamer gives his billionaire buddies their kickbacks and dumbocrats their pink slips. Sounds like this Muslim is still BITTER that Bill Clinton invented that "LIE" about your first hero named Hussein? Maybe instead of whining about how Kurds are genetically predisposed to keeling over in mass, and that Saddam "PROVIDED" your terrorist group with them, or say he gave them to Assad, so that you don't have to whine that he LIED? BAHAHAHAA
No the U.S. was losing 810,000 jobs a month under Bush and the annual budget deficit was $1.4 trillion and now under Obama we are gaining 100,000's of jobs every month and the annual budget deficit has been cut in half. You should get your facts straight and then you'll thank Obama for saving this country.
I am flabbergasted and literary confused how a massive plane could just completely disintegrate mid-flight. If extraterrestrial were involved, there is no way shape or form will we be able to see or hear even a shred of information.
Not to mention, the blackbox suppose to be undestructable.
Maybe it crashed into the swampland in south end of Vietnam.
dennis, maybe yourhead was burried in the south end.
I am not prejudice. But I do not step on airplane with pilots name Ahmad or Hussein .. The last thing I want to hear is pilots of the airplane announcing Allahu Akba on loud speakers in midair.
You are prejudiced, but relax. I don't trust rattlesnakes either.
So you have a problem with them thinking god is great?
sorry but no bad weather and a excellent Jet with a good flying record does not disintegrate mid air like that.
its just hard for sheep to understand it but yeah #$%$ happens get over it. it was just mechanical
Of course the new s media says it is still way safer than driving your automobile!... and your chances of winning the lottery are as much as getting struck by lightning!...hey new media! ..tell that to the one whom won the lottery or to the famiies with lost loved ones now! ! !
No, being hit by lightning is a much greater possibility than winning the Power Ball lottery. Stats don't lie. Tonghit in Tucson the news reported the 8th car accident fatality, saying that # was already more than all of last year. Whom is not correct in your last sentence. You think you're so smart. Learn when to use who & whom why don't you, fool.
Couldn't they have turned off the transponder ? Drop below a certain cruising altitude? And hi Jacked the plane to land in another country. Oil Slick could have been a diversion .If so it worked really well. Maybe by some Miracle they will find them all alive somewhere . Praying real hard that this one has a happy ending.
The transponder is in a place inaccessible from the inside of the plane.
Thanks for explaining Stuart . David you are so stupid . Grow up.
WOW David lookie there they did turn the Transponder off and then flew for hundreds of miles HMMMMMMMMM yup I must be mental .
HMMMMMMMMMMM Seems like a woman isn't so STUPID after all gentlemen . Maybe you should both go back to the drawing board .
"The Boeing 777 has one of the best safety records of any commercial aircraft in service. Its only previous fatal crash came on July 6 last year when Asiana Airlines flight 214 struck a seawall on landing in San Francisco, killing three people." Why doesn't our illustrious media identify this as pilot error and not try to imply that there was something wrong with the plane. Disclaimer, I do not work in the airline industry.
They have to find and investigate before they can determine what happened. One can not state what happened with out evidence.
The plane was probably stolen and the passengers were probably off loaded and put in some mass grave somewhere or burned alive in giant ovens. There was probably some scientist or government official on board some nation wanted to exploit or kill. Everyone else was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. Bad luck. The families that lost their closest members, their brothers, sisters, mothers, daughters, fathers, and sons. They were of no consequence to the perpetrators because they view them to be nothing but peasants and slaves. We can't really accurately attach blame to any one nation, since so many are in cahoots. So many have so much to gain, by forcing their population to lose.
Quit drinking the water and stop watching the mind-numbing tube.
Marty, If you think an entire plane can just disintegrate you must be high. Which is ironic, considering your comment.
I pray for the innocent souls that are in these unthinkable tragedy, my condolence to the family.
Not a big guess on who did this. We (the world) have let them get away with a lot of (s)hit the time is now.. to completely bring the World together to disassemble Al-Qaeda. All they do is hurt the World and they have no certain target, just randomly selecting the World, (not just Americans) its time to stop!!!! (P)isses me off innocent die, while they live, and continue to harm every region!!!! The entire World is a bunch of (p)ussies to let this continue!!!!
Well as a Vet I had to do a lot of things I didn't want to do, It was an order. But at this point its time to kill that entire damn Country!!!!
It's obviously the Chinese government who did something with the jet and is covering it up.
God bless the families of the passengers for enduring the tragedy. You will have closure. To address a plane exploding in mid air...no bomb of any size smuggled onto a plane like this would vaporize the planes structural components. There are always parts, and a lot of man made plastic materials float. I would have to speculate that the plane went into the sea nose first.
Who were the three Americans? Don't they have names? For God sakes whatever happened to news reporting? Maybe someone wanted one of them dead.
The three Americans were Mulder, Scully, and the Marlboro man.
It would make a great movie to have the plane abducted by extraterrestrials.
I haven't seen many alien conspiracy theories yet.... Maybe they were simply swallowed up by a larger vessel, unseen by our primitive radar and are currently all be probed by little green men... That would be cool !!!
Take a look at the guy who is the CEO of Malaysian Airlines. If he doesn't look extraterrastial I don't know what would. Note his enormous ears, obviously capable of picking up ultra high frequency signals from another civilization or even another dimension.
Has anyone mentioned the possibility of an alien abduction?
Not saying it was aliens...But it was aliens.
I'm holding out hope that the jet passed through a tear in the space-time continuum and landed in a dune in Kitty Hawk, NC a little over 110 years ago...
good, they will now have a chance to affect the 08 election cycle.
If it were terrorist. Terrorist normally want some kind of recognition. They don't normally blow something up without getting know for what they are going to do or some sort of message claiming they did this on behalf of there god or belief.
I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying. - In America this would be racial profiling. We are paralized by our Idiocy.
Did anyone else see what the Malaysian Minister said? Italian and Austrian passports, with ASIAN FACES????? I guess the government officials can PROFILE people but if a civilian or cop in the US does it, it's against a persons rights????? What's it gonna be. Profile or NOT profile? Somewhere, we need to start looking under the sheets, and robes, and beards, and burkas, and towels!
"Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces" Ummmm .... we live in a politically correct world and that would be profiling. The immigration officials are not paid to think. Thinking is bad.
My wife is Asian but has a US passport. Also two of the US citizens on the plane had Chinese names, so the comment about asian faces with european (implying must be white) passports is racist nonsense.
This was a test run for how to blow up a plane in mid-air. They found a weak spot, exploited it and took care of what they were trying to do. Just an opinion but it's what I believe.
fergodssake, I thought 'racial profiling' ban was limited to the US. If I'm the version of TSA that they have and I see a person with an epicanthel fold, whose passport name is Marco Sanaducci (et al)n I detain that person. right the eff now!!!!!
The plane landed in Costa Rica. All passengers are fine and having cocktails by the ocean. They are busy making sure their life insurance beneficiaries forward their 'shares' to the off shore accounts, as they snorkel, horseback, zip line, and work part time in the coffee and pineapple plantations. They all wish to be left alone and say 'Pura Vida' to all!
This is not the right event to be making jokes about.
These idiots make jokes because they have a cow brain.
I love the cliche phrases my thoughts and prayers, my condolences etc. etc.
Or my heart goes out to....
how do u know its all bS? ya prob dont even have a heart to go out to anyone, if ya did, ya sure wouldnt be trolling the comment section on a thread where a lot of people have possibly lost their lives talking #$%$!
get over yourself mary you are a liar, you don't even know them yet you say what you are programmed to say. those phases have about as much meaning as i'll keep your resume on file.
The wild theories of a "sudden catastrophic failure or explosion" are both contradicted by other evidence that the plane either made it across the Gulf of Thailand - e.g.: the oil slicks; no such thing was ever detected by satellites; or the plane may have turned back. Likewise, the other wild theories of fake-passport terrorists, are discredited by the fact that those two people - whoever they were - bought further tickets on to Europe. It looks like it's just an airplane accident - and those are usually just a combination of pilot error and minor equipment failure.
and usually terrorists groups of all kinds are celebrating, claiming victory and responsibility...no reports. then again, our media is told what to report
Have any terrorist groups taken responsibility?
The reason those people had connecting flights is because with European passports the Chinese government does not require visas once they arrive in Beijing. So they basically were only allowed to board that flight if they had a connecting flight to a European country. Also, just because a terrorist group didn't claim responsibility does not mean they weren't responsible. Bin Laden didn't claim responsibility for 9/11 until 3 or 4 days later. Sometimes nobody claims responsibility, look at the Boston bombing. There are too many unusual signs that point towards terrorism.
The two purchased their tickets together with cash (Thai Baht) at a travel agency in Phuket. Phuket is a hotbed for Muslim extremists. Their motivation for purchasing tickets for flights connecting through to Europe may have been to avoid the Chinese visa requirement which, would have required additional scrutinization of their passports and alerted authorities. China has a 72 hour visa waiver rule for passengers the have tickets for continuing flights. These are telltale signs that these two were up to no good. Remember, the 911 terrorists all purchased one way tickets with cash. Two passengers with fake passports who purchased their tickets with cash should have been a red flag. Seriously, who purchases tickets with cash? Also, apparently the FBI quickly jumped into the investigation and Interpol is saying there were other passengers with suspect documentation. Something is up here guys!
SDNative. An explanation owing to terrorism would be too convenient. Then, we could just pin down the label to something evil and not have to worry about real airplane safety and pilot training.
JLM. It's not difficult to get a Chinese visa at their embassy, if you just pay the money for it. Those two people could have been wanting to enter Europe as illegal immigrants. Terrorism does not explain the mid-air failure; because no explosion was detected by satellites and an oil slick has been found across the other side of the Gulf of Thailand.
Scott. Why are you also assuming it is so difficult to get a Chinese visa. Chinese regularly turn down Israeli or Jewish visa applications, but they are not - on the whole - against Muslims, since they have a sizeable Muslim population inside their own country. A lot of people purchase tickets with cash; especially, in and to countries that make it difficult to use credit cards.
@Eleatic Stranger You're kidding right? I am currently in China right now and it was NOT easy to get a visa! I had to provide an address of everywhere I am staying, a formal invitation from a Chinese resident which the embassy checks, a copy of my itinerary, a written explanation of what I was planning on doing once I was in China etc. I have been to 14 different countries on 3 different continents and China has been the most difficult country to enter by far. You don't even want to know the extensive searches and security measures in Beijing. In fact, I am 95% sure that there is no way those guys would've got a Chinese visa with stolen passports.
JLM. It depends where you apply from and what you are planning to do there. I assume you are staying in China long-term and not simply a tourist visiting the Great Wall for a couple of days. There are package tours for a few days - the usual way of traveling in Asia - and they are processed on a group visa system - and they include hotel details processed as a group.
The point is, why would a terrorist 'explanation' be plausible? It's just the kind of sensationalism that the media loves, but it's not a realistic explanation for why airplane accidents happen; except in very special cases. No satellites detected any explosions in that area and it looks like the airplane made it across the Gulf of Thailand. It looks like the standard - pilot error plus minor equipment failure.
@Eleatic Stranger That doesn't change the fact that Chinese embassies are thorough in how they let people into their country. There are too many red flags to take terrorism off of the table especially with this happening only one week after the terrorist attack at the Kunming train station. Also, the FBI doesn't get involved unless there is reasonable suspicion.
JLM. Neither the Air India bombing in 1985, nor the Lockerbie air disaster in 1988, used a passenger suicide bomber - they were both remote timer bombs. That means, this does not fit the pattern of a terrorist attack; unless they are now doing something very new. The more probable explanation - like the Air France crash in 2009 - is that it was simply a case of pilot and technology failing to work together well.
@Eleatic Stranger Nobody thought the 9/11 hijackers would crash planes into buildings either but it happened. Also, the shoe bomber and underwear bomber were both suicide bombers on planes. Their attempts were unsuccessful but that doesn't mean somebody didn't finally get it right. The mystery is why no distress call? Why did the plane try to turn around? Who are the 2 people with stolen passports and who are the other 2 people officials are investigating? Too many unanswered questions to rule out terrorism.
JLM. Okay, I will give you the possibility that it could be a terrorist attack - of a new and more determined kind. I just feel - having started out in my working life as an airplane reliability engineer - that the usual, more common-sense explanation is more probable. Nearly all accidents happen because we can never eliminate either human or machine failures and when we get them happening together, that's when bad things go wrong.
Eleatic Stranger, please do put words in my mouth. I stated, "...purchasing tickets for flights connecting through to Europe may have been to avoid the Chinese visa requirement which, would have required additional scrutinization of their passports and alerted authorities." Regardless of how difficult it is to obtain a Chinese visa, it's a risk that they would have preferred to avoid. So, you have already eliminated in your mind anyway, any chance that the disappearance may be related to foul play, possibly an act of terrorism or a hijacking? In that case, we can all take some comfort I knowing that you are not in any way involved in this investigation. The truth is that at this point, we don't know what happened and probably won't know for quite awhile but, we do know that in two prior occurrences where an airline suddenly disappeared from radar in a similar fashion, terrorism was the cause and the planes were completely destroyed. What do you think the likelihood would be of a failure so catastrophic and sudden that the pilots were not able to even get out a distress signal. Yes, it's possible but, extremely unlikely. Remember, the 777 had a perfect record until last July when a pilot botched the landing at SFO. Still, amazingly, the plane held together and only 3 people died, sadly. I travel abroad 2 or 3 times a year and have flown nearly half a million miles and I always try to fly the 777 transatlantic. It's the best and most comfortable plane in the sky. And, really, statements like this, "...but they are not - on the whole - against Muslims, since they have a sizeable Muslim population inside their own country. A lot of people purchase tickets with cash...", make you appear rather naïve. What percentage of the flying public, do you suppose purchases their tickets with cash. I know for a fact, that U.S. airlines screen for cash purchases, especially for one-way tickets. And, I'm no expert on China but, their government has been cracking down on religion for centuries and is not very tolerant of Muslims. Finally, I believe JLM 2010 is correct that obtaining a Chinese visa is not unlike it is in Russia, a very involved process and you must register your visa in each city or province you visit.
Scott. We are agreed that we don't know what happened, yet. So, what is the default case, the neutral base reference? Not that terrorists did it, because that is just wild speculation - but that it was a standard airplane accident and that we should follow the usual rules for such accidents, first of all. That means, it was probably a combination of pilot error plus equipment failure, as in the catastrophic Air France crash of 2009 - which was not linked to any terrorism. That crash was very similar - no distress signal; suddenly disappeared from radar; no immediate clues about what went wrong; etc.
Well OK then. Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi, is quoted as saying, "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," Now, can we put the racial profiling BS to rest?
been through malaysian customs many times in the last 15 years and one thing remains the same..legargic officers that seem more concerned with when their next break is than being diligent. After all, they are asked to wear a button with a smile on it to remind them to be nice. I am not surprised that they were asleep at the switch
I want to think positive but I know it won't work.
hey handsome...I could make you think positive ;)
Which finally puts alien abduction on the table. Why now? Events in Ukraine clearly indicate the world on the cusp of massive destruction, since the superpowers fighting over territory have nuclear weapons. This is some alien life's way of gaining attention to itself and to exert some control over our obsessive self-destructive tendencies.
Been two days now... Mysteriously disappeared - I'm thing David did it - Blaine or Copperfield
How these Fake passports could get a Chinese Visa and from which Chinese consulate ? They check you Chinese visa before you enter the flight at boarding gate.
You don't need a Chinese visa if you're traveling on EU passports.
Wrong - you don't need a Chinese Visa if you're not staying in China. The two mystery passengers had tickets to continue on to Europe.
FTA: "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. /endquote In this day and age of globalization and open borders, it is racist and xenophobic to assume that a European name must be accompanied by a European face. Why are Malaysians so racist?
I'd consider it stolen until found..I'd also consider it landed on something..otherwise it's a terrible tragedy. God bless.
If someone blew up the plane, how come no one has taken credit? If you are a terrorist, what is the point in blowing up a plane unless you tell people so they will be terrified of you. If no wreckage is found, people could start saying it was an alien abduction or plane malfunction so as a terrorist effort, it was useless.
unless it was a sucide bombing, by someone who just wanted to die and take many others with them
Well it could be a test and they are planning on doing it somewhere else on a bigger scale
Because it was a trial run and they don't want the attention on themselves yet. There was a plan to take down 13 airliners in the past where they took down 1 as a trial run and they didn't claim it. Some security expert was just talking about it on CNN.
I think there would be debris if it was blown up
Jaesun...maybe it wasn't blown up and just hijacked and crashed it..?
What would be the purpose to just crash it into the water ?
Suicide and the same as blowing it up without having to smuggle explosives on board.
That was the first logical theory I came up with was the pilot had to be in on it someway according to the jet info on TV the jet sends status reports to home base if it malfunctions
Sounds like a bomb. But why is the U.S. spending money to search for another country's plane? I mean, countries don't normally search for other countries' planes, do they?
this is an american built aircraft, it's for the economy stupid, oh and for the children.
Honey - Actually, yes. When there is an emergency, all countries with assets available participate in the search.
Obviously alien abduction. Not the first time either.
Malaysian Airliner probably landed in Beijing but in parallel world.
My question is if review from US satellites could spot an explosion, why cant they spot the plane?
That Malaysian flight could have suffered from the same problem that Air France flight had with the air speed readings being wrong.. Maybe the tail fell off... If you also remember De havilland comet's we're known to disintegrate in the air. "Hull Loss ???" Planes do suffer metal fatigue after being up in the air and coming down so many times "pressurisation". Just two oil slicks and a door found so far...
Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," sure, try SALVADOREANS WITH AMERICAN PASSPORT... ARE THE WORST...
It is very unfortunate, but I think the writing is on the wall: Uighir Islamic Jihadists from the Western regions of China retaliating against China's government for cracking down on their civil unrest. 2 Islamic Jihadists hiding in a country with high Asian Muslim populations like Indonesia and slipping through Malaysia with fake passports isn't inconceivable at all. Time will tell... and prayers of deep condolences to the families of the lost.
this is ridiculous! I think they know exactly what happened to the airplane!....I know it was terrorist attack !!....and you mean to tell me with all the tech out there u cant find parts of the plane?. BS! look harder its out there , when the challenger exployed there was many pcs including large stuff! get out there and keep looking!
I have always thought this aircraft disintegrated in a massive explosion. And at 35,000 feet, the debris would be nothing.
If it disintegrated at 35,000 there would be pieces of debris and bodies on the ocean surface.
Load up Google Earth, find your local airport. I don't know how high reconnaissance aircraft usually flies, but for our exercise, place yourself about a mile above. See the airliners at the terminals? Small, but easy to see. Imagine one of those in a thousand pieces and spread out over hundreds of miles of ocean; and most of it has already sunk. Now find the remainder among the undulations of the ocean surface.
Guns don't kill planes - terrorists using stolen passports kill planes.
Malaysia has an incompetant government; their officials are promoted due to their ethnicity (Malays) and nepotism. Now since most victims are Chinese (some Chinise Americans too), Malaysia should let China handle the search and investigation. China has a good public safety apparatus.
What you described is the incompetence of Ballbag HUSSEIN Obysmal
Is that a joke? It's like saying that the US should handle search and invistigation in China because it has a better public safety apparatus, whatever that means, and China is well known for its corruption.
Every government in the world has nepotism and is corrupt to some extent.
Profiling is necessary and sharing information between countries regarding lost or stolen passports should be mandatory. Enough is enough, I don't care if people feel like they are being profiled, if they're innocent it won't matter!!!
at 35,000 feet there would still be debris also there would have been no oil slick that concentrated in such a small area the two stories can not coincide and the fact that no debris has been found is a key factor. a suitcase something a wing anything but there has been nothing.
God is going to tell me tonight where that plane is and please believe me what He will tell me will not be funny--not at all--O'but for the power of prayer!!AMEN!
Gravity would certainly have brought this jet down every logical mind is agreed there I assume so had it been blown up in the clear black night, logically it would have been brighter than the stars, brighter than the Aurora Borleis, brighter than a streaking coment for 100s of miles yet there isn't a single eye witness, so alas, the logical conclusion is that it was pilot suicide.
You're assuming and leaving out variables.
I remember a movie where the passenger jet went down in the ocean and sank. The best technology of the 1970s was used to locate and rescue the passengers. Here we are in 2014 and we can't even locate it. Or so it's being reported.
Go crawl back into your VCR.
I don't undrestand, why aren't satellites used to scan the area, and even the deep sea.
This event is becoming more of a circus by the minute. Little evidence? Is there a cover-up happening here? "It MAY be a door floating on the water?" Either it is or ISN"T. Now the ridiculous claim of it may have disintegrated. Do you people know the density of a modern turbofan engine. Think of all those photos of crashes in the past. The black boxes survive and so do the engines among other parts of the structure. Not to forget about all the pieces of MANY sizes created from the impact. The flotation devices should surface. Over two days and nothing. Smells governmental influence here.
it could be a large suitcase, but how can they know unless they actually get it?
I believe you are right CVG11, when you get more than one government involvedthe truth may never come out, If it was an explosion then there would be maetal parts scattered everywhere! The have the equippment to do the searching, so lts get started!
in all of these forums, no one is making mention of a wormhole, or alien abduction. these are the only scenarios that make any sense in the wake of this incident.
check mr. slaves ass (south park reference for you geezers)
Disintegrated ? Really ? As if the 2-hour epoxy that held it together just came apart ? Lots of things float in a water crash, massive debris fields on a ground crash. A successful water touchdown leaves float time for emergency exit. Disintegration is from an alien blaster ray.
WOULD THAT EXPLAIN THE SUPPOSSEDLY TURN BACK OF THE PLANE? WHAT LOCATION IS CLOSE TO THAT, AND SYMPATHETIC TO THE TERRORISTS ?
How does a place 'disintegrate' in the air? It's not a meteor... there will be sizeable pieces on the ocean bottom somewhere.
So, you can pretty much do anything and blame it on terrorists...
We can prevent all such tragedies if we'll just pray they don't happen. Everyone on their knees. "Dear (insert name of preferred Supreme Being), please don't allow or make bad things happen in the future. TYVM!" Then, we can turn our attention to Hollywood Stars and their musk.
I see a distraction story to distract from the real news.
Very disconcerting at this point with no evidence of any kind by so many methods used to find or see something. Could there be a UFO involvement?
I bet James Bond could figure this all out, if there actually was a James Bond!
Sounds like someone is testing a new weapon or it WAS an alien abduction. The "Official" story, once again, makes absolutely no sense. I don't know where they come up with these ridiculous explanations but however it happened.......my heart goes out to those who lost their lives and those left who have to pick up the pieces of their former lives. This is just horrible.
They probably went to the island. LOST
Weird, we're able to track the flight of a golf ball at the WGC flying at 100ft from our satellite imagery, but a superliner aircraft at 35,000ft can't be found? The statements are too carefully composed and release of potential wings problems at Boeing (2 yr old story by the way) coincides with the loss of this aircraft.
Asian guy named Luigi? Anyone finds that not believable?
There are so many mixed marriages today that you can't question everybody!! Besides, all the a holes would complain about racial profiling!!!
See baby sometimes things just dissaper, an airplane, money from our bank account, my wedding ring...
Perhaps agents Mulder and Scully should be called out of retirement for this one.
As a human being and one who cares about others, I extend an apology for the other heartless humans whom comments easily identify themselves.
Disintegrated...vaporized?? Well, there is a new laser weapon out there... am sure someone would like to test it on a live target not really caring what or who... happened twice before, Hiroshima and Nagasaki...just sayin'
This is not something really Stupid to over look, but it could be that a flying Saucer over the ocean could somehow have intercepted the Aircraft with a force unknown to man leaving no trace and I have not been Drinking but I have been -Thinking
" the aircraft could have broken up due to mechanical causes" um... no. modern jet aircraft don't spontaneously disintegrate at cruising altitude and fall out of the sky. the 777 in particular has one of the best safety records of any current airliner. if this airplane came down in pieces, it had help. i'd bet the farm those stolen passports were used by Muslim terrorists who are an ongoing problem in Malaysia...
Boulderhole: Uh, hmmm. Ever hear of metal fatigue and microscopic cracks ? Well, technically, thats not a "spontaneous" disintegration, I suppose. But its just as possible as all the nut cases screaming "terrorists!!"
Therefore people such as you both should not speculate. There should be debris regardless.
@Boulderhole - Especially now that we know there were more than 2 people on board with stolen passports. What would the statistics be of that happening?
Unless the aircraft left the atmosphere and went to orbit and then disintegrated when it reentered atmosphere. I guess i can only speculate also.
No it did not. We saw the door floating in the water. Enough of this already. Photo evidence!
Hey MEDIA!! Get back to us AFTER they find the wreckage & determine the cause!! I for one am tired of you wasting everyones time! Speculation is just that- NOTHINGNESS!! - Somebodies OPINION without ANY facts to back it up! Everyone has an imagination. your so called 'Experts' who know no more then anyone else opinions are worth as much as anyone elses!
It's becoming pretty obvious that this was a classic alien abduction. It has all the characteristics with the absence of any explosions visible by satellite and the absence of any debris, I would consider the case closed.
Why don't we ask Amelia Earhart what happened?
#$%$! Obama knows what happened. The U.S. has satellites looking down everywhere over Asia. But Obama will never admit there was an attack on his watch, especially with elections in about 6 months.
you #$%$ republitards blame obama for everything that happens around the world you sick fks are going to learn a lesson in 16 when hillary beats your rectums morons
"Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces?" Obviously it is Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi who has a problem thinking of Ethnicity it seems. He must think that there are no Italian's or Austrian's with any Asian backgrounds in their family histories!
Obviously there are Italian and Austrian citizens with Asian backgrounds, including 2nd (and so on) generation ones with Italian and Austrian first names. There are probably a handful of Asian Italians & Austrians who for reasons of marriage & adoption would have Italian and Austrian last names... But it's also a very rare thing, and security staff would be incredibly stupid to ignore two relatively rare incidents occurring on the same flight. It was a lapse of judgment…or laziness…or a bribe, who knows. But it wasn't good security work.
I initially had the same reaction you did, but it turns out they didn't give a full quote there, to his credit. The names on the passports - Christian and Luigi - were pretty mismatched for someone of Asian descent. It doesn't make it impossible, but it probably should have raised an eyebrow, especially if they were traveling together. He also wanted to know if the photos were even remotely a match for the bearers.
The Plane is NOT under water, relatives of the passengers have been able to call their cellphones but no answer if the plane was under water the cell phones would not be able to ring as they would be broken by water. Never give up hope.
If the plane made a decent landing but in a wrong way it likely sank and you won't find it. Disintegrated from chemicals? #$%$ not the whole plane. The planes that landed full speed into solid ground left traces.
UFO? In Ukraine appeared a gigantic cylindrical UFO...
The 777 had some engine design troubles. If the plane attempt to turn around, mostly it was noticed by the crew. Unfortunately if the engine did fail and somehow the fuel system was compromised the aircraft would detonate- obliterating the aircraft. I think they find the nose section, and some tail wing parts soon.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. Its 2014, I have Austrian friends with Asian faces, its not that out of the ordinary this day in age.
I was thinking the same thing. I've met many Asians with white names, and a few white people with Asian names. I guess he doesn't get out a lot.
In other words, they do not have a damn clue about what happened! This is about the tenth article from the media that sis 100% speculation. How about gathering the facts and writing an article AFTER you actually know something!
Why won't anyone print ridiculous theories. The fact that there is nothing floating around means the plane did not come apart in e air. Why not use logic and stop finding excuses why the plane can't be found. Please try and print facts and leave the crazy headlines out of this accident.
Or that they haven't found the pieces yet, especially if the plane did turn back.
I'm just waiting for some stupid doctor to posit the theory that obesity may be linked to the plane coming down prematurely.
What if, what if, the plane was taken off course, under the radar , (being hijacked), and landed somewhere and everyone is safe. Just my speculation on the whole event... Like a James Bond movie, mountain opens up, plane lands, mountain closes... Just wishing & praying for a miracle.
Foremost it is just a tragedy! I have a simple question that I haven't seen raised. Could not someone have gotten into the cockpit and turned off the transponder making it disappear from radar? Maybe the 777's have other transmission devices that show this didn't happen, but in older aircraft, turning off the transponder was the simplest way to make a plane disappear.
There are a ton of negative comments on here concerning journalists doing their jobs. There are complaints of pics being taken of grieving people....TRUE. On the other hand, a picture is worth a thousand words...and if not for the journalists we wouldn't know what was going on. A lot of the times, we hear the truth prior to the officials coming out. NO...I'm not a journalist. lol..just my thoughts.
Taking pictures and videos of the grieving family and friends when they should be given privacy is NOT journalism...it is just disgusting.
Even if the plane was hit by a SAM or a bomb went off, it wouldn't be disintegrated. Something is really not right here.
Im still hoping all the passengers alive! I pray to God Almighty, He is Good.
God has nothing to do with the tragedy.
Newest - No plane parts found, oil sent for analysis.
And I wouldn't be all that surprised if the oil slick showed no relation to the jet.
Government officials form all countries with airline service talk about how good their TSA's ( or there versions ) are but in reality there for show in tell to make passengers think there safe. Like the title to the rock group WHO song. Eminence Front.
I bet Obama's Sign Language Guy from Mandela's Memorial can tell us where this jet went.
What is Jet lost in 'unprecedented mystery'? Conceal the truth .. Some of Southeast Asian countries become very actively for the island dispute against China. And now their own, the crash of crisis management or co-ordinate search and rescue is confusing. They may wait for U.S. experts to help with the aftermath.
It could have been hijacked a flown to the Antarctica until it ran out of fuel. Pax could be alive and freezing.
Italian and Austrian passports from individuals with Asian faces? Ever hear of being born overseas and qualifying for that country's passport by birthright?
It doesn't work that way in every country
It works that way in Italy and Austria.
I keep saying this was not a terrorist attack. If it were, the terrorists would have been bragging about it already. And no, they did not change directions either. That would show on the radars. The plane disintegrated immediately, for some reason. The pilots were not able to send any distress signals.
Where is the satellite imaging of the area? An explosion at 35,000 feet would be visible to satellites, especially since we are told our license plates are readable! Much to-do about passports seems to be a smoke screen. . . .
Satellites do not cover the entire planet. They cover the interesting spots like liscence plates and of course there are weather satellites who observe large swatches of atmosphere but a tiny explosion of a jetliner would probably not be visible from that perspective. The possibility that it was hijacked and flown UNDER the radar to a secret predetermined location would be the ultimate coup for a terrorist group because 239 deaths are nothing compared to what they could do with an airliner as a delivery device. I am not talking about just diving into a building but disguising it as a regular airliner and delivering a stolen nuke or dirty bomb or even a chemical or biological device. They went to a lot of trouble and planning to steal passports years earlier. An additional phase of destruction much greater than the crashing of a plane would be much more attention getting.
They just don't want to admit what many people fear. We are not alone in this planet or universe and we as humans do NOT call the shots. We are mere cattle to the ETs. Wake up everyone! This is either an inside govt ploy to start WWIII with Iran,China, and Russia or this is simply another ET abduction for studies.
Tell us, were you ever abducted by ETs? Did they take a sample of your brain tissue, or simply take the whole organ?
How have you accessed this information, have you been contacted?
@BarryWhite: LOL you are a funny crackhead but loved your comment btw! And the answer is no to both.
@Whoomp: You came close to Barry, but Barry was funnier.
this has hostile aliens written all over it... let's see them cover this up
How is it that there is nothing floating in the ocean visible by search aircraft if it broke up in the air. I mean there is NOTHING FLOATING from that plane..
It took 5 days to find debris from the Air France plane that crashed in the Atlantic in 2009. The Gulf of Thailand is 120,000 square miles.
I thought they spotted a door.
They also spotted fuel slicks. I think saying 'there is nothing floating' is a bit over the top.
I know exactly what happened. The Right Wing failed, causing death, destruction and pollution, as usual.
The plane flew right into the 4th dimension just like the one on the twilight zone did. It will appear again but hundreds of years from now
Wow, brilliant theory. Would the same thing happen to a bullet flying into your head?
It had to have been a bomb, it took off from a Muslim nation where terrorists are everywhere and disintegrated at 35,0000 feet. This airframe (777) was one of the most reliable aircraft ever produced and does not disintegrate at 35,000 feet without something causing it that wasn't intended (i.e. Bomb). Islam is a cancer that needs to be eradicated!
Guaranteed this was terrorism and the FBI already knows who they are.
If someone detonated a bomb- there still would be time for a radio call. The entire plane would not explode and would have crashed with a concentration of debris. This is very, very strange. Terrorists usually record a video before blowing something up and then claim responsibility for it. I don't believe it was terrorists or a mid-air break up.
Are you a moron? 35,000 feet the plane would be buh bye instantly
James- a small bomb can't shatter an entire airframe. Not to mention you'd find a huge debris trail.
I'm not very compassionate to begin with but why am I less sympathetic to those crying people wearing head gear?
It must have been work place violence, right Obama?
WE FLY ABOUT 30-50K MILES PER YEAR. WE R RETIRED. MOSTLY FOR VACATIONS AND VISITING FAMILY. WE ARE AT PIECE AND ACCEPT IF WE LSE OUR LIVES FLYING. ADDITIONALLY, IF HIJACKERS WERE EVER ON OUR FLIGHT, I WOULD DO MY BEST TO APPREHEND AND KILL. WORST CASE, HIJACKERS BALLS WILL B IN MY HAND OR HIS EAR WILL B IN MY MOUTH, OR JUGULAR IN MY HAND, WHEN THEY SHOOT ME. JUST SAYIN......
We can all type like tough guys, but when the scenario actually happens its different. Are you going to try to fight several hijackers?
Very odd. There should be a least a dozen overlapping satellites from China, Australia, and US (previous system when they had the two largest bases in the area in the Philippines, Subic Naval and Clark Airbase) to detect the normal fight and/or an explosion which should have given some kind of heat signal in a very cold layer of the atmosphere.
I've researched this. There is actually a lot of Islamic terror in Malaysia. It's highly suspect that the perpetrators had "Asian faces." It's more likely the media is reporting a rumor or a bad source for propaganda purposes to take the focus off of Islam, to stave off incitement against Islam after these types of events, you know, the usual. The terrorists were most likely directing their attack against the Malaysian govt via the Malaysian aircraft rather than it really being against the Chinese people who were on it.
What this article was referring to about the Asian faces is the stolen passports were of people from Italy and Austria. I don't think you will find many Austrians or Italians with Asian faces.
There's a lot of US/Israeli terror too. Libya, Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, etc. Why are you so quick to blame Muslims? Ask yourself - why doesn't the so-called Islamic terror ever attack Israel or the USA? Those who are educated in physics and aeronautics do not believe the official fairy tale physics of 911 the bogeyman is under the bed. Ron Paul was right when he said the greatest threat to the US was in Washington. The real questions regarding this tragic flight that are not being asked will not soon be answered. Who has the money and expertise to develop and carry out such things? Fanatics in mud huts you think?
This story makes me so mad. As the article stated Italian & Austrian's do NOT look like Asians! If they did that in the USA , Barak Hussein Obama & other obvious figures of state would want them defended & call it racial profiling! Just like the Boston bombers, they just slipped through the cracks! So sad for the families of those who were lost.
With the disappearance of the plane and the oil slick found shortly thereafter, there is little doubt that the plane went down in the sea. Parts from the wreckage will show up in due time. Terrorism is the only logical explanation since there was zero contact from the pilots. The FBI should come up with leads rather quickly.
or it may just as well have been captured by aliens. This sort of speculation is bad journalism.
Two Chinaricans with white guys passports boarded the plane, five others checked bags, yet never boarded the plane......so is our resident Muslim interloper willing to come before God, America, the world and say it was an act of terrorism, yet? Or did the plane just spontaneously disintegrate because the in flight movie was that anti Mohammed video?
Unfortunately by next week, this will be old news. People will stop talking about it, and the plane can take its place alongside Amelia Earhart.
The terrorist have been defeated: I'm sure the true story is that the government does not want the public to know what happened, just like the flight that left NY where there was sightings, reported by kids in the dunes of something being shot from shore or a boat. People have been told not to speak, I feel so sorry for the family's of these people. They will never know
I wonder if the passengers would have still gotten onto the plane with as much gusto knowing the pilots' last names were Shah and Hamid. .
if it's a foreign flight, chances are the last names aren't Johnson and smith.
Does anybody think the jetliner's disappearance is caused by huge solar flares that might have impacted on communications signals travel? As harmful radiation from a flare cannot pass through Earth's atmosphere to physically affect humans on the ground. However, when intense enough, flares can disturb the atmosphere in the layer where GPS and communications signals travel.
How does that explain no debris ?
Two things make it highly unlikely that this was an act of a terrorist group; no one has taken credit for bringing the plane down (and one could even expect one or more groups to falsely claim responsibility) and terrorists would bring it down over a populated, preferably heavily populated, area, not in the middle of an ocean. The people traveling under stolen passports? Could, indeed, be terrorists...or intelligent agents of any number of countries. Or could simply be people who, for whatever reason, were simply prohibited from leaving the country of origin or entering the country of their final destination.A
Maybe the bomb went off prematurely?
Eh. Hijacking planes and turning them into missiles wasn't the norm. Terrorists blowing it up is more likely.
The war on terror is over, therefore this did not happen.
At this point I wonder if the plane even crashed or if a couple weeks from now we might get video footage of all these people being held hostage by a terrorist organization who hijacked the plane a flew it across their borders.
If it is found that those two people with stolen passports were responsible for downing the plane, Malaysia Airlines and the Kuala Lumpur Airport will be sued into bankruptcy. Either this was terrorism with the plane exploding or the terrorists driving the plane straight into the sea. Or, in the best case scenario at this point, the terrorists flew the plane to an unknown destination in the jungle or desolate area where no one has considered to look at yet.
Wrong. International flights have their liability capped.I'm sure Malaysia will not waive their limited liability.
Can we assume if they criticize the airport screeners from letting in an Asian with an Austrian passport that there are no cases of Asian people becoming Austrian citizens?
Don't think that it was an Austrian passport that was the problem, the problem is an Asian face with asn Austrian name
The size of an explosive (one) that would be large enough to bring down a 777, wouldn't be able to be taken through security screening. Bad theory.
Maybe it was installed in the maintenance area.
who said it was taken through security,
stop thinking the world is stupid. only the idiots give me a thumbs down. but this fake garbage is a HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX!
Let us all point at Vin-A and laugh.
Maybe it was accidentally shot down by friendly fire but nobody wants to admit it.
Why the thumbs down it could have happened?
This is terrifying. I feel so bad for the innocent passengers who were on board.
The terrorist target was most likely NOT this flight but their connecting flight to Europe. I think something went wrong with their plan, or their bomb malfunctioned and went off by accident. I think they did plan to bring a plane down but not this flight, but there connecting flight to Europe.
I still pray they are all alive on an island just that their cellphones went out of batteries.
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENED MY THOUGHTS & PRAYERS GO OUT TO ALL THE FAMILIES IN THIS HORRIFIC TIME. AND THAT SOON THEY GET ANSWERS THEY SO DESPERATLY NEED.
thanks for posting your EEG results Jojo.
A disintegration at FL 350 would creat a huge debris field, witch would have been find right a way. The only way it can disappear without a trace if Capt. Shullenberger made an other perfect water landing and it sank intact in the sea. Any "expert" should know that, before making stupid statement.
try blowing something up with a large amount of explosives, you don't get huge debris. My son is EOD for the Army, they blow stuff up and disarm bombs for a living. Know what you are talking about before you put your foot in your mouth. With enough explosive, you can reduce a concrete building to dust.
Laura: Kind of like they did on 911?
I'm starting to think the crazy stuff; the plane may have vanished through some worm whole. Something like the Bremuda Triangle or Lake Michigan. These sorts of phenomena are rare but yet vary true in nature.
My prayer for the victims' families. Some possibilities may be: (1) The air plane disintegrated somehow. (2) Act of terrorism (3) Pilot(s) committing suicide (4) Plane was shot down by accident/mistake (5) Some Bermuda-event type of phenomenon It it was an act of terrorism, some group could have already claimed responsibility.
I cannot stand to see the pain on the family member and friends faces on the news. The devastation is overwhelming. I don't even want to imagine what I would do. So sad. I'm so sorry. xo
Those photos we're seeing with all those big camera lenses literally shoved right into these people's faces is disgusting.
On 911 we quickly pieced the puzzle together. If it's terrorism these guys in Malaya should be able to discover it. I hope for the relatives sake its discovered what happened soon.
Never heard of a jetliner disintegrating but I know that it can & has happen to helicopters. It has to do w a critical point of vibration. They just totally fall apart! Interesting. Interesting that Boeing isn't commenting also!
I would really flip out if my family was on there and all I was told is it vanished and it is a mystery. I just don't by that in how advanced we are these days including the high technology only secret intelligence knows about.not buying it.they are giving us the garbage side of what really happen
Come on Vv, Not everything is a conspiracy, Give it a few days and they will find the wreckage, Then if they can locate the black box, it will tell them it was probably a terrorist bomb that was set to go off at altitude. There are all these Muslim,Obama voters that just can't wait to get to Allah !
My heart and prayers goes out to the loved ones left behind with a sense of helplessness with the unknown fate of their friends and family. Inshallah this could be resolved quickly and these missing people be found.
"if Allah wills"......Allah eates pig #$%$!
Maybe the Ring of Fire got them. One of those volcanoes could have vaporize the plane with an eruption.
For those of you who disbelieve that a plane can disintegrate into tiny pieces, check for what was left over from ValuJet when it crashed into the Florida swamp or Alaska Air when it crashed in the ocean off LA - nothing left. Or look up the Youtube video titled "800 KM/H CRASH TEST. PLANE AGAINST WALL"
Disintegrating into the ground is very different than breaking up at 35,000 feet. Look up Air France flight 447 if you don't understand.
Disintegrate into thin air??? How? Why? Who is not telling what they know? Yet another coverup in the works.
How does a plane break up in mid-flight?Was the plane not being properly maintained? I don't get how that could happen. These articles just don't give enough background information.
Do a search for "airframe fatigue".
something here doesn't make any sense. if the us looked at satellite and saw that there was no mid air collision or explosion then they should have also been able to determine where the plane went and nobody can determine that so i don't understand how they can say the satellite check has been thorough.
If terrorism was the plan, there's really no reason for them not to blow up at Beijing, with ten million eyes watching. This seems to be a malfunction, either in the airplane or in the cargo.
There are thousands of stolen passports out there. I suspect the vast majority are used by drug dealers. The leap to terrorism, especially on passports this old, is a reach.
I heard 30 million on the stolen missing list
Only a mind stifled by drugs would be so limited to deny the possibility.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. With people from China and other third world countries emigrating all over the world, it's sort of hard to keep track anymore. Who would guess that Kristi Yamaguchi was an American, et. al.
The passports were stolen. There is no excuse for not checking the database of stolen and lost passports.
I'm more interested in the technology on commercial airlines to jam radar so they can just up and dissapear. That's the real story here.
Or they turned all Tracking and radio off! Ran black!
A mystery that will never be solved.
They know perfectly well it was foul play. The plane did not just randomly break apart and disintegrate.
Tell me why that is not possible.
Because it has only happened once in aviation history. During 9/11 when the plane vaporized upon impact in a field. Again foul play involved.
It was shot down or bombed.
God, please let this plane be found on a runway anywhere.
That would be great but I don't see that happening. If the plane is in tact, surely passengers would have made calls by now.
I'm hoping to believe a miracle is possible for the people who love the people on this plane.
Pretty clear what happened. Stolen pass port. Muslim terrorists brings the plane down somehow. Shame. And there were so many Muslim passengers too. Hopefully, moderate Muslims will say "enough" to Islamic terrorism and stamp it out in their own midst.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. Wow this coming from a Malaysian official who maintains a Bumiputra first policy discriminating against ethnic Chinese and Indians. Total incompetent idiots could be hired and the law would mandate they must work there simply because they are Bumiputra.
I think the main pilot (captain) commit suicide and dove the plan in the ocean. He know the area and pick his spot to do so. That is why no one know or receive signal from the plan when he decided to do so because he turned them all off. He even turned the plan around as he missed his planned destination. The plan probably rest in the bottom of ocean intact right now.
Congratulations... you only misspelled PLANE four times in one paragraph.
I know a lot of American citizens that have Asian faces. I know a lot of Brazilian citizens that have Asian faces. I know a lot of Canadians that have Asian faces. What an IDIOT!
I know. That condescending tone in the officials voice on how the countries didn't go fish match their faces sounded pretty 10th century to me.
That's true....but from the names on the passports, Austrian Christian Kozel and Italian Luigi Maraldi.....who knows.
But majority of the citizens with Asian faces in Western Countries do not have western first name and last name. Atleast this should have provoked curiosity in the agents and checked it against Interpol databases. Peace, Brown Skinned Immigrant
I know what you mean Tom but still.... C. Walters - Japanese L. Hilliar - Filipino P. Lewis - Vietnamese..... These are some of the people I know personally and though I didn't post their 1st names I assure that those names are very, "American" names and all of them have very "Asian" faces. :)
That pesky little muslim terrorist problem the world has been watching the U.S. have, seems to be spreading.
It may have crashed into mountains. Hard to imagine no debris being found till now.
Any mountains around there at 35,000 feet? Does anyone know?
Wow, you both must have gotten an "F" in world geometry. The plane was flying from Malaysia to China. An hour into it's flight, it would have been over the ocean.
Missile probably accidentally hit it. No one, of course will step up and admit it.
I have another theory, that of possible MOSSAD play. Interestingly there has been some voicing about Iranian involvement, Iranian weapons ship, and the like. I am wondering if this is not another USS Liberty attack to make it look like Iran or Russia did it.
anytime some mental midget like you mentions mossad.......
I just hope Taiwan did not commit a criminal act of aiding and abetting the Uyghir-Turko terrorist thugs.
This is horrible. I've been checking up every few hours on the internet to see if anything new was found with the plane. I can only imagine the anxiety those family members are feeling. This really sucks.
I wouldn't worry. These people are probably living on some island like Gilligan. Working on their tan,making inventions with jungle material and creating wacky plans to get off their island.
I am pretty sure the government knows what color my (s)h(i)t)) was this morning, they can't tell me they don't know the location of a 3 million pound plane.
Jetliners don't just fall apart, especially triple 7's. this was Islamic terror. Muslims have been planning to have surgically implanted bombs on international flight while using stolen passports.
This is what happens, when you curb profiling.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces". Umm... you can be of any ethnic background and live in Italy or Australia. You can even still have an Asian name and be a rightful citizen of a non-Asian country. Whatever the cause of this plane's disappearance, I hope that it is revealed soon and that the families of those who were aboard can begin to grieve and heal.
Why weren't they checking the Interpol list for stolen passports? I suspect this has something to do with it.
The same reason that most airports don't (including most in the United States), time and laziness.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," Really? Many Asians have American passports. Race doesn't determine nationality now
Really? #$%$ r u talking about. Asian guy named luigi? Go back to ur crack pipe, #$%$
Instead of flying hijacked airliners into buildings, terrorists are now flying them into the ocean?
They were blowing them up in the air (over land and sea) long before they were flying them in to buildings...
Jeff, but they wouldn't have had to blow it up if they just flew it into the ocean. They didn't have to blow up the airliners they flew into buildings on 9/11. Easier to get on board if they don't try to get explosives on board too.
One of the pilots had a Muslim name. In the 1990's an Egyptian airliner was taken down by one of it's Muslim pilots committing suicide.
LOL, uhm, in case you didn't know, Malaysia is a predominantly Muslim country so the pilot's Muslim name as well as the names of the officials in the article referenced is quite normal.
don't you know the plane was made by christian, cu cu you're idiot.............
Whenever someone complains because I post an off topic comment, I make sure go tell every other Yahoo commenter not to post an off topic comment, so that way the person who complained about my off topic comment will never have to complain about another off topic comment ever again ... OR ... is the person who just complained about my off topic comment just an idiot who repeats the past and expects different results ? With that being said : I once said to a cop, it's legal for motorcycles to run red lights in Nevada, so why can't everyone else legally run red lights even if we can do it safely ? And he said : Because if people run red lights safely, that means less people sitting at red lights, and that means less pollution in the air, which is a bad thing, because we need bad air quality so that people will get sick and then they will sign up for Obamacare, that's why I will punish you for safely running red lights, because we need you to sit at red lights and pollute the air so we all get sick. And I said : You really think you can get away with this ? And he said : Yes. We've been planning this for decades. We allowed motorcycles to run red lights in Nevada so that we could test the public to see if they would catch on to us and realize that they could safely run red lights, but obviously they didn't. Our plan is working perfectly.
The worst thing about you is you realize your post has no point and you try to legitimize it by saying what's the use, everyone else does it? Also, I'm an idiot.
No, I'm saying that if YOU complain about my off topic comment, then YOU are an idiot. ... But you already clarified that ......... carry on.
Grab a beer and go back watch the WWE. You're IQ is below 60. Please don't post again.
Government employees are no high IQ people. They are conformed to standard procedural work and act as robots to carrying out their work. They are not capable to think out of a box.
careful David , your hatred is showing again
No hatred is involved here. Just making a comment to suggest we have to be more flexible and be able to think out of the box and not be too robotic in nature.
just narrows it down: the plane went missing either by terrorist bombing or shot down.
Wouldn't they get into trouble for racial profiling if they had questioned these people because they didn't LOOK Italian or Austrian enough? People are so sensitive these days.
It's odd that there weren't any phone calls or text messages from passengers (at least that I've heard of).
odd that people didn't make phone calls after their freaking aircraft disintegrated at 35,000 ft. you pitiful degenerate.
Oily, if the plane crashed, it would be odd for no one to have made a call. Are you always this stupid?
No cell towers over the South China sea, and not all airplanes have in-flight phone service.
Strangest airlines incidents in history...I will be following closely and doing research about that specific route.. some (dont remember who) tweeted something about a new Bermuda triangle, he deleted it fast because of the backlash. But at this point, who knows except the people that were on that plane.
I wonder how this will affect non-business travel. I mean, when a retired flight attendant/instructor told me that she has been afraid to fly for years, what kind of confidence am I supposed to have on overseas or domestic flights?
Yes. Refrain from flying. Buses are bad, too. For your upcoming trip to New York, consider walking. Seriously.
FYI, Malaysian morgue are segregated, muslims and non muslims (kafir). This is undisputed. So hopefully, if they find the bodies, pray it'll be the americans, or the chinese or at least the vietnamese. The kind of things the muslims will do to a dead kafir can only be imagined.
I wish that the terrorists would disintegrate.
I wonder if it was terrorists that gave me the TDs
I hope that they can someday put find out exactly what happened to give these poor families some measure of closure, if that is even possible. I feel bad for them.
Just disappeared without a single screw much less larger parts coming down to earth - I don't think so! Sounds like a pitiful excuse.
With all the satellites we have in space you'd think there would be still photos or video we could look at.
Maybe it crashed on an "island". And there are lots of survivors. And they're running from the smoke monster.
Allah on the march as usual in the form of Muslim peace.
..... even when Muslim's have nothing to do with it you fat sheep still blame them and you want to know why those people hate you???
@ Darkaura. When everything is done then said, you will be eating a Muslim Taqiya / Kufiya . FYI Malaysia is a haven for terrorists of that feather. Funding to keep Thailand's ongoing southern unrest comes directly from that country. No, not all Muslims are bad, but so many are not good either. May you rot in hell if that is your desire from the looks of your avatar!
I smell a total cover-up. They are just trying to delay, and muddy the water. It had to be either terrorism or pilot suicide.
and Kennedy was never shot and we never landed on the moon......oh and ELVIS IS ALIVE!!!!
No one should be profile just look at U of MN, They were looking for a black person and now the African Americans students and teachers are complaining of being profiled. LOL
Joel, good point. Blacks do a lot of bad things and are responsible for most of the crime in the US, but I don't think anyone is accusing blacks of bringing down the airliner, are they? This looks a little more sophisticated than most black on black crime. Also the victims were Chinese. Don't worry though, the blacks will be responsible for the next bad thing. Keep your chin up.
Guess I'll cancel my plans to vacation in that utter Muslim stinkhole. I heard the shopping and restaurants really suck anyway.
Fox news is now reporting that they may have found one of the doors to the plane. The guy who stole Luigi's passport was on his way from Beijing to Amsterdam and the guy who stole Kozel's passport was on his way to Frankfurt.
It's not now. That's been reported all day long. It's not a door, that has been dismissed.
How did those guys go to Beijing? With another Airliner? Definitely not with the missing MH 370.
The world still refuses to accept what is out there. It is terrorists.
Islam is truly a beautiful, holy religion. Just ignore the fact they cut off heads, love the N/\zi's, blow up women and children, follow a murderous hate-filled Koran, are brainwashed and blood-stained barbarians, have an illiterate, perverted, psychopathic, rapist, pedophile prophet who had sex with a 9 year old girl, boys and a dead woman, and a procurer god who rewards killers with virgins. Except for these minor points, Islam is marvelous. /\/\uzzies are rabid anti-semites because the Jews have shown that these cowards can be easily beaten over and over again, a message they do not want the world to get as they pursue their hopeless dream of establishing a caliphate across the world. Islam is a virulent disease spreading across the globe and threatening the world with dark ages of hatred and death. Mohammed is clearly the anti-Christ and Muslims the minions of satan. It is necessary for all Christians, Hindus and Jews to accept that we are in the middle of WWIII, and start acting accordingly. Every Muslim must be thrown out of Europe and the US as their culture and values are incompatible with ours. Every madrassah and mosque and Koran must be destroyed.
they sure do have a very devilish/satanic lifestyle.
Ray, it's people like you that cause the hate of an entire religion or race of people to continue by spewing these types of ignorant rants. There have been evildoers in just about every religion throughout history, and evidently you choose to place the entire focus on one at this time. That's like saying guns kill people instead of the individual who pulled the trigger! Your attempts at inciting chaos and mayhem will not produce the reactions that you're hoping for, because there are too many intelligent and rational people in the world that will realize your exaggerations are delusional...
I wonder...if there is no trace found of this Malaysian aircraft caused by an accident than the only viable options for this vanishing might be an act of God or an act of extra terrestials.
Personally I think there was a bomb on board. Someplace that escaped scrutiny. Whatever - it is a horrible incident.
Have you people forgotten that the first women in the world to fly around the world as the first woman ever, completely disappeared while flying... She was never found after that..she obviously went to space, and it is possible this plane also went to outer space
Boeing is loudly silent and unhelpful, even with its own plane. That says something. #$%$
I've never traveled before. I thought my friend was crazy when they said they get anxiety when it comes to flying in planes. Now I believe
There are thousand of noneventful flights every day and for days on end.
And a wayward car can crash right through your living room and do you in. Happened at a motel parking lot level room a few years ago, too.
Don't do drugs of any kind here, Elmer. So yes, sarcasm.
Maybe it was a suitcase nuke? That probably would vaporize everything.
Seems to me if a plane broke up midair, wouldn't there be all kinds of floating stuff like seat cushions all over the place? What if they made a semi-successful landing on the water but the plane and people all just drowned as the plane went down in darkness? Surely there would have been complete chaos and again no debris. If it wasn't structural failure, then it was a "failed" hijack attempt and the villains then set off a bomb.
yes i'd think they'd find a debris trail
If it broke up at such a high altitude, the debris could be very widely scattered.
Gerald, I wonder if there would still be some debris if that happened. It would be good to hear if they were down there and somehow alive like in the movie "Airport '77".
The thing that is strange about this is that the plane was being tracked on Radar. It was flying normally at 35,000 feet, then it disappeared. If to defended and landed, that would have been tracked. So the 777 as we know it ceased to exist at 35,000 feet. The question is why, and thats why they need to find the plane and examine the data from the aircraft. This will give us the voice cockpit recordings as well as all the data from the plane. Seems odd that NO debris has been found yet.
If the plane exploded, why is there some fuel trails in the ocean? Wouldn't all the fuel have burned out? A large amount of fuel would be partly the reason for such little or no debris found.
It is possible the oil slicks are where the fuel tanks landed and sank.
Is it possible for 2/3 persons to take over control and take the plane to another destination?
It would have to land at an airport. The runways are specially built for airplanes. Large airplanes can't land just any where.
Maybe our Navy or some other country's Navy accidentally shot it down. It wouldn't be the first time.
Its possible that one of those meteors hit the plane.
It sounds almost like Lockerbie when the Pan Am jet exploded at 35,000 ft. over Lockerbie, Scotland due to terrorism.
How much of that wreckage would have floated?
This should be a wake-up call to people in the U.S. who complain, complain, complain about airport security. Everytime my family and I go through a strict airport security check, I have a smile on my face. Most of the TSA people do a good job, and we should thank them for it.
So we have no idea what happened to the plane but you're already congratulating the TSA for molesting children and old people?
Nathaniel, You have some serious problems that won't be solved here. Please get help.
It's always a mystery until the simple explanation is revealed.
Well, well, well....Giles the 3rd.. boy! you should have NEVER! replyed on my post today. I will destroy whatever is left of you meaningless life. you #$%$
An invisible large UFO used a capture beam and abducted everything.
This just reminded me I like egg rolls.
Ill bet those two Asians blew it up with a bomb using those 2 fake passports. Some folks are just plain crazy..
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," Yes, because Asian people can't be Italian or Austrian nationals.
This whole disgusting Muslim affair is a reason nice, good, rich white people should colonize another planet.
We need people like this jojo...so everybody knows what ignorant poltroons "think"!!!
Considering the location of the oil slicks, my opinion is that that plane is sticking nose down into the sand under the ocean.
Wouldn't debris from the plane be visible?
Did the passengers get their panties wet?
As the world turns, another plane disintegrates.
Did you ever wonder why an airplane crash makes so much news and you hardly ever see anything about the 3200 people killed daily worldwide in automobiles?
in person eatersit's bad enough that impersonators with stolen passports were able to make it on the plane, but how did the bomb get on the plane?
Asian passengers on an Asian airline? Sounds suspicious to me!
Sally, think of the movie "The Jerk" with Steve Martin working at the gas station, where he addresses the male of a certain stereotype as Mrs Nessbaum. Imagine an Asian Male named Her Greubermeister and Ranoldo Rainnettei or some real Austrian and Italian name is going to seem odd, even on an asian airline. You may argue an woman may have a name change, but still an ID coming back as reported stolen, missing, lost etc looks even more suspicious. I am sure all passport information ends up somewhere, I mean if the immigrations agents do not have access to the interpol wanted list or interpol list of suspected stolen Id cards, something is wrong.
A person's chances of being killed in a major airline disaster is around one in 2 million. Flying is by far the safest method of travel there is. The 239 people on this plane had the same chances of dying as a lottery winner. Time and chance happen to all of us. Ecclesiastes 9:11
Tell that to the families of those lottery winners.
I'm starting to think extra terrestrials. Don't believe everything the government tells you! Look up JAL flight 1628.
Whatever country harbors the barbarians who did this needs to eat thermonuclear fire.
Betting this was a mechanical failure with immediate breakup of the aircraft. Terrorists would not spend their time blowing up Malaysian aircraft full of Chinese people. The media attention comes with American passengers. A terrorist group would have claimed responsibility by now. Something like a dual engine failure would have given the crew time to radio the ground.
It's being reported that the Chinese Muslim terrorist group sometimes waits a month before claiming responsibility.
Uigurs would love to kill a planeload of Chinese.
Lies! Perhaps a Muslim and one freedom loving Tea Party Conservative was on the plane.
Too bad you and a bunch of Demotards weren't on it
M, not me but the democraps all democraps should have been on that aircraft!
Stop avoiding the subject of china air defense zone.The plane disappeared soon as it entered it.
Maybe they also need to start checking cell/smart phones of the passengers on this flight to see if that might provide any details.
There are no towers over the China Sea. No towers, no recdeption, no signals. You can just drive places in the US and have no signa.
Actually the only 'real' evidence is an Iranian bought tickets, paid with cash, for two passengers using fake passports. You can connect the dots or listen to the "Talking Heads" discussing every possibility OTHER than a terrorist act, committed by Iran. Don't you just love the peace achieved when former Democrat President Jimmy Carter outed the Shah of Iran some 35 years ago?
Jimmy Carter did not oust the Shah, JEESH!
It takes so very little to get under the skin of liberals. Not enough time and lack of incentive to explain the history of how the Shah removed from Office. For starters, he was an American ally, until the Peanut Farmer masquerading as President redrew American support.
assuming it was a bomb(s). I think it could be possible that the 2 men using the stolen passports were not terrorist. They might have thought they were being paid to smuggle drugs in suit cases they were given along with the passports. So the question is who paid them to smuggle the suit cases, and why. Keep in mind in order to keep a checked bag on a plane, the person has to also get on the plane.
Sleeping pilots, based on communication is a good possibility. I've seen that happen.
they are trying to pull another fake 9.11 but they failed because we all know!
Can't any of the passengers be tracked by their cellphones?
Just saw a video of a passengers relative calling his cell phone. It didn't go to voicemail, it Rang!! Don't know if real but it gives me a sliver of hope plus I'd expected them to find at least some debris.
FROM THIS ARTICLE UNBELIEABLE JACKASS Malaysia's state news agency quoted Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticizing border officials who let them through. "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday
Same thing happened to Pam Am flight in Lockerbie, Scotland. When the bomb went off, it disintegrated the plane.
Long drop to the ocean with no parachute.
They were remotely hijacked. Like 175, 11, 77 & 93.
More speculation and re-hashing disguised as an article. Tell us something we haven't ALREADY been told.
The plane landed in the jungle of Vietnam, somewhere. They can't call for help, cause there is no reception. Lord, help us find them n bring them home
So who wants to be next to buy a ticket? Given corporate greed, the amount of free-roaming nutcases in the world, old planes, useless maint. people, cheap repair parts, etc. I'll drive or walk thank you. Yea yeah I've heard about driving is more dangerous....but I'd just as soon it be me controlling the vehicle than someone who had a few snorts before getting on the plane. I don't fly at all for any reason: it's not fear of flying as I have flown before, it's just common sense in knowing the risks and how fatal those risks are when they happen. No thanks, besides, all that #$%$ at the airport is way too much. What's next, a colonoscopy at the gate?
Dear Bubba, a lot depends on the airline you choose. For example, I fly all the time from NYC to Hong Kong. I fly only Cathay Pacific. Their maintenance and safety procedures are pristine and complete. In the US I fly only Jet Blue, again, their maintenance and safety procedures are excellent and security at US airports, while a long way from pristine, are pretty impressive. I do worry about our ATC (air traffic control) system as our politicians are only too willing to carry water for their financial benefactors and those benefactors in the aviation industry want nothing that will impede their relentless pursuit of more profit, regardless of safety.
Hmmmm.... isn't it that same corporate greed that will cause your car to accelerate unexpectedly or cause catastrophic brake failure? Sounds like you're better off living in a cave, where no man can exploit you just to line his pockets.
Electronics controls your life and will probably control your death as well.
You're wrong ~D~, I'm never on freeways. There are none here.
JosephL....tell that to the families of those missing. Tell it to the ones smeared out on a mountain somewhere. Corporations cannot be trusted with your life. Not in the air, not in hospitals, no where.
Mayby by some reason the oil slicks are not from the jet and that it actually crashed remote inland?
Gee, if an American official would have said they should have been checked because they looked Asian and not Italian or Austrian, the politically correct caucus would have had a field day. Simply put if don't quack like a duck and don't look like a duck. We need to cut this political liberal crud out....
Clearly a terrorist attack of some sort or the plane was shot down by a missile.
Anyone who has ever been asked to check / verify IDs can tell you that there is a ton of times the pictures don't actually look like the people. Maybe this was a situation where they should have checked further. .but if they did that everytime the backup / delays would be crazy.
If the plain disintegrated, as reported by whoever, pieces both large and small would have been found floating by now. I doubt that there was disintegration in midflight. The traces of oil may or may not be from the aircraft. The aircraft is huge to just vanish like that. This is really a curious case. Let's keep on searching.
Obama blamed the missing jet on Bush.
O-towner said it was a VIDEO that caused it. He says the Bush excuse isn't working any more. Ain't that right Oblamer-towner?
Wait Kenny - I'm going to first discuss this with my dog. He's a little smarter than you but it's the best I can do at the moment.
Terrorist bombers, or suicide hijackers have a cause and a purpose. Their organizers would have claimed "credit" immediately. But they're not. Common sense tells me that it's not bombers.
Have we checked the jungles of VietNam? Seems that would be the next possible hiding place. If there was no explosion visible on spy satellite, then perhaps it went down over the jungle? If they turned around, maybe it was because they lost their computers and had no way to navigate or communicate. But passenger phones would still have worked, right? Maybe they turned around hoping to re-land, and crashed in the jungle?
Computer loss would have pinged back to home base as a mechanical function that's why they think it was a catastrophic and instant event was most sophisticated passenger plane
It seems to me that in addition to the fact that the two were able to board with stolen passports, they should be trying to figure out how they were able to get a bomb on board. That would be a lot more serious breach of airport security to me.
Disintegrated? Did men make Si Fi real? Only through vaporizing with a high powerful beam can any thing that size can disappear. Top Secret Experiments has been know to be tested among humans throughout the ages. Are they telling us the truth? Turn to Yeshua for your salvation, wisdom and truth for there is no other name under Heaven which all men can be saved, amen.
Okay, am I missing something here? What or who was on this plane that has 10 countries looking for it. I mean there has never been a search for any plane to this extent since Amelia Earhart. Sounds completely suspicious that this plane disappears and now the whole world is concerned? Yeah it is a tragedy but something really stinks here. Someone knows more than what we are being told.
Ten countries are involved in the search, because they either border the area of ocean where the plane is suspected of crashing, or they have a large number of citizens among those that were on the plane.
10 countries is not the whole world.
The first conclusion in today's world is always the worst scenario. For a downed jet, terrorism. The people behind all the fear mongering are the ones that want to keep you under control, towards a police sate. There are about 50,000 flights every single day, and that's just commercial. When ONE plane crashes it is news for days?!? There is no reason for that other then to keep us in fear.
Did you hear what Obama said about this tragedy? No? That's because he's on vacation right now.
On Sunday Tony Blinken, President Barack Obama’s deputy national security adviser, confirmed that the US government was aiding the investigation into what caused the plane to come down. TURN OFF FOX
I'm beginning to think that this jet fell victim to the Religion of Peace.
I am thinking that you thought this from the first.
And now we come to find that the stolen passports were used by Iranians to buy the plane tickets ... amazing how that works, huh.
Yes, I have never seen a mind so quick as yours...to jump to conclusions.
Anybody checked satellite video data yet?
"Asked about the possibility of an explosion, such as a bomb, the source said there was no evidence yet of foul play and that the aircraft could have broken up due to mechanical causes." There's no evidence at all...so it could have been a bomb...or snakes on a plane.
My short take on this : -I think if flight MH370 would have blown up in the air, there would be debris scattered for several miles on the ocean surface and would have most likely picked up by the US satellites. What i believe happened is, that due to the lack of debris, the Boeing 777-200ER, would have rather impacted the 100-1000 feet deep water at a low speed under
You know if you read the comments, you can just about pick the ones out that are from other country's. and none of those make sick comments. it just shows how ill the minds of so many Americans have become !why can't people just refrian from the temptation to TRY to be funny and say something showing compassion and empathy for the family members. Remember there are proper and improper times for trolling !
Hard to believe there is no solid evidence of the aircraft or pieces of it. I think this is a cover up for what could be an attack from unknown terrorist or alien beings that have finally decided to make a move towards taking over the planet.
Since the media (and others) are having a great time speculating with absolutely no evidence of what happened, I'm going to join the fray: Remember the opening of "Close Encounters"? It was obviously an alien abduction....
TWO PASSENGERS could be SPACE ALIENS pulling out their 3-D Printer Facemaker and scare humans with LARGE EYES. Passenger Scream.... And UFO bright lights enter from the window. A passenger tried to escape and open door hatch and door fell into the ocean. MAYBE UFO KIDNAPING need to enslave the humans.
Open door shouldn't cause a crash during flight.
China and these countries are in a tense standoff in that area. Disentigration at 35000 feet or maybe a country launched a missile at the wrong target.
The government can track down Bin Laden in a cave but can't find a JUMBO JET?
We never tracked him down to a cave. That was the problem.
Barnaby, is isn't here any more now is he?
We should all be suspicious of who is telling the truth. Obama, Hillary, and Susan rice lied about a video for three weeks to the American people and they have no problem with that deceit. And they still have not been held accountable..That kind of lying breeds distrust of the media and officials.. can you see the New World Order ?
@Mike:: what did Obama, Hillary, and Susan say about the video , i want to know what the lie was, tell me where i can find it so i can watch it
Looks like it could be an act of terror but accidents like these have happened before. I used to work for a boeing contractor and I know first hand that something as simple as a wire connection of a bathroom smoke detector can bring down a jumbo jet. Let's hope they are able to find a definitive cause so these families can have some answers and maybe some peace.
I bet If this is a Terrorist Attack It Was Caused by a Video! Right Barry!
And that terrorist attack happened via Iraq. Let's sent another 5,000 American soldiers to be murdered on a GOP lie, and tens of thousands of US soldiers to be maimed for life, and hundreds of thousands of citizens (women and children) to die in the ensuing pre-emptive war. And then, lets stay there for years, then punt. Brilliant. I love your way of thinking, AmericaLast. HA!!
Hey Brain Those WEAPONS ARE IN SYRIA But At LEAST Bush Thought They Were There Unlike Obama's DAILY LIES
Yeah. They're in Syria. No evidence of that ... just another Neocon rationalization. What is with the capitalization dude? Are you too stupid to write a coherent sentence or do you think you're writing headlines?
What does your president have to do with this? Do Americans think they are the only people in the world? Or is it only you who thinks that way?
19 Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: 20 Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world. Amen. -Matthew 28
This appears as a first real threat of terrorism in so called "muslim country". I feel and pray for those who lost life. This probably confirms terrorism not confined to non-muslim countries.
Nice letting people on flights without checking passports. Plane will disintegrate, never finding anyone. This could have been avoided.
Tell us, tell us all, how this disaster could have been avoided?
Just like a verbal contest between Obama sticking his nose where it doesn't belong .... and Putin could have been avoided.
My guess: 1) the pilots, (who are muslims) did this 2) a bomb (placed by muslims) did this. ... If I'm wrong, it's a terrible, tragic event. ...If I'm right, it's YET ONE MORE terrible, tragic event caused by islamists simply practicing their religion. Either way, this has to be solved asap and something needs to be done to punish the guilty.
Asians with european passports and nobody stopped them. Oh no you don't minister, that's racist. You are a big fat racist. Anybody can come from anywhere these days with any kind of passport. Kiss diversity on the mouth and tell it how much better off we are. So they all died and no muslims were to blame. LOLTIPMP.
Does that guy not understand that there are Asian descent citizens in Italy and Australia too?
This crash was nothing more than a new CIA graduating class changing their identities.
I'm sure before this happened there would have been "experts" who would say this would be impossible with todays technology and pilots experience. Just like evolutionists say God is impossible. Someday, they will be eating a lot of crow! You still believe in "experts"?
You know what's even funnier? People sticking up for "experts" they've never even met or studied anything about for themselves, just because they would rather believe them than the Bible. Ha!
I don't understand how some of the people who comment on here manage to function in day to day life.
i have to agree with you
most of them are on feeding tubes and b-hole catheders like Terry Schaivo. The only things they can do are think nasty thoughts and type.
Asians are all over the world. Some live in Italy and some live in Austria. That would not have been a red flag to me. However, the passport was reported stolen and the name and information should of been flagged.
All passports have pictures on them and if you don't look at the photo and the person presenting it, oh well, but if the photos show blond haired, blue eyed Austrian and a swarthy skin toned Italian in those photos, then I guess it pretty much is a terrorist attack with the help of the counter person and immigration checkpoint officials. Trains, Planes, Buses, and Subways all make such wonderful targets don't they! It has come to a state that is really best to just stay at home. I remember the terrorist attack on the Cruise ship a few years back, where the terrorists threw the crippled guy in the wheel chair overboard! ALL THESE ATTACKS HAVE JUST ONE GROUP IN COMMON PEOPLE, THOSE EVER PEACE LOVING MUSLIMS!!!!!
I am thinking the passport was stolen a year ago and sold on the black market. The information is taken and a new picture is placed with the information on a new passport. I never thought for a second that an Asian man could pass for an Italian hunk. if that is the case then security really stinks. I bet a passport could be whipped up on a home computer if need be. That's just the way it is.
most likely scenario is crazy suicidal co pilot or pilot kills companion, takes plane into straight dive. Plane hits like a missile and stays mostly intact sinking to the bottom.
Could the plane turn off their tracking system if hijacked? Possibly it has landed somewhere other than where it should have?
And how would it land without anyone seeing it?
Its not a Stealth Bomber... good Lord, Karen
Two 777's lost by human error . One in the air and one on the ground . Those passengers were not screened carefully enough . This should be a wakeup call to all airlines that Al Qaeda is alive & well and has not lost interest in skyjacking jetliners
News Flash ! Malaysian 777 found ! * * Some assembly required. Batteries not included.
We get it - this is a horrible, horrible tragedy! Do we need 3 days worth of photos of people bawling? What is the point? I think photographers who takes these photos should be ashamed, intruding on people's grief. Yahoo needs to stop pounding us over the head - anything involving Gays and non-white people gets overtime coverage on yahoo. We know you love the gays and love the browns and blacks - we all realize this is horrible - we don't need to see these people grieving.
Shouldn't your name be "Unlearned hand"?
It wasn't terror that took that jet, and for it to just DISAPPEAR? Well that just sums up the truth of our country it self. This country has all it's people brain washed into believing false statements given on a daily basis. America and it's surrounding countries have been known to work together in all aspects. They work together to organize and start a war. To keep this country flooded and over populated. Open your eyes and ears, look closely, that jet did not just disappear. The world is involved with there own life rather then being involved with the world they live in.
Until there is evidence one cannot in truth make statements like this. Where is your evidence? You are doing nothing but rumor mongering.
You aren't serious, are you Luis?
My heart aches for their families.
Mine too, lets hook up and mourn.
Frosted that's an Appropriate name Heartless piece of garbage like you!
I got a better idea maybe Capt. Frosted should get together I have sex with sheep! Cowards are heartless! Mean and living in self-denial!
It's obvious you're awfully alone you come nothing else to do. An angry hateful person Well makes fun of people's Tragedies. Anonymous with your cowardly posts. Feeble in your character. Empty in your heart. When you die nun will care, And no one will remember you! These people that have died here will be remembered! And little people like you to make fun of such Will not!
Either the plane was crashed, or Either the plane was kidnapped by terrorists (muslims duh), Or By aliens :P. There was also a report that said that most of the passangers's cellphones were working, and one of they got called and then someone hung it up...
If this was terrorism by some terrorist group I would assume they would have taken credit for it by now. Then again it could have been done by individuals not associated with any group or the plane may have just fallen apart on its own. Who knows. As far as survivors, I doubt there are any. May as well just go ahead and have their funerals now. At least the families will save money on a burial.
One of the missing Americans has been identified as D. B. Cooper. The mystery widens.
Large UFOs have gobbled-up our aircraft in the past, even fighter jets. Or, if the 777 took emergency dog-fighter evasive action, that would likely have caused it to break up and would have allowed no time for explanatory communication. The public is largely unaware of how many aircraft have been lost as a result of encounters with UFOs in the past 70 or more years. Governments know.
emergency dog fighter evasive action, holy jeezus man.
The thumbs-downers display only ignorance. I was once in a twin-engine airplane that was repeatedly forced by a flying disc to dive toward a body of water. "Dogfight" isn't the best word to descibe the experience of an unarmed plane, but it was similar to that and I don't believe an airliner could make such abrupt moves without breaking up.
Somewhere a plane load of folks are being probed by aliens.
In my opinion, the aircraft is not where they are looking. Somehow the aircraft must have changed course.
Maybe you ought to call them and let them know about this.
Boy.................................And to think those guys don't already have you on board.
Lets get it right here. A lot of EU & American Passports reported stolen are actually sold by the owners to these criminal gangs in Asia. Apparently you can sell your EU/US Passport for anything between $1000-$5000 in Thailand and most hardup European tourist helps to facilitate these crimes. These two individuals who reported to have had their Passports stolen needs to be grilled whether truly they were stolen or if they sold it for cash!
By next week, this will be forgotten...BUT !! Obamacare, the lousy economy, the illegal immigration overflow, all the liberal B.S. will still be around, for months and months to come.
yep I ...wish it was 2008 again when the US was booming
You think??? I hope all Western governments will banish them from their airlines!
Christians are destroying everything else. How much did you "donate" today Boris?
Boris likes going to church because he likes little boys.
There's been plane crashes few have left this many questions unanswered, It makes you wonder if were being told everything.
Had Al-Qaeda been flying it would have made it. Inexperienced Al-Qaeda guys can maintain control of 2 jets, aim them at 2 targets and hit mside-by-side no less in roughly the same spot. Obviously these pilots were not as skilled as those cave dwellers are.
Blame Edward Snowden for pressuring Gov't agencies to pull back on some of their surveillance techniques. I believe this gives terrorists the upperhand, to stay one-step ahead of intelligence agencies. Let's thank all of the public who thinks that spy agencies really give a hoot that you had meatloaf for dinner...they want keep your #$%$ safe in many situations. No croos-country or international flights in my near future I'm happy to report!!
Malaysians shouldn't be flying airplanes. Rickshaws are good for them.
THE U.S KNOWS MORE THAN IT'S TELLING!! PLANES DON'T VAPORIZE IN MID AIR THAT IS NOT POSSIBLE BY THE LAWS OF PHYSICS!!!! SONAR AND UNDERWATER RADAR WOULD HAVE PICKED A METAL OBJECT THE SIZE OF A AIRCRAFT THAT LARGE OR SCATTERED FRAGMENTS!!! THOSE PASSPORTS ARE A DIVERSION STORY!!! HOW MANY MISSILES WERE FIRED FROM U.S SHIPS IN THE REGION OR MICROWAVE WEAPONS AND LASER WEAPONS ACTIVATED!!
Please go back to you room and your smokes. The purple aliens do not exist.
It's the Russians telling obama that if he doesn't keep his nose out of the Ukraine and the Crimea American Airlines will be hit next! When the GRU gets done with the US there will not be another commercial airlines in business for over a generation!
Man, so many idiots posting trash here. Be gone, you pea brains...
You are the idiot not specifying what is wrong with any post you think idiotic. Just get the hell out of here
Sounds like Liza needs somebody to tickle her beaver.
The Malaysian authorities SEEMS NOT to HAVE the right personnels with the right frame of mind to handle such a situation. Also from Malaysian friends, the authorities ONLY handle cases involving Royalties and Top guns????
Spoof the altimeter... Drop down off radar... Turn off the transponder. Presto!
You can't just turn that stuff off
You can't... But a Chinese electrical engineer/aviation expert can.
I'm willing to bet that Chinese patrol jets were in the air at the time and the plane turned back due to highjacking that was reported via local channels outside of any countries airspace. The reason this is not being reported is due to the huge amount of outcry it would cause on the chinese and the american govt wants no conflict with china due to our debt issues.
Oh oh oh.. and I personally know an asian girl (chinese) who has lived in Australia since she was 5 years old and not only does she look chinese she speaks with an Australian accent. Idiots!
Two comments, airliners have not broken up in flight since the 1950's. Triple 7 is the safest of the planes on the air. Draw your own conclusions.
It's the safest until 2013. It has to be some plane, somewhere.
Good to know. I would think if it broke up in flight, there would be debris of all kinds.
14 Nationalities were on board, but NO EUROPEANS ? What happened to Italan and Austria passports ??Weren't these on board prior talks say they were..? WHAT ?? the plane disintergrated at 35,000 ft/ Or Higher Wouldn't an explosion show on radar YES...Let's think Hijack.
It's possible this plane was hijacked and has landed somewhere. Or an even crazier idea: alien abduction. Probably not. I am sticking with the former.
And where would this plane have landed while staying off radar? If it landed at any airport, it certainly wouldn't have went unnoticed. You can't just land the plane in the middle of an open field.
Food for thought: What TYPE of American passengers are they? If they themselves are not terrorists, a whole plane with hundreds of other 'normal' passengers could well be hijacked merely due to these 3 passengers; seeing how Americans are globally hated. Especially by terrorists. It could cut both ways.
If the purpose was attack America, this was a horribly weak choice. Plus American citizens as not generally targeted abroad my terrorists. Govt targets are the choice of Al Queda or radicals normally.
The only reason this is a "mystery" is because the Chinese military shot it down when they learned that terrorists with stolen passports were aboard.
We are sure it was not a terrorist attack it was just a spontaneous demonstration over the inflight film that was playing. That is a WH position at this time.
If we don't get to the bottom of this, DOES IT REALLY MATTER............
I deal with the current . Like living in the past ?
why so angry ? it doesn't really matter, as long as our dear leader was reselected. a few deaths and play with the facts is not important when the outcome is to your wishes......
I sincerely hope that those of you jerkwads disrespecting this tradgety find yourselves on a doomed airliner. When you do just remember your callous attitide here and remember these words: 'what goes around comes around'.
The Right Wing snapped and passengers were sucked into a fiery wrath.
are you that sick in the head
lol man ur not right, though you probably are right.
-the Right Wing was having a Tea Party when the Left Wing decided to Crash IT!
It did not disintegrate at altitude. The floating debris field would be both gigantic and highly visible. Sorry, can't agree with this even as a "possibility".
Why is everybody beating around the bush? Lets just call this what it is. It's an act of terrorism perpetrated by the "Religion of Peace". You think because this was a Malaysian air carrier that they are somehow immune?
What about the reported text msg from one of the passengers stating that terrorists were entering the cockpit of the plane?
One text? There would be more then that. Folks can't leave their dang phones alone.
Wonder if any passenger were powerful enough to be an assassination target? How much if anything could radar have missed there? I'm assuming the plane couldn't have snuck off and landed.
Maybe they were abducted by aliens from outer space.
Stolen passports are commonplace in Asia - the continent of counterfeits - in fact maybe the plane was a counterfeit - and maybe all the people were counterfeits - maybe that's why Asians don't blink about stolen passports.
It was shot down!? Why isn't no one looking at that angle? It seems to me, people want to avoid looking at that angle. That's the only way I can see a plane, with a high safety record, suddenly disappearing.
People believe in aliens. Maybe they took it
Based on these simple evidence, US and many other countries should block any incoming Malaysian flights if the boarding security check is below sub-standard. Just a week ago, over twenty terrorists believed to be Muslim extremists attacked a China train station in a major south western city Kunming in China, 33 dead including women and children. The crime scene was beyond barbaric. This flight is a mere 850 miles from Kunming.
Boeing refuses to comment ? All they can think about is saving their own #$%$.
exactly what would their comment be???
How would I know, I'am not a mind reader. But questions were obviously asked or a Boeing represenative would not have denied comment. What could they be hiding ? That is the point.
Those pesky stress fractures always bust loose at the most inopportune moments. Just ask the Boeing wing box designers.
I saw a documentary once about a guy who was flying and saw a creature on the wing. Even though this creature was destroying the wing, nobody believed the man because he recently suffered a nervous breakdown. In the end, he shot at it through the window forcing an emergency landing thus saving the plane and everyone on board. Is it possible something like this happened here?
That was a TWILIGHT ZONE episode. It was FICTION. Are you really that gullible?
The documentary was old and grainy but it did look a bit like William Shatner. Yaya, what are you talking about? I saw the documentary with my own eyes.
It was a movie, not a documentary.
When all is said and done they will find that Muslims were responsible.
How can two orientals pass for an Italian and an Austrian? Are these security officials blind?
There are people of Asian descent who live in and were been born in both Austria and Italy, just as there are people of Asian descent who live in and were born in the US.
I believe Borden is thinking that the photos in the Italian and Austrian passports were of the original owners and the holders of them were Asian.
Another possibility is that the 2 people using the stolen passports payed off 1 or 2 security personal to let them pass through all the check points. That would definitely make it an easy access onto the plane.
Rampant globalization and individualism have destroyed the fabric of many nations. A big war - World War III - is needed to reassert the vitality of the social organisms in which we all live and upon which we all depend for our continued existence, whether or not we acknowledge our dependence on the collective whole. The days of the libertines are over. The days of nationhood are returning, and you will stand up and be counted as a member of a national group.
Cocaine's a helluva drug, even for #$%$.
We need World War III? Sounds more like you need to get back on your meds.
Wasn't that the theme for the last mission impossible movie? Keep stroking that ego brian, no one else will . poor baby….
Simply cannot advocate a World War no matter what.... History proves that war simply is not the answer. May not know what will work, but do know what does not.....imho.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," = profiling. Something that is smart to do and worthy, but liberals complain that it's racial. Smart is not right, apparently.
some racists bums will thumbs down my comment...
Liberals need to stop apologizing and codling Muslims and realize they are violent animals, Islam is a death cult.
American people who fly frequently, should take notice of this. Next time their BOTHERED by an intense search or HELD for a security problem. Young, old, sick or health your ALL collateral damage, terrorist take no concern of your LITTLE problems. We can all die the same way.
Yeah They are LYING there had to have been more found than just a door from the plane. LIARS LIARS LIARS that ridiculous to even say the plane could have disintegrated in the air IMPOSSIBLE,not the whole plane,there would be plenty of debris,they can't even show the pictures of the people who had the stolen passports.
The plane might have gone back in time like in the old Twilight Zone episode where the jet traveled back to prehistoric times then to the 1939 New York World's Fair.
I know this will sound racist but it isn't and I mean no offense. When you look at other ethnicities, it is hard to distinguish physical differences sometimes so I can imagine looking at photos of Asian passport photos all day can cause you to mis-identify two similar faces. Another example (again, no offense) is often times here in the United States we see black Americans pointed out wrongly because another person of different background saw a black man but failed to distinguish beyond skin color. "they all look the same" as is often stated. This isn't one race verses the other but more of an inability to distinguish characteristics.
Asians are very easy to distinguish, as they are generally of a smaller body frame, black hair, dark eyes, and very pale in pigment skin color. On the other hand, Italians tend to be bigger boned with darker, olive complexion. Austrians are generally fair skinned with lighter colored hair. Anyone with any common sense who works that type of job on a regular basis should have caught that.
That makes sense, thomas, but I'm still stuck by the obvious name disconnects. I'm willing to bet there may not be any Asian man in the world named Luigi Maraldi. I'm thinking the guards at the check point were not vigilant.
but the missing passports were from an Italian and Austrian..did you even read?
one of the passports was from an austrian national.
How sad that you can't make a simple observation without having to explain you are not being racist. America has a problem with overuse of this word. You make a valid point and it was not racist.
Some Asians do have European features and are close to Italian or Hispanic. Go to the Philippines and you will see a lot of that.
The fake passports belonged to Europeans. Read the article, LOL
Thomas, it only sounds racist because it's racist. You embody the definition, in fact, even if no harm is intended. By casually talking of "other ethnicities," you simply take for granted that THE ethnicity is white, as if all "other ethnicities" are non-white. Just as you say "we" in America look at black Americans a certain way - why is "we" white Americans? No, you can't claim I'm racist in assuming you're white either - I think you've done a pretty good job of making that clear.
You have a valid point. I have lived in Korea 4 years, and to be quite honest, Koreans cannot tell the difference between themselves and Chinese and Japanese. It easier to distinguish some of the the other Asian ethnicities though.
read the story closely. they had stolen passports and the people using them didn't match the nationality listed. and why didn't the names get kicked out as having had their I.D.stolen????
There's also the fact that in today's world, there are Asians who are European - American, Canadian, et al - citizens....and with that, there's also a degree of intermarriage and people of mixed "racial" origins where a name may not always match an associated appearance. But still, these cases are exceptions to the norm, and you think - considering the threats of today's world - that these instances would raise a red flag that warrants a little closer scrutiny. Complacency - that old routine - is no doubt the biggest single threat to security...and because it's human nature, it's the hardest to overcome.
I understand what you are getting at, but names, faces, statures, coloring, etc don't always add up to our preconceived notion. I'm a green eyed, red haired Irish girl with a given name that honored a Russian friend of my family, and I married a dark haired, dark eyed, swarthy skinned Greek. I can assure you no one would match my looks with my name. Then of course, there are the two children we've adopted. One from Guatamala and one from Korea. We gave them decidedly "American " names like John and Tom, but poor kids are still stuck with that Greek last name. Our Heinz 57 family definitely is subjected to racial profiling when we fly, even more now that the boys are adults. We do try to take it in stride.
You're a racist white bag of trash.
I am caucsian and have lived with predominantly Hispanic, Asian, and African populations. I have NEVER been not able to distinuish one person from another. The notion that " I can't tell one from another man ", well, if it's not racist, it certainly IS silly.
Funny you leave out whites, many of you look the same to everyone else... I personally can't tell the difference between Ace and Bob from marketing half the time!
I could care less if a bunch of strangers think I'm racist or not. I don't know why anyone else cares what people believe about them either unless there is true persecution taking place. And "hurt feelings" or "being offended" is a bunch of thin-skinned whiney bull. Anyone who looks for an excuse for labeling other people racists at the drop of a hat are on nothing more than modern-day witch hunt. Oh wait- are you not jumping to conclusions and stereotyping and labeling people just like the people you are claiming racism against? Hypocrites! Hypocrites!! If Thomas can't even bring up the topic for discussion, how will the world ever come to terms with the subject of the races living in harmony? I postulate there are certain groups that don't WANT it to be resolved- they have too much to gain by keeping the tensions high, making everyone tiptoe around of eggshells. I, for one, remove myself from your equation. Just embrace who we all are, rejoice in each individual's unique abilities. The day of the hating race-baiters is ending. Your poison has lost it's punch. We are all going to get along whether you like it or not. Am I a racist? Whatever you decide, my reply is to you is an indifferent yawn and a "meh". I've got more positive things to focus on. Like building bridges. And you should too.
Nick, you are correct. And as for America, we're so hellbent on calling out racism that we can't seem to get past this social hurdle or crutch as it seems. Instead of crying racist at every sensitive race-based opinion, how about we all admit that we just don't like anyone but ourselves, regardless of race, religion or orientation. Some whites don't like whites, some blacks don't like blacks, some yellows don't like yellows, and someone will call me out because I used whites first. Ya know what? Nothing. That's what! You hate because you've got nothing better to do. I like grapes.
The problem is asian don't look like european and european don't look like european. Most asian who live abroad have first name as western but never both first and last as western name.
@Thomas, if stereotypes are true, guards watching a full body scan can tell a white man from a black man, and an Asian man from a Hispanic man.
how can it be racist if we are all the human race? i think the proper term is ethnocentric or ethnocentricity. to me racist is like saying some dude looks like a pig or a fish. highly insulting to the pig/fish might i add.
@Stewardess, The Plane Has A Hole, where did he say or even imply anything about stereotypes? @Dwight Howard the diva, where did you get the idea that Thomas is white? He could be black. If he's black he CAN"T be racist. We all know you can't be racist if your black. You can only be racist if your white or disagree with obama right?
I can sometimes distinguish between a S. Korean, Japanese, Chinese Mainland and Chinese outside china ex HK, Sig, Malay Chinese just the way they dress, facial appearance, and move around.
Distinguishing people of differing ethnic origins takes practice and being around enough of them for a time. I've lived in Africa a long time and that enables me to distinguish Africans pretty well. Africans who have not been around many white people can not distinguish us easily. I remember recently some friends of mine were talking about how people they interact with regularly can not tell them apart. They both were similar in height and build, but one had blonde hair and the other was a brunette. Africans do not look much at hair color to tell each other apart and until they learn to look for hair and eye color differences, "all whites look alike."
It is hard to tell by looking at Asians to determine if they are from China, Japan or similar country. I work with many from each and can't tell. They are a melting pot too, Japan has invaded many of these countries and left alot of their genes there.
The stolen passports could have been Asian Italians and Asians Austrians therefore the security couldn't see a difference.
To non-whites, whites look alike too. It's hard for Asians to distinguish tell two white guys apart, many times. It's just people aren't used to things they don't know.
I had an Japanese manager once and he came in the break room and said, jeez, you white guys all look the same. I liked him, he knew how to play things up like that.
Some people have the same problem identifying whites.
I am the manager at a restaurant and I always find it funny that patrons can't tell the difference between servers who don't look similar, apart from hair color. Rarely do people actually look at the waiter/waitress, I guess, because it isn't the focus. But when asked "what does your server look like?" I get "the brunette with her hair pulled back". All of them wear their hair back, they have to! Aside from obvious race and hair color identifiers, most people look "alike".
It's also possible that whoever was checking passports just glanced at it quickly, without really seeing it.
I hope this is not the same thing that happened to Egypt Air Flight 990 some 15 yrs ago where a suicidal pilot commandeers the plane and sends it into a nosedive into the ocean. The selfishness and evil behind that act is still difficult to comprehend.
It is a fair question to ask whether we can trust government authorities to tell the truth. If the plane had a bomb on it that revelation could shut down air travel causing billions of dollars of damage to the world economy. We already know Obama will lie about anything anytime he wants.
Test the oil slicks to see if they are type of fuel use in those planes. If it is the fuel it was dumped to make one believe the plane crashed. Then, the remaining fuel onboard, the plane was hijacked after the radar detection system was shut off or it flew 100 feet above the water to avoid detection. If it is not found, we have another bermuda triangle on our hands.
I see you have covered all the bases here.
Poor guys, 45 minutes into their flight. They didn't even have a chance to eat their last supper. At least them death row convicts get to eat one last juicy steak before their appointment with the hangmen.
If this was a terrorist action, should a terrorist group take public responsibility for it? If nobody If nobody takes responsibility for it then the act of terror is wasted
1st of all the cowards are running for cover... They'll start bragging when they get feeling safe.
Some never claim the act. The really smart ones. Terror has many elements, simply mystery and doubt are good for the icing on the cake.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," You're not allowed to notice that. It's not PC.
ok , lets say it again , it's not profiling, you can claim it all you like, but questioning why an asian man is carrying a passport of an Austrian is just good security, not profiling, at least get you condemnations correct, I know it's hard when you critisize everything, easy to get mixed up on who you hated last, but lets at least stick to common sense.
Ask Google. They have pictures of everything.
Until 2008, Americans could have used one of 8,000 various documents to cross the US border between Canada and Mexico. These included birth certificates, baptismal certificates, state driving licenses, tribal ID cards for native Americans, etc. Now, since 2008, you are restricted to using a passport or using a specific Native American ID card specified by the USA. It took 9/11 for the USA come into the 21st century with passport control!
What kind of BS is this? Airplanes don't just "disintegrate" in flight! Even a catastrophic mechanical failure would likely result in the aircraft being mostly intact until impact. This reeks of poor journalism.
Airbus planes have disintegrated in flight, but bribes have rewritten crash investigations.
idiot, at 35,000 feet. take a physics class
I'm pretty sure my aerospace engineering classes and over a decade of flight experience have it covered. Thanks anyways.
A300 out of NYC disintegrated (blamed a dead pilot with no rebuttal, but many planes fly easily 2 minutes behind another), Airbus out of South America to Fance disintegrated (blamed on dead pilot, again no rebuttal), Airbus A300 out of Jamaica to USA tail came and returned to Montego Bay okay (removed from media within hours)....sure, planes don't disintegrate. I'm a structural engineer, and 4 decades flying...
Planes do not disintegrate, do not vanish in tin air, don't blow up, cannot hit the water at any speed and NOT leave debris, complete impossibility, therefore as of right now, I believe the plane did not crash, location is unknown but I don't believe it crashed,
It hit a worm hole and is stuck in the time space continuum
Have they looked on the Moon?
Imagine being one of their relatives, constantly being pestered by selfish reporters while you are trying to deal with the loss of of your child that was the pride and joy of your life. Things like this really make you think about all the things that we take for granted that can be taken away from any of us in seconds. Once again, I pray for their families, and I hope that the media gets an understanding of what they are putting these people through.
Maybe a freak mishap from one of those volcanoes in the Rings of Fire that vaporize them? By the way, boycott the Democrat Party, asian americans, as they are racist toward your children.
The same stupid comment. Quit wasting space, you moron.
Like your comments are really important,moron.
Obama the Muslim plant and his terrorists buddies for you.
China blew the plane up using stolen US technology.
Finally, someone who isn't afraid to speak the truth. Malaysian Home Minister Hamidi, just above, called out the fact that people of Asian appearance were using Italian and Austrian passports SHOULD have been a red flag. But, thanks to "multi-culturism" can't be questioned, or else liberals will scream bloody murder.
Just as stupid as US lib and "activist" groups called for an end to racial profiling. Certain groups of people are known to affect a much larger percentage of crimes. So, profile away.
The Plane is NOT under water, relatives of the passengers have been able to call their cellphones but no answer if the plane was under water the cell phones would not be able to ring as they would be broken by water.
They were in the air meaning their phones should have been off to begin with
You Maoist Han Chinese are going to be attacked by both Uighur and Tibetan freedom fighters until your jack-booted storm troopers leave their native lands. No Chinese will be safe anywhere in the world. You have behaved exactly like the Japanese Imperial army of the 30's and this is PAYBACK
They got hijacked, turn off tracking devices, landed it in somewhere in North Korea.
Russia or somewhere with in the fuel range.
The answer is so simple: the plane was hijacked by Aliens. That is why no trace, no sign no anything left.
Such a horrible way to die.
Barrack Obama Thinks There is a Good Chance This Might Be another Workplace Violence Incident!
This is sounding like a missile strike more and more, just that the politicos don't actually want to say so. My sympathies to the families.
My sympathies to the families but I do not thin there was a missle strike.
At dinner last night, I accidentally dropped my fork. IT NEVER HIT THE FLOOR! Poof, gone! And that was just at 3 feet. Imagine what what would happen at 35,000 feet. New miracles of new space age polymers and mass production genius.
The plane disintegrated into nothing? So what about the first law of thermodynamics?
What nonsense!!! Disintegrated in mid air & ending up in microscopic dust particles? Without any trace of it falling in the sea?
I guess its possible if they never find it.
WELL, ISNT THAT SWEET. THE PHOTO OF THE MALAYSIAN COAST GUARD BOAT THAT LED ALL OF YOU TO THE PAGE OF THIS ARTICLE, THE MALAYSIAN COAST GUARD HAS MODELED THEIR BOATS ALMOST SIMILAR TO OUR OWN COAST GUARD IN THE UNITED STATES. "THOSE HASH MARKS AT THE FRONT OF THE BOAT".
The lithium batteries are suspect on the 777. Maybe those failed?
Latest. Taiwan Civil Air Authority had received SPECIFY warning on attack of China's airports. This occurred on the March 4th. Taiwan has just admitted that today. But it is unclear whether it had passed on the information.
Jesus Christ done gone raptured them all up into heaven. With GOD, anything is possible
Why not ask the NSA and CIA...they know why kind of underwear Julian Assange wears everyday but can't find a jumbo jet?
Why can't they admit that they have no idea what has happened yet. We are reaching here with the plane disintegrating. Maybe the plane was below radar and didn't have communication and crashed in the Vietnam jungle. Maybe they are looking in the wrong place for the plane.
"Why can't they admit that they have no idea what has happened yet." They keep saying that regularly. Can't you read?
They know where the plane was when it disappeared from radar. Plane crashes in the sea typically leave large debris fields floating, and huge fuel slicks. Planes and ships have scoured the route of the plane for three days, and NOTHING! Perhaps the plane was hijacked, made to descend below radar, and flown to some unknown location for whatever reason.....
they should just do away immigration, they don't do nothing them lazy #$%$, look at all the illegal immigrants they let in this country 12 million that the dark one wants to legalize.
US marine.... You should run for PRESIDENT in 2016... We need someone we can be PROUD of. You said the TRUTH.
We'll look on the bright side, there are still over a billion Asians in China.
To me, this is a big eye opener. It makes you wonder who your getting on that plane with and your trusting everyone that they don't have any ill will towards the other passengers. It makes me kind of scared to fly anymore.
What a shame you can't go back to your tribe.
Certainly, there were hundreds of cellphones on that plane, we all know those can be tracked.
It’s really comforting to know that 2 Muslim men can get on a plane with stolen passports that were stolen years before and reported stolen, as long as some 6 year olds were strip searched along with their grandmother and her denture cream was confiscated. Wouldn’t want to offend any 18 to 30 year old Muslim dudes with stolen passports would we?
Deport all Muslims immediately. They are evil murderers who have infiltrated the united states and are planning Jihad
Why aren't they checking every passenger's cell phone history? Possible saved LAST messages in draft form at 35,000 feet is still possible!
The crash happened early Saturday night their time, not the US's. This is now Monday morning US time, just how long do you think a battery will be good for underwater. Also in order to have connection at 35000 feet in an aircraft in flight you have to use the aircrafts communication system. The Aircrafts pilots made no communication of any problem so its very doubtful any passenger would have know of any impending doom until it was to late to react. Even if the aircraft had nosed dived from 35000 feet intact the gravity forces would have been too much to overcome for the passengers who would have been subject to much more violent downfall as they do not have the same type of safety restraints as the pilots. you also would have had everything flying through the air around you including laptops and contents of over bin containers, and the sudden loss of altitude would also cause a need for oxygen if you were able to reach it. In one word. THINK!!!
It is very important and serious point that the two passport impostors purchased the flight tickets together. This is a very serious concern pointing towards the act of terrorism.
This is unprecedented - an airplane crash with no body parts. How annoying and it ruined my weekend,
imagine YOU had family on that plane; would you be so callus and funny then? Try COMPASSION and EMPATHY, it can do a person GOOD
Meanwhile, liberal democrat senators from California are racist toward asians by voting through SCA5 BILL that would reduce asian students' SAT SCORES down 150 points while GIVING african and spanish students and EXTRA 360 points on their college requirements.This is an effort by democrat senators of California to reduce asian students in University in California from 36% down to 13%. ASIANS, PLEASE BOYCOTT THE DEMOCRAT PARTY AND VOTE STRAIGHT REPUBLICANS to stop this racist tatic by democrats.
Really? How about white students? I thought that supreme court already decided that Affirmative Action was not constitutional.
Whites students are being punished also since they are only giving EXTRA points to blacks and spanish students. California still playing a different rule because the majority democrats in its senate and assembly feel they have the super majority and can push through any bill they want.
Why am I rooting for terrorism to be the cause?
I'm thinking because I want the Muslims to hate someone besides us
Maybe Christians are different, but I believe, though most Muslims do not resort to violence, behind closed doors they're all on the same side
I lived with one for 18 months in college, straight from Pakistan, still friends with him, he came over indoctrinated but quickly saw the benefits of American life, he would tell me, before 9/11 and our complete destruction of Middle East mind you, that just like we are taught in first grade 2+2=4 they are taught to hate the white devil in school, he, Danish, used to say Americans say they hate this or that but they have no concept of true hatred. So maybe Muslims born and raised here are ok, but any Muslim who grew up in Middle East has been taught to hate you just like you were taught your ABC's
Do you walk around telling black people that many whites hate them behind closed doors? Well what Muslim is going to tell you the same?
You need to open your eyes and see that Muslim countries think all Americans are just like our government leaders that destroy their countries, they have no idea what the average American is truly like, I can't tell you how many times Danish told me that
My outlook is fine, I'm just not naive. Have you ever heard the phrase, the more one believes the more reprehensible they behave. I've been to the Kashmir border, I've been to India and Pakistan, believe me it's not all peaches and cream in the real world, hope you never have to find that out for yourself
I agree with you about religion, if my life was any better i couldnt stand it, I grew up in a house where racism did not exist, my opinions are formed through my experiences only, I have Muslim and Indian friends who I play golf with who I like very much, if you want to look for the good in everyone I can't fault you there, but don't ignore the bad, blind trust is a dangerous game that will get you hurt, I know from personal experience
I don't hate anyone and would not judge a person without first knowing the man, but hate and trust are two very different things
Terrorists caused the plane to dive into the sea.
Bugs Bunny blew the plane up. He's a hijacker.
US blew it up. Only US would be despicable enough to blow up the plane then cover up with dog sh1t
No he is a troll which is worse. I could excuse an idiot but trolling over dead people is just wrong and pathetic.
Americans are trash and US is a pathetic country.
I GOT a illuminati newsletter in my email at the end of February, stating there will be a illuminati bombshell in March. I guess this is it. Those poor people. I'm praying for them. And God himself will get those evil illuminati people for doing what they did to these poor innocent people. God is not mocked, whatever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.
No it was definitely Aliens that did it.
Disintegrated? There's only one likely possibility: The plane blew up.
When the jet ran out of gas, some passengers furthest away would survive the initial turbulence, then as the plane tore apart as it dove would find themselves free falling in their seats alone at 30,000 ft above the ocean. Some passengers would even unbuckle themselves from their seats only to be thrown around like rag doll in the dark abyss above the black ocean. One has to wonder what they were thinking as the minutes ticked, and the thought of becoming flattened like pancake on the ocean surface became real. Some would survive the initial impact, but the packs of sharks on would be on the area in minutes. A terrible way to go, and all because the airline forget to put fuel in the plane.
yeah tom you #$%$ they wouldn't have been thinking anything
Uh, actually at that height you would instantly a pass or die instantly due to shock . Most likely they had no more than two sec. onds of that before they knew nothing at all
That's some imagination you have Tom.
@Tom...please stop drinking...or smoking...or better, writing!
Having fun imagining all that? Does it get you off? Christ, what a ghoul.
"The jet ran out of gas"? Did the pilot fail to heed the "last chance for gas" sign?
Actually many would have survived the impact on the ocean, but the sharks don't leave a trace as they pulled the survivors under.
Tom, you're pathetic. Do you have to go change your underwear now?
I know this is no laughing matter, but IBEBACK, your comment made me giggle. As for Tom, this was written like it was going into a short story or something, but if the plane had run out of fuel, how would it have leaked out into the ocean? They said they found oil slicks right? Also, at that altitude, the only thing the passengers would have thought about is, "I'm dead" for roughly two seconds if they were still conscious at all (which at that altitude is highly unlikely) right before dying. Do you know what the amount of force would be on someone's body after free-falling for 35,000 feet? Falling from a couple hundred feet could break most of the bones in your body so falling from 35,000 feet, the chances of surviving are very thin to none even if you hit water. You should see that episode of mythbusters where they tested that myth about using a hammer to break water tension. It was busted of course and that was not a horribly high drop. Even after breaking the water tension buster didn't walk away without a crushed ribcage. Sorry to burst your bubble but I think your theory may have a few flaws.
I believe Tom only wrote that for the attention which we have unfortunately given him.
Planes don't run our of fuel one hour into the flight unless they have a serious leak, which, in that case, the plane would have never left the ground. Aircraft are loaded with enough fuel reserves to divert to another aircraft if necessary, sometimes an hour or more away from their original destination.
80,000 planes take off every day. Amazing this doesn't happen every 24 hours.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," WOW! Can you imagine what the ACLU and other liberal leaning groups would think if we actually stereotyped individuals based upon APPEARANCE?? Lawsuits...boycotts...protests! But then, this tragedy and others might have been averted had we done so!
The band Nirvana also disintegrated at the height of their career. I still haven't recovered.
for the plane to be disintegrated in mid air without leaving any debris it has to be loaded not with passengers, but with explosives. from the nose to tail, including luggage compartiments. And everything has to be syncronized to detonate exactly at the same time.
Obviously, the plane was blown apart by a bomb, not giving a chance for the pilot to give a mayday call. Why are people hesitant to say this?
Listen to common sense. People traveling with false passports and a plan disintegrates in midair. That my friend is a bomb. Period.
"Common sense" is irrelevant. "A good chance" is irrelevant. You make your determination on what you actually find, not on what may or may not be true in a couple of preliminary Yahoo or Reuters news articles.
I guess the word "Terrorism" is not in your lexicon. The plane took off from Kuala Lumpor, where the 9/11 attacks were planned. Yes, I will say it again. A bomb. Common sense.
Pretty soon they will be saying it was an Alien attack, not terrorism.
Test run for an explosive to be used in the future, on a much higher profile flight.
I thought the whole idea of "test runs" was that they would be low profile & wouldn't set off international security alerts...
SLC, why am I an #$%$ ? I sure don't want to think such a thing...but you have to consider all possible explanations, which is what I did with my post. Now you run along and go #$%$ yourself.
It could still be a ground to air missile and the stolen passport is just a decoy for inevitable investigation afterwords.
Is it possible that the NSA needed that plane and now it is in Roswell NM?? Or is there a Devil's triangle in that area?? OH Hell --why don't we just blame it on George Bush or maybe we can get a case with our almighty supreme court and will will sue the families of the Wright brothers--you know that is possible in modern day America.
actually there is a triangle its called the dragons just like Bermuda look it up another rfactor could be magnetic fog and it went into a time warp very real possibilities but you definetly wont hear that from the msm If it did indeed break up they will find the pieces, if not then its anyones guess
" The United States extensively reviewed imagery taken by American spy satellites for evidence of a mid-air explosion, but saw none". I say all hopes are not lost! What if the radar was ordered (By Hijackers !?) off and the plane was forced to land on some remote area. They need to search everywhere & not just the water.
The search radar isn't on the plane, it's on the GROUND! The IFF/SIF transponder (Identify Friend or Foe/Selective Identification Feature) is on the plane, but that doesn't prevent raw radar returns from ground stations from being displayed. ALL hope is lost.
Do they think we're that stupid or gullible? Disintegrated? Did it go out into space and try to re-enter the earth's atmosphere? My guess is either they were guinea pigs to test some new weapon, some people are trying to fake their deaths, or there's a secret meeting no one wants to know about. A plane doesn't just disappear.
You've never seen high-speed fighters after a missile strike then. They can just blow apart into tiny shards from the airflow.
ok Jules your right the plane didn't just disappear or disintegrated so tell us what happened? no in your case it is stupid and gullible. Really? secret meetings, faking deaths? are you hearing yourself?
The plane may have been snatched by a UFO from another planet. No, I am not joking!
Great... here come all the whacked conspiracy theorist!!
There are so many Asians how do they know maybe the jet landed and nobody knows yet if it did or not.
THIS DOES NOT MAKE ANY SENCE AT ALL. I'AM SO SAD FOR ALL THE FAMILIES I HOPE THEY QUESTION UNTIL SOMETHING IS FOUND. AMERICA WE HAVE GOT TO WAKE UP.
political correctness has probably just killed hundreds of people. profiling is far less offensive than pat downs and full body scans, in my opinion, and if the border officials had done just a little bit, these people might still be alive.
Nobody with an IQ is going to by this BS line. Aircraft simply don't just "disentigrate" it just does NOT happen, without a cause. This is some kind of attack or terrorism and the fools just don't want to say it. Either islam or north korea, doesn't matter, the truth should be told, who cares whose "feelings you hurt" that does not matter, getting Justice is what matters now.
Mark: Are you as dumb as you appear. First you say it doesn't happen Then you say it doesn't happen without a cause No (s)hit) sherlock It is too early to tell if it was aterrorist attack but authorities are looking at the possibilty.
Wow, is that the best you have???? Come on, where are the Adults in this conversation??? It was some kind of attack, if you think differently, you're just a damn fool.
Asian americans, please boycott the Democrat Party as they are racist toward your children. California senators just push through a bill, SCA5, in an effort to reduce asian students in California University from 36% to 13% by reducing asian students' SAT Scores of 150 points while given an EXTRA 360 points to blacks and hispanic students. White students are also being punished also since they are only giving extra points to black and hispanic students so BOYCOTT DEMOCRAT PARTY, ASIAN AMERICANS.
What are you rambling about? Did you hear something about a plane crash?
Pokerface your meds aren't working for you anymore. Try something stronger.
Fishead? White students are also being punished too. dennis, Are you also a racist democrat?
Caitlin, I know about the plane crash, it involves a lot of asians too.
Never heard of California University. It must be one of those private online places.
Funny, Morons like Jacque, dennis & Caitlin still debating about something they don't know about. Even the authorities from multinations still don't have a clue yet these morons think I should be on meds for talking about current event.
Poker hand, who are you trying to bluff? The democrats did it...It was Obama's Fault.. You people are so pathetic
Precisely my point, Trebor. the democrats did it. That's why I'm calling for asian americans to boycott the Democrat Party.
I think this plane was, not SHOT down. But blasted by an EM pulse weapons. Just like the twin towers. I see this as a sign, that the Illuminati's plan is going into effect very soon. I'll also be watching Connecticut very closely to see if they actually go house to house looking for guns. This Spring and summer are going to be eventful.
Search every corner of your trailer for your meds.
So, are you kidding or are you just crazy HolyDiver?
Way to go yahoo. Title the article "official: jet disintegrated" and then go on to describe how nothing is known of the jet. What kind of corporate culture is in place at yahoo? You're a bunch of yahoos, alright.
yahoo is a news aggregation site, they just reprint the news. You can see the names of the people who wrote item are at the top. I noticed the comments won't load for some of the articles regarding the Malaysian plane.
Obama sent a war ship over there to help with the search and rescue of 236 foreigners. But he couldn't send a single person to Benghazi to help our Ambassador and 3 Navy Seals who were brutally murdered.
The ship was already there, Teaturd whiner.
Just like Finkle you can't let Benghazi go, Laces Out Dan
I've got a reasonably logical theory, don't those Asian muslim types fly with like a cage of chickens or goats with them all the time, well....what if a couple got out and stampeded through the plane overturning plates of humus and whatever the (f)u(c)k those people cook that smells so bad? I anxiously await, the storm of thumbs down.
Disintegrated? Segregated maybe. Blew up maybe. Taken to some airstrip?
"waves hand" forget about Ukraine, there massive natural gas deposits and pipeline to and from Europe. The Russian threat to turn it off - crash the US economy through junk debts over sanctions. Here's a TOTAL mystery to distract you and take your mind off our idiot leaders.... These are not the droids your looking for! Too bad they can't dig up Michael Jackson for another distraction. I wonder what's next? Logan gonna od and come clean on Oprah.
Some how this airline security in the far east reminds me of how the global warming scam works. Here in the US, we spend billions and have the NSA recording everything and 2/3 of the world does nothing. We kill off industries and jobs in the US as a solution for global warming, and 2/3 of the world does nothing.
All this is BS, Trust me they have found plenty of debris, they are going to keep the truth away from the public till they come up with a story to feed us , and the victims families.. The space shuttle challenger blew up 40 miles in the sky back in 1986, they found 80 percent of the disintegrated , and even re assembled the space craft. There was so much debris floating on the top of the water, they used skimming nets to collect the floating debris... Anybody believes they don't know what happen already is a sheep..... Malaysia should have to cover the cost and compensation to all victims family even if this is found to be mechanical... which iam sure they will probably go that route due to sales of airline tickets will drop... Malaysia didn't enforce a simple rule regarding passports.... Fu....K the person who allowed the fake passports....
Yes and there was a man on the grasses noel.
The challenger blew up only 73 seconds into the flight, they knew EXACTLY where it was when it exploded and it was still a very long and lengthy search and recovery, scattered over 100's of miles. Go sell your conspiracy theories somewhere else.
I thought I was stoned when I first heard about this story but clearly I wasn't that stoned. How is a freaking 777 disappear? This is some creepy metaphysical and quite frankly unearthly stuff.
I think they were victims of alien abduction and will be found in the Bermuda Triangle in a few days- No worries! Everyone be HAPPY, HAPPY, HAPPY.
Very odd. The 777's safety record makes a catastrophic failure seem very unlikely, and if it were an act of terrorism, someone would have claimed responsibility by now -- that's the modus operandi of terrorists. I don't like to buy into conspiracy theories, but a military incident (accidental or not) is looking more likely at this point, as that is the one thing everyone would want to cover up.
Pyggie needs to do his homework and stop making things up. Gaddafi paid compensation to the families of PanAm 103 back in 2003.
Another point, although I got all thumbs down, a group called the Chinese Martyr Brigade has taken responsibility.
This is starting to sound more and more like an episode of "Lost" it really is. Plane disappears no one can find the wreckage...its crazy id there isn't any sign of the plane start searching areas where that plane can be undetected by radar and look...those fuel slicks could of been another plane just dumping its excess fuel...idk something just seems fishy to me.
Democrats think it is Bush's fault. Obama is having a news conference to place the blame on someone, anyone, but himself.
Poor OS. Still can't come to grips with the election(s), huh...
Davy, Does your mom call you Davy?
She never did. She would be well on the plus side of 100 today. But what does that have to do with the situation??
Just asking because I don't know, but had the impression that there is a "May Day" button in the cockpit that the pilot can hit if he is being threatened by some dangerous passenger. Well, there should be. And there should be another button saying, "Don't have time to chat right now because we are going straight down."
There are transponder codes for just such situations. But that requires a functional transponder and the time to set the code (Only a few seconds...but that can be a lifetime in an emergency).
This cannot stand. That plane tied the whole room together. The Dude
Forty-six percent of Malaysians are Muslim and unfortunately, this needs to be factored into an explanation as to what occurred. The radical elements within Islam have spoken many times in the past and it is no stretch of the imagination to consider they may have done so again.
It would have to be factored into the list of POSSIBILITIES the "explanation" on the other hand would be based in the FACTS found.
Plenty of crazies who are white and/or christian in the world too.
Sad as it is, the plane is gone as are the passengers. Yahoo.... please stop running this story over and over and over again, day in, day out. We have heard it ad-nausium and enough is enough. Not unfeeling here, just get tired of the constant repetition. Thank you!
Why is there not much being said about the ground collision this jet was involved in about 1 1/2 to 2 years ago? It clipped wings with another jet.
A valid question, perhaps, Joey, but it would have nothing to do with this 'accident.'
It has bee reported time and time over and over, maybe you should read more then just this one story. But the fact that this plane clipped the wing of another plain, while both were on the ground well over 2 years ago has nothing to do with this plain disappearing 2 days ago...JEEZS
I do not buy that Richard. Though I am not an aviation engineer, I am a civil engineer and something with a wing span of nearly 200 feet and known to have been damage raises a red flag. They could have repaired the collision part but the damage could have extended beyond the known. Time and pressure could have caught up to the issue.
I am not a "aviation engineer," either, Joey. But am completely convinced that any and all damage that may occurred during the wing clip would have been thoroughly examined. NO airlines wants to be liable for plane "disintegration," much less the loss of lives.
All this high knowledge and radar and they can't find a 777, WHAT A JOKE THIS IS' But they found the TITANIC though in 1964 or earlier, SAD?
the titanic wasn't traveling at 400 mph.
The Titanic was found in 1985, Francis. And it only took 73 years to find it, and they HAD it's location the entire time!
I'm asian and I have American passport. Hope I don't get anal checked whenever I fly now
don't worry. they will let you slide while 90 year old granny will have her pamper examined.
If you have a picture of an Austrian on your passport, you might.
It's certain that they will. All a holes are checked, without exception. Especially, a hemorrhoid as you
Make sure you wear a clean pair of underwear next time you fly.
Call your doctor, tell him you can pass on that examine, you're taking a plane.
Its those cheap part from Taiwan. Buy American.
@Brooks: You must have bumped your head!!!
At least my vehicle doesn't just fall apart randomly. Ooooohhhhhhhhhh!
" 'I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces,' he was quoted as saying late on Sunday." Sounds like old-fashioned American racism to me!
Well, you'd know all about being an American racist, huh?
The jet didn't disintegrate. It's likely at the bottom of the ocean largely intact.
OR they were abducted by aliens....
sounds reasonable to me, planes don't float for long.
oh.. and OZMAN28.. Learn to spell "you're" you idiot.
I do NOT buy it. The US and many other nations have "spy" satellites, they know the general area where this plane disappeared and the time, so WHY not check their surveillance for that time/location???
Obama's focus has been to spy on Americans. Maybe he should focus on muslims?
Are you already sure this was Muslim terrorism? No group has proudly claimed responsibility so far, and the 38 Malaysians on the plane were probably Muslims.
Yeah, other than that previous "scandal" about Obama's controversial Pentecostal minister. Oh, I forgot, that was all an act to hide that he's a Muslim. Yeah. Go Fox! Do I fit in yet?
Now we know the life span of super glue. It's been two years since they super glued that wing tip back on that same plane after breaking it off by hitting another airplane at their airport. I always wondered about its long range ability to hold things together.
All we have are beliefs of what happened, but I believe the Muslims wanted to see their 72 virgins and decided to take everyone with them! There is absolutely NO passages in the Koran that tell followers to "Love they neighbor." The only commands number about 100 to kill the infidels! It's time to PROFILE FOLKS if you are smart!
Everyone involved is deeply saddened no doubt especially during a time of such uncertainty. What a racist thing for Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi to say. Many children have been adopted over the years and to say a last name doesn't match a race is just racist; any way you look at it. Shame on you Ahmad!
Really? You think that was racist? And that's what you are concerned with?
I find it hard to believe that there is a bomb that these Chinese terrorists could be carrying that would reduce an entire 777 to such small parts that a debris field of those small parts will not be found by an Orion? Just sounds odd to me... I mean it is so odd that the next thing that we are going to hear is that Terrorist Group has the passengers and will use the plane against some target of their choice if they don't get what they want...
Sounds interesting but the fact that they've been missing for 3 days makes me think the plane isn't flying overhead anymore. They would have run out of gas 2 days ago.
Ginny, It could have turned off its transponder, flown to an undisclosed airport in China - or wherever, and be sitting on the ground somewhere waiting for the right moment for the terrorists... That would explain what the lost touch with it so quickly - the transponder was simply turned off when the hijackers took the plane...
If This Is a Terrorists Attack Which Video Will Barry Blame it On!
If it was a bombing would a false flag have the most significant sought after effect?
So You think I am too hard on Israel? Study up on the USS Liberty.
Must be the Republican Party that are racist toward Asian American children.
marty is stupid and pathetic so you know he is a liberal
How does a mega-jumbo jet disappear into the ocean with 240 passengers, luggage, and 100,000 gallons of jet fuel and not leave a trace? It did not crash.
Air France didn't show it's debris until 5 days after the crash.
I remember going to a car lot once and one of the salesmen , that looked very Arab and had a thick accent, said, "hello, my name is Steve Smith"...I started laughing out loud
A plane crashes into the Pentagon on Sept. 11, 2001. There were no photos showing the engines, seats, luggage or bodies anywhere. A plane crashes into the ground in Pennsylvania on September 11, 2001. In the photos of the crash site, did anyone see the plane's engines, seats, luggage, bodies or any other aircraft wreckage? PONDER THAT ONE!
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," This guy definitely doesn't know what "immigration" mean.
No, he displayed what some of us call 'common sense'.
Have you ever met an Asian guy named Luigi? I know I haven't.
People keep saying that this was a stupid comment…but if the security staff noticed that this was at least a LITTLE bit rare, and checked twice, they would have caught TWO criminals that day. And the idea that they had Italian and Austrian passports isn't the rare thing -- the idea that they both had Italian & austrian first and last names is significantly more improbable.
I know an Asian guy from China named Guiseppe who was adopted at age 14 by Italian people. No joke.
Could Boeing have had a worse last 2 years than these last 2? This company is going to be in serious serious trouble. it's airliners are apparently not just crap, but dangerous
Maybe they should search Area 51 in Nevada?
On the contrary, if the plane broke apart at 35,000 ft, wouldn't there be wreckage everywhere?
Yahoo should have a separate comments for mourners who want to hook up.
no they shouldn't. what they ought to do is shut the whole thing down.
BREAKING NEWS!!! Reuter's has just reported that the jet is in orbit around the earth as this can happen with a bomb type explosion which propels the jet into the earths outer atmosphere---the space shuttle has been re-instated to go get the passengers and deliver them safely to the space station---Thank God and Jesus it is now over and all are OK!
"You shouldn't automatically think that the fact there were two people on the plane with false passports had anything to do with the disappearance of the plane," the diplomat said. Yeah we shouldn't "RUSH TO JUDGEMENT" just because 2 people with stolen passports from a Muslim country, after a plane disappears. Who is this diplomat, and is he related to Obonehead?
Wow. Who knew there were so many plane wreck location experts reading yahoo news tonight. All of you geniuses need to contact the authorities immediately with your brilliant theories. I bet those 40 rescue ships and 20 search planes are just farting around in a half mile circle, all confused with no idea what to do.
Wait, how can this be terrorism?? I clearly recall Obama stating during his reelection campaign that terrorism was over!! How many times did Jackazz Joe Biden state that GM was saved and bin Laden was dead -- because of him and Obama?? All you sheeple that voted for Obama remember that when you're clinging to your free cell phone as the plane hits the water!!
They asked Dubya and he said it had WMD on it. Then he suggested flying the Bin Ladin family around like he did after 9/11.
Nicole,if everyone punished the family of a criminal because of the criminal only descendents of Lot would be left alive today and I seriously doubt that you would be one of those!! The facts are that the Clinton administration's policy caused 9/11 and Bush II was left with the mess to deal with, which was less than spectacular!! Obama's foreign policy fiasco will be left for the next president to deal with, because the rest of the world is on another time frame than every four to eight years!!
How does an aircraft spontaneously disintegrate at 35,000 ft?
How does a person with a brain ask such a stupid question?
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. LIBERALS would CALL THAT... "PROFILING" ...in America. That is agains the Liberals law. Not allowed to DO that. The ACLU will be knocking on your door if you do. GOD...how I hate LIBERALS.
This is the direct result of the foreign policy that is George W Bush and Ronald Reagan. Reagan played footsie with terrorists, the Iranians and Sandanistas and George Bush let the 9/11 terrorists through the gates of Logan Airport. This is a direct result of the ridiculous post of Thomas which follows this post. Blaming politicians for everything that goes wrong in the world is dumb. Watch out driving to work in the morning. This Monday historically has more accidents than other Mondays because of the loss of sleep caused by the spring forward Daylight savings time.
LOL - yeah, Reagan bombed the crapola out of Libya, killed Qaddafi's wife and son and very nearly killed Qaddafi with a huge F-111 raid right after Lockerbie, and Libya coughed up the bombers to the UK right thereafter.
Oh shut the F--- up, stupid leftist.
Disintegrated.. Hmm? Kind of like flight 93? Just magically disappeared with no wreckage to be found?
Get a life and a clue.
Fall in line sheep. The tv truth box has more regulated content to feed your patsy mind.
My question is.. After all the years plenty of people (and I'll say more than half) know the media fed America a plate of bull on that day. When do we all put up a big enough stink to get the truth that Cheney and company masterminded that whole thing?
@Alchemist - There were eye witnesses to the plane crash and yes, there were pieces of airplane found. If, as you say, it just disappeared, where are the people who were on it; why has not one of those people come forward with the truth; why do they have so many witnesses? You do really need to get a life.
Great question where are the people who were on it? Every plane in history that's ever hit ground there were bodies scattered about and in some cases survivors. Flight 93 left a smoldering hole in the ground. Anyone with at least one eye ball and brain knows there were massive cover ups.
@ The Alchemist.... You are a complete FUCKING FUCK UP...
Richard is probably god fearing man too. Typically the case of people taught to ignore the obvious from a very young age.
Looks as if the same people who dreamed up what happened on 9/11 is writing this incident's history also. Sad thing is, many of the stupid sheep in the world will actually believe it.
"Dreamed up what happened on 9-11"? Millions of us saw it all on TV. I know what happened.
Less Chinese eating shark fin soup, using tiger bone and rhino horn potion, and buying stupid nick knacks out of elephant tusks. That is a good thing!
They would need to have a nuclear bomb to completely disintegrate the plane. I still think terrorists took the plane somewhere else. Indonesia is know to have a terrorist problem. The Indonesian Chinese Muslim Association has criticized China's brutality against the Uighur Muslim minority frequently. However, would the plane be picked up on Indonesian radar, even from the small outer islands that make up Indonesia? How sophisticated are these smaller Asian countries radars?
Are you freakin' kidding me? They would need a nuclear bomb? There are devastatingly effective explosives that would easily do the horrid job. C'mon, Nelson...you do know that, don't you?
Catastrophic failure could allow it to disintegrate from the forces it was subjected to.
Blaming this on terrorists is the EASY thing to do. Man, they've really fooled the masses well
I once said to a cop, it's legal for motorcycles to run red lights in Nevada, so why can't everyone else legally run red lights even if we can do it safely ? And he said : Because if people run red lights safely, that means less people sitting at red lights, and that means less pollution in the air, which is a bad thing, because we need bad air quality so that people will get sick and then they will sign up for Obamacare, that's why I will punish you for safely running red lights, because we need you to sit at red lights and pollute the air so we all get sick. And I said : You really think you can get away with this ? And he said : Yes. We've been planning this for decades. We allowed motorcycles to run red lights in Nevada so that we could test the public to see if they would catch on to us and realize that they could safely run red lights, but obviously they didn't. Our plan is working perfectly.
You do know that the red lights existed prior to 2014 right?
What R u talking about? Way too much eggnog in March?
Oh, was that cop one of your personalities?
Disintegrated = shot down. They'll find a way to tie in the stolen passports. Stay tuned...more lies on the horizon.
Look for an extremely happy shark-- with a necktie on. That's the 1st clue.
Probably shot down by China for invading their new proclaimed airspace.
Very real possibility that this is what happened.
Are Malaysian officials Filipinos? Or do they just act like them on camera?
Malaysia & the Philippines are neighboring countries in Southeast Asia....they share similar racial traits (Malay race). Just like the French, Germans, Dutch all look Europeans.
I would be more concerned about all the living homosexual perverts causing problems, than a few dead Chinese.
only because you are a bigoted fool --- personally, I would be more worried about anyone you come into contact with --- your disease may be contagious.
Until there's definitive proof, I'm not going to presume anything. Disintegrated, give me a break!
No one told you to presume anything ..so move along.. they are trying their best to figure out what happen
Chuck, I agree with you. Universal Master, go to hell maggot fool.
I agree with Chuck too, it might take years to find it like that French plane over the Atlantic, but they will find it.
No. They DID say to presume. The headline on the main page said: OFFICIAL: Plane disintegrated. Then you get to the story & its different.
UM: No one told you to tell anyone what to do. So, shut up. CP: Do you really want to be the kind of gullible person to believe anything? Really, what kind of modern-day jet-liner just "disintegrates in mid-air"? That would have to be one poorly inspected airline. It doesn't even make any real sense!
Another one bites the dust! What a cover up, and people are believing it. Amazing!
I'm sorry to crack wise about this horrible tragedy but, every time I see that CEO of Malaysian Airlines, his enormous ears make me thing he surely must have 'heard' something.
you all are being taken for a ride they know what happened and choose not to say please planes are tracked very carefully if they drop even 50 feet with out being cleared to they know do to satellite tracking its not a case of there one second gone the next
You have NO idea what you are talking about,,
So its true; Asians are equally bad at driving as they are flying.
Libtards in United States refer to them as Freedom Fighters. To the rest of us in the world, they're called terrorists.
Contards call them conservatives...the rest of the world calls them crazy.
The likelihood of this being mechanical failure is pretty small. Most accidents like this are pilot error or bomb. However, there are only a few asian airlines with reliable safety practices.
This particular aircraft had previously been involved in an accident, and "repaired"!
My thoughts and prayers are for their family and friends.
God bless all those involved and hopefully they are found safely.
Why didn't Taiwan pass on the specific warning to China's civil aviation authority is now a much BIGGER question. Did Taiwan aid and abet terrorists?
What does Taiwan have to do with any of this?
This is all bullshit, I do not know who is trying to hide the truth. But we have technology that we can see a ant crawling on the ground from space. stop believing this even happen.
So basically, everyone on board turned into pork fried rice.
This is obviously a cover up. Planes do not just fall apart or disappear. The real question is - who were these passengers and why did the government want them to go away so bad? Anyone who believes anything the OBUMMER administration says is a fool. There is a bigger thing at work here. We know it and they know we know it. Stay vigilant and stop letting OBUMMER take away your rights.
Paranoid much. Take your meds and shut up.
So then what happened? Two sheep have no rebuttal, outside of "take the tin foil off your head!" Dang sheep
Shills, Caleb. Sure sound like it to me. Old "take your meds" line, then they back each other up.Pretty obvious.
Why don't you three morons (Caleb & Goldstein and the original commentor), wait for some facts to get in, instead of thriving on rumor mongering assumption based on your ideological hatred.
What, pray tell, is my "ideological hatred"?
You'll hear about this crash and about Ukraine from Obama, just as soon as he's back from vacation.
Profiling by name, you are 100% incorrect.
maybe the plane never existed and this is being drummed up to create tension between two nations. Very unlikely but it sounds like something that could happen knowing todays politics
yes, boo me for thinking things not mentioned on fox yahoo news. we must only repeat what was fed to us right?
Disintegrate into thin air??? How? Why? Who is not telling what they know? Yet another coverup in the works.
It sounds like suicide bombers,because they are ready to go meet Allah in paradise everyday and they have no concern for human life. Pure speculation at this point.
I hope Alex Jones keels over from eating a triple cheeseburger.
and shoves it up your fat ssa.
I believe the materials of what those planes are made of should be examined and the planes to be made of materials that don't "disintegrate" and/or "fall apart."
I believe this plane went down in one piece and is laying at the bottom of the ocean floor. If it had exploded, there would be debris floating - but there is not. There are, however, twin traces of oil, leading me to believe the plane is down. I think the pilot may have intentionally flown the plane down, slowly, so as to not allow the plane to break up upon impact.
THE ONLY OTHER POSSIBILITY IS THAT THEY HIJACKED THE PLANE, WITH OR WITHOUT A PILOT'S HELP, FLEW THE PLANE TO ANOTHER LOCATION AND ARE MAKING SURE TO BE SAFE, TO LATER CALL IN AND ASK FOR MONEY OR FREEDOM FOR SOMEBODY OR SOMEBODIES. Like they did to the Israelis, a few years back.
You are nutso. There are more possibilities than you can imagine.
The earth is starting to cleanse itself of these disgusting human creatures. I'm still waiting for that massive asteroid impact!
Maybe it's been hijacked. Is it possible for a plane to fly under radar and be diverted to an unknown location?
No, it's not. You're very stupid. Go back to bed.
There was a report that the pilots may have fallen asleep after servicing multiple flight attendants shortly before departure.
This has nothing to do with marginal or stolen passports and possibly everything to do with Boeing. Rather than wait...all U.S. Boeing 777's should be grounded immediately. However I do not feel the airlines industry or the U.S. government actually care about the citizenry.
I knew it I knew it. I am sure that there was a crack somewhere where they just patched it up and got bigger inside the patch. This happened in another Chinese airliner called China airlines.
I have heard the wing tip was damanged and had been repaired.
Israeli boarding agents would have caught the terrorists before they even got on the plane. They use PROFILING as a tool to detect potential trouble.....Asian passengers carrying passports with European names would be a BIG red flag. Other countries are too politically correct or just dumb (TSA agents are high school grads) to connect the dots.
I think airplanes need to be limited to 10 flights then they need a overhaul. Airplanes where not designed to fly so many flights between maintenance cycles.
Wrong, most fly 10,000 hours safely, before an overhaul.
Hong Kong's Air Traffic Control Center reported on Mar 10th 2014 around 17:30L (09:30Z) that an airliner enroute on airway L642 reported via HF radio that they saw a large field of debris at position N9.72 E107.42 Picture and commentary at AVHerald
Sorry Charlie: Planes do not disappear unless they are blown out of the sky. At a minimum the black box should be present. Sound's like a Chinese or North Korean Newbie was practicing
Now, Mr. Air Expert, put down that keyboard and lend Malaysia your expertise to locate that shoe box sized device over hundreds of miles of ocean
Mr. Kim Dung Heap has an itchy trigger finger.
Two-thirds were c~h~i~n~k~s? Any connection to the attack at the train station last week in China? Maybe somebody is getting sick of the Chinese and thinks their overpopulated race should be minimized. Can't say it's a bad idea.
I bet if you try really hard you can. You just don't want to.
Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. Come to Atlanta, there are tons of US citizens that dont look like they belong here. You cant judge a nationality by its cover anymore.
Bullsh**. You're just stupid. Certain nationalities have very distinct characteristics if you've ever been outside of your own backyard in your lifetime to know the difference.
Why do white people talk about Asians at Starbucks?
asians are hard workers and dont leach the welfare system......blacks and mexicans are a different story
More Gov propaganda, I say we need to do away with all governments and start over, you know, like, with honest people for truth.
Eat sheep, eat. You will swallow the drug and believe what you are told period... how many fingers!?
All the evidence points to: Flying Otters!
Hope the media find the Democrat at the White House who order this plane shot down.
Do you really believe that the media will report it, if so?
wow, you the only one who knows the truth. hope the Democrat at the White House find you and have you shot down.
Ya know what's scary about some of these comments? These conspiracy morons are so stupid that they actually believe it.
Obama sent a war ship over there to help with the search and rescue of 236 foreigners. But he couldn't send a single person to Benghazi to help our Ambassador and 3 Navy Seals who were brutally murdered.
It's not a mystery - it was Islamic terrorists. Duh. But Obama told us the Muslims were our friends, just like Putin! Hey Obozo - the 80's called - they said to USE the Cold War STRATEGY!
It was probably lasered from a satellite and just who has and operates those satelites?? Why, of course Russia, China and NK! Take your pick! But if Putin wanted to show force to Obama, he would probably be the best bet right now, but of course NK has been pretty frisky lately and have been launching missiles in the sea. So, who knows???
Nobody has satellites that can shoot down airplanes. NK has no satellites period and if you had a clue about geography you would know that they at nowhere close to the area that the plane dissappeared
Important , you are so "Unimportant" ~~ and stuuuuuuuuuuupid
With the only evidence being oil slicks and they cannot find anything else, I think the plane made an unplanned landing somewhere. Airplanes dump excess fuel before making an emergency landing and I think that is what happend. My theory is that the plane was hijacked and they landed it on the water or a small island and it got transported by a boat or something. The plane would not just simply disintegrate
Have they checked all their skyscrapers?
the results are in...you're not funny!!
ok whose skyscrapers are you talking about? if you know what your talking about
LDJ, the results are in... you're not smart enough to get my humor.
sea turtle you're not smart enough to realize it's not a joking matter!
Different strokes for different folks, LDJ. If I ever have the misfortune to go down in a plane crash, you have permission to make all the jokes you want. I won't mind.
There are so many Asians how do they know. Maybe the jet just landed.
There are so many Asians I doubt that plane is missing. They just cannot keep track of their own numbers.
look at the main photo is some #$%$ Muslim Islamist crying for the passengers when was probably her relative that blew up the plane. Yahoo what's your freakin problem?
Terrorists love to brag. If it was an attack than we should have heard ready.
I found it odd that NBC interrupted regular programming to announce that the plane was missing. I was expecting to hear some pronouncement from the White House, or some breaking news about the Ukraine, but I wasn't expecting "a plane is missing." Tragic, yes - but worthy of a "Breaking News" announcemement?
And when did NBC do this? And please provide video evidence that they did.
Is that because every day a plane goes missing? A fully loaded, 200+ passenger airliner at that. I guess that in your pathetic little world, this is an everyday event. Have a little compassion, you jerk.
I say maybe Obama had something to do with it. He had these people flown to a remote island so they could be pickpocketed & have their "wealth redistributed."
The plane and it's inhabitants were taken by aliens to do sexual experiments on them.
Malasia has for some time been an area in which known terrorists from Al Queda etc. have been able to operate, hold high level meetings, etc. Malasia is overwhelmingly Moslem, and extremist groups are known to operate there. China is also home to growing Moslem extremism. Planes don't disintegrate for no reason. If it looks like a duck...
If it looks like a duck, you'll call it terrorism no matter what.
Glad someone took the time to report this. I watched TV yesterday and was disappointed that they spent more time pumping up the lying republicans than they did letting us know the status of this plane. But that's America now. My thoughts and prayers for all these people on the plane and relatives.
Why has Obama given a "stand down" order to our Border Patrol.???
America was trying to see what would happen if an airplane was hit with a rail gun.
So wouldn't Barry Hussein have to fly home to Jakarta and issue you another Muslim APOLOGY, A Genius for a Muslim?
When and if they find the aircraft, lying next to it will be Amelia Earhart's plane.
China is testing new stealth technology. Getting ready for WW3. They are laughing so hard right now.
This is a government cover-up. Even packs of C4 will not completely disintegrate an entire jet. The only plausible explanation is Alien Abduction. The jet was tractor beamed into a mothership, travel at light speed, and the humans are now mices for alien experiment in the underground base in New Mexico.
If you're not kidding, you're IQ is below 60/
Fred, you must be stupid! My IQ is at the genius level. If you don't know anything about JAL flight 1628, Phil Schneider, the battle between the US military and aliens in Dulce New Mexico, the battle between the UFOs ( search "foo fighters) and the 415 US squadron in WWII. And Hitler's anti-gravity craft which #$%$ scientist built, you're IQ must be 1 or 5. If you don't know that it was actually a group of #$%$ engineers were responsible for getting a man on the Moon, you better go research Wernher von Braun - the head of NASA at that time. He got his knowledge of the Saturn Rocket Booster V from aliens.
possibilities 1. bomb or doors opening at 35K - plane would have blown up into many pieces (not likely with the evidence) 2. plane went straight in the water at high velocity like a missile and stayed mostly intact so it sank odds are low, but it is possible 3. hijacked highly unlikely as someone would have seen or hear the plane landing or it would be picked up on radar 4. alien abduction possible 5. Black hole possible
How is this a bad thing? We should not mourn the loss of Muslims in any situation as they would not mourn us as a matter of fact they are taught from a young age to kill 'non believers' Quran (2:191-193) - "And kill them wherever you find them, and turn them out from where they have turned you out. And Al-Fitnah [disbelief] is worse than killing... The more that die the safer the world becomes.
What makes you any better then the Muslim's?
Too bad king Obama, Kerry, Hillary, Biden, Pelosi, and Reid were not on that plane...
Do you enjoy large objects in your behind ?
I can't say that would be a bad thing. But you just may get a knock at your door.
Has anyone considered the possibility that this plane has been hijacked with the purpose of refueling it in some location and using it as a bomb in a more serious plot - which would explain why there is no debris and no terrorist group has taken credit. If I recall from 9/11, pilots are able to disengage the radar transponder in the cockpit...
The whole world is likely aware that this plane is missing. Wouldn't another airfield report it's whereabouts if it had seen it?
You can't hide a 777 from radar.
You have to fly under the radar to avoid it.
I am also wondering if it was hijacked. While it can't hide from radar, depending who the hijackers may be, they may intimidate other countries into concealing the aircraft path and it's landing destination. I'm guessing this is improbable, but you never know. Right now until they find proof positive of a crash, the authorities should consider all options.
Could it have been aliens? You never know. I mean, there are NO TRACES whatsoever. How can a plane that big with so many surveillance technology and tracking satellites not be able to track down a jumbo jet like that? Either aliens with stealth technology got them, or they could've just gone into orbit and floated out into space.
maybe the plane is in some country hijacked . I mean there would be some evidence if it went into the ocean. I hope so. I cant even imagine the horror the families are going through. My heart goes out to them. May God give you peace.
if it was hijacked it still should be able to be tracked on radar.
Survey Says: GINA IS A DUNSKY.
Liberals Reaction: This is a terrible tragedy, probably brought on from a mechanical error, or quite possibly the act of terrorism. Either way, this is just a horrible event and I pray and hope the families are getting through these rough time and know that we're all hoping for them and wishing them the best. If it is terrorism then let's hunt down those cowards and bring them to justice!! Conservatives Reaction: This is Obama's fault.
Right Cowman, right. "If it is terrorism then let's hunt down those cowards and bring them to justice!!" I laughed out loud when I read that, thanks for the morning smile.
Also so comical with the Obama's fault line, as if Bush hasn't taken the blame for everything Obama has ever done by the democratic party, you should really look in to being a comedian, funny.
Unfortunately, you are right. Either that, or this is a conspiracy, they are lying to us , they know where the plane is ... yada, yada, yada
@ Marine...yeah, funny, like the time Bush brought...oh yeah, NO ONE to justice and instead obliterated an innocent county that had NOTHING to do with 9/11 and instead got on his knees for the Saudi Prince and let Osama roam free. It took Obama to order the Seals to whack that prick. Oh...and remember when Capt. Phillips and his boat was taken over Somali pirates and again Obama ordered the Seals to kill them?? Oh right, you don't because you have a selective memory. Right, and Bush had NOTHING to do with the economy and wars and debt he saddled with us before Obama took office. Let me go buy you a Delorian so you can go back to the future, and visit us in the present.
Cowman you're spouting nonsense, everything Obama has benefited from was put in place by Bush, all the intelligence leading up to Osama's killing, all Bush, yes. Obama was at the helm when it happened but everything that lead up to that, Bush, and to think the liberals are some kind of savior when it comes to the war on terror, you're fooling yourself if you believe that!
Typical leftist media trying to distance Islamic terrorism in the news, next Obama will be talking about how Islam is peace, if its found to be we will be told how they don't represent Islam. They also said Fort Hood was not terrorism, but Hassan spoke to a radical Al Qaeda cleric, he chants Allahu Akbar while killing, and the pathetic left calls that "Workplace violence"
Typical rightist whiner who doesn't make any sense.
She can't help herself, S, she's a MORON!
Perhaps the plane disappeared in the Malaysian Triangle.
and with all the hype of not profliling, gee, we are all a bit brain dead with political correctness. I mean how dare you to ask these Asians what they are doing with European passports. doesn't inclusivity and sensitivity to feelings and above all a disdain for profiling trump wondering how an Asian has an Italian or Austrian passport.
Passport photos are not that bad! They had to be forged.
People from different races live all over the world. The clue would be the Italian and Austrian names not matching the faces. But again who knows Think about how many people of different ethnicity live in the US, are citizens and carry US passports..
James - no kidding. Perish the thought that someone of Asian descent migrated to Austria or Italy.
That would be a very stupid question to ask. European countries have been accepting immigrants from all over the world for generations by now.
I'm sure that many citizens of European countries have an Asian heritage, so why would they be automatically questioned? You really can't use a person's ethnic appearance as a primary tool for screening. The real concern are the stolen passports, listed in an Interpol database, but causing no security warnings or prompts. If I was the passport holder, I would expect this to be an issue each and every time I used it. The fact that an 'imposter' can so easily use a known stolen passport shows the whole security process is meaningless.
Missing the point here...it is not too likely that an Asian will have an Italian or Austrian last name. I understand that many Asians do get adopted but it is not likely that two adopted male Asians are going to go into a travel agency and purchase tickets!!!
Not that we know anything conclusively about the stolen passports BUT Israeli security would have questioned these characters exhaustively and I feel confident they would have never gotten on that plane. Why is the rest of the world so PC at the cost of as much safety as possible?
My wife is from the Philippines (short, black hair, brown skin, etc), but now she has a southern Illinois address and a German surname. The photo on her passport looks pretty good.
Ed - These were GUYS, not gals. The 'changed my name because of marriage' excuse doesn't work. Come on, think.
You Think Richard. If the picture matches the person holding the passport, doing the double-eyed squint at them because they reside in Italy but look asian is ridiculous. Adopted, family may have changed their name generations ago when they immigrated there to try and fit in better, men do change their names in marriage now-a-days, especially when marrying into an affluent family. I personally know a man who did that, his wife is a femnazi. Point is, racial traits don't have to have a cultural name.
Carrie - Give it a rest liberal cartoon head.
...and names like "Luigi" and "Christopher"........ yeah, sure. HAHAHAHAHA!
This is a horrible story. I find it so hard to believe that the jet could just disintegrated into mid air. Would the black box still be intact ? Aren't they indestructible ?
Barack Obama is claiming responsibility. Just saw it on CNN!!!
Why does it seem that people who voted for Romney somehow want to see something political in this, when no one really knows what happened yet?
Because they are Teaturdlicon fascist dolts.
Who? I have been watching the News all day. I've seen nothing politicizing this event.
They do not make planes as they use to anymore. Also terrorist attacks, cheap tickets budget cuts, women pilots, sky rage, corporate greed. It makes you feel real good when you fly these days doesn't it
Until you went all Liberal with the "corporate greed"....I agreed with you.
And that was enough to thumb me down?
we must take the time to understand what causes muslim terrorists to commit these heinous acts. Until we understand them, we will never get to the bottom of it. Reach out to a muslim today and understand him
Well Mark , all they want is for us to be just like them in every way and believe the way they want us to believe , that's all . Are you OK with that answer ? I have some very good friends that are Egyptian Muslims and they don't think like a terrorist . However they will not be a part of telling the authorities who a terrorist may be . Do you know why ? Because as a good Muslim they live in absolute fear of their Muslim brothers that may be terrorists . Their lives and their families lives are at stake and risk being killed , no matter where they are in the world . The Muslim faith is based fear of they neighbor and even thy brother . Mark . You and your kind are fools and will never be excepted by a true Muslim follower , no matter what you do or say or believe . They will not trust you ever . They "will" kill you sooner or later .
Someone was on the plane the world money masters wanted dead. They did 911,they kill presidents, they start wars, they do as they please when ever it is for their advantage. And our government also works for them. This is life on planet earth controlled by the moneychangers., Some call them zionist,others illuminatti, I call them EVIL
Pffffffffft...Relax people!! It's just your average 777/submarine that Obama has secretly been developing in the Lincoln bedroom of the White House. Capable of 35,000 ASL to 1800 BSL in minutes. It's going to an underwater FEMA camp (where they keep mermaids) off the coast of Australia.
My vote goes to the US Navy P3 in the area used a radar scrambling device to cloak the "missing" plane mainly full of Chinese people and divert it to someplace to offload a "strategic" passenger (or set of passengers). If not a US P3, then perhaps a chinese variant. This was the type of plane (P3) in 2001 the Chinese captured and reverse engineered to copy all of the advanced surveilance equipment on it.
Disintegrated? That sounds like the politically correct way of saying how Asians are attacked by a certain ethnic group and it's described as "mere racial misunderstandings, not racial hate crimes?" So we are to believe the plane just disintegrated in the air due to being defective or poorly built or aged? How stupid it this...DISINTEGRATED?
The local governments almost certainly already have the tapes of the people boarding the planes, and thus, have the faces. From this - they almost certainly have the names of the people who boarded using the fake IDs. Finally - they almost certainly already have positive IDs of the affiliations of those people. It is likely political correctness that will keep this administration in the US from sharing that info - which leads me to believe they will also meddle in preventing that information from propagating elsewhere. Notice how the media is already saying it will be "weeks or months" before real answers are available but in fact - they are in somebody's hands NOW.
dont tell me that you do not trust your govt(sarcasm)
you are stupid!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this is an Asian incident and you point fingers at the US govt. GFY!!!!
And notice how you go from "almost certainly this and almost certainly that, but without any evidence to support my claim" to your absurd claim that you know the answers and that everyone else is lying. You're just another conspiracy wacko who hates America.
What does this have to do with the US? Stupid moron.
Maybe we will have some answers by week's end. I hope so. If it does not come then there will be some pressure on whomever to hurry up.
"Almost" is the key word. Most cults are formed by things that "almost" exist, Let me asked you, who killed JFK?
it is a big ocean and is it not fun blaming barry for everything?
Why would terrorists hit a Malaysian airliner with one American adult on board. Who is angry at Malaysia ?
I thought the worlds most unexplained mysteries were the 6.6 billion dollars Bush send down to Iraq stacked in cash on pallets that disappeared and only 1.4 million was ever accounted for...Or the fact that every single working architect,explosives expert and demolitions expert in the entire world say the 9/11 report is wrong and could not scientifically happen they way it is explained in the report.
Now lets hear about the trillions that your man Obama made disappear!
Don't worry Musr... ag in De Nile. Barrack Hussein will just print some more! Experts also believe that someone sprayed camel buckscent into the WTC to lure you guys in on 2/26. And Clinton KNEW! LOL
The plane and every passenger is at the bottom of the ocean. Give it up.
Thumbs down if you agree with any of my posts. K, thanx.
They will have the exact location in a report from one of our subs in the area. they heard it hit the water but can't just pop up and help. They are on a secret classified mission but it will come out in a report when they make their usual contact.
Just the greatest hoax foisted on the American Public & the World, flight 93 let's roll. Yeah Todd you rolled over & disintegrated when that air to air missile when flying up the tailpipe.
Of course it disintegrated! That is what happens when a plane blows up!!!!!!!! islamists blew up the plain! islamists blew up the plain! islamists blew up the plain! islamists blew up the plain! islamists blew up the plain! islamists blew up the plain! islamists blew up the plain! If the plane was turning, or going to turn back, the pilot would have notified the airport well before hand!!!! Your lies are so weak now, even a child can tell you are lying!!!! Russia, and who knows which other accomplice governments, including the US, put them up to it! Indonesia is the largest population of islamists in the world. The troops in the Ukraine are islamists, NOT RUSSIAN! That is why they are covered up like islamist women, and have on generic green dress(es). This is a distraction from the Ukraine conquering. Just like Russia has taken the Ukraine with islamists, China will let Indonesian islamists take Malaysia, and then the Chinese will take Indonesia, Malaysia, AND The Philippines (to protect them from those evil old islamists), as soon as we finish delivering all the money and relief equipment and supplies, which should come to at least a BILLION! Kerry is about to give Ukraine a BILLION dollars, even AFTER putin has conquered the nation, yet we have “threatened” sanctions! “I’m going to cut you off!!!! Here, here is a BILLION DOLLARS before I cut you off!” Senator obama voted to disarm Ukraine, and destroy thousands of tons of weapons. Today, they have been conquered, without the ability to fire one single shot in defense of what was their country! Musical chairs, for the one-world-government, has commenced! Pray for Israel; the end has begun!
Facts: 1) Plane altitude went from 35k to 0 in a second. 2) Manufactured in 1981.
Thumbs down means folks prefer tooth fairy tales and not the facts. Why?
The US shot down an Iran Air flight full of passengers many years ago - but nobody wants to remember THAT.
Yes- blame the victims. USA hypocrites!
Didn't the russians shoot down one?
Bannon be an An American doesn't mean that You have to make excuses for your Country when your country was wrong! It was determined that the order was wrong that 2 officers disagreed with the Shoot order and They could see that was a civilian plane. Iran be a terrorist Country doesn't mean anything when You kill innocent people !
When You don't have the facts insult! typical extremist so just because USA sometimes do wrong things moron Doesn't mean than I'm a Patriot and I don't love my Country stupid! It's for love my Country that I wish and The founders fathers did too that Our behavior shouldn't be of the one's aggression stupid and by the way moron! I'm an american white married with a white person, white kids blah, blah and The USA's is not the great Devil but also It's not the Lilly perfection that You say, grow Up, stop to be infantile . And by the way I'm a white american, don't molest goats, seems that You have some experience with animals if You are talking about, I have all my teeth and They are in perfect condition, I am not backwards at all I traveled the whole modeled, I have a master degree, and people with higher education don't laughs of the people of the East just uneducated, unintelligent people do, people like and Look right here We have plently reasons to laugh, of the stupid extremist Evangelists, the Tea Parties that are just like the Taliban imbelices, Grow Up stupid!
@Sevi22 - You're also a horrible liar. Your posts scream foreigner. And if by some odd chance you are a "white american" then, based on your sentence structuring and random capitalizing of letters and all together incoherent rambling, I doubt you have a Masters Degree. I'd even argue that you don't have so much as a G.E.D.
I wonder if anyone has considered that the plane might have flown low, dropped fuel, water landed, evacuated the passengers to a waiting ship, the plane sinks and the only thing you find is the one door they evacuated from?
Nope... nobody SANE has considered it. Hell, that's even too frigging loopy for Dopey Joe Biden to come up with.
This Is Starting to Look very Much Like another Workplace Violence Incident RIGHT BARRY!
What on Earth does your president have to do with this?
Oh I don't Know DUMB Wife Just When a Terrorist at Fort Hood Kills 13 People While Screame GOD is Great in Arabic and YOUR Not MY President Call That WORKPLACE VIOLENCE Might Have Something With The Way I and MILLIONS of TRUE Americans FEEL!
What does your president have to do with this airline disaster? We aren't talking about Fort Hood. You Americans think you're the only ones in this world. Otherwise, why would you have a screen name like yours?
And why do you assume I'm an American? What makes someone a TRUE American, anyway? And why do you nut jobs always have to yell about your patriotism? If you're really patriotic, wouldn't you just act that way and stop trying to broadcast it all the time??
The US probably had the plane disappear. Trying to assassinate one person and if they have to blow up planes to make it happen, then they will. USA is the most evil corrupt country in the world.
Whoever wrote this is an idiot. They are encouraging ethnic profiling on the part of border agents. Selling fear. Planes lose horizon reference and fly into the ocean at night. Nobody even sees it coming. Sure it isn't likely. Neither is disintegrating at 35,000 feet. Maybe it happened maybe it didn't. A bad passport does not a bomb make. And half the passports on that plane were probably suspect in some way. A passport is a paid for document. Not protection. Metal detectors and vapor sensors can stop a bomb without looking at the face of the human being and making a quick decision whether an australian should have an oriental face! You want more people attacking planes keep strip searching them before boarding. Dorks on patrol.
Ever heard of Asian-Australians and Asian-Americans? What's wrong with an Australian with an Oriental face?
Steve, do you know why Elal is the safest airline in the world? Their security screeners are looking of BAD PEOPLE, not bad things. Is that profiling? You bet, but hey, it works. They don't strip search 6 year olds or 90 year old grand mothers in wheel chairs.
Sounds legit though. I dont necessarily think its profiling. It's just going one step further to confirm someone's identity. Like an OBVIOUS white man having the last name Yamaguchi. No profiling, just a little heads up to possible identity theft
Whether you are naive enough to think that passport control does not profile, I assure you they do. You may not like it, but it is sometimes the only thing that gives you a clue. If you came across a passport of an Eskimo that said "Emilio Garcia," you're telling me that doesn't bear further scrutiny? An Asian with an Italian name and and Austrian name is rather stupid for you to be rambling about. If you don't give passport control anything to work with, how do you expect them to do their job? You have to allow them some tools and you might not like it, but that is what they do.
But wouldn't it be on radar if they just flew into the ocean? I mean the change in altitude, wouldn't that show up?
Yes Melisa. The article even said that the plane was shown on radar at 35,000 feet & still climbing,then dissapeared from radar. Some people don't read,they just type....
Plane was carrying money that Obama borrowed from China to help cut our defense and buy more food stamps. Sounds like a great idea
Asian's build nothing with pride, that paper airplane IS GONE!
Yet it was a Boeing 777 from the US in the article above........... Which article were you reading?
Was it Asia? Apparently, the jet was inspected by Malaysian airlines 10 days before the crash. I REST MY CASE.
You have no "case". You comment revealed that you are under the delusion that the aircraft was manufactured in Asia. You need to go back to Obama and drink some more koolaid. Remember Tater-tot - "You didn't build that" - Your messiah and hero Obammy did! Obummer built that plane that in between golf rounds.
I think it was an alien abduction.
And I think youre an idiot
There's nothing in this world quite like having violent anaI sex with a dead Chinese chick.
This goes to show you there are no "safe" Muslim countries. Malaysia Airlines is probably the easiest target to test how the terrorists can sneak bombs or bomb making material on board.
Not only are there no safe muslim countries, any other country on earth that has let muslims in is not safe anymore either!!!
How a balck men were able to board on plane with Italian passport with white face. L0L
The use the information on the passport to issue a false one with a new picture.
isn't fair to say we need to impose visa restrictions on Italians and Austrians until they secure their loose system???. L0L
this guy is a racist we ARE NOT ALLOWED TO STEREOTYPE PEOPLES....A BIG NO NO... "I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces,"
What do you mean we are not allowed to stereotype people?? I stereotype all the time when in airports and on airplanes. A certain culture I won't let my eyes off of and if I find out there is more than one on the flight, I will take a later flight. Wish US airliners would ban all muslims from flying. It would make everything a lot easier, not to mention safer!!!
so since blacks commits lot's of crime, it is fair to say that you stereotype them and discriminate vs them like you do with the towels head? some will say that you are a racist, and in my eyes, there is nothing wrong with that...
Who would fly on a plane piloted by foreigners who cannot speak or read the English instruction manual?
European passports and Asian faces. Lucky for us he didn't say that here in the US. The ACLU would be all over him.
Aren't there any tracking devices on these smart phones, which passengers most likely had? Could there be an iPhone which was armored (Griffin Survivor, perhaps) , where a signal could be captured?
The black boxes have pingers which can be heard for weeks, 100's of miles away. So far zilch.
The phone thing wouldnt work if its underwater which is a possibility. You cant get a signal on land half the time much less hundreds of feet underwater.
if invisible god thingy meant for us to fly would he have not given us wings?
religitarded repuke...did you remember to set your clock back 60 years yesterday...?
Let's hope of alien abduction. At this point that would be the best scenario.
No, the best case scenario would be an alien abduction of all the FREAKS in Washington DC who are jumping up and down, frothing at the mouth, and seeking "terrorists!"
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. stupid comment. we have a different world now. What he should say is WE messed up by not verifying that the actual passports were stolen.
There are Asian Austrians and Asian Italians. I also thought that was a stupid comment.
That was a perfectly legitimate comment. If we weren't so obsessed with politically correctness maybe this wouldn't have happened.
Disintegrated my #$%$...there would be SOMETHING left behind. Luggage, seats, etc. I hope they aren't trying to pull a 9/11 and say just like the one that hit the Pentagon just..."up and disappeared". We all know that's bull.
We may never know the truth. Don't know it from 911. Well I do but most people wont believe it.
it fell over a vast area of water. did I say vast.
This plane didn't go down in the local lake idiot.
Hey those on the left; explain to me why you don't think it's terrorists?
It's simple- Those that are named court-nee, are ditz's and won't understand.
Car is a lemon with no gas for brain fuel
Stupid, stupid, stupid question. Its like,...Hey those on the right; explain to me why you don't think it's terrorists?
Is that the best you can do? How long did that take you?
If the plane was attacked by terrorists, who attacked the plane?
Ugly Iranians like you. God your one Ugly MF....Get plastic surgery you Troll loooking cretin.
David, if the plane was attacked by terrorists, then terrorists obviously attacked the plane, however no one knows at this point.
David isnt Iranian, he is some prissy little ignorant peruvian
Why didn't god care about these passengers? Did they not pray hard enough to please him?
The Chinese are communists and atheists.
The only thing that could have disintegrated a 777 and leave no debris is a Martian death ray!
It seems that it worked on your brain. Oh! it's disintegrated by, Martians.
Believe me this is no terrorism act its just Obama's way of getting rid of useless population.
Then why weren't you on it?
The most probable cause is that Putin ordered the plane shot down as a smoke screen to China. Being one of Russia's biggest allies, China disapproves of Putin's actions in Crimea. In order for Putin to gain more control of the Ukraine, he has to distract his allies while he does it. This is not beneath the KGB leader as he will do anything to restore the original motherland and vault himself into history as one of the most important figures in Russian history.
Waht I dont get is... why dont they start putting a GPS locator type thing on EVERY FLIGHT PLANE that takes off... that way if it falls down and crashes or if it falls down because of terrarists than we cud easily find out where it is... if we can track outer space like that... why is it so hard to track a plane like that that is falling down?
I blame Obama. I bet he knows what happened to it.
You are a donkey's hind end
Keep your stupid and non sense comments for yourself.
Wow people sure don't know how to take a joke....
Chinese people make excellent fish food.
Does you dad eat your mom very often? lol
Texans make excellent fertilizer with all the &*() that comes out of their mouths.
I hate to say it but the people who blew up the plane were still on it. Who does that unless you get 72 virgins when you're done? There's no evidence or past history that Asian people have ever done that in the past. This is more cover up, just like Obama and his press core have done every other time in the past this has happened.
They no longer get 70 virgins. With all the suicide missions, they are down to only 5 and some may be transvestite virgins.
brian , you have the look of one
After they hit the time portal and it teleported them to New York 2001, they hit a building and that was that.
Terrorists fly planes into things, not make them disappear.
Are youf king stupid or something?
Terrorists also use bombs. Does the Boston Marathon ring a bell?
Malaysia is a stinkhole dump that only a fool would visit. Can you imagine being born there? Barf.
I can imagine being born you, yep barf.
There is little doubt that this was a terrorist plot. Malaysia, once a "safe" Muslim country, has experienced alarming unrest in recent months. The only question is why this particular flight was picked for martyrdom. We may never know the truth.
We may never know why morons like you post here.
You can bet your sweet a z z that Obama and Holder had something to do with this.
Maybe it was the guys they released from gizmo
You freaking idiots can't even identify an Austrian and and an Italian compared to an Asian person, what kind of people are you hiring for these jobs , those people that let them get thru were the first line of defense, and you let all these people die , how will you sleep at night?
because its impossible that someone from asia possibly could have been born in a different country
Yeah because America is the only country that has Asians with passports.
Most asians want to be white anyway, so there's really no way a difference could have been determined.
In ObamaLand, you are not allowed to do racial profiling.... KaBoom!!!
Well you can be of Asian ethnicity with Austrian or Italian nationality. But regardless I agree that higher security measures should be taken.
I don't know from what country you reside, but obviously you don't go outside your home nor have you ever traveled. There are people of all colors in every country who are citizen of those respective countries. I would certainly HOPE that TSA would not start questioning individuals based whether or not they "look" like the nationality their passport dictates.
Of course only asians live in asian countries and never citizens of other countries. For example their are no asians that have US passports!!!!
Are you saying an Asian cant hold an Italian or Austrian passport???? what is worrying is that passports reported stolen can still be used for travel...
nkogh, you hit the nail on the head there. Those passports should have raised a red flag because they were reported stolen.
The dead passengers: coming to a Chinese restaurant near you.
Whites behind destruction yet again...the sky is also blue. Now tell me, where are the idiots with the white crime statistics like you see plenty of when 'others' are involved in negative stories? Hmm...odd that these punks are treated the same way like when there's a nra member shooting someone, a nut blowing up a building, or praying on kids...ya know vile #$%$ whites tend to do! ~_~
What? Get some sleep and try again later.
a new bermuda triangle? a land search should be started with all the ships planes and sataltes searching the ocean debris should of been found by now if the plane did have mechanical or electrical problems the logical choice would be to head for land and it was stated that the plane turned
I believe it was an inside job. Planned and executed by Obama and Biden just so they could start another war. And Biden was the brains of the operation.
They did it for oil "Janelle"
In Islam, the only path that definitely leads to heaven is martyrdom It's the only route that guarantees you entry into that mythical land of virgins. Dave prophecy102
Getting on a Plane With a Pilot Named Zaharie Ahmad Shah is Like Electing a President of the United State With HUSSEIN For a Middle Name. Yep I am a Racist! Against Morons Being President No Matter If the Half Black and Half White!
Why is it so odd to be an Italian Asian? We have Mexican Americans... Asian Americans... how racist.
The generation x-factor crowd is out in force tonight spewing their wacko theories. No doubt they all voted for their spiritual leader Obama too.
The X Teaturds are the originators of those.
Its funny because people on both sides have their ridiculous theories. Just because you think something crazy may have happened doesn't mean you had to vote one way or the other. The anti-Obama crowd seems to be a bit wacko themselves with how they think their guns are in danger.
Barry's jealous. He must be old. Poor guy.
The authorities didn't want to admit it because they don't want to look stupid in the whole wide world. If there's evident of extraterrestrial involvement in this case, they wouldn't say it.
Hey Confucius, Who do you think wrote the Project Blue Book? Americans or foreigners?
How do you have access to this information, have you been contacted?
let just say Science is my favorite subject.
Nope, I probed your mom once.
Nope but I have a meat probe.
Do you have a tin foil hat? And if so, can you tell me how to make one?
Sorry, no tin foil hat. I leave it to the expert, you.
I am an expert, at whoomping little vietnamize MMA STYLE!!!!!!
US & A, you know, the ones running this blue rock
Texas? I like Texas. Shooting in my back yard with my M1 and my Desert Eagle.
Short fat chinamen do not like Texas, I'm from Pa
Plenty of vietnamese in Texas. Check Houston, Dallas, Austin and etc...And have you ever heard of Dat Nguyen? 5'11" and 230lbs former linebacker for Dallas Cowboys and now one of the defensive coach?
Really? 2014 and we don't now what happened to that freaking plane? This is suspicious to me, very suspicious!
At 35,000 feet a pinhole in the fuselage would cause it to disintegrate. All would die almost instantly and that would be a blessing.
Debunked multiple times through science and actual examples of the pressure vessel being compromised while the aircraft makes a safe landing.
It is true, I assure you. The plane would instantly lose cabin pressure and disintegrate. If you say it's not so you're just showing your ignorance.
The tests were done with a static (parked) plane. Those tests didn't take into consideration when a hole gets blown in the side of the plane, even after all the air rushes out and the pressue of the plane is equal to the ambient air pressure at that altitude, you now have 600 m.p.h. air rushing past the hole, which would have a much lower air pressure than the stationary air inside the plane.
Shooter, I'm a jet pilot. I'm familiar with industry events including depressurizations due to structural damage. And your aviation expertise comes from........?
Ryan, you're a jet pilot and I'm Abraham Lincoln.
I believe they are searching the wrong area. There has got to be some evidence somewhere of what happened.....or is this another Sandy Hook??
What a cluster. More $$ spent to find no bodies that feeding an equal number of starving indigents.
I suppose, the science here would say, if a bomb blew it out, there would be pieces small enough to float and be seen on the ocean surface. Since nobody has seen this, maybe the plane was hijacked?
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday. We also have Asian faces with American passports. Should we be worried based on his poor judgement?
How large are the naturalized/native Asian populations in Italy and Austria, J? Think before you post.
Seriously! People of all races live in every country. Ignorant statement to make.
More likely to see an Asian American than you are an Asian-Italian or Austrian. Not impossible just not as likely.
L, I've been to Italy and I've seen many "Asian faces" who were born there just like I've seen all shades of color that were born in the United States. His statement was ignorant. Think before you respond.
What he means is the names - you may find an asian name with #$%$ or European passport...but generally the name would relate to their ethnicity, and should give one pause...the names were not oriental at all...However it is a stretch to expect everyone to know this and it could be embarrassing if the person is genuine..
J, hie is from a part of the world where there is no other ethnicity. I am sure many asian Italians and Asian Australians are as worried as you are.
The pics wouldn't match the person.
The same should go for you L Over 300,000 in Italy. Obviously not huge but not like there is just one. Hindsite is always 20/20.
Yes, that is a very short-sighted statement for that official to make. It is not at all unheard of that an individual of visible Asian origin could happen to have Austrian or Italian citizenship and thus, have one of those passports.
ONLY IN AMERICA, oops! bammers illegal melting pot, no ID required.
An Asian named Luigi? I lived over there for 5 years and never heard a Asian from Thailand take a Italian name. However, Interpol could have told them they were stolen in a matter of minutes. I agree with previous post this doesn't look like terrorist since nobody has come forward and taken personal "credit" for it.
There is a trend for westerners to adopt cute Asian babies, they'd have western names. Would make more sense if the official chastised security for not matching the passport photo with the person holding it. Making a generalized sweeping statement such as he did with the arrogant assumption that Asians couldn't possibly be from a non-Asian country Is stupid.
Richard, there many Asians with non-oriental names.
Or maybe they should just check everyone's passports for authenticity...
And why would BOTH stolen passports have been used at the same time to purchase tickets. in the U.S., that anomaly would be noticed.
Is that you blueberry?? How ya been?
Some of you are pretty dumb. An Asian hands over a passport with an Italian or Austrian name and it's not going to make you question it?
BIM deleted all his posts, then was a couple days of posting then gone again.
Lol, I have had a lot more free time!
Our muslim pres never admits to anything destructive that he was part of. Maybe the extreme Islamists made note of that, and decided not to brag and claim responsibility. Osama, at least admitted to Bush what he did.
wth does that have to do with anything you nutbag?
OR, it could be American TERRORISTS getting revenge on innocent Muslims.
Or it could be Santa Claus getting revenge on the Muslims.
It is extremely sad that Aviation safety is a trial and error process and has to be written in human's blood.
It was a bomb and there never were any weapons of mass destruction. Nuff said.
My brother, a passenger on that plane, texted me that he saw a small furry creature on the wing! That was his last communication with me.
I used to be horrified by events like this until I read The Secret and learned that we all manifest our own reality. There are no victims, we receive whatever the frequency of our thoughts attract! Think about it people, everyone gets what they need and want, so don't sweat the small stuff, and it is ALL small stuff!
Wow, that's scary that you actually believe that. So, babies in the womb manifest their own cancer, their own deformities even before they are IN the world?
Leanred, yes, we all choose the circumstances of our birth based upon what our souls need to learn! The universe is strange and wonderful, real The Secret and all of your questions will be answered!
Mandys Mom 6 hours ago Who gives a flying #$%$ about Ukraine? This is so dumb it makes my head hurt! Mandys Mom 2 days ago This PROVES that Jesus is real! Now what are all the atheists going to do? LOL! Mandys Mom 2 days ago Do what I do - get a husband to earn a paycheck for you so you can sleep as long as you want LOL!
Taiwan needs to come clean to the world of what it knows, when how and where. Come clean now, Taiwan, you are don't want a global perception that you intentionally, or even inadvertently, aid and abet terrorists.
You go back to the trash.
@Ohio .. : It's not "you are don't want .." .. it's supposed to be "you don't want" .. omit the word "are". By the way, are you new in this country and just learning English? just curious.
Taiwan? What the fuge do they have to do with this crash?
@Linda, is called typo. Remember we are in the so-called smart phone age. @ "Barry White", Taiwan received a terror warming two days before the crash.
It was shot down. By who I don't know maybe China maybe Russia maybe America.
Most likely by the reanimated corpse of James Hoffa.
While Rome burned, Nero played the violin. Obama just goes on another vacation. How's the golfing in Key Largo. Vacation #25.
I once said to a cop, it's legal for motorcycles to run red lights in Nevada, so why can't everyone else legally run red lights even if we can do it safely ? And he said : Because if people run red lights safely, that means less people sitting at red lights, and that means less pollution in the air, which is a bad thing, because we need bad air quality so that people will get sick and then they will sign up for Obamacare, that's why I will punish you for safely running red lights, because we need you to sit at red lights and pollute the air so we all get sick. And I said : You really think you can get away with this ? And he said : Yes. We've been planning this for decades. Most Americans are too stupid to catch on.
Tim, Why can't you legally run a red light even if you can do it safely ?
What in the world does this have to do with the Malaysian Airlines disappearance?
And this pertains to this story in what way? If you can't comment on the story, please don't comment at all. We're not interested in your riff-raff.
Whenever someone complains because I post an off topic comment, I make sure go tell every other Yahoo commenter not to post an off topic comment, so that way the person who complained about my off topic comment will never have to complain about another off topic comment ever again ... OR ... is the person who just complained about my off topic comment just an idiot who repeats the past and expects different results ? ... I'll let YOU decide . . .
Obama has announced all rich white nice people will be leaving Earth tomorrow for another planet. Buh bye.
Time to start looking at the airplane itself Boeing probably knew something was unsafe and did not report it profit over safety is the American way. Another possibility is the airline did not maintain it or used aftermarket parts leading to a failure all of that to save a few dollars, either way money was put before lives so sad.
This tragedy is most probably an Israeli activity gone wrong. Stealing and using stolen passports is an Israeli way of operating/ A few years ago in the UAE, an Israeli operation got bungled, and it turned out that the Israelis used stolen passports. They were trying to blame the Iranians most probably, so that Nut and UHU ( the wife beater ) could rant anti-Iranian rants.
Every criminal organization on the planet has used stolen passports. There is absolutely no logic behind your conspiracy theory.
Come on, Bianca… don't be throwin' out facts and logical thinking' here… it ruins the whole thread. : - }
Do those little zips really think the plane disintegrated? What's next, the plane got sucked into a worm hole and is stuck in the time space continuum?
It got sucked into the polar vortex
Here is What Might of Happened They Were Showing Obama Speech's and a Terrorist That Was Going to Blow Himself Up Later Just Could Not Take Another Minute of Obama Speaking so He Blew Himself UP EARLY
Obama sent a war ship over there to help with the search and rescue of 236 foreigners. But he couldn't send a single person to Benghazi to help our Ambassador and 3 Navy Seals who were brutally murdered.
hey ahoe the ambassador turned down extra security before the attack but you fks don't want to discuss that right?
well, that was an election year. BTW, who did YOU vote for?
The Ambassador repeatedly requested more security for 2 months before the attacks. Hillary denied him because Barrak has cut military spending by more than half. Barrak Obama has decimated our military and that is why we didn't send anybody over. Get a clue already.
Obama wanted to avoid any distractions which would not be to his political advantage. He did say later that Benghazi was a bump in the road which indicated that those American lives meant absolutely nothing to him.
And has given the "stand down" order to our Border Patrol.
It's possible that it hit a foreign object like a meteor or a UFO.
and it is also possible that you have functioning brain cells. both are just about as likely.
A meteor did hit a plane flying over Egypt (as I remember) about 40 years ago. It hit a window, caused a de-pressurization, and the window-seat passenger was sucked out!
No no no! Boeing777 don't disappear with all cargo and passengers and crews, another explanation is that this could also be a military operated crime. Who can make a plane disappear?
what? a missile can make things disappear?
This is no more a mystery as how Bush covered up what hit the Pentagon on 9-11. You know it's impossible for the idiot terrorist pilots to have flown the ace maneuvers they did to hit Penty and the Towers. The planes can't even fly at 500 mph that low.. It was all staged ..with drones
funny thing about full throttle and nose down, the lower you get the faster you go.
Moon- So it was "all staged ... with drones." Really? So how do you and explain the planes full of people that never came back?
According to a Twilight Zone episode, it's possible the plane found a wrinkle in space/time and has travelled back to the time of the dinosaurs. If they come back (they did on TV), someone will have pictures!
I love that episode! Great comment LOL
Why don't you show a little respect, Spade?
Poor taste, but then again, I'm sure that's what you were aiming for.
Are you for real. Totally sick, and inappropriate.
Look...I, and you, cannot possibly care about EVERYONE on earth. Everyone dies (even Kathleen Sibelius) says so...it's just a matter of how. Offended by something? Tough schit...go read something else.
"Look...I, and you, cannot possibly care about EVERYONE on earth. Everyone dies (even Kathleen Sibelius) says so...it's just a matter of how." Your comment was tasteless and aggressive, Spade. Nobody's asking you to "care about EVERYONE on earth", but you don't need to crack bad jokes (and that was bad) so soon after a tragedy. Show a little class.
Sorry My aggression troubles you Jonathan...life can be difficult for weak people
I don't understand why a lot of people are mad at spade's comment ? He's being optimistic about the situation, and trying to lighten up the mood. Keep in mind, there still hasn't been an official report that the plane has crashed yet. (although evident are there). Keep hope ~
People need to chill out. Nothing has been found of this plane yet. Although its pretty clear, nothings confirmed. Keep the faith.
Spade, it's unfortunate that you mistake class for weakness. Furthermore, being a crass p!@#$ in no way demonstrates strength. You have every right to express your freedom of speech, but have exposed your own weakness and poor taste in doing so. nghiad, I'm mad at Spade's comment, because other than being a terrible joke, it's being made at the expense of a recent tragedy, and is being wrapped in the weak defense of "oh, c'mon, let's all lighten up. Worrying won't do us no good!"
Jonathan...calling me a crass p!@#$ demonstrates your "class"
If you're going to spew BS, expect to get called out on it, Spade. There's a difference between that and making a joke in poor taste. And if you were "Offended" by that, "Tough schit...go read something else."
I saw the plane in the parking lot at the Miami Heat game. Seriously.
Once again the U.S./ CIA gets their man and even manages to add to the panic associated with the phony War on Terror. A potential whistleblower is no more.
Relax. This was. obviously shot down by the reanimated corpse of Jimmy Hoffa. Hahaha! Fruit Cake.
James has a very vivid imagination
I know exactly what happened but am withholding the information to avoid causing a world wide panic.
290 Muslims dead. WHAT'S THE TRAGEDY AGAIN?!?
Maybe alligators jumped out of the ocean and overtook the plane. But why did they let the alligators in????
GOP deregulation of the airline industry caused this. I will support any jail time for those who supported deregulation.
That must be why the DNC Union Jakarta Airline employees let the Muslims on board with stolen passports............. LMAO Because Jakarta's GOP told them there was no regulations on the Chinese planes they bought! LOL What a total #$%$, even for a dumbocrat!
These posts are so terribly American. ...People weighing in on something they know little to nothing about.
So, where are you from that makes YOU so smart?
Next time fly a reputable airline. And travel in civilized countries.
Endangered wildlife around the world are celebrating the demise of wealthy Chinese.
Really Bob?...Only a liberal cares about endangered species?
Since a plane was involved it must involve Bush he likes shooting down civilian planes for no reason.
Your no hero... your just another misinformed liberal.
Talk about SPECULATION.. Can you spell S P E C U L A T I O N? If there is new evidence suggesting the aircraft made a u-turn and doubled back it may have been in mechanical distress which is why the pilot turned it back. Possible electrical problems may have shut out the radios and other systems causing loss of control and crash. All this crap and conspiracy theroies of stolen passports and possible acts of terrorism... I'm sorry but can you spell S P E C U L A T I O N?
If the plane had turned back voluntarily, the pilots would have notified someone.
If it was turning around they would have had to contact a Controller for a new flight plan and path..
And if the plane disintegrated in the air, wouldn't there be pieces of it all over the place? More speculation.
Pilots are required to inform (Radio in ) of course changes. This was not the case.
LIke a u-turn would have helped. They're in the middle of the ocean Larry.
The path they saw on radar going the other way was probably the missile that struck it.
Do you think you could spell "theroies" right? T H E O R I E S.....lololololol
Terrorist ? No we had 1 major failure for the planes infrastructure ! Find the black box aka it is orange
The passengers with stolen passports are not speculation. They were there.
Can you spell B I T E M E.
My spelling sucks. I CAN spell "GUESS"
no..... but i can spell M O R O N
N O I T A L U C E P S
@Larry, can you spell "(D)(U)MB(A)SS ?
What terrorists? Our government only targets people they see as threats: conservatives, Christians, heterosexuals, military veterans, and those who work for a living.
Hey stupid idiot--this has nothing to do with the US. Go EFF YOURSELF. Try to get a life and a clue. Look up Malaysia on a map. Nowhere near the US. MORON
WhtsUrPt, Dude, look in the mirror and repeat what you said. You'll see it fits YOU perfectly.
Last week the republican senators voted down aid to veterens 27 billion dollars, same claim if we don't pay for it then we are no t doing it. Condemed by the VFW,wounded warriors, American Legion, yet not a peep out of the right wing, why? The VFW clearly states, the republican senate has done a great disservice to our veterens. They allowed politics to stan in the way of helping the most deserving of our veterens , the wounded. So who is waging war agianst veterens? the GOP?
You mean Obama won't get credence from this act?
Who said I'm writing from the Obamunistic nation? The fact that NO specific country was mentioned----only the symptoms and the first thing that popped into WthsUrPt's alleged mind was the Obama government. Very very telling . .
Americans are always meddling in other countries problems with the excuse of helping them. But I wonder, where does the money come from to pay for these trips and these expanses we have trying to help out other nations on problems that are not theirs? I know it's for their hegemony policy, but it costs a lot of money. Why do this? Do asian countries helped pay the maritime surveillance plane? Would they do the same for USA?
this guy sounds like very narrow minded illitrate repukicans
SKN don't put politics into this tragedy. We are going there because we had three citizens on the plane. It benefits everyone who flys to find the cause and make sure it never happens again.
i am not gringo, skn, mind your language.
personally, i dont really care about the victims or their families. they may as well never find the aircraft for all i care. it wont impact me whether they do or dont. im just here for the comments, and i must say. im slowly becoming greatly disappointed in the lack of joking taking place here. its a 200 ton chunk of metal that just vanished like houdini whipped a towel over it. thats freaking funny
"Im slowly becoming greatly disappointed in the lack of joking taking place here." Are you serious...? #$%$ is wrong with you???
uintil you grow up, stop making comments you F fool.
they say if you dont develope empathy by age 6, it wont happen. maybe im just a sociopath
Houdini did escapes. Copperfield was the one who made stuff disappear. You wanna make out later?
Yes, we all have our date with death, no doubt. And when a heartless #$%$, like you, has your day none of us shed a tear. Your life is meaningless, everything you ever did and want to do will mean nothing after you're gone. I just hope that you didn't procreate, what a waste of carbon that would be.
chit, if you give me an 8-ball ill get so lit up ill do just about anything. thanks for the clarification btw :)
Maybe it crashed into the Pentagon?
Well that's less people polluting the U.S.
How about you do the world a favor and make it one more!!!
GOD BLESS!!! GO TO HEAVEN LITTLE fireballs! They could probably get to heaven faster huh?
lol oink oink - mommas little piggy
they were probably so close to heaven even a gay person could get in
Y, you sound so childish. Go to bed it is way past your bedtime little boy.
Look guys, I told you THIS IS THE BIGGEST COVER UP in Aviation History! They are now saying there's nothing left and everything has vaporized - No Trace, No Evidence, No Nothing. Go to Yahoo and search 'JAL Flight 1628' because this flight has encountered what JAL flight encountered, but on the hostile side. The passengers of this flight are now underground in Dulce, New Mexico. Check out 'Phil Schneider' on Youtube who lost his right fingers .. he will tell you the what the cover is up all about. Oh and after Phil Schneider divulge the cover-up, he was assassinated.
What on earth are you talking about?
KINDA SOUNDS LIKE THE PLANE THAT HIT THE PENTAGON........VAPORIZED
I thought TWA 800 was the conspiracy theorists biggest cover up.
The plans that hit the pentagon and WTC also disintegrated on impact, What are these plans made out of? aluminum, plastic and same steel parts for the landing gear. So yea its very possible this plan disintegrated on impact, anybody thats jumped in a pool belly first knows water can be hard.
Sophia, are you too lazy to search these words 'JAL Flight 1628' and 'Phil Schneider'. Beach4Me - you're the #$%$ up weirdo. I'm just stating facts which I can back up.
An ordinary bomb would not disintegrate all particles of a jet. Probably a nuclear bomb. But no nuke was detonated in that area, or everyone would have already felt it. Search the words "JAL Flight 1628" - evidence backed by the FAA (Federal Aviation Administration.
So what happened to the jet?
Wake up people - you are all sooooo stupid. Search 'JAL flight 1628' and 'Phil Schneider' - and 1 + 1 = 2.
We all know everything on the internet is true right? Right?
Carrie - that's why YOU ARE STUPID ! That's exactly what the powers-that-be wants you to think (not to believe in anything, except your #$%$.
Guys, Joe is talking about a flight that encountered UFO's. It's legitimate because even wikipedia has it on its site. Very intriguing but I highly doubt that's what happened with the Malaysian airliner. Didn't know about all this, Joe. Thanks for enlightening us!
@Sophie, you're joking about Wiki, right ?
Yes I know what joes writing about Sophie,1986 japan airline UFO over Alaska etc,etc. But hes way off on the passengers are now underground in Dulce,New Mexico.
@Joe just cut and paste it. I don't need to be converted or convinced. YOU brought it up. Back it up. Or can't you Joe? Because you're stupid.
@Joe I finally looked at what you were ranting about. Phil Schneider died of a heart attack PROVE different. The YOUTUBE you want us all to watch "Proof phil schneider is a Liar! - YouTube" ? Doesn't help your pitiful cause. JOE I ask you again WHAT HAPPENED TO THE JET???
Asian americans, please boycott the Democrat Party as they are racist toward your children.
I'm home. How about you? By the way, I don't know who you are calling Fishead when you don't even know what I look like.
I think of the inconsolable anguish of muslims who lost loved ones in the crash. And I smile sweetly.
You have a twisted view of things, don't you think? In regards to the size of any population, you will find good and bad. Yet you rather join the good with the bad and hate all. I feel very sorry for you! Hope your views of this life become larger as you age.
Mykel--thank you so much for taking the time to respond to my post!
you are a very low creature, the most dispicable of human garbage, anyone who takes joy in others suffering is a sadist, and scum.
Iwe912--you were so sweet to take a moment out of your day to respond to my post. I do so appreciate you!
Lwe912, The ones who take joy in other's pain and suffering, especially and formost in the innocent ones, are the muslims!! You are very, very naive to believe otherwise!!! Or maybe you are too young to have seen much of the world yet. Travel to Europe or Asia and see how those people feel towards the muslims. Coincidence?? Don't think so!!
There is a 95% surety that Muslims did this. But even if the 5% takes it out in the end... what Ana and Sophie said is right.
Precisely what every knowledgeable person figured, from the first word of the tragedy. More so, with the news of the stolen passports. Yahoo!s then came up with every hair brained idea possible, or impossible.. Hijacking reality for their own twisted pleasure.
Not for their own twisted pleasure but to further the politically correct narrative that Islam is the "religion of peace"
Do you even know that there's a difference between Yahoo and Reuters? This, FYI, is a Reuters article.
When the two people with the stolen passports are identified, Their Mosques should be identified as a legitimate military target to be eliminated with "EXTREME PREJUDICE".
It's definitely not terrorism as Obama is still president. More likely a video...
The Yahoos are right here. Nothing to do with Yahoo!
Republicans are blaming this crash on Obama.
Yes, it was an inside job. Obama and Biden planned the whole thing. And they made sure none of their friends were on it before they blew it up.
No, no, wait... it was Pee Wee Herman. I saw him skulking about the lounge in the terminal.
Here is a not so likely theory: Aliens blast a hole into the side of the plane and extract IBM executive to learn from them on technology (a story needing further explanation). As the extraction took 8 long seconds or until the tractor beams let the plane go. there was no time for distress calls from the cockpit nor any ideal of what had happened. Due to the tractor beams the plane flew slight askew as if it were going off course and starting a U turn. It was only after the plane fell to 30,000 feet when the aliens had crossed two beams of harmless energy over the plane, only that when the beams cross, it would disperse molecules at such a velocity that it would vaporize. - The end -
ok go back to the nut house now guy
Didn't something like that happen in a DILBERT comic strip?
I am sorry Franco, I will just continue writing my scifi book... Didn't mean to scare you with my story, but hey! I will be a good writer one day.
So, for the billions of miles the aliens traveled to get here, they had to wait until he was 7 miles off the surface of the Earth to take him? Yeah...
Your from Colorado arn't you Jay.... hehehe
Mike, yes indeed. They would not want to land on this crazy rock and be exposed to the insanity of this planet. It was a quick scoop! high and dry. Not much of atmosphere to burn through and then there out of there!
@R, Nope, Not from there. Why would you think that?
cuz u gotta be smizokin sumthin to write that
Appalling, there are probably 239 lost souls there also have grieving family's dealing with tremendous uncertainty. Your sorry attempt at humor reveals an extraordinary level of insensitivity. You should be ashamed of yourself Mr. Jay
This is NOT a joking matter!!! Shame on you!!
@Fleet420. Nope, this is pure imagination! somtin you ain't got...
Am am truly sorry telly & Loddieg. I did not mean this in disrespect but to lighten the matter as my mood does not rely on media that spreads "news" that no normal human being can do anything about but to make him feel even more depressed and more divided and introverted into how small he is... I do not buy that. Why worry if what is done is done and be stuck with something that happened? Look to the future and the moments you do have. and while you are at it, try to have so fun! after all why live for anything else? Life is a game and sometimes your hit rough spots. might be insensitive but sensitivity has gotten man in to a lot of trouble. more bad than good.
Go to bed Jay. You're drunk.
BTW, Insane people often talk, think and live past moments. This is was discovered by a classified government research body back in the 60's and is now being used as a mind control mechanism to drive whole populations in to worrying about past events. and "filling" one's head with past events to the point that whole populaces get in to talk only of past situations. In other words a populace that has gone insane to a greater or lesser degree. notice how crime rates are rising and criminals more flagrant, shootings in schools, etc...?
Do you have a nifty tinfoil hat like me?
@ Diva. Your probable right... sleep is needed once in a while. but believe me, I am sober.
@ Bob. Nahhh... You aren't doing that crazy stuff are you?
Here is a plausible theory..............Jay does not have a functioning brain. If he did he'd pull it out of his butt and eat it
Jay, the nurses on the ward should really revoke your computer privileges.
I don't consider myself a nutt case, however, the alien theory did cross my mind for a few seconds. However, I'm sticking to the bomb theory until we get more info.
what would the primitive IBM executive offer them when they have beams as you stated and are capable of extracting him in 8 second....???
His tin foil hat has a hole in it.
YOU SAID IT! Makes sense to me...
You need to keep your day job. Sci-Fi needs a better build-up than this. But keep trying.
If they had tractor beams and lasers, why would they need IBM?
clearly Obama is at fault here he owns tons of IBM stock case closed
Mom finally say it was OK to smoke dope in her basement, huh?
You must like the X-Files !
@ stu. Smokes dope once in my life. And never again...
@Rick. I like the way you think . I should like to see you practicing your theory.
@ Kenny powers!. Thanks for the tip. I will definitely have the copy proofread.
@ Karin. It is not what the IBM executive had to offer but what they had to offer to him. As mentioned, this needs further telling but in short. Aliens have interest in humans as a race and to keep the planet habitable. It would be a major galactic debt unsolved if man were to disappear from the earth cus the real bankers that run this planet are not of this earth but hold the leaders on this planet in debt to them... That the short of it... Dang... I need to finish this copy!
Donna what do you do for a living? Just wondering... You don't seem to have any job of value as you seem to add words to names to bring fourth a new meaning. Not to far from "standard" journalism.
Of all the ongoing assaults against the American people, none is so pernicious and surreptitious, so pervasive and profound, so offensive and outrageous, so deliberate and yet unnecessary as the geo-engineering and weather modification program known CHEMTRAILS. Truly, the relentless chemtrailing of the skies of the USA represents a crime against the populace like no other.........
Aren't chemtrails the smoke that wafts up out of your bong, the excess when you couldn't get all of it in your lungs?
Trying to sound intelligent with all those words. Did not work.
They are on a secret island with the passengers of 9/11. It's another Govt. cover up.
This is not the time for jokes, Mr. Seagull.
I could believe this very well.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday." Hellooooooooooo - that's called profiling - something the PC crowd, and Democrats say is a big NO-NO!
I'm guessing they didn't have Asian faces.
The point that the liberal stance of profiling is dangerously wrong is solid. However, this isn't an example.
that's not profiling idiot, it's called screening and common sense. Show your stupidity somewhere else,
profiling is only a no no in the super sensitive US.
you are stupid and a bigot!!! bury your head in sand!!!
when the shoe fits use it as a guide until proven wrong. when was the last time a child or an old lady tried to bomb anything, but you have them checked all the time while those that would do such things go by without a second look. sad completely sad.
Profiling would be, for example, only finding fault with democrats and never with repuds...
There are Chinese people in Australia, some actually born from parents who immigrated there.
This is not called profiling-- it's called validating credentials-- something that doesn't seem to be performed everywhere. This is at the level of someone who is supposed to be 85 years old looking like they are 20, or someone who is supposed to be female, looking male, or someone who is likely to be caucasian looking asian. It's a much more basic security level than profiling, which usually means to stop certain people based on their membership in an ethnic group associated with terrorism and then searching them.
Virtually every nation on earth has citizens of every race and national origin, so profiling is marginally useful. Checking for stolen passports would be way more useful, IF IT TURNS OUT THAT THIS WAS A TERRORIST ACT. Right now, it's all conjecture.
Yes only the sensitive US uses the term profiling to obstaculize even more the work of safety and police officers....
That's more stereotyping and you're off the mark like that official. Are you saying that just because they have Italian and Austrian passports that they can't look Asian.
Hey folks, in this world, people of all nationalities live in most every country unless it is totally repressive like North Korea or at war like Syria and there are still people from other nations there. Get a grip on reality and know this is a very fluid world when it comes to where the faces reside.
Asians are citizens of every Western country, and most of them have passports. It's not just terrorists who use stolen passports; it's people who want to enter another country illegally for a wide variety of reasons. What good is Interpol's Data base if airlines and airports don't bother to access it? The Boeing 777-200ER has problems with its Rolls-Royce engines. If an engine blew up shortly after take-off, it's more likely that the fully-fueled 11 year old 777 exploded. With airlines and aircraft manufacturers cutting so many corners these days, it's a wonder there aren't more fatal crashes. I'm so glad I don't have to fly any more.
Only in the US would it be called profiling.Other countries would view it as "necessary precautions."
OJ...i know very few Asians who are named Christian Kozel or Italian Luigi Maraldi. You share a trait in common with the people who checked these people in....a complete lack of common sense.
Tex i agree 100% . i work at a convenient store and market and every time that there is a purchase well over $50.00 i do ask for ID . and if the ID spells James Smith and the man looks like Hu Vhin dao or whatever ? i will ask the security to check , and its not a profiling,sorry.
It's not profiling. Customs agents should do their jobs and images of the passengers eyes are matched or unmatched to the passport photos using technology to determine if the person is who they say they are.
So you mean John Smith born in the US to Asian parents can't be an american citizen? How about in Austria or Italy or France or any other country? Asians aren't only regulated to asian countries you know.
By now, most Americans have heard of sustainable development but are largely unaware of Agenda 21. In a nutshell, the plan calls for governments to take control of all land use and not leave any of the decision making in the hands of private property owners. It is assumed that people are not good stewards of their land and the government will do a better job if they are in control. Individual rights in general are to give way to the needs of communities as determined by the governing body. Moreover, people should be rounded up off the land and packed into human settlements, or islands of human habitation, close to employment centers and transportation. Another program, called the Wildlands Project spells out how most of the land is to be set aside for non-humans. U.N. Agenda 21 cites the affluence of Americans as being a major problem which needs to be corrected. It calls for lowering the standard of living for Americans so that the people in poorer countries will have more, a redistribution of wealth. Although people around the world aspire to achieve the levels of prosperity we have in our country, and will risk their lives to get here, Americans are cast in a very negative light and need to be taken down to a condition closer to average in the world. Only then, they say, will there be social justice which is a cornerstone of the U.N. Agenda 21 plan.
Who says they are Asian? It is highly likely that the two men who used the stolen passports are Arab-caucasians. Duh!
Rsanders, I was about to comment the same sentence. The aforementioned just did not figure it out. Duh~duh is right. Those two REAL passport people are alive.
I'm surprised that the Democrats even allow this racism and disenfranchisement to continue, I mean really, asking someone to show a passport and ID is so wrong like it's wrong to ask voters.
Some people cannot tell the different between screening and profiling. Either that or they are blinded side by political view or lack of intellect or both.
There are LOTS of citizens holding passports with names and faces that do not match the "norm" Lots of people of African and middle eastern descent who were born in Britain, France, Germany, ect. Just like the USof A........but bigots like you cannot comprehend that concept
Screening or profiling? It depends on your interest, isn't it? I would like to "screen" for illegal immigrants. Can we do that?
@rsanders, I thought I heard it all when the media claimed George Zimmerman was a Caucasian latino. But you, sir/madam you take the cake for the most unintelligent comment ever! A Caucasian arab? Really! I know a few Arabs, and they don't look anything like a Caucasian. What a maroon.
Your argument is not holding up. So many countries have different looking people. So if an American is flying in Japan and the the two holders of those passports were Indian looking, Japanese or hispanic looking, wouldn't that be the same thing??
Passports always have a photo of the holder, and I think it would be pretty difficult to alter the photo (you can't just glue a new picture on top of the old one, or cut the old one out). I think the point is that the two Europeans who owned the passports had faces of native European origin, so the two Asian men using their passports would look different from the photos inside. If I had a long face, blond hair, and blue eyes, and I showed up to an airport with a passport baring a completely different photo (a round face, dark brown hair, and green eyes), there should be some questions. I work in China, and Chinese customs agents are notoriously meticulous about passport photos. If your passport photo is much younger than your current age, or if your hair or weight has changed, you can expect a lot of scrutiny before you'll be allowed to pass. It's not about profiling or implying that Asians can't be Italian citizens or have Italian names (I know a lot of people of Asian origin adopted by Western parents, including a set of Korean-born triplets with Italian American parents and surnames). It's common sense that if you don't look like the person you claim to be, eyebrows should be raised.
Bruce B, GOOD catch. I have to recant some of the accolades I gave to rsanders. LOL
I think the minister is referring to name on the passports. Most Asian keeps at least surname/familyname when they become citizen of western country. This should at least raise a red flag.
So, say I was born in Japan and I was adopted by the Luigi's, I would be suspect because I have an Italian last name and don't look Italian? Idiots. And what does being a Liberal or a Democrat have to do with this? Republicans are more racist than any other group of people I know. Someone always has to find a way to make a political statement about everything. Stupid laptop jockeys who have nothing better to do than to make generalizations about other races and nationalities. No wonder you live in mommy's basement and have no job. Get a life!
Why do people keep bringing up Republican and Democrat thinking? This happened in Malaysia where neither party exists!
There's a lot of Asians living in Europe.
Jojo, No offense, but I laughed out loud when I read what you wrote...did you see the irony? you wrote: "Stupid laptop jockeys who have nothing better to do than to make generalizations about other races and nationalities." Ok, so you stated that people shouldn't make "generalizations"...nothing wrong with that. But, then in the same breath, you said: "Republicans are more racist than any other group of people I know" and "No wonder you live in mommy's basement and have no job." ;-)
Tex, chill. There's a difference between profiling and screening, narrowing down suspects, but I don't believe the stolen passport holders are the ones to blame. Ridiculous. Your 289 up votes are a bunch of sad misinformed individuals who can't use common sense like yourself. Enough with relating democrats and political correctness together. Why you or anyone wants to start an argument about race is beyond me, but of course this is still an on going issue with the world. It's going to be a 1,000,000 years before humans ever grow out of that phase. People are missing and probably dead, but no we gotta argue whether or not that dude was profiling or not. What does it #$%$ matter?! Peal away that self-righteous attitude, you ain't fooling anyone. Since we're on the topic. What crowd? The anti-racist crowd? Gee, I think everyone should be apart of that "crowd" if thats the case, regardless who they are, what they believe, or what political they hold dearly -- you should always be aware. Go ahead, be a racist p/rick, you're easier to spot and stay away from. Thank you internet. Those who complain about "political correctness" (majority of them being white) just want to be racist #$%$ and get away with it. And if anyone points out their racism, those people are "sensitive" and labeled other demeaning things continuing to be racist. That's what I call stealth racism. Laughing and mocking at those who point out racism baffles me. White people don't get racism, they always need it explained to them like children. "White peoples' definition of racism is hurt feelings, instead of what it actually is, and that's systematic destruction of an ethnic group. Understand that, and then you'll understand why racism doesn't go both ways." -- Unknown
This would be like considering all redn@cks as tr@lier tr@sh or all Texans as dumb as Gov. Perry.
Gives me the creeps when I see an Asian person with an islamic name. Its something wrong.
Chinese mom marries European Dad, children with asian features and european names.....it is quite possible
Profiling: something that has kept El Al airline safe for three decades or more.
Just how many democrats are in Kuala Lampur, Malaysia?
Most Democrats that understand police and criminal justice know that racial profiling has both pro's and con's to it.
Did you forget to read the part about the people with Forged passports were not Asians but were BLACKS?
Its 2014 it is unacceptable that we do not know what happened. Every aircraft should be equipped with real time monitoring equipment as well as live video feed of the aircraft itself. I almost want to say all flights should be monitored by one international committee for air safety, but at the same time I can see all the problems that could create. Either way its a sad truth that there are some countries with completely inadequate security and safety procedures.
It just happened. An investigation needs to be done, otherwise you would be complaining that the authorities are jumping to conclusions. Relax nit wit
That's why it is a mystery because the pilot could have spoken into the black box which connects to the air tower. Boris you are so dumb many people would love to but then they will do the same to the American, Jew, and westerners in their countries and nobody can go anywhere for business or visit.
That's a horribly bigoted, absolutely ridiculous comment. #$%$.
If there were video monitoring of the plane and it blew up or went 2,000ft under water you would still need the device that was recording the video, and would be in no better place than they are now. Satellites could record video but then again zeroing in on a particular plane in the sky would be next to impossible. Also what do you think the FAA does? They try to set and enforce air safety standards so this won't happen, but it still does. Kens take off the liberal thinking cap for a moment and look at the big picture.
Frank, that is a daft statement. With all the technology today that has yet to be incorporated in air travel, we could know exactly what has happened and why. We could have seen it, as it was happening. Now the families of 239 people have to wait in agony for months as this investigation you are so fond of to be completed to get some basic answers. If I were the father, brother, son, uncle, cousin etc.. of anyone on this flight, I wouldn't get any sleep until I knew why.
Shellback, do you honestly think they could not set up their own program for live video feed. Im sorry im trying so hard to be polite, that that was the most unintelligent thing I've heard in a while. what part of LIVE video feed don't you understand.
i agree, but do you realize how many planes are in the air at one time? thousands. we'd need people to watch those monitors, cause the air traffic controllers are already over worked and stressed with what they have. but i don't see why a computer couldn't record it with a live sat feed from the aircraft, that way maybe we could review the recording when something like this happens. but then the aclu would say it's an invasion of privacy and sue all governments. oh well.
Im not saying the video would prevent this, it could only gain insight on why it happened. As soon as there is an issue with any aircraft, they could zero in on that individual plane and start looking for answers.
Kens, you know how expensive it would be to do that? You would need to first install realtime monitoring cameras in the aircraft, which is the EASY part. The more difficult one is sending up a fleet of communications satellites (maybe 20-30 with the best tech we have) and setting up the databases needed. Each aircraft currently needs about 2kB per second to record the data, which is easy enough to transmit considering many aircraft have built in WiFi over land, and sat-phones were almost always there, and even the tens of thousands of aircraft flying every second of the day could easily be downloaded by anyone with a cable internet connection. When you talk about video though, it gets exponentially bad, each video feed is likely 200kbps even at low resolution and lowered frame-rates, so cockpit+front view alone are 200x more data than currently recorded. All the aircraft flying around would be the equivalent to the combined network capacity of a city, which just isn't feasible with current satellite communications.
It would not be that hard at all. Your thinking wayyyy to outside the box. You wouldnt need to store the data. A simple gopro could handle it. As for funding, do you really think theres nothing we couldn't cut back on? This is very simple, it would NOT be unfeasible. and by the way, none of those numbers make sense.
Holy cow! The price to do that an every jet is astronomical! All added to the price of the ticket.
If Christians would just stop being hypocrites, the world would be better off. Too bad the Romans didn't throw the last of them to the lions.
hey adrian, so your telling me hypocritical Christians are the cause of worldwide terrorism? I wont use big words so your tiny brain can understand my response: how many people have christians blown up over the last hundred years? I dont even believe in god, so I dont have a dog in this fight but the last time christians killed for their god was the holy wars. you are not very bright are you?
"With all the technology today that has yet to be incorporated in air travel, we could know exactly what has happened and why. We could have seen it, as it was happening." Really? Please tell us just what technology you think exists that can stream video from 35,000 feet from tens of thousands of aircraft in the air? At any given time, there are approximately 7,000 aircraft in the air over the U.S., alone. 5,000 of those are commercial flights. That's at any given time. In a 24 hour period, the number is closer to 49,000! Global estimates are about 14,000 flights at any given time. 24 hour period is unknown. Just keeping track of them is daunting and requires enormous resources and you want a live video stream? I'd take a live data stream from the flight recorder before ever thinking about video. And wouldn't a hijacker disable the video camera as their first order of business? A lipstick would do it. Think, man. Think!
you are a sad person. regurgitating garbage your junior college poly sci professor says makes you a follower and a lamb. you use no logic or facts in your comments. you use emotion and put downs because you have nothing intelligent or insightful to say. Its ok though, the world needs people to flip burgers. think for yourself, question authority.
Yes, lets tie up more satellites to monitor every aircraft in the sky. Who's satellites will do this? Wil the Chinese allow a handshake to a US satellite when one of their commercial planes leaves that particular coverage? I'd love to see the person with enough charisma to convince every nation in the world to allow that much exchange of communication and use of other nations hardware to that extent.
dance monkey! I purposefully posted in a random story because I know you. I saw your previous behavior in comment threads and knew exactly what you would do. you are very predictable. until you have something intelligent to say, have fun with your superiority complex that masks your insecurity about your IQ and mediocrity in life.
"but the last time christians killed for their god was the holy wars." Well, the Third Reich was christian and supported by the Catholic Church. Their extermination of the Jews was based in christian gospel. Of course we know they were maniacal people led by a crazy man, but that's usually how it goes. No, the Crusades were not the last time people killed for christian doctrine. Want a list? And since we're talking about it... why did the christians EVER torture and murder in the name of their god?? Infanticide, too. The brutally murdered women, children... everyone. Blood ran like water in the streets. Then they destroyed any books or relics that would be a history of those cultures. How is it you just give them a pass for that? Wouldn't it be like giving Attila, the Visigoths, #$%$, or N:a:z:i:s a pass?
Excellent point. Why rely on some black box that has to be rescued when the data could be streamed to a collection point?
Dwight, You think Malaysia built their own Boeing jet? Really? Wow.
They are all equipped with real time monitoring systems.
Oh those Christians, trying to love their brother as themselves, trying to forgive, yes Adrian I see how following these teachings of Jesus leads them to lives of crime and murder? Adrian open the bible just one more time to the book of 1John and think again what Jesus wants you to see. Jesus teaches of love and forgiveness, looking out for others, and He open your heart and eyes.
Sharon, you're one of the loyal followers. How many do you see in your pews who aren't? How many do you hear, that are judging others? Those are the hypocrites, I speak of. There is good in all religions, it's when people bring their own agenda of hate to Sunday Mass that I say fak you all. Why don't you stand up in church and defend the same people Jesus himself would have died for? You know, those "gays" you hear about in church every other sunday. Those would have been Jesus's friends, the hated, the persecuted, and the sinners, not these self righteous pompus pricks you hear on Sundays.
Adiian I do understand as I am one that would be filled overflowing with frustration, hatred, envy in a journey to please who? myself? The mystery of Jesus and His word is to that His purity shows me I am a filthy sinner no better than the worst murderer. The mystery is that Jesus came to tell us that He still loves us even after we chose to turn away from Him. His love and forgiveness, His mystery and plan help us to turn from anything not of Him and ask Him to reveal His plan for us. All mankind has fallen from His pure standard, most don't like to look at that. He teaches to follow Him we and even that we should humbly consider others better than ourselves. Reading the bible brings great understanding over time. May He fill you with His answers and light, just as I seek from Him. His plan in eternity is filled with great reward for looking to Him today.
You are a real Moron........all commercial airliners ARE equipped with real time monitoring. Called ACARS. If something catastrophic happens and the system is compromised then it is like turning a light switch OFF. But then ignorant people like you do not understand that concept. So go back to your cave, your wood fire and animal hides
@Ken, "Every aircraft should be equipped with real time monitoring equipment," Merlin T is right: Boeing planes radio flight information, separate from black boxes, to airline headquarters for the duration of the flight. Altitude, sped, fuel consumption and so forth. When the Air France plane crashed after leaving Brazil a few years ago, they used the data from the plane to try and locate it.
If it turns out a terrorist attack.? This means war. If they are Arab religious nuts.? I guess, they have declared war on normal people of the earth. How do we prevent another attack.? Ban all travel according to your looks and religion. I do mean all outside their country of origin. We normal people want a normal life. If they don't.... then confine them and shun and don't allow them outside their country. War is war . Fair play will be met with the same . Foul play will be returned in kind. I respect all people of this planet their culture etc. But, enough is enough.
80,000 Flights a day world wide. Video could be stored.The black box info could be uploaded to a server and stored at real time . We shouldn't have to find a black box .They should be able to pull it up from the ground . If you wreck your car and have onstar they know if your airbags deploy.
Dwight..the plane was American made....any plane will crash when what happened to this one, The painted name on the fuselage has nothing to do with it ..Stup.
Sharon, I gave you another thums up. It's refreshing to see there are some left that are honest in their faith in God. There are two many religious hypocrites out there, that give good ones like you a bad name. I would love to see someone stand up and say those words in the middle of a hate speech, like I've seen many Sundays. I wouldn't recommend anyone do this who isn't ready to be ostracized by all. Your comment isn't helping the situation, it merely condones the church's actions.
Kens, there's actually a good op-ed on the Guardian website that talks about why this is unacceptable but not so simple to fix.
Adrain I am finding that some just prefer to follow men, some want "religion", some want tradition. I am finding through the bible the plan and order of our creator, we can have a direct relationship. The bible tells us to open our hearts to God. I grew up a catholic and wanted nothing more of religion, but reading the bible can open up great mysteries. He is a discerner of our hearts and minds. If He is pure justice then He must know everything about us, as the bible tells us, He ordained our steps before we were born. His word is powerful in understanding the order and puposes of our lives. May He fill you with peace and understanding.
Sharon, All you're doing it regurgitating what they told you. It's not real. You can be a decent human being without believing in fairy tales. There is as much wisdom in To Kill a Mockingbird as there is in the bible. How does a woman even accept the misogynistic message of that awful book? If you truly followed the bible and believed in it, then you could never speak in church and are subservient to men, especially your husband. You should also leave your home when you're menstruating because you are unclean. The bible reduces you to nothing more than property and a concubine. Amazing how much your god has in common with bronze-age goat herders, the authors of the bible. I CORINTHIANS 11:2-10… Woman created for man. 14:34 Women must be silent in churches. EPHESIANS 5:22-24 Wives must submit to husbands in everything. EXODUS 20:17 Wife as property. 21:4 Wife and children belong to master. 21:7-11 OK to sell daughters. Female slaves can be used for sex. Polygamy permitted. Unwanted female slaves can be set “free” without payment of money. LEVITICUS 12:1-8 Childbirth unclean, Women need to make atonement after childbirth. 15:19-32 Menstruating women are unclean.. 21:9 Burn daughters. 21:13-14 Priest must marry virgin, not “used” woman.
@MR.Kensington, I read the editorial (thanx 4 the hat tip), and as always, money is part of the problem.
Tom this is not the place for me to continue but you must look again at the truth and wisdom of this old book. The closer you look the more you may find it is a message to you from outside of time and space. It reminds me of... the more you look at the intricate details of our own human bodies we see great systems deep inside our cells that makes most marvel and wonder how random chance could bring together such complex systems.
Tom I am sorry I did not see your full post. This is not the place to continue as you have many issues with parts of the old testament.
I'll bet 100 bucks that Tom is racist Planned Parenthood supporter.
@matt not saying it was wrong but im pretty sure it was christians who dropped 2 nukes on japan. christians dont blow people up haha.... funny
Kens, To do all that will increase fares. No one is willing to do that.
wiki "Tianjin Airlines Flight 7554 Uyghur" you will find something.
This plane had eyes on the ground and in the air.. someones keeping it in wraps. Plane and Simple.
Even something like this people just sit around and fight about and you wonder why more is not done?? People Problems!!!
yea, i tried to go back and figure out where religion got in too,but so much in fighting hard to make heads and tails of any of it...seems so random,but of course they are all over night experts in how this stuff works.
Its 2014 it is unacceptable that Islam is considered to be a "Religion of Peace" when it is proven over centuries that Islam is a violent cult that incites terror in civilized world.
" Also, passengers have devices for problem notification--smart phones. If there were hijackers, passengers would jump on their phones to call or text, such as they did on flight 93 on 9/11. " Not from 35,000 feet over the Gulf of Thailand.
Poor Kena. He doesn't like that the ocean is bigger than we are.
I agree every plane has a GPS system that reads where it is and where it was so there should be no problem finding this in a squre mile search. Whatever was heavy would have went to the bottom and there should be plenty of metal on the bottom.
"TomG Are you sure?" Very sure. Doesn't matter what phones they were using. At the location where the plane was last known to be, there would be no way for any standard cellular service to be available. The laws of physics don't change. Some European countries and even the U.S. will, on a voluntary basis, begin using satellite base stations on their longer flights to relay cellular service, but that's not reality, today. 35,000 feet is nearly 7 miles even if they were over a cellular network. But they were not, they were over water and 120 nautical miles from the nearest coast. The biggest limitation, however, is not the cellular tower location, but the very limited transmit range of the mobile device connecting to it. Never mind the fact that you're traveling in a metal tube which will act to attenuate the signal. (good thing all those windows are there) Cellular towers, to extend their range, do not use isotropic antennas. They use directional antennas since the greatest concern is horizontal propagation (azimuth) and not vertical propagation (elevation). There are also "nulls" that increase in area the further you are from the source. These are RF dead zones. Power is a serious consideration and is intentionally limited since the near-field radiation would be hazardous. The result is that cellular towers and phones have very limited range, hence the cellular aspect of the design. Very sure.
Why not just keep Muslims off of airplanes?
If you subscribe to a religion that advocates "killing infidels", then you forfeit the privilege of using commercial flight to travel.
Malaysia's state news agency quoted Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticizing border officials who let them through. Again, multiculturalism is causing identification problems that have contributed to his problem. I said before, I blame the Muslims. They were probably Muslim Asians getting revenge on the Chinese! If I am correct, then my warnings about Muslims hold true.
My guess is they are not Asian.
Beware of your words. Don't simply put the blame on Muslim
Correct Frank. East Turkestan is under Chinese rule and we know hoe Chines feel about religious and human rights. Recently it was highly suspected that Islamic terrorists killed 33 Chinese on a train. So now they are revolting by killing more Chines on a flight to Beijing. I have seen Chinese in China who are into Muslim religious beliefs. So these 2 men and other's suspected appeared Asian but were probably a mixed breed from Mid east descent.
Good post Bodhipichu and it demonstrates that you know what is happening in the world.
I'm thinking it may be one of the pilots.
This may be the work of David Copperfield.
You disgusting piece of dung! Just crawl back under your rock!
he can't crawl under the rock JAS-you're already under it
It disintegrated??? Really not a great advertisement for Malaysian Airlines, I'd continue to go with, "We have not yet located the aircraft."
it would be bad for Boeing, they built the plane, pilot error, suicide, would be bad for the airline, the plane coming apart would make the maker of the plane look bad.
Dis integrated! Sounds familiar! A plane over Manhattan dis-integrated(clintons presidency) some years ago! Tthe conclusion was that it was an old plane. Some of the investigators involved said privately that it was shot by a missile!
Malaysia invited Islam in with open arms, now the check has come home to roost. Pay up!!
Malaysia didn't welcome islam in, they fought the jihad during the fifteenth century but were ultimately overpowered and converted by the sword.
The 747 that exploded near New York had so many pieces recovered that most of the plane could be reassembled and is still assembled in a warehouse there. So not really disintegrated, was it?
How about a simple prayer for those lost and hose grieving.
Obama does not want to use profiling in determining criminal activity. So in ObamaLand an Italian that looks Asian is perfectly OK. By the way... let your kids get on a plane in Obamaland.
Getting old and lame is no good.
Unbelievable to me how you right wing, fox news republicans can find something wrong about Obama in anything in the world at all. What the heck does Obama have to do with a Malaysian aircraft being probably bombed over the ocean half way around the world? Oh, I forgot, you wing nuts think he's a muslim. Probably planted the damn thing himself with the help of some black, gay, women who want to get married, take birth control but still need an abortion!!!!!! God save the world!!!!
Obama needs to start his apology tour again, Benghazi round 2. My prayers are with the families. If Obama wouldn't keep covering this cr*p up, maybe something would have been done about it by now. Covering for it/them only shows what an abysmal #$%$ he is. No, Obama didn't personally blow the plane up, but just watch because we're going to see another apology tour and more cover up, just like every single time this has happened in the past.
I'm no democrat, but exactly how does this have anything to do with Obama?
And what does Obama have anything to do with this?
You insipid fool. Nothing about this flight has anything to do with the USA other than a few passengers who are from here. Yet You blame Obama. You people are so pathetic and you can't even see your own stupidity. pppfffbt
What the hell are you talking about? What does Obama have to do with it?
Relax, breathe deeply, and take your medication. You'll feel better soon.
He will likely label it "workplace violence".
Someone forgot to take their meds today.
What the heck does this have to do with Obama besides the fact that the U.S. sent out help? How do you turn this into something that Obama has done wrong, or something that he hasn't even done yet that is wrong? Wow. People amaze me.
This post absolutely distills the kind of ridiculous criticism that Obama regularly gets blamed for... Wow
Actually Don, there are plenty of Chinese Muslims (but the majority of those on the plane probably weren't). And just so you know, they are spreading throughout the world at record speed. Look at all of Europe, in a scant 10-40 years there will be more Muslims (each female one pumps out an average of 8) than original citizens there. Bottom line... 95% chance it was Muslim terrorists.
Something bad happened! Blame it on the president! Doh!
@Don So you're comparing this to Benghazi? Obama has nothing to apologize for since he has nothing to do with it.
I didn't vote for Obama, but Don Stern, you are an idiot. This crash has nothing to do with the President of the United States.
lmao....a plane vanishes 8000+ Miles from America at 3am on a friday night ....OBAMA's fault.....lol its just mind boggling how stupid these comments are....
Don Stern Why The press have to lie for the President of The United States if The plane is not an American plane, We didn't have a lot of american casualities and It's the Chinese Press moron that are providing the briefies to the World so if They change one day to another day the cause It's the chinese press's doing because I don't think even Obama can't control the Chinese State Press moron! See How ridiculous You are? And by the Way during Bush's Presidency 27 embassies Personal were killed and also 2 ambassadors, Faux News and Republicans outrageous = Zero. As for the Democrats We are human beings and although We didn't like Bush We didn't go around created false controversies and scandals were didn't exist because We believe isn't any President's fault when an Embassy is attacked, that why The President has people like CIA, FBI, Secret Service etc to handle these situacions since a President can't be everywhere moron! It's this kind of courtesy that We give the Republicans ssince Reagan when 271 marines died in Lebanon and We still don't know why since Reagan got his tails between his legs order the Boys Home and It was the End of That but the Republicans never complaining about that doesn't You?
"how does this have anything to do with Obama?" As the leader of the free world, Obama sets the tone for how Islamic terrorism is dealt with around the world. So they follow his lead and just deny it like he has done. In this case, the American public and the world are not being told the truth, just like every time this has happened before. Last time it was a "video", this time they have "Asian faces." Obama actually removed the word "Islamic" terror from all the procedural handbooks the federal govt uses to deal with these issues. That's not a rumor, it's a fact. Think about what was done, and you don't even call it out? You want to believe it just blew up mid-flight, and walk away and who gives a #$%$. That's your attitude. Honestly, you're only about defending Obama, and that's it. I've never seen so many Obama supporters come troll a forum about the deaths of 240 people and they think it's funny....really. Please, go troll the obituaries, I mean #$%$ is with you people. You're so morally bankrupt I can't even wrap my head around it. My honest opinion is, that this is the net effect of atheism on society. Honestly, most the people here and who support Obama would be gassing Jews if they had their way. They really would. I've never met more racist people in my life than the people I've met who support Mr. Obama. And they have the audacity to call other people racist. It's just unbelievable. There's is no help for you people, and even if there was, you wouldn't want it anyway. So I'm just here to answer your question, "why does it matter?" It matters a great deal that they cover it up. I'm sorry. But yes, Obama sets the tone.
You are stupid really stupid or must be a right extremist Jew that is upset about Iran and looked in the mirror You are and your ilk are the racists since this President have been elected moron! You are the moral bankrupt blaming him for things that never before nobody blamed other Presidents and He was the one that got osama bin laden, so ironic! As a lot of people posted about here We talked about China moron and We. Don't know what happened with the plane and It's the Chinese that are doing the investigation and You think that the Chinese will let Obama dictate to them what He want Them to tell to the world? And why the 4 people killed in bengzi is more important than the 27 people killed in middle east during Bush and the 273 marines killed in Lebanon during Reagan? Omaba didn't removed the word islamic from the books matter of fact this happens during Bush's Presidency moron when Bush was on TV all the time proclaiming Islam was a peacull religion! Your hate for the President is color your opinions and You sound crazy, uneducated and unhinged and Democracts Would never cover for all Leaders moron We are republicans do. Take a shill pill pill or go pack sand because the chinese You'll never let nobody monopolized their investigation and results, stupid!
what do Atheist and the POTUS have to do with a commercial jet plane?
Both Pilots...who are both muslim, turned off the transponders and flew the plane to a location and ransom demands will be made shortly. The flight was an overnight flight so most people were probably asleep and had no clue where they were flying to. If the pilots had people on the plane helping them..they could have easily taken cell phones off of the passengers with the threat of force.
then.. they should take a flight with more european and americans on it.. why chinese?
Keep up with the news, #$%$ and you'd know.
In other words Sharan_Nash... the #$%$ doesn't have an answer.... (because there isn't one)
Disintegrated? Either shot out of the sky or a bomb on board. Take your choice.
When I have some intelligent info to take a choice on, but it may not be either.
Why would the article suggest the mystery is unprecedented?? AirFrance Flight 447 wwas very similiar. Searchers couldn't find the missing airliner until two years later.
"the closest parallels were the explosion on board an Air India jetliner in 1985 when it was over the Atlantic Ocean and the Lockerbie air disaster in 1988. Both planes were cruising at around 31,000 feet when bombs exploded on board."
I didn't know that Rick. The whole thing is sad. If it were an explosion, wouldn't there be a debri field? Is it possible for an entire plane to just sink down to the bottom with no fuel leaked out? There are so many questions that need to be answered here. I'm no expert but it makes more sense to me that if it were a terrorist act, wouldn't some group want to claim responsibility?
Rick, they found pieces from the AirFrance flight within days. They didn't recover the black box itself for a few years, but debris was found almost immediately.
Well, Miriam, there are news reports said that a Chinese separatest group called the Uigers claimed responsibility by giving a hand-written letter to a news agency. They did not say what happened to the plane, only that they claimed responsiblity. It's crazy! Perhaps that they have the plane inside a huge warehouse somewhere, and everyone is ok? Or have they bombed the plane, killing all the passengers and crew? It's baffling!
Big Head, yes, you are correct. They started seeing pieces within days, but still, we are a few days away from it being a week since the plane went missing, but with the USS KIdd heading to the Indian Ocean, and will be there within 24 hours, perhaps searchers from that ship will see pieces of the plane in the water. I hope the families receive closure from this. This is most important, that they know their loved ones on the flight did indeed die, and there is no more waiting for answers. It's going to be very sad, but the mourning process will start IF the USS Kidd starts finding plane debris.
Reading some of the comments here; wow, some of you people are on some powerful drugs.
Why do they always have to through in a little blurb about the stock dropping? Who gives a #$%$ if the stock dropped? 239 people are dead!
Should we blame this on Bush, FOX News, climate change, or a youtube video?
AJ, I notice you didn't answer my question. It has to be one of them.......
What a ridiculous article...there is no evidence of anything because they haven't found anything...so speculating about what it might NOT have been is stupid.
If you want to see stupid, just read some of the far fetched theories posted in these comments.
Ohh no...mass prayers to families and friends.
Disintegrated, seriously? Lets get real here....it was bombed.
That's what they mean by disintegration....it was either bombed or there was some other explosion.
Definitions: disintegrate - break up into small parts as the result of impact or decay. explode - burst or shatter violently and noisily as a result of rapid combustion, excessive internal pressure, or other process Clearly they don't want to imply it was bombed....but clearly it was.
I think they're fine with the implication, they just don't want to directly say it was an explosion, because the evidence is still circumstantial. I think it's obvious they mean the "impact" form of disintegrate, not the "decay", given we're talking about a few hours of flight here.
Well they are saying disintegrated at 35000ft....not much up there to impact with now is there. I'm just saying let's call a spade a spade....something nefarious happened up there.
Guess what Andy? It was a bomb.
With today's people using technology..I cannot believe that no one on that plane contacted a friend or family member. If something was going on..it had to be sudden and catastrophic... So sad...
I am with you on that one.
if it broke up in the air, surly there would be floating debris, paper, magazines, pillows ???
Bombers who target any public transit , whether trains or planes, are the most spineless bitter dysfunctional maggots ever born .
Agreed, also any innocent public venue whether it be a sporting event, concert, restaurant, etc.
How is it that in this day and age people can board an aircraft with fake passports?
At 2 pm on May 11,1996 , a large fire broke out in the cargo hold of Valujet Flt # 592 . The DC-9 nosedived into the Florida Everglades and was quickly covered up in the murky waters of the huge swamp . A similar crash happened in 1987 on a South African Airways 747 that was also carrying prohibited hazardous material in it's cargo hold when a fire broke out . That plane was eventually found at the bottom of the Indian Ocean . . I think the Malaysian Airlines 777 suffered a similar fate . Once the investigators find out what the plane was hauling, it will shed some new light on why it suddenly disappeared from radar ............................. I think the joke is on the guys who were traveling with stolen passports ! ..........
Kascha : You are unusually well-informed about airline history and some aviation matters...Why is that ? Did you used to work in the business ? Fly for a hobby ? BF an airline pilot ? Just curious...:) BTW , I am tending to agree with your assessment...
News Flash ! Malaysian 777 found* ! *Some assembly required. Batteries not included.
Some people believe the 5 navy avenger bombers ran out of fuel and crashed in the Okefenokee swamp in 1946 . Till this day Flt #19 is still missing without a trace !
Yes, but how do you happen to know all this stuff ? It is unusual on YouWho boards for someone to actually cite factual information about aviation and know what he/she is talking about. You told me about your father and brother in the navy and why you know what a carrier battle group is, an F4F from an F6F, and an F4U from an F4 ; but this is civil aviation.
Jack : I know all that stuff because I'm smart , I come from a navy family, and I sometimes watch Seconds from Disaster
Ok...thanks... The way you claim to drive sometimes, I think you are just seconds from disaster !
It's pretty simple how she knows those facts Jack in the box,,,,she just googles aviation stories then copy and paste them onto here,,,that's not smart, that would be cheating,,,
....raising suspicions of foul play....Ya Think?
the ONLY thing for sure IS no-one knows for sure
If it was terrorism of a hijacking then someone does know.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," So this idiot thinks there are no Asian immigrants in Austria or Italy? Was he talking about the anti-diversity Israel.
@Goatus...You are the idiot. Even if they were immigrants, it's doubtful that they were Austrian or Italian citizens and holding a passport from those countries. European countries are much more liberal with their immigration polices than here in the U.S., which is why they have a huge "Muslim" problem.
Oh steve you are so full of it.
Oh my, ALL YOU GIUYS^ ARE FULL OF B.S. ..Stop the RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
GoatASS is a polemic pos, and NOT very bright. He got his bigmouth working overtime in a glory-hole. Trying to save up money for it's sex change operations.
Steve why would that be doubtful? Italy is full of Asians, have you ever been there? Many of those people could easily be citizens, there are many avenues to citizenship. Austria may be more unusual, but nonetheless certainly possible.
steve .....really...tell us what an American " looks like " and while you there what an European " looks like " .....steve.....just go back to your trailer park and shut up.
Israel accepts gays, just not other nationalities. Go figure.
Parts of Asia invited Islam in hundreds of years ago. China smells the stink and refuses to put up with their BS.
Italian and Australian names and passports invoke suspicion when the faces are Asian! Nothing wrong with profiling , we subconsciously do it for protection everyday!
You guy are missing the point here! Of course there's asians immigrants in those countries but they kept their family name.If their name come up like Mussollini or Hitler on their passports,that should raise a red flag because how many asians have those europian sounding names like that?? That's the point the guy from Malaysia tried to emphasize.
Joesph how do you know who kept their names? Maybe people were adopted, maybe some were refugees, who knows? the point is that it's a stretch to say outright that this inconsistency alone is enough to stop someone in their tracks at the check-in. I hear what your saying but hindsight is 20-20 it's easy for us to say this now.
How many Asian "Luigi"s are there in Italy ? The airport security must be a joke in Malaysia
Actually Israel has Vietnamese and Filipino/a native born citizens. Buddhist and Roman Catholics for the most part.
Well have you ever met any Asians named Luigi?
Goatus: The latest Reuter news today (Monday 3/10) said the security officials CONFIRMED that these men did NOT have Asian-looking faces. So, your theory is OUT for now.
Yes, D.M. they said (in a round about way) that they were black.
that plane is on land some place . there has to be something floating if it was lost at sea .
We can pick up news feed from mars rover but can't locate a plane. Wth?
Did anyone look under the couch that's where I always find my remote when it's lost.
condolences to the families... and may they have closure... but i must address these Zionist Hasbara clowns on these yahoo blogs... they have no shame.. They are on a agenda and DO NOT care who suffers, or has suffered... They are are on these posts, jumping on the "Zionist Jew run bandwagon" ... causing Muslims with this tragic event... we do NOT HAVE THE FULL story... stop with ur lies... where do u cross the line?... we know u DO NOT care for anyone none other than urselfs "it always about ME ME ME"... Good example are thes two likud clowns (CC and ISHY Pro Israel Pro Israel)
like i told these Hasbara rats LIKUD clowns "passenger with stolen passport had no terror ties,Man with stolen passport on jet is asylum seeker"".... I knew that..but people like CC ans Ishy pro Israel thought it was a Muslim... we know ur agenda lil ladies.... U both are pathetic..=-)
Yaaah,here it goes(---!!!---)-We are now living in the age of Supreme Technology.We successfully landed on Mars,we can pinpoint one terrorist location from one corner of the world and destroy it with just a finger's touch(with some damage which in our modern language we call Collateral Damage),we can spy on millions of peoples every single move in the name of ''Anti-Terrorism''...bla bla bla... But what we can't do is to find even a single trace of a Gigantic Jet that vanished(vanish=so funny a word) with 239 people on board... Hell No To this ''Development oF Technology where They with endless effort create supppper technology to destroy or kill human beings on this earth rather than finding some ways to save innocent civilians like us...''
Black(orange) Box 1960's technology, same as airway(radio flight paths) 1950's technology. Airlines are much too advanced to use satellite GPS 2000 Technology.
All of you that are making jokes of this are SICK!!
Why did the pilots not shower before the flight ? They wanted to...oh, alright, I won't tell the joke
Father Let your will be done.
My will is for all you Christians to quit bugging me with all your trivial bullzit. -Your Father
Very sad story. I am praying for the victims.
Talking to an imaginary sky wizard won't do much.
Well he isn't exactly awizard, and it won't do much here in the Mortal World. But it will do a lot up above.
Pretending your sky wizard is real, why would you ask him to help the victims out RIGHT AFTER HE MURDERED THEM. Do you theists not realize how many holes are in your theories on a god?
Well, it isn't exactly "murder" if you believe in eternal life in a BETTER PLACE. It would be an honor, actually.
If it broke up in mid air.... Seat cushions are designed to float..... You would think that there would be some debris scattered for miles.
I just can't believe no one knows what happened to this plane.
Call me stupid, but--if the plane breaks up at 35,000 feet the debris field should be miles across.
But but but there is no pieces from 1 to 5 miles starting the area of lost contact of the radar in that plane.
First, of all this is SO sad. Those poor people and their families. But, this story doesn't make sense. Why isn't there any debris anywhere? The entire plane disintegrated????? Stolen passports? Something is going on.
Disentigrated? Give me a fucking break. This was likely the so-called religion of peace once again.
If the plane would have turned around, wouldn't the pilot have made radio contact first ?
there is no evidence of anything. they don't know what the heck happened.
An Iranian bought 2 one way tickets for cash used by 2 people traveling on stolen passports. What an incredible coincidence. Let us not rush to judgment. Folks if it looks like a duck.......................
No, but they don't have to cover up terrorism!
Can I get a Whoa Bundy?
I wonder how Hillary Clinton views this? Just like Benghazi... "They're all dead, What does it matter?"
And Ovomit says its "just a bump in the road."
Ah, they'll find a way to lay blame on Iran or N. Korea, never fear !
"The captain has asked that you lock arms with the people sitting next to you and grab hold of the sides of the plane to prevent disintegration. We would ask that you continue to do this for the remainder of the flight."
Ever see an Asian driver on the road. Same thing only bigger vehicle.
What a terrible comment!! What kind of person can you be??
It went into Portal2 the-perpetual testing initiative .(?)
Im thinking they went to that Lost Island.
I just hope Jack is with them.
reports out of asia and some from ireland have said and are saying it was a missle from north korea....... the media is so hush hush... america wake up look beyond our news.
Our Father which art in heaven hallowed be your name, your kingdom come your will be done on earth....Lord comfort these families. Amen
Our prayers need to go out for all of them.
Seems odd that in today's technology there is no trace??
a plane just doesn't break apart--let's just say it--TERRORISM!
Can't be terrorism. Obama took credit for killing Osama - the world is afe now.
i just do not see any tech diffculties to put video cameras inside planes, it must be done as soon as possible.
Every OUNCE of equipment is an OUNCE of fuel that gets left in the ground , If the average passenger had a CLUE as to how close they were to being a paying GLIDER passenger, they wouldn't set foot on 99% of the flights today.
if u ask me the 2 stolen passports says it all!criminal act!
Find the boxes. They are suppose to give off signals..............for hundreds of miles.
Through that much water... no not that far.
Not if they were blown up with the plane!
If this airplane was in fact hijacked and is one piece, these guys are good.
I'm suspect of anyone who calls himself "Mr. Ali".
If it was a bomb there would be large pieces.
So all you need to do is steal a passport?
There are good people and bad people. We all are on a battlefield. Be watchful!.. God will bring those who belong to him to heaven don't worry about that. Those babies straight up to heaven!
On its 3rd day now, there are more questions than answers. If the plane disintegrated in midair how come there are 2 large oil slicks? Jet fuel would have been dispersed and scattered all over the place and not form into 2 chunks. And how do you explain the absence of debris? Life jackets, toiletries, luggage...????
The number of sick jokes/comments here is nauseating.
I hope we put our airports on high alert
With a debris field so large hopefully the "black box" has a beacon to locate it.
They do and the water depth is considerably shallower (less than 300') in the area of lost contact than where the Air france boxes were finally located- 13,200'.
BS........all of you need to start questioning everything!
This plane could have had been hijacked and landed somewhere..
and also that's why they didn't answer their phones. I read from somewhere that their families tried to contact them, it went through but no one answered.
This is just too sad. Of course I hope for the best outcome, even for one small thing for somebody.. I dont wish this on any single person on the face of the earth.
The problem with the high jacking theory and that they are still alive is where did they land the plane? It is not as if you can land a 777 on a short jungle runway...a 777 requires a fairly long runway to land. Also, why would it disappear from the radar screens; while the transponders on the plane could be turned off, this would simply stop the plane from transmitting identification information...but does not remove its radar signature...it will would be showing up as a radar blip, just without any identification tag on the blip.
Due to technology, clearly more is known than what they are saying. We will only be told what they want us the know in the way they want us to know it.....Just like every other incident that occurs in today's world......rarely, if at all does the truth match the story.
Is it possible to deactivate the black box and/or GPS/tracking system? Could someone have done that and then hijacked the plane?
You can't get to the 'black box'. But the transponder can be turned off from the cockpit.
Jaesun you're late for school. Get going.
The pilots can't deactivate the Black box. The plane can be hijacked but where can it land without detection? A plane that big is very hard to hide from the world.
Two men board plane with stolen passports; plane disappears: what could that have to do with terrorists? DA-da-dah-da-da... Dah da... da dah - Don't Speak It!
Since the airplane has disappeared without a trace, i would suggest that there is 'scant' evidence of ANYTHING.....
What ever happened to Reagan's 'Star Wars' program?
Shares in Malaysia Airlines fell as much as 18 percent to a record low on Monday morning.
Obama sold the stuff to China and gave the money to Solyndra.
I'm going to be Digging Deeper for the next few days. Latter
Hi Bret A, Dig Faster! Buster A. Brown
The University of Geosciences (CUG) in Wuhan, China has a SELFRAG lab.
I am the Global Fascist Elite You're All Gonna Die Soon I have robots, 3-D printers and test tube slaves I don't need you Now Go Check On Lindsay
Will the Meek inherit the earth?
Do not interpret my Meekness for Weakness!
Yeah, a Boeing 777 is the safest Jet on earth............... but not with two terrorist on board.
Then, 4 Dennis........... they change their story so much I can't keep up.
Most likely they went through a Time Warp.. Possibly alive in another Dimension..
Just like the twin towers "disintegrated", with iron beams turning in to dust before they could touch ground.
The pilot and co-pilot never sent out a mayday call.. so whatever happened had to be sudden and catastrophic..
It is so hurtful to see the pain on these people's faces. I feel so bad for them. I hope that their loved ones did not suffer too much.
Sad this is looking more and more like a bomb on board! stolen passports is the first major sign of a bomb! Again its probably some crazy jihad Islamist,... Sigh..
Or someone involved in the Chinese internal struggles. There are other terrorists besides Muslims, and you can read about them in the news.
If they were on Delta, their baggage would still show up since it never would have been placed on the correct plane.
Very sad. If it is terrorism it sickens me! These type of people have no souls!
Yeeeeaaaahhhhh...some vague sounding person named "Mr. Ali" who regularly pays in cash probably isn't a concern. Right.
Why cant the media just wait until the official report comes out as to why it crashed?? instead of speculating based on random possibilities??
So the entire plane just disintegrates?? Poof?? All that remains is just a door and an oil slick, huh? Clothes, luggage and wreckage gone, huh?? Yeah...sure.....sorry, I ain't buying that. When these guys come up with a better excuse let me know.
99% items will sink...use your head!!
Actually, it did not vaporize... it must have went off course alright and was pulled out of the atmosphere and is no longer on earth. Experiment not from this earth but in collaboration with the powers that be... Probable more truth in the above than in the official story.
Yeah.....uh....Hmmmm....uh....yeah, I know you were born last night but planes are made of this new thing called metal which can be detected no matter the size. Hmmmm...uh,....yeah....you know there is this thing called thermal imaging that if something were to explode with enough force to disintegrate it would register. Forget the black box, for a minute you'll only make up some moronic 10 year old excuse for that. I'll make this as simple as I can....uh...your cell phone, if you can afford one, can be traced. Be it on or off. So whichever head you used to make that comment, pull it out of your #$%$.
Oh, and another thing, @eddie.......99% of items will sink, huh? Close to 250 passengers and 99%of their stuff will sink, huh?? That home basement schooling is not working for you, huh?
plain and simple a terror attack and a dry run. why on earth would the powers that be admit to this? if they did admit it imagine the panic and terror knowing we are so vulnerable.
A dry run out of KL over a vast area of low population density doesn't quite make sense. What would the target be except another plane-load of people. Singapore?
the target is not the point. terror is fear, fear that safety is lacking. lack of safety mean economic impacts, people wont fly. this is terror.
planes usually don't fall apart so fast you don't have time to call in, if it happens that fast it's usually a bomb
Or there was no call because all electronics went to #$%$.
radios and cockpit essentials have all kinds of independent battery back ups
How does a fully loaded 777 with 239 people disappear without a single trace of debris? This would make for a good TV series. We could call it LOST.
The were commandeered to another country and will be held hostagr 'til a ransom is paid.
Maybe an alien ship swallowed the Malaysian flight - like that old James Bond movie, "The Spy Who Loved Me"
the plane obviously flew through a worm hole into another dimension.
Isnt this George W. Bush's fault?
Passengers on board with stolen passports should be the first clue
"you shouldn't think the two with false passports had anything to do with this" YEA RIGHT!!!
they were illegal immigrants trying to sneak into Europe.
and nothing has been confirmed yet, yada, if they ever get around to telling the truth.
Not buying the "explosion theory" at all. TWA Flight 800 exploded over water and debris was scattered over miles and lots of it. Here......nothing. Both pilots had muslim names + only evidence found so far is an oil slick = nosed in intentionally. Just an idea, but with no debris, it's about the only thing that makes sense now. Very gradual decent to get below radar, no radio calls, nose in at a couple thousand feet. Plane slides into the ocean......little to no debris nose straight down.
800 was not at 35 thousand feet and traveling at 400 mph.
The majority religion in Malasia is Islam. I do not know what "muslim names" means but it would not be a surprise were the pilots and most people there on the plane were muslims. So?
"Malaysia's air force chief said radar tracking showed it may have turned back from its scheduled route before it disappeared." What do you mean "MAY HAVE"? It either did or it didn't.
Meanwhile, Obama/Holder/Rice/Killary frantically search YouTube for another to video to place blame
Congratulation! I start to read the comments to see who would be the first idiot to bring up President Obama and you won. I'm sure you are also blaming President Obama for making you a moron.
its exactly what they did and still do...truth hurts losers...hey tell your boss i said hello
hey maybe you are right.....as per Killary "what does it matter?"
and um, confucious? i have come to expect every response, every motive, every word from a liberal always comes straight from their groin...thanks for not letting me down
......and he continues to not let me down
and um, its you are, not your putz
I hope this dosnt happen in the US.... they strip search grandmothers but they let 2 asians by the name of Christian Kozel and Luigi Maraldi go through no problem....
What a tragedy...and then a travesty, and then I must say that all of the "thumbs-down" people here ...we good-folk will see you burn someday, someway. Mean People Suck.
So two men of asian decent used passports of two caucasians and no one asked a question?...well in this day and age of political correctness those officials passing them thru would have been guilty of racial profiling and we cannot have that now can we............if it doesn't look like a duck or quack like a duck then it isnt a friggin duck.......
fred h: I was asking the same question but why the media and officials never ask this important question? And why these two stolen passport were not blocked? Is the fighting against torrorists only applies to the US and not to China?
Unprecidented? Do these writers have a clue? How many other planes have went down over the Ocean with no apparent cause? Morons.
They gotta make headlines so people will click on their articles and see their advertisers.
Planes just don't disintegrate in midair
It has happened before. For now it is all speculation and few facts.
For the sake of the people on the plane I hope it happened quick
awful news....cant imagine what the families are going through either the aircraft nose-dived head on into the water or it was exploded....its hard to imagine otherwise why the wreckage wouldnt have been found when the rescue responders will have access to crucial info like roughly where the aircraft was when it went off the radar screen presence of 2 people with fake passports is pretty shady; its a failure on the part of airport authorities that 2 guys with fake passports were able to embark on an aircraft
i meant that...thanks for the correction
Muslim #$%$ slaughtering innocent people again.
do you have info that the media and resuce responders dont yet? please share! otherwise stop trolling
"disintegrated at around 35,000 feet"... That could never happen. The Space Shuttle even had a debre field
2+2+2=74, It adds up as much as this story, A 777 disintegrated into thin air due to no debris field, 2 stolen passports, a muslim populated country, can't get a black box signal? right......every bit of the space shuttle was found over 5 states, Something stinks about this.
have the liberals blamed, GWB, republicans or the evil rich yet?
You forgot AGW or climate change
They don't have a clue what happened to the plane. I wish they would stop posting articles about it until they find the wreckage. Until then they are just beating a dead horse to death.
my prayers and heart gose out to all the families.
did they follow the new guidelines china imposed on aircraft entering Chinas "new airspace"? sad to say it could be a reality that it was shot down.
considering many where Chinese ....do not think so....
Disentigrated?? Are you kidding me?? Whatever
a plane just doesn't completely disintegrate in mid-air.......there will be some wreckage left floating in the water if it was an explosion in mid-air..........
My heart goes out to all the families and friends of everyone missing on this flight...may God speed.an answer.
what happens if it was the aliens from mars who blew it up
How can their be a oil slick if the plane broke up at 35,000?
Just THINK !!. If it broke up. a fuel tank can fall off and plunge in the sea and then brake up.
So.....They check everybody's shoes, but nobody's passport?
And next time they will check everybody shoes and passport but forget luggage, and the time after that, well, you know...
Hard to believe that there's not a world wide database tracking stolen passports?
What I would like to know and it has not been mentioned is Where any of the people on the plane texting? talking on the telephone? using laptops? when something happened? No one has mentioned any of the above Make me curious...
At 35,000 feet above, would there be signal?
Good Grief. Should have, may have, could have, would have.... when you know, tell us. In the meantime, stop speculation and second guessing. It's not journalism.
I'm still hoping for the best and most if not all of the 239 on board is stranded somewhere on some remote island and is waiting for help.
That would suck if they survived the crash only to starve to death on some #$%$ island.
chief suspect, the religion of hate and evil
We must not forget that the friends and loved ones of 239 people lost someone dear to them in this tragedy. The reason why may not be known for quite some time. But no matter the reason it occurred, our thoughts and prayers are with the loved ones of those who have been lost.
very well said and i agree with you Marky Bear
Thats pure #$%$, thats never happened ever, either it was shot down or a bomb was on board. the question now is who was on that flight. they, whos they? will take down a whole plane to get their guy
or there going to blame it on korea, ukraine, syria, it tis the spring, time for more war, they like war, bloodshed appeases their pagan gods, makes money, helps with population control
Whats strange is there are satellites that can read a newspaper on the ground from space yet there is nothing found . heat signatures?
I prey for the people that were in the aircraft in the crash
So many life's past away and family's crying in Beijing
I hop they find the airplane same day that happened last Saturday that happened
Ask the Men in Black, they might know where the jet is...
If you can't find the aircraft and flight recorders, aren't you being a bit presumptious?
This event is starting to resemble a "Lost" episode!
After it was hijacked where did it land then? Someone isn't telling the truth here.
A whole lot of speculators on Yahoo News. Now I know where to get accurate answers. John Slade Captain, United Airlines B-777
Nothing but the best news here! By the way Capt, when will United's food quality be up the European's airline quality?
Probably never. Tell me about it. I have to eat that junk too !!!!
No, you know where to read people's speculations.
Has anyone asked Dennis Rodman where he was during this incident? Did Kim jung whatever the (f)u(c)k give him a shoulder fired missile?
Mr. Ali to investigator : "I'm not a terrorist. I just move things."
GOD IS GREAT I AM REQUESTING EVERYBODY WILL PRAY FOR THAT PASSENGERS WHO ARE TRAVELLING ON MALAYSIAN AIRLINES FLIGHT COME BACK SAFE TO THEIR HOMES
I'm seeing bits and pieces of news and chatter about MUSLIMS being at the bottom of this. Possible the pilots did an Ala-akbar into the ocean.
What we know.... 2 passengers used stolen passports. Their tickets were purchased at the same time. They did not appear to be Asian. The plane went missing very early into the flight (still lots of fuel left). The pilot was an aviation geek, he even had a flight simulator at home. So far, there is no evidence of a crash. No fuel, no wreckage...We may yet see that plane again.
If tons of debris is not floating on the water , try looking in the jungles .
Malaysia has a bit of irony to deal with. For years corrupt officials in the government have issued false identifications cards (we say “ID” they say “IC”) to illegal immigrants in Sabah. Now they get burned (maybe) by two guys using false passports.
THEY DON'T CARE THEY GOT THE $ THEY THINK PEOPLE ARE FOOLS
This plane was hi-jacked. these people are still alive....watch and see!
Maybe it was hit by one of North Korea's test missiles...
the making of news when there is no new information available is amazing .....
Somthing must have shot it out of the sky.
Surprised the US gov hasn't blamed it on Putin. You know, since he is the 2nd coming of Hitler apparently.
Both pilots have Muslim names. That kind of expands the scope of possibilities.
#$%$ check your geography, not likely.
at 35000 feet? is that possible?
it got caught between two battling alien space craft.
Is that the best explanation you can come up with yahoo? That the plane Disintegrated and there isn't a speck of anything floating in the ocean? You can't expect us to believe that! Now I have heard everything. Did you ever think for a moment that the plane was hijacked and the pilot was ordered to DUMP Fuel and then landed at an airport in Vietnam? Geez, why must I point out the obvious?
Even a Atomic bomb does NOT disintegrate everything!
King Obama was on tv earlier today and he claimed it was Bush's fault!
i said before, they bust into the cockpit andforced the pilots to take it down under the rader and flew it to a friendiy airport and its in a hanger or under some tarps
@Raymond: The fuel-dump and quick landing theory seems likely, I agree. @Jennifer: For a lot of people, humor is a defense mechanism. My brother is like that, cracking jokes when he is sad or hurting or afraid. So just because people are joking does not mean they have no compassion or don't feel some empathy and sense of loss for those on board MH370; it could very well be just the opposite. Perhaps you should learn more about your fellow humans before you make snap judgements.
No, radar and the US satellite would have picked that up. Didn't happen.
That is SICK R. Humor in this circumstance no matter what nationality of these people are on this plane is NOT funny. People making jokes on people's deaths on here are sick people. What comes around goes around.
The tickets were originally purchased in Bangkok, you can buy anything there!!!
Does the writer of this article even know what "unprecedented" means? What a laugh and total lack of knowledge!!!
How does a jet disintegrate in mid air!!!?
It blows up into a million piece..DUH!!!
It has happened before that a plane had disintegrated.
It cant all just disintegrate into thin air.. Did they even check to see if the airliner SANK under the water?
they probably have special apparatus to locate under water silly
"China urged Malaysia to speed up the search for the plane". If China is so concerned, why don't they get out there and help?
ever see the movie The Langoliers?
Ever seen the classic show twilightzone Odyssey of light 33
Why aren't the "It's aliens!" gang here?
Barnaby: that mostly all I heard "it was aliens" you'll see em..
They were out in force this morning. Maybe they all went to lunch. I'm sure they'll be back
This plane was blown up by terrorists.Muslim terrorists are an inferior race of primitive-smelly savages that need to be exterminated.We need ethnic cleansing!!Islam is garbage,so is Allah!
The ocean is pretty big people...calm the #$%$ down and give it to the end of the week.
I think I saw this plane, it was under an Over pass in NY. the wheels were missing and the engines were gone, and someone drew a huge penis on the side of it!
No that was a photo of you.
OMG that was hysterical... did you make that up yourself? Because, Im thinking you stole it from Kevin Hart or Chris Rock or some one like that!
Once they lost contact or radio contact couldn't the black box still be tracked ?
The "black boxes" are not a tracking device; they are the onboard flight data and cockpit voice recorders. As for searching for them now, it is because these devices have a feature that when exposed to water, emits a pinging so that the devices can be located...but this pinging only lasts for about 30 days, before it runs out of power.
Disintegrated????? Really??? Is that the best u could come up with? I'm pretty sure a 777 can't just vaporize into thin air with no trace. It will show up. Sadly in many pieces.
If you have a radar track on a plane, there should be no question as to whether it "may have turned back" before contact was lost. It either did or it didn't. Why the confusion?
It saddens me that in todays modern technology world we can not find a plane with 239 people, their belongings or ANY trace. We can find our stolen cars, we can find our lost dogs, but a HUGE jet? Not a trace? There is no way I can think about what these families are going through. I pray this plane is found. I really do not understand if this plane did disintegrate, WHY no parts have fallen? No bodies? Luggage? ANYTHING? Sadly, I suspect it is submerged under water in a deep ocean, but wouldn't radar have picked it up? So damned sad.
I feel like the Malaysian Government is trying to mislead us here. Disintegrated at 35K feet with no debris? Come on....
Kind of like that WMD mislead that cost us trillions
Richard Reids brother Harry Reid is responsible for this...naturally.
If, just if the plane EXPLODED in mid air, one would think that there would be debris ALL over the surface of the ocean, especially life vests
Where is the nearest island? Oil marks in the sea are from fuel dump. Could it be that plane landed somewhere on the island?
twas my first thought, but i got only dislikes for posting it:(
There tons of tiny islands in Gulf of Thailand and south china sea.
If they know the passports were stolen, why the hell did they let those people get on the plane?! All passports should have been checked.
It is really ODD....the world is Topsy Turvy...people thumb me up for my juanty quips....and thumb me down for being sincere and sombre....ONE MESSED UP PLANET!!!!
So true. It has gotten worse over the last couple of months.
For all of you keying in on the false passport issues, remember, This wasn't in the US and the use of technology is NOT the same all over the world.....
It is "unprecedented mystery" only if it was terrorism caused by non-Muslims.
You are an insult to humanity and an embarrassment to your country, but you are too stupid to know it. Your hate does do any harm to Muslims it only shows who you are
Pr0phet Muhammed who married six year old Ayeesha and had sex with her when she was nine is a an insult to humanity and an embarrassment to whole Mankind.. curse be upon him
This whole story reminds me of Stephen kings novel "The Langoliers"!
Yeah this plane just desinigrated in mid air like building 7 just collapsed for no apparent reason at free fall speed on 9/11.
Why, because YOU don't agree Lx? typical.
No I agree you're an IDIOT!
That muslim religion is always a source of trouble. They use religion as a right to kill..even their own.
muslims are ordered 91 times in the quran to murder people who do not pledge to their beliefs.
I'm not surprised I've heard alot of outrageous things in that quran (bible).
cute please don't compare the quran to the Bible, the Bible is God's Holy Word.
Is Disintegrated the new word for BLOWN-UP by a BOMB in mid-air...?
No distress calls whatsoever before disappearance = Muslims again
anyone else think someone launched a missile at it and are covering it up
Not impossible, but doubtful in this case.
.....when checking in for flights.....Airlines, perhaps should scan people's fingerprints as the do when entering the US at the Airports.....and perhaps have a camera scan faces of passengers to match the passports......
Did they start a land search?
We don't need to search for land we have most of the planet on google earth now.
"Disintegrated"?....nope sounds like a cover up to me.
Planes don't disintegrate due to bad maintenance. Something has to cause an Explosion of great heat and magnitude in order for ANYTHING to "disintegrate".
Maybe they served curry on board?
its very sad that up to now no-one seems to know what really happened on the other hand i feel the immigration officials must not be blamed ...for someone to say an italian and an austrian with asian face is not real thats not true...does he mean to say that all people that are africans are black??my understanding is that even in africa there are white africans...asian africans...look at the USA...Britain...Portugal...Brazil just to mention a few countries but there are so many countries with people of different colors and yet they are all citizens of those countries.....for me iam so eager and waiting to hear what really happened...where is the plane??
calm down racists. Flight 447 took a while to figure out. It hasn't been that long yet.
true, it took 5 days for debris to surface.
Vin-A: Dude. You seriously need a Qualude. Or.................maybe a few less.
MY though and prayers are with all the 239 people and crew on board the aircraft, and the families!!!
andrea...God bless them, their bereft FAMILIES & YOU!
that's code for "aliens took it"
cuckold wive always found by GPS, why this plane don't have
There is no debris because it was flown straight into the water like a missle.
There would be TONS of debris if it was flown straight into the water! Plus radar to show it dived into the ocean. Then a question. Why did they do it.
radar lost the plane, so you are wrong
Transponders can be shut off no?
there's is no way that plane disintegrated into pieces with not a single part of the plane has been found.
are they suggesting stolen passports are routine?
Yes. Interpol has a list of over 40 million stolen passports globally in its data base. Highly doubtful that most (or even many) of national security agencies are hooked up into the Interpol data base. Conversely, no way of knowing if all the separate national data bases of stolen passports from individual countries are incorporated into the Interpol global data base.
That's just dumb. A high altitude decintegration would have scattered "floatable" debris EVERYWHERE!
ALL MUSLIMS ARE PEACEFUL..EXCEPT FOR 99.9%! ISLAM= Camel Excrement Murdering Maniacs!!
Very true, but the pc people won't like you now, they hate the truth.
I think the plane is deep in the ocean where the oil spill was first found.
what good would a terrorist act be if no one claims responsibility
It does sound a bit like a B.S. story slipped out a little too soon...
MY PRAYERS GO OUT TO EVERY FAMILY OF THE PLANE DEAR LORD PLEASE HELP THEM FIND THEIR LOVE ONES DON'T LET IT BE TO LATE AMEN
With all the satellites in space you cant tell me one of them didn't pick something up of what could have happened
Im not stupid. Something fishy is going on.
We will know soon, my money says it was terrorists. Aircraft just don't "come apart" midflight.
"American spy satellites for evidence of a mid-air explosion, but saw none at all"
.............It's like an episode of Twilight Zone..... "May-day...anybody....this is Trans-Global Flight 33...can anybody pick us up?..we're low on fuel & need instructions....come in please.." "Skipper...it's like there's nobody listening...maybe it was when the plane shook with the bright light & we accelerated past mach 4.." "You're right Magellan...somehow...some way..we seemed to have passed through a time barrier.." "May-day..I say again..this is Trans-Global Flight 33..." ...So folks..next time you hear a jet over-head that seems to be in trouble...it could be Trans-Global Flight 33 trying to get home, from..The Twilight Zone.. Rod Serling
The 'Bermuda Triangle' just shifted gears or the '4th' dimension was successfully entered. Laugh all you want. No May Day. No debris trail. No satellite confirmation. Nothing. Nada. Zippo.
Not to be funny. But this is one for the X Files.
Sounds more like Lost to me...
To the disrespectful media --- LEAVE THESE POOR SOULS ALONE!!!!
if it broke up,wheres the pieces at,cant even fine that.WOW poor people and famlia,
Disintegrated: 1. To become reduced to components, fragments, or particles. 2. To lose cohesion or unity: pressures that cause families to disintegrate 3. Physics & Chemistry To decompose, decay, or undergo a nuclear transformation Over 200 families will live with this bull excuse for the rest of their lives......
Its more likely they are looking in the wrong place.
"distintegrated"...ok thanks that clears it up. No article can dare bring itself to say the word "Muslim"
deep condolences for the relatives, families and loved ones of the victims. it is very saddening the loss of lives, my prayers.
Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi is an idiot. there are Asians living all over this world.
sendings hugs to the families, hoping you find peace in your sorrow, so sorry
May I suggest at least finger print check in ?? we have all iPhone finger scan and not at air port security ?? dumb
so then I cut off someones finger, strip the bone out , place it over my finger and I blow the plane.
I hope nobody on that plane suffered :'(
seems to me like aliens ... HOW THE HELL DO YOU LOOSE A BOEING 777?????? God Bless everyone on that flight.
the people of this planet have no respect! during a search you publish a title like that? sad to see
Passport photos are the lowest-tech way to check a persons identity. Have we become so dependent on computers that no one looks at actual people anymore?
RIP for these poor victims, but I suspect sabotage. Who? dunno.
NO DEBRIS??? SO MUCH FOR THE SEAT BEING YOUR FLOTATION DEVISE????
One thing i donn,t understand or to get ..Is how in the h..... a 777 airplane disapear from a radars..even the Military ones??????
It is time for the world to extinguish these muslim terrorists
There is no proof it was "Terrorists".
if the plane split up mid air there must be wreckage floating in the sea. i dont agree with that theory at all.
"disintegrated in mid-flight" ?.... Unlikely...(One) There would have been NO oil slick on the ocean from the aircraft and (Two) There would be debris scattered and floating on the Surface of the ocean over a very Wide area.....
Passenger aircraft do not simply disintegrate in mid-air.
May have this, possibility of that....don't let a shortage of facts keep you from publishing one more account of what you don't know.
If someone in the west asked about a passport that didn't match the ethnicity, that would be called "racism." Silly PC hippies...
An 11 year old 777 does NOT "disintigrate" in flight due to "maintenance issues." As a jet aircraft mechanic licensed to perform aircraft maintenance by the FAA, I can say that this is not a maintenance issue. It is a terrorism issue, nothing but.
i'll wait for the investigation. my sympathies to the families of those lost.
There is ZERO chance this plane broke up at 35,000 feet and no debris except maybe a door is seen on the ocean surface. Way too many bouyant items in the plane for them all to sink.
Agreed, not 1 seat cushion/flotation device, luggage, etc.
Right now all we have is speculations. The US has the poorest airport security in the world. Don't knock another country if you have never been through their security. Asia has very good security. Better than the US.
The black box and voice controls, hold the answers if they are ever found,,,until then anything is possible..
a door floating in the water? i assure you the door of an airliner won't float.
what ever it was, it was swift since no one had time to call anyone on their cell phone.
..so they "know".. within a few minutes of a p[lane going down.. that fake passports are aboard... Tell me.. why didnt they do something BEFORE the plane left...
Barry needed a diversion from obarrycare...... Hmmmmm
.....of Course disintegrated ...........like the plane in Shankesville and at the Pentagon....ups...oh, my bad .....they vaporized .................
With a death toll nearly 10 TIMES that of Sandy Hoax maybe it's time to ban aircraft...for the good of the world...to keep our people safe...for the safety of the little children.
so sad, my prayers are with the families who lost someone..
Disintegrate? Really?...... That Rolls Royce Engine is made of Titanium and Alloy. Impossible to just "disintegrate".
titanium milts that is what they make corvets wheels out of in they melt
Disinigrated with a little help from a Muslim terrorist.
Terrorism, will never end. Those kinds of people die, to kill !
they are scared of pigs. put pigs on the planes, problem solved.
I like a good knee jerk Reaction so Im guessing Godzilla.
I blame it all on "climate change". The Bermuda Triangle moved to warmer waters. Sarcasm added at no extra expense.
iranian. paid in cash. a name of mr ali. cheapest tickets. stolen passports. what excactly do they think is not terrorists?
Of course these are the same investigators who can't seem to locate a 777 so we should take their word for it I suppose…...
Didn't they find the black box?
they did, it was buried in yo mama's a,s,s,
I heard on the News that they did.
No debris has been found including any airline emergencies response.
HAHA Mr. party pants...although I've never heard of a BBC being called a black box... fyi...BBC = Big Black #$%$... yeah gotta love them BBC
A plan just goes missing with hundreds aboard? What a load of bs. I'll never fly in Asia.
Maybe it went down in the jungles of Vietnam.
maybe it flew into a parallel universe
Where is Jack Bauer when we needed him? Isn't there like 200 cell phones on that flight? They can't all be damaged from the crash. Didn't they show that in a movie once that as long as the battery is intact, they can trace their positions? Looks like NSA is lying again.
They were all turned off and went under the sea.. no signal!
Pretty sure you don't get many bars on the bottom of the ocean.
If the plane disintegrated at 35K , then why we're there oil slicks ???
Fuel cells are built very tough. They can survive an aircraft breaking up only to be smashed when hitting water at terminal velocity.
I have to believe their tale, planes do not just fall out of the sky or zapped up by UFO's.
And Obama is slowly, methodically reducing our military.......
Which is what he said he would do. Most people want that.
He has to cut the military to fund his national security force: "We cannot continue to rely on our military in order to achieve the national security objectives that we've set. We've got to have a civilian national security force that's just as powerful, just as strong, just as well-funded." (emphasis added) Barack Obama July 2, 2008
So what kind of picture are you trying to plant this time?" I get the feeling the word TERRORISTS is to be AVOIDED again?"
They are not searching in the right area. It's the only way to explain this.
Was there an Aurora Borealis? (e.g., Stephen King's The Langoliers)
Huh? The plane disintegrated at 35,00 feet....."we are still looking for the plane". Excuse me, but look for the the damn black box.
There wouldn't be much to find if it disinegrated way up there. No bomb they say. Mechanical difficulties could have done it. Never heard of that.
Uh...they need to find the FREAKIN PLANE to find the black boxes idiot!
they're not terrorists. they're illegal immigrants trying to enter europe illegally.
I can only pray that those aboard never knew what happened to them
So...to sum up. NO evidence of anything....means,....no evidence of anything? Who writes this #$%$?
the plane has gone into the Twilight Zone
I shot an arrow into the air, where it....uh oh?
Must be global warming...I mean climate change...I mean....Prayers for the family.
get past the tech side- find the humanity part- loved ones are MISSING
There's no evidence either way till they find the plane. But a plane at 35,000 feet falling at a thousand feet per second has 5 seconds to make a mayday call. Something had to happen in the air to prevent that.
The oil slicks were tested and were determined NOT to be fuel from an aircraft
Why are Muslims allowed on flights with non-Muslims?
Something's fishy with a "go-between" paying cash for one-way tickets for men with stolen passports.
This plane never went towards the ground tower radar showed
When does the US start blaming its friends in Al Qaeda?
"Malaysia air probe finds scant evidence plane was consumed by previously unknown "Malaysian MegaBird From Hell"."
Who are these European experts? Let them clean their own doorsteps first, like England,France,Germany, Holland,......Full of elements related to terrorist organizations.
Why do I get the feeling some official(s) somewhere aren't telling the truth of what they know? Something about this just doesn't pass the "smell" test, but I can't put a finger on it....
THe media is using this as a distraction since that whole Newtown thing is about to boil over. Fasten your seatbelts.
Little evidence? What are they talking about. They don't even know the where about of the plane.
Pooof....gone. Eventually some one is going to want to know what really happened.
"There is no evidence to suggest an act of terror," ... Hummmm, ... 2 guys with phony passports ... with consecutively numbered tickets ... purchased for them by someone other than themselves ... plane they were on disappears ... 240 people missing ..... yeah, ....... nothing suspicious about that. Nothing there that might have anyone thinking it was a terror attack. .......... Oh wait
the sharks that have the really fat bellies know that 227 chinese make a hearty filling meal
And the conspiracy theories should be rolling in on this one
They already are. Just read these comments.
sigh,,there is no evidence OF ANY KIND !!!!! IT'S ALL MISSING !!!!! NO ONE KNOWS SQUAT EXCEPT THE PLANE CANNOT BE FOUND AT THIS POINT !!!! SHeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
So the 2 passengers that had fake passports, bought their ticket at the same time, had FOREIGN names but the passports were from austrailia and italy......sounds pretty fishy if you ask me....could be an inside job or malaysia is just a corrupt country trying to cover things up
Maybe they were smugglers wanted by the authorities and bought stolen passports to get out of the country without being detected.
Not really. Experts that have been spoken to say that ANY flight that arge in asia has at least a few fake passports on it. They also say the odds this being related to the crash are not likely. (interpol has 39,000,000 lost or missing passports on file). But it makes for a higher click count if Yahoo keeps that story alive.
Only known as Mr. Ali and paid in cash for someones tickets raised no red flags. They wonder why they can't find the airplane?
Probably raised no red flag with the travel agent because he is a regular customer of hers.
If a plane that size hit the water at a few hundred miles per hour, there will be quite a bit of debris floating around for people to find. I find it odd that NOTHING at all has been discovered as of yet. I'm kind of hoping for the hi-jack theory and that the 239 might still be alive.
'john' yes you would think so ,hitting water very fast , however read and look at pictures of value jet crash in FL 10 ? years ago . Very little of anything was spotted from the air .Best bet is going to be from the 'black box's which put out a signal. Could take several months to recoverd but with any luck they will be the key as to what happend
In regards to high-jacking...where exactly did they land the plane? It is not as if you can land a 777 on a small jungle runway...it requires a fairly large runway. Also, why would it disappear from radar; while it is possible for the transponder to be turned off...this does not remove the radar blip...this merely removes the identifying information from being transmitted (so the radar blip is "unidentified").
abandoned military airstrip from vietnam war
Probably went down in dense jungle rather than where they've estimated
"illegal migrants" Couldn't get away with that in the USA!! They are now "superior citizens" in the USA, having a status above your average citizen, as they are permitted to break the law with impunity.
Obama was golfing at the time ..
Suddenly, the long lines at security checkpoints in the U.S. don't seem like "meaningless government regulations".
Obviously, you've never been to a 3rd world country. Security is worse than what we had pre 9/11. Got $20 and a trunk full of cocaine? You can bypass security.
yet my friends have been questioned because they (1) had military type attire in their luggage, and (2) brought in some beef jerky.
wait a minute... didn't the space shuttle " disintegrate " at how many ten's of thousands of feet???..... oh and did we not find debris???....and in the woods even.......so now we have an airplane at much slower speed than the shuttle, much closer to the ground and all we find is a " POSIBLE" oil slick???? A " POSIBLE " radar indication of a turn around....??? NOT BUYING IT MR. GOVERNMENT!!....... you got to do a little better than this....O.K., now where are my spell check police???? ill be waiting to hear form you with your highly intellectual name calling responces...........
Possible?: P O S S A B U L L
lol, there's one.... did you miss the other???.............
So the US does admit having satellite spies. At least they 're trying to use them for good. Strange story! Hope they find this plane soon.
How about if no signs of it on the sea, then perhaps it went somewhere else and landed. If it blew up or landed in the ocean, there would be debris present wherever it went down. Also a UFO could have taken it.
Surely there would be debris somewhere by now and be on the top of the water?
Not necessarily. And don't call me Shirley.
Look for floating dead people. Lots of 'em. That's the 1st clue.
If it disintegrated, then there would be no bodies.
Dead men tell no tales ............ except on CSI.
You can call them nobodies if you want, but to someone, they were very special...
Even Hitler was special to some people .......... everybody is, I think.
he paid her in cash, so how could he possibly be linked to terrorism? excellent deduction!
Its really sad news hopefully its hijacked than a bomb 239 lives on board is just way too much to be lost God help the family of the victims
"unprecedented aviation mystery" What was " "unprecedented aviation mystery" was flight 97. If you look at the pictures of the crash site you realize it is not really a crash site at all.
Have you seen the video from any angle at ground level of the one plane hitting the tower? There is a huge bulge in the fuselage on the lower right side. What commercial passenger jets have this bulge?
I seen that and Boeing had "No Comment" when asked about the modified plane.
Nothing like a plane crash to bring out the 9/11 morons with computers.
I thought that planes were so stout they could bring down steel skyscrapers
Fire can bring down skyscrapers. Planes at speed do a lot of damage and turn into pop bottle size pieces of debris.
Can fire burn through steel beams?
No plane hit building 7, though.
Do you know how you cut steel?
fires did not bring down any of the wtc buildings. the temps required to melt steel were never reached by office fires. these were the FIRST ONES EVER TO DO THIS. it was controlled demolition. anyone believing otherwise is either a coward, shill, or traitor.
It wasn't the planes alone, nor the fires alone that brought down the buildings. It was a combination of the structural damage caused by the planes slamming into them and the weakening of the steel by the out of control fires that brought the buildings down.
Yeah? How do you turn steel into liquid rivers like that?
No need to melt steel. You only need to weaken it. This was a compromised design, using the outer shell as part of the structure. The first bombing could have brought it down if they had used more explosives, in the right place.
Well Sam, I guess you haven't seen the videos then. I have. search it on YT and tell me how that happens.
It's the Me Conspiracy Comedy hour....
The molten material that was observed was most assuredly aluminum (which planes and many office furnishings are made from) and/or glass both of which melt at much lower temperatures than steel. Lots of things melt and some of them look like metal when they do, but unless you're a metallurgist (and I don't think there were many metallurgists that were at the WTC when they went down) you can only guess what the molten material was comprised of.
There was probably enough heat to melt steel eventually. With a building sitting on columns, all you have to do is damage the support. The weight does the rest. That's why the steel is supposed to be protected from fire. The theory is that the crash damaged the fire protection, then the fire weakened the steel. Steel is not impossible to melt or cut. Every blacksmith does it. Fire is used to cut through steel beams. Get them hot enough and you can bend them by hand.
sam, at what temp does steel melt? at what temp do office fires burn? how long would it take for the entire building to even have an office fire? you are just sooooo dumb it hurts.
Spontaneous disintegration? Odd that the media does not want to call this what we ALL know it was....TERRORISM.
Maybe wait till there is time to figure it out instead of leaping to some conclusion you wish to believe in.
I wish to believe? What's there to figure out JOHN? Planes DO NOT disappear, and they DO NOT spontaneously disintegrate. I bet if I look at your responses to other questions, I will find you are a dyed in the wool leftist. It's only terrorism when a Republican is in office...amirite?
Yep....had you pegged. You're dismissed !!!
UUUUMM!? guessing the T.S.A. doesn't look that bad right about now.
All the tech and they cant find a single plane! Wow!
It's a bit scary that the MH370 disappeared on......March 7 :-(
Yeah, didn't realize that till you pointed it out. It is eerie for sure...
LOL Did anyone think of space alien abduction ;)
Only pieces of #$%$ like you that apparently think that hundreds of people losing their lives is funny.
Brian you have not been following this story if you were you would not have said that, I do care and have posted many time in support to the family's and dishing down the media my remark was pointed at those that chose to come up with the #$%$-nine remarks.
Maybe it really has been hi-jacked and landed on unused airstrip in cambodia or vietnam
Beam me up Scotty! No black box sending out a beep, no radio call. off the radar....it does make one think that this plane is on the ground somewhere, safe and sound but in the hands of the bad guys. You got a better idea. I thought that there was a chance that the bad guys got into the cabin, a fight started and the bad guys detonated a bomb.....just that what puzzling question, why no signal from the black box
Black boxes are at the bottom of the ocean - a ship with the proper receiving equipment has to be very close to pick up the signal, assuming the boxes survived impact. US Navy ships are now doing search grids seeking "pings" from the boxes.
Stay tuned for the Chinese version of the American show "Lost."
You have to ask yourself, who in Asia has to gain from shooting down a plain.
you spelled plane wrong. btw china, russia, india, pakistan, japan, thailand, etc
Maybe it saw something it wasn't suppose to see.
Debris field spotted and photographed ... first sighting of debris that is representative of this accident Commentary and photos at avherald website Crash Malaysia B772 over Gulf of Thailand on Mar 8th 2014, aircraft missing
Hong Kong's Air Traffic Control Center reported on Mar 10th 2014 around 17:30L (09:30Z) that an airliner enroute on airway L642 reported via HF radio that they saw a large field of debris at position N9.72 E107.42 about 80nm southeast of Ho Chi Minh City, about 50nm off the south-eastern coast of Vietnam in the South China Sea and about 281nm northeast of the last known radar position. Ships have been dispatched to the reported debris field.
Cant hold your hand to get you there.... certainly not making this up
Notice how Mike has a conversation with himself. That's usually a tip off that he's a liar.
I googled the exact words from Mike's post. There is a dutch site, www(dot)upinthesky(dot)nl/2014/03/foto-mogelijke-wrakstukken/ that has the exact words Mike posted - translated from Dutch. I know nothing of the site or its credibility, but that information does appear to be on the web. So maybe.
The information Mike posted seems to be appearing on multiple web sites, although none that look official. I tried to bring up a depth chart - it looks to be deeper water than where they were initially searching...
South China Morning Post 12:08 AM local time "Hong Kong’s Civil Aviation Department (CAD) said on Monday it had received a report from the crew of a Cathay Pacific Hong Kong-Kuala Lumpur bound flight that a large amount of debris was spotted at about 3pm off the coast of Vung Tau, southeast Vietnam. The department said it had notified its counterparts in Vietnam, Malaysia and in Sanya city, Hainan province of the sighting. The location of suspected debris does not match the path expected to have been taken by Malaysia Airlines flight 370, which should have flown directly over Ho Chi Minh City. The location supplied to the CAD was over the sea more than 125 kilometres south-east of the original flight path." It is very early morning is SE Asia.... this will certainly be reported heavily nearer to sunrise Passenger photo and coordinates posted at "The Aviation Herald"
Vietnam's Headquarters for the Search and Rescue operation of MH-370 confirmed receiving the report by Hong Kong's Air Traffic Control Center stating that a Hong Kong based airliner reported a large field of debris while enroute on airway L642. A Thai cargo ship in the area was asked for assistance and has set course to the area but did not find anything unusual so far. A second vessel asked for assistance did find some debris. Following this finding Vietnam's Maritime Search and Rescue Services (MRCC) dispatched a ship to the debris field.
well you dont want to racially profile. i blame liberalism for the whole thing...
Because you have nothing intelligent to say. More proof partisan politics is dumbing this country.
ok smart #$%$ the two dip$#!+s were let on the flight because the airport security didnt want to racially profile them because they looked different than the names on their passports would suggest. they set up a bomb on the plane and then set it off, but if the liberal security had stopped them for using false passports based on basic knowledge that liberals are trying to eliminate from human thought, this would have never happened and the plane would have landed safely. and i dont expect an intelligent response from you because you dont have the mental capacity to understand what i just said.
Even if you understood what liberal means, think it's a big issue in Malaysia? lol
"but if the liberal security had stopped them for using false passports based on basic knowledge that liberals are trying to eliminate from human thought" Thanks for proving me right, Normal Guy. Keep up the good work.
You're so narrow minded all you can think in is terms of liberal v. conservative. The dumbing down continues.
They always told that there was one thing for sure, "What goes up, must come down" -- Perhaps you might look somewhere else.
The armored black box with GPS disintegrated?
The first paragraph... with a massive air and sea search now in its third day failing to find any confirmed trace of the plane or 239 people aboard.
That doesn't say anything about the black box. You realize the black box is only one small part of the airplane, correct?
I think I would look for the Mr. Ali (for sure not his real name) and find out who he was buying tickets for.....and spend some quality time with the travel agent in Pattaya.
North Korea shot it down with a missile
What did they use, A rubber band and a paperclip?
If it did turn back then it would have flown towards the waters away from land for few hours, meaning pilot suicide. The search maybe not in the right areas
And yet, when people are asked for ID in this country to do things like vote and receive benefits, the illegal lobby and the black poverty pimps scream "Racism"!
LOL....doesn't matter, there would still be debris.
They're saying "disintegrated" when they really mean "vaporized"
alien abduction is not out of the question...
"We can track our kids cells, but can't track freaken planes travel, technology huh!!"
Aliens did it....I heard talking about it....Seriously though, this one is a real real head scratcher....
Yes, that's it. Somehow it found enough thrust to overcome Earth's gravity to launch itself into orbit.
sounds like there is more to this than they are telling us.
THEY DON'T CHECK 4 STOLEN PASSPORTS??..... sounds like a weclome mat for terrorist everywhere to hop on board, and come fly with us.
I'm telling you, this is one for the X-Files. The whole thing just reeks of Bermuda Triangle-likeness.
two stolen passports, two guys booking flights on the same day, from Iran. What else is there to say?
IF IT BROKE UP AT 3500 FT. THERE WOULD BE FLOATING PARTS 5 MILES LONG!! IF IT STALLED IT WOULD FALL 10,000 FEET PER MINUTE 3.5 MINUTES TO HIT THE WATER!!
Who wrote this story? A journalist/reporter or a media drama qween? The title of this story is a flat out in your face lie...
No mystery here. They allowed a couple #$%$in muslims with stolen passports to board the plane...the 2 rag headed MFs were trying to get to alah and those 70 virgins alah has ready for them to rape . The sorry MFs blew the plane and on the way to do those virgins.....I am not certain if alah watches them #$%$?
Why doesn't someone ask the NSA? Aren't they spying on everybody?
Oh man I'm so sorry i will say a prayer for them!
this is like a episode of "Lost"
RADAR ...do any of these countries have RADAR ? + when a Satellite can track 10,000s of flights around the Globe just how long does it take to review the Data !
They don't use radar. Along with condoms.
"There is a man on the wing of this plane!" John Lithgow the Twilight Zone
Are the Chinese ships in the area still firing water canons at all the ships from other countries?
look at when ValueJet crashed almost straight down at high speed in Florida .. Almost no sign of the plane was visible on the surface.
Their first lady even consoled people, not of her own race.
Glen, the defender of bigotry has spoken.
The Vietcong shot it down and hid the debris in their complex underground cave system
So what was the floating thing they thought was the door?
This was not a toy model airplane. When a huge plane breaks up at 30,000 feet there are tons of debris and a lot of it floats. Next they will be telling us it was abducted by a UFO and is now headed to some other solar system.
Dont go to third world cuntries.
it's just NOT POSSIBLE for That Plane to Break up at 35,000 Feet.......and Nothing be Found.......Remember.....There's Ships and Boats in The Search Area.......and on a Boat......You can Spot a Pack of Cigs or Candy Bar Wrapper Floating in Water
How can the "headline" for this article say it is "official the plane brokeup?" Typical media sensationalism without facts. Let's hear it for Yahoo again!!!!!
I'm sure they know what happened to it but just don't want to tell us.
With hundred of spying satellites buzzing up there not even one took a picture? Why the expense to keep them in space if they can not detect an event of such magnitude. We see movies where satellites are following people on the streets..............Wow!
I sure hope that after allowing 2 muslim dudes on a plane, using stolen passports, stolen years ago and easily FLAGGED in a system, they searched five 6 year olds and 2 grandmas, and took grandma’s denture cream, cause we wouldn’t want to offend a Muslim dude with a stolen passport…. And if you have to ask if I'm being sarcastic, you shouldn't be on message boards............
disintegration at 35000 ft. would be possible if hit by a nuke.
I thought they ought to be checking for radiation
Just use Google Map to find out why...seriously,
They can track everything we do on the internet but they can't track a plane???
they are 2 completely DIFFERENT things
We need phones that will still work underwater at least for GPS purposes
Austrian passport/name and Asian face? Thou shalt not profile. How's that workin out for ya ?
I do not think the immigration officials were that stupid!!!! they were part of it.
That's exactly hat I said a few post up from your post, Tribesman.
I can't imagine the size of the explosion needed to completely disintegrate a 777, those things are HUGE.!
This is nothing new...you're just repeating the same article over and over.
Case FOR Racial Profiling.... more help than not! "Malaysia's state news agency quoted Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi as saying the two passengers using the stolen European passports were of Asian appearance, and criticized the border officials who let them through."
The "official" seems to be an idiot. There would be debris if it broke up at 35K feet in the air.
But if it exploded, probably not
where can a plane this big land ... and in not some international airport????
It's the Langoliers, I'm never flying again.
Even US satellite imagery picked up nothing. Get ready for the "abducted by alien articles" in the news tabloids.
"If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy."- James Madison
GOD BLESS the people on board...
Something other than a "couple stolen passports" brought this aircraft down.
Back in 2012 this very same plane struck the tail of a China Southern A340 ripping the wing tip off the plane leaving it hanging of the tail of the A340.
I cut myself shaving the same day that happened. Not yet calling cause and effect though.
Right now, I believe it's only a matter of time before we find a few pieces.
I'm thinking that plane blew up. How bout' you???
I try to imagine the agony the loved ones must be going through and it makes me sick to my stomach.. the hell they must be going through. these poor people.
What do you expect when you let muslims on airplanes?
This is why I don't fly anymore........PERIOD!
Do we really need to hear about your period on a public board?
Our news in our area said that the military sat. said the plane had gone off course by miles.So not sure where went down cuz said transponder quite working.
sounds to me like the jet came apart mid-flight, hense no time to give a distress signal in the time it would take for something over 20,000 feet in the air to fall... explosion perhaps?.. sabotage?
How can it be official that a plane "may have disintegrated?"
I know it's like the media has become a bunch of blathering idiots hell bent on getting SOMETHING on their website about this.
some must of had their cel phones on texting' can't they track cel phone like they do on the TV shows?
yea from all those cell towers in the south china sea...............really you really thought that would work????
Don't forget that Kuala Lumpur was where the 911 perps plotted their plan. Just a stone's throw from the airport, I am told.
But wouldn't someone be claiming responsibility by now?
Another Flight 93 "Let's Roll" thing?
the oil slick was confirmed as from bunkering activities, not from the plane.
they see everything from satellite.....no country wants to divulge how awesome or how #$%$ their spying technology works...they're all playing dumb.. like they don't know nothin'
"May have disintegrated", Oh sure, and a UFO as big as Texas "MAY HAVE" swooped down and sucked the 777 up it's butt.
"The fact that we are unable to find any debris so far appears to indicate that the aircraft is likely to have disintegrated at around 35,000 feet," said the source."........ Yeah, with 239 people on board and all their luggage, plus every part of a 777, and nothing "floats"........... get real.
They can't even find a piece of the plane yet, but they already have "evidence" it wasn't a terrorist attack. Hmmm....
And you of course, have 'evidence' that it was. Hummmm....
I never said that I did have evidence that it was. But there is evidence that two people were traveling on stolen passports. That would tell you that there is evidence of something not being right with some of the passengers, therefore you cannot rule out terrorism at this stage.
So what do you have to say now Michael? LOL! They just admitted it was a hijacking. See, it wasn't that hard to figure out. :)
I thought they found it's door.
This is like an episode out of the twilight zone
"......appears to indicate that the aircraft is likely to have disintegrated at around 35,000 feet," Could you even imagine?
".......the source said there was no evidence yet of foul play such as a bomb, and that the aircraft could have instantly broken up into invisible dust (+ a door) due to mechanical causes......" Uh-huh. Yeah. Right.
And they say air is the safest of travels
All statistics are nothing more then scientists fact who later disprove their facts
Even so.. There would still be all kinds of stuff all over... Very strange.
airplanes don't carry oil. .avaition fuel does not make a "slick". it diffuses into sea water very quickly particularly given the rolling motion of the ocean. think again you media dummies.
Aircraft use hydraulic oil to lubricate moving parts. That would form a slick.
not enough to form a visable slick hydraulic oil on a plane is about 55 gals.
I am former commercial pilot for pan am
Then more than likely what they spotted was bilge discharge from a very large ship. That's known to go on all the time in Asia-Pacific waters.
yes that is true. also hydraulic oil used in the control systems in planes is not the same as the oil in your car. it is much thinner and of a different chemical composition. it will disperse almost immediately when it hits sea water. the bubble headed media do not appear to have any thinking power at all. the plane exploded through one means or another. it is impossible not to find any floating debris unless there was an immense explosion.. body parts if large enough float-they don't sink.
6.9 earthquake 50 miles off of Eureka, California 10:18 pm pdt.
Why are you making #$%$ up?
No Tsunami was generated and no injuries or damages are being reported in Eureka.
It's true, but it's totally irrelevant to this story...
"likely to have disintegrated at around 35,000 feet"... I think alien abduction is at least as likely as that theory...considering not a flick of physical evidence is anywhere to be found.
I'd like to hear how a jet can just disintegrate
After the titanium jet engines disintegrated from the plane that struck the Pentagon on 9/11, we can now be told that whole planes can disappear and no one will ask questions.
Hmmm...I just don't buy the "likely to have disintegrated at around 35,000 feet" theory... maybe some critical information as well as the plane are missing from this whole story ........
So basically there was foul play involved/
God, this is so very tragic. My heart goes out to them.
Where are the cell phone calls,not one that I have heard of so far. Maybe they used Sarin gas on everyone but that doesn't make sense either
If I were you, I would hold off on the comments until I had something that did make sense.
@Erik, we are free to speculate, and that's what we're doing.
Hope everyone on board still alive somewhere on some island somewhere. Best wish for them.
So the two with the stolen passports sit together, and some news outlets are trying to say they were just drug runners and victims as well. Question: If you're a drug runner, wouldn't you sit FAR away from the other drug runner on the flight?
Missing plane hit by a missile(s).
They know nothing! How can they speculate? How can an entire plane vanish with not a spec of debris? unless it is whole... sunk in water! And that is doubtful!
If the plane disintegrated at 35k feet, you'd think there would be floating debris scattered all over the place - seat cushions, insulation, baggage, etc. The bodies will eventually float :|
This the strangest and saddest story of my lifetime. How can an entire plane disappear? Even if it blew up there would be some debris. I pray for the people and families. I pray to God they find the plane and people.
While a very strange and sad story, if it is the strangest and saddest of your lifetime, you must be less than a month old.
I wonder what "mechanical causes" could make a plane "disintegrate" without a trace.
Lots of possible causes. Minor metal fatigue at 35,000 feet could rip a jet apart. Although metal fatigue would be unlikely on a jet that is under 20 years old.
I don't understand a brain that randomly kills 240 people........ To what ends???
I hate flying, (F)uck flying and (F)uck germs on airplanes, gross. This plane went straight down into the water and is intact with bodies inside. Aliens may have already pulled many for experiments. RIP
So so sad this happened but now there will law suits for $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ even if it was an accident.
wow.. this reminds me of a wormhole. And seems the location is the opposite of the bermuda triangle.
there were witnesses said:Malaysia Airport can't even check the water bottle out ,that meant there were possibilities that someone might bring liquid bottle on the plane and security never knew ,that is the major concern now !!!
A 12 yr old Airliner does not break up in flight due to "mechanical failure".....my money is an explosion, and the religion of love and peace is involved.
what i don;t get is, how can a big plane be missing? in the technology world of today. drones,gps.onstar,blackbox, and other devices. even if it broke up, the last exact location should be known.
but how the hell did it disintegrate?
If the plane were turning around as suggested wouldn't air traffic control have known that????
disintegrated? anyone think,maybe is was a bomb?!
I'm really praying that there was a stranded island conveniently nearby and all these people are actually safe and ok :(
People are stranded Skate, islands aren't. I hope you're right.
Broke up or blew up at 35,000 feet?
They are so afraid to say it blew up because of terrorism. Ridiculous.
What's ridiculous is making assumptions before the facts are known.
Possum: my opinion or assumption is just as valid as anyone else!
Possum, another Obama kool aid drinker. What do I think know, that is her next question?
yesterday it may have turned back, today it may have disintegrated, tomorrow I may have been cloaked by the romulans . I feel like im watching law and order.
would you rather not be updated with their theories as they develop?
how does a plane just vanish in air...still hard to believe they have not found one piece just some oil slicks
Could we be seeing the first jet hit by a meteorite? could have hit the tail and knocked out communications and eventually led to catastrophic failure.... or a door popped off......or a Muslim was on board.
ummm....maybe it's just me, but can something as big as a jumbo airliner has some sort of debris if it "disintegrated?" Something is Fishy.
I'm watching the news and I can't believe these reporters can't even say the word "Terrorism". They use words like "Man made catastrophe" or "Criminal event".
Way to early to be making calls they know nothing about yet.
Mr.Hamidi well said...."can't these immigration officials think"!!!! austrian and Italian passport holders with Asian faces! it does seem the world has lost all common sense.
When are we going to ban all muslims from air travel? Either that or have a muslims only flight, that way they can blow each other to smithereens.
So very sorry for the losses of those involved. My heart goes out to you all.
Why is it that a story like this attracts comment from every nut case, crank, and conspiracy whack job on the planet???
"The slicks have already been confirmed as being refined jet kerosene..."
#$%$ up if ya ask me
The part where Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said, "...Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," was soooo true, but if someone in the USA said something like that, all "H" would break loose.
it seems like something in that aircraft would be floating and be seen by the searchers
the ocean is 2/3 of our planet... it takes time.. imagine trying to find a boater in a dingy!
Probably Muslims blew it up... Duh???!!!!!
What, you are not blaming Obama for this too? Could be a coverup.
A Boeing 777 DISINTEGRATED???? Sorry. that's #$%$!!!
one reason 'profiling' should never be discounted to political correctness.
maybe the pilot tried to go back to land somewhere because they were in trouble and might have ended up somewhere ..
He should have reported it though. No call of distress.
that's a nice thought because no one really knows what really happened. no one knows if it blew up landed straight in the ocean either. maybe they are all on a deserted island of some sort and hoping someone will rescue them. they should start checking land out also besides the ocean waters. because they did say the plane veered to the one side off of pattern and then was gone. and if they think they seen a door of the plane why isn't anyone diving down to take a look at it? unless it's dark and they are waiting for day light. and in no way am i being sarcastic to the reply because anything is possible. just hoping and praying for the best.
I am not giving up on these people. They are out there and we will find them.
if the plane disintegrated...you would think that there would be some sort of floating debris field
This has turned into a very strange story.
Disintegration in mid-air is highly unlikely...Too many pieces would float, this plane is recognizable at the bottom of the Ocean.
Vietnamese authorities and Malaysian experts are on the job.........oh my God....
If an official report contains the word "may" in the title, it is not official.
Terrible deal all the way around!! That said, even if it did disintegrate there is still going to be a debris field of flotsam!!!
jet may have disintegrated in mid-air = directed energy weapon
Note to the Malaysian Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi: NO #$%$ SHERLOCK!!! I would suggest you get your fat lazy useless self away from the cameras and start having your police force arrest these border officials before they suddenly "disappear" without a trace!!
this is a political or corporate assassination. this was not wholesale terrorism. this aircraft was probably bombed by remote or gps do explode over the farthest point over sea between malaysia and vietnam.
"The two men with false passports purchased their tickets together". Long odds of that being a coincidence.
I smell a dead fish in this one. Too many lose ends.
If there is no debris field, it went into the water intact.
that proof those foreign airport have no security, they let asian looking people with name like levy go thru gate. lousy airport security .
Wonder if the "great religion of peace" has anything to do with this.
Alien Abduction ,, after all they are the reason we are here and we are a colony for study by them ,,
The One World Government has decided the American People do not need to know what is going on,this includes Your president and his whole cabinet.Maylasia Airlines is suppling a plane to transport all the family member to Kuala Lumpur and is providing all accomodations and grief counseling.All arrangements.Your current white house is calling all the shots and Our 2nd Amendment rights are now violated.Our reporters are Not doing their jobs!!!
This is why countries like Japan do not allow muslims to settle there. They are just smart, that's all.
Disintegrate? Stolen passports? IF ...this flight was "intentionally disintegrated ...WHAT religion do you think was behind it????
Oh wait!!! Pentacostals...those fat ugly women with big gray hair and no makeup!!!
Buddhists.. it could NEVER be muslims
That's it. I'm never flying again. I watched Airport 77 when I was a kid. Scared the bejeebies out of me!!!
the gay media brought the plane down
Sounds like the work of the gaystapo.
Andy and Jason live together in Frisco. They like to xit inwards.
Very interesting speculation. Are you insinuating the captain and first officer had limp wrists on the stick?
Muslims should drive cabs, not fly planes.
LOL! You've never been to NYC?
That's what I was talking about, Mary.
Then you'd know they shouldn't be driving cabs, either.
Somehow this is George Bush's fault. Miss Maddow will somehow find a way to tie it to him.
did anybody ever think about UFO's
Not since Shankar left the band.
Anyone selling lots of MAS stock today?
No matter what, the less muslims, the better!
Boeing hopes it's terrorism. If not, they're in deep schitt.
The reason the plane has yet to be found is that everyone is getting their story's straight.
no one knows? With the sky heavy with satellites, drones, weather cameras, radars, somebody is lying somewhere...or are those billions of dollars merely waste?
Was the plane hijacked by the Anunaki? Or some similar stuff? Soon the Youtube will be full of theories, if not already.
every notice how every liberal uses the word "unprecedented" to dumb down a situation? they really believe it makes them look smart, just ask one....anyone with a brain knows exactly what happened...
Dont forget 9 11 there are satellites that can spot postage stamp from space who is mr ali? perhaps the plane crash landed in country west of malasia
it seems the plane safely landed somewhere and all on board were vanished with no trace.
These people botched security ...Now botching the investigation .
Oh, so every plastic foam on plane was shredded so small, they no longer float on water ?
So .... the government believes it was space alien then ?
The point is: if you really do not have a clue what happened to the plane, why and how should you rule out anything--including a possible attack?
They haven't ruled it out, they are just saying there's no evidence at this point that suggests terrorism. Just because a plane disappears doesn't mean terrorists were involved. People on a plane with fake passports doesn't make them terrorists, in fact more people use fake passports to illegally immigrate than anything else.
I think someone needs to question Desmond Hume.
Somehow, I don't think the black guy flying on a stolen European passport for a white man was going to get through Beijing without being arrested. The Chinese take security more seriously than the Malaysians. Likely, he knew that, so what was he up to????
Chinese authorities never would have even seen his passport, he would have landed and remained in the transit area for his connecting flight. Obviously a black guy using a white guy's passport the photo was swapped out.
What travel plans or rental cars were booked for the people with the stolen passports if nothing we know that had planned on not arriving
They were destined for the EU via Beijing! They did not appear to have China visas or onward tickets!
They will be scrapping the search.
There is "no evidence" to suggest an attack...really...so there is also "no evidence' to NOT suggest an attack...
Idiot - trying to prove a negative is a moronic argument tactic. Only morons and weasels stoop to that.
"An Interpol spokeswoman said a check of all documents used to board the plane had revealed more "suspect passports", which were being investigated." THIS IS ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW...
I thought China said it has FULL CONTROL of the "South China Sea" ... GUESS NOT!
How far could they get in an hour ?
who was the american kids flying with they are to young to fly by them self's
This seems very much to be "Twilight Zone" .....planes simply don't "disappear" without a trace.
I can think of a dozen in the past 20 years... 2 of them with friends of mine onboard (all military).
Reuters: "We are totally clueless about what happened, but it can't be this!"
Don't black boxes today have a device that enables them to give off "pings" when submerged underwater?
Yes but the water can weaken the signal although it will still be there you just have to be closer to find it
The underwater beacon in the accident data recorder has a range of 3km (~1.8 miles) so they will need to be close to detect it.
Sober up yourself Hana...before lecturing others. If I only have one cell left, then I am grateful because it is more than what you have.
Is Hana obsessed or in love with me? Seems I have my very own bigoted stalker online...LOL!!
And . . . people wonder why I am a white knuckle flyer. The very thought of falling from great heights scares the you know what out of me.
I'm typically not afraid on U.S. airlines at all but I'd be a white knuckle flier in countries I know are sub-standard.
Nancy: What I have are close to panic attacks. And . . . given the choice . . . I would keep both feet planted on the ground.
Time to open up the X-Files or bring the Fringe Division. Why is it that people are not mentioning extra-terrestial factors for the disappearance?
time to have a chat with "Mr. Ali" - he paid cash for these individuals to use stolen passports on this flight? might not be related but easier than finding a missing plane
My pool has an oil slick...I wonder...
So the EU or the media hasn't found a way to blame this on Putin or Bush?????
Just wait, someone will blame the Jews.
i can safely say that its time to bring out the conspiracy theorists.
They are already reaching fever pitch.
The TV show Lost started the same way.
Guess they caught the local wormhole express to the Bermuda Triangle
Do a simulator fly, with a wing-tip sheared off, and see if this corresponds to the trajectory after last contact!!
I am tellin' ya all that gott damned Bermuda Triangle done expanded is what happen yoh.
I think they wert through a time warp or are now in a parallel universe
Over Macho Grande. No, I'll never get over Macho Grande.
The longer they keep up this "mystery" angle, the more I am convince that a state player is involved, namely, CHINA
Does Putin have a pilots license?
Meanwhile, in other news that's of little future concern to everybody else on the planet, officials at the Fukushima nuclear power plant ...
Was the inflight movie by any chance a Woody Allen film?
my thoughts on the disappearance of Boeing777 is wh0 ever was finally navigating plane 1. they took all passengers captive 2. to some secret place or drowned them.3..... well changed my views here. no cell phone calls were made....4.the plan is to big and noticeable ..5,... ,,,,than again a suicide mission as something or someone on the plane needed to be gotten ride of and the terrorists killed everyone including self.7. The plane maybe hidden somewhere and all are still prisoners-several options, cathy g
only one other possible answer. ALIENS
Chuck Norris can cut through a knife with hot butter...
I heard on local news the two with stolen passports "appeared Middle Eastern." That translates to they were rag-heads who took the plane down. Triple 7s don't vanish into thin air.
yes, im sure you know all about it
And terrorists don't like anonymity. If it was terrorism, someone would have taken credit for it by now.
Dateline is already preparing a show about "The Mystery of Flight 370".
The first thing you should of asked for did the plane take off show photo.
A jet full of people and baggage doesn't just vanish. It either crashed or was hijacked. I'm starting to believe the latter because there were no distress calls.
mechanical problem or pilot error.....there would have been time for a radio call AND the plane would have stayed on radar.....NOT JUST DISAPPEARED off the screen
Worm holes can lead to anywhere
Seriously; in the 1890's a Tennessee farmer walked into his field and simply disappeared! This was witnessed by his wife and son. For days, they could hear him calling to them, but he never came back!
OH this is grand. The news said 'it is shrouded in mystery." lol..............really? In this day and age of technology and Air Traffic control and GPS navigation which allows Drones to fly the skies and target people.........they have no clue and this is a mystery? I call BS. That is unless your ready for the next movie. The "Shroud of Boeing 777-200ER"
Who stole the jet and what do they want it for.....A 777 goes in the water and no debris? sorta makes you wonder...
the malaysian prime minister needs to apologize to the chinese or china will stop issuing visas to malaysians and blacklist malaysia as a chinese tourist destination.
I guess the seat cushion you can use as a floatation device....REALLY DOESNT FLOAT!
I am skeptical, but I think it is terrorism, too much weirdness surrounds the two passengers with stolen visas
can someone tell those bozos at Boeing and Airbus to forget the "black box" (orange in color) and install GPS and SAT telemetry systems?
Yes sir! I will inform them to ditch the black box immediately, and replace them all with garmin navigators. That way the plane will never get lost whenever it is looking for the nearest chinese restaurant.
Obama's Response Was Darn I Think I Was about to Receive another Nobel Prize For Stopping Russia's Invasion of England
He would have to have done it while golfing with his entourage in Florida. True story.
Really? Is this a time to be political??
What does your president have to do with this?
I will assume they are using sonar to see if the plane is on the sea floor.
well i'll be,fox is already blaming obama for it,whoops
May be we are negotiating with terrorist right now.
Right wing left wing takes both to fly: no middle of the road anymore. Ha Ha.
could be an alien abduction, that has happened many times before. steven hawking tried to warn us..
And look what he got for it. They're slowly turning HIM into an alien. Watch out for that dude. He's probably on their side by now.
FoxNews says it's somehow tied in to Benghazi.
FoxNews also said N. lgma is a certified moron.
Of course it is. An anti-Muslim video caused it. Just ask B.O., Hillarity, and Susan Rice.
An anti-muzzie film on the in-flight movie.
As there appears to be little or no evidence how do " they " know it wasn't attacked? Too early to tell anything yet ?
Too many theories and SMEs; where is the plane?
Is this the same plane that had the wing tip taken off by a passing plane, on the ground a few years ago?
This is fishy, and i don't like it.
5 WORDS: IT FLEW INTO A PORTAL. EVERYONE IS SAFE!! THANKS FOR READING -MANAGEMENT
Has anyone done a Google search yet?
what would you need to shoot down a plane flying at 35,000 feet?
Any ground to air missile, or......................another aircraft.
ground to air with guidance system. or a military aircraft capable of firing a missle. so if it was shot down, it could have only been done by military. not some guy with shoulder mount Stinger.
The new Asian Bermuda Triangle !
may be the plane has been snatched by out of space aliens
they might want to shoot a text to heaven
google earth isnt a bad idea if they can pinpoint the google images for that time
why book a flight from kuala lumpur to europe in thailand? did this flight originate in thailand? if it did, i'm sure there are less circuitous routes from thailand to europe
Kuala Lumpur is a regional airline hub. KL is only about an hour from Bangkok (flying time), so not as far out of the way as you might think. Would be the same, as say, flying from Portland to SanFran to catch a trans-pacific flight. A not-uncommon route - and may have been a situation where you can get some decent savings on the route.
i know kuala lumpur is near bangkok but bangkok is an even bigger regional and international hub ... it turns out the pair had friends in kuala lumpur so that probably explains it
You're right, Jesse, that's it. By the way, doesn't your diaper need changing?
When I go to bed tonight, I will go into my out of body search and find it...oh wait, there is no reward yet.
May be aircraft is sill at KLIA! It has never taken off! Double check the hangars!
it was on radar when it disappear dummy
It's looking more and more like 'Lost' all the time.
I do not understand the "may have turned back". You either have evidence that it did or you have evidence that it did not. ???
Were the stolen passports used for any other flights before this one?
theyre here.was it the greys or the reptilians
So spy satellite did not see any explosions...explosive decompression wouldn't have a heat flare....
I like the name of the person requesting for the travel arrangements: Mr. Ali
so they claim the sats showed no explosion ok then how about the last image of the plane then if its true sats are always looking down otherwise you just bs'en about those sats
Mobie phone locater as black boxes?
Is it possible that the plane was highjacked and landed back in Malaysia.
only one other possible answer. ALIENS
it flew through a time warp and landed safely in an alternate universe....or...the muslim religion of love and peace sent us another love tap...you decide
If we lost a plain in Chinese airspace we would have gotten it back. At least Bush was patient with the pragmatic Chinese. Obama let's Iran have a new Drone. Clinton sold the Chinese those super computers.
SPECTRE hijacked it and is selling it on Craigslist for... one million dollars!!!
The fact that they have not found Debris means they are looking in the wrong place. When planes "Distintegrate" they don't turn to dust. Just break into many pieces that can be found. Give it a few more days. Or start looking closer to China
Also, a lot of airliner stuff floats.
Sorry, but this is scary...in this world of technology...we cant find a huge jumbo jet?
Stolen passports, no distress signal, not going up or down--- Duh!! Terrorism
When did "terrorist's" get vaporizing tech? Last time I heard state of the art was pressure cookers filled with nuts & bolts.
We know this much ... the damn thing aint flying anymore, it can only stay airbourne for so long.
Aliens took it with a shrouded tractor beam!!!!!
Well with all the muslims on board, something probably blew up.
no evidence of attack you idiot there is no evidence period
can't be ruled out yet either idiot
Alien abduction? I bet the "Ancient Aliens" program on History Channel is preparing for an episode...
If the plane "disintegrated", they better find out what did it before we have planes "disintegrating" all over the place. All flights should be canceled affective immediately.
Your life should be terminated "affective" immediately for being a moron.
@Barry - that's Yahoo's spell check for you. I typed effective.
Let us not discount the possibility of aliens/UFOs.
i can't wait for fox news to blame this one on obama
I can't wait for you Libs do blame this on Bush.
With all the technology you mean there is no way track something part of the plane,GPS,black box etc
Very sad.... 239 souls on board all of whom saw their lives cut short. The diameter of such an occurrence exceeds that of the "hole" where these bodies are buried. It reaches far beyond the victims... They were someone's children, sisters, brothers, mothers, fathers.... and friends....My prayers are with all the thousands of people who have lost someone in this horrible accident.
Only two possible explinations: Alien abduction using a black hole wormhole or the two african muslims flying on stolen passports paid for by iranians blew it up. Hint: it's not the first
If hijacked...wouldn't someone have tried to use their cell to get a message out?.......Did the perps take away all cell phones before hijacking ? Was this a trial run or part of a larger plan? Could the plane be out their somewhere refueling and preparing to come back to finish its initial mission? Co-pilot very junior pilot.. who are these pilots?.... one had a flight simulator built into his house......? Until debris is found, it is hard to believe it exploded......maybe a nose dive into the sea?......Crazy stuff !
THE BLOOD OF JESUS IS AGAINST YOU SATAN. GOD HAVE MERCY ON THESE DEAR PEOPLE IN THE NAME OF JESUS CHRIST OF NAZARETH.
i think its all a hoax put on by ABC T.V. to promote the new season premier of LOST II !!
Something really fishy here........... spy satellites should have close up photos of the plane at all times; radar should be indicating where it flew to; and where it is now is being kept secret, but I smell Islam nearby.
With close up photos of it taken off see none.
US Satellite coverage...thorough...OK, then why doesn't it show exactly what happened to the plane?
If the doomed passengers didn't go through the wormhole in space, the langoliers or the Megashark probably got them otherwise US and other countries satelites would have pick up the explosion signature, not to forget the GPS signal of the blackbox.
langoliers are bad news if you in a exit aisle
So far there isn't any concrete proof that the plane even crashed......no debris....no signals from transponders...only speculation and theories. There is still the chance it is sitting on the ground somewhere with every one safe.
So where is Mr. Ali? Pull him out to get those 2 guys info....
Yeah they were not going to bomb that plane they were going to transfer to western airlines and bomb them. Bombwent off early by accident. Just a theory.
So these two guys have carried a bomb onto the Malaysia liner, past security, and will now remove this bomb from the plane, carry it to the second terminal,and then try to bring it aboard another aircraft in Europe? You nuts?
Why to another terminal. They already cleared customs in Malaysia. They land in an International terminal in China simply transfer to another flight to Europe or the US without have to clear customs again.
if the plane would have blew up wouldn't there have been lots of pieces of the plane floating around near where it was said to be lost?
this whole thing is a lie
Question - in your mind, is there anything on the news that isn't a lie?
They can't even find parts or clothing floating around. What about luggage?
Not one photo of the airplane taken off.
Wonder if anyone in Authority has thought to call in James Cameron I think he is by now, known as "The Best" for finding things at the bottom of the oceans and seas He just seems to have a knack for it & The Equipment ! (they should pay him generously)
i can say the buffet has been closed for a few days
It's actually in orbit as we speak....
They said it was making 180 degree turn and start heading some where else? Maybe ended up in the wrong airspace and was shot down?
But what airspace would that be?
Dunno, but it has happened before Russia shot down a Airline by mistake cuz it was off course, US has shot down an Iranian Airliner before.
I'm looking at you g$d,how could you allow this to happen?
Chalk it up as Flight 19, 2014.
Isn't that what Clinton said about the Jet that went down here? I smell a cover up.
an Iranian business contact known as "Mr.Ali" asked her to book two tickets for the two men who were using passports that were stolen from Thailand "MORE THAN A YEAR APART"... This was planned and was performed by Muslim terrorists...
can someone explain to me why boats need lifeboats as back ups but planes dont need parachutes for everyone?
how are you going to get out of the plane? Some small planes have a parachute that will save the whole plane.
Jeezuz JuanC, have you ever flown in a real airplane, or just the one outside the grocery store you put a quarter in?
Parachutes are big, heavy, not easy to put on, you don't have the time to put one on while the plane is falling down the sky at an angle not meant for walking. You don't have the room either as the seats are narrow and with little room between the rows. The doors are not meant to open in flight. You can ditch them, if you think about it, then you have 200 people rushing while trying to put on their chute, squeezing through a narrow aisle or jumping over other passengers and fighting to get at the door with a big backpack on your back, all that at an angle. By the time the plane hits the ground you will have maybe one person ot two falling with probably badly tightened chutes falling after it. As you can't know at which altitude they jumped you can't have automatic opening. So while falling to their death they have to find where is the handle to open the chute... Need I go on?
pray for the souls on this flight and give strength to their families
I believe the Right Wing was defective and outdated, similar to many other right wings
This is the only reasonable explanation.
i believe the Left Wing was weak and not working, similar to many other left wings
Another Chris Christie vendetta....you see Malaysia Airlines billed him for 2 seats to fly his Big butt to Asia.
he still had to buy a third seat for his ego
He put up all those orange cones at 35,000 feet, and all the air traffic is parked in a big traffic jam six miles high.
Ok already, it's a shame for sure, but get back to us in a year when you have a probable cause..................
In the near future the plane will turn up in a field in England intact and everyone alive and have a great story to tell.I am typing this post while wearing a tin foil hat.
We all 100% for sure, those people are still alive. Please pray for them
If they never find any debris, they didn't want to find any debris.
It has to be located first. The emergency transponders are only active for a short period of time. It is further complicated by depth of water they are in and if they are in any wreckage at that depth. Once in flight and cruising altitude pilots are no longer in constant communication. Radar is all you can go off of where it went down so it seems it went down very quickly either in air or nose dive. It is not a shuttle mission launch just an ordinary flight so it is not tracked with the same type of fever and was out of the ordinary without communication of a problem. You also have to look out how many airlines travel the rout daily and would of been in sight of the aircraft. When the Alaska Airlines jet crashed from mechanical problems 10 years ago in route it was a very rare occurrence as is today, but it was on a well travelled route and in site lines of two other aircrafts.
Gee those chinamen really are crying when their "Han dogs" go into the drink, suck it up! Might as well blame it on the Japanese, PLA usually does.
obama knows where it is but isn't saying because he hasn't read the paper yet.
He does not need to read the paper,but you are right he does know.They found that plane.
"disintegrated at around 35,000 feet", how could they then explain the seemingly preserved linear patch of jet fuel of 6-9 miles?
Boeing aircrafts dont just disappear in the sky, pilot suicide is most likely the reason
Bless their soles. May Allah give them peace.
Allah is fresh out of peace
And they probably would need more than the bottom of their feet blessed anyway...
Why only bless their soles? Bless the whole foot!
The GPS device on the plane must have been made or counterfeited in China
If it did explode in mid air, it'll be debris skatterred all over the surface of the water. Paper, plastic, suitaces, foam, seats..
If I see a Blond with a surname of "Zheng" I ask questions. If I see an Asian with a surname of "Nielsen" I ask questions. Why then, can't border security ask questions?
DO THEY HAVE A BERMUDA TRIANGLE ANYWHERE NEAR WHERE THIS PLANE DISAPPEARED ?
There's a Golden Triangle here, but it's known for other things.
Dragon's Triangle. Off the coast of Japan. North east of area where plane went missing.
Sitting, empty, on the tarmac, somewhere in China!
there has to be more to this than anyone is saying...........planes just don't blow up at that altitude unless there were bombs on the plane. what a terrible tragedy for all those killed and the families they left behind. may everyone rest in peace.
Dumb sheep still blow smoke out of there #$%$.
Are you guys STILL talking about this? Stacy Keibler just got married, the new "Dancing with the Stars" lineup announced, and Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber were spotted having breakfast together! C'mon, people, priorities...
this sounds more and more like a terrorist attack...
no it sounds more and more like the U.S need to blame Terrorist AKA Muslims for everything bad in the world
If it quakes like a duck...
No mayday from the pilot? Lack of airport security? Stolen passports? Muslims on board? Bye Bye!
Alians..??? im just saying it, everyone is thinkin it!!!!
Why do bad things happen to good people?
Maybe everyone on the plane was evil ... Probably not though.
Yeah I know, but evil is different.
leaving on a jet plane, don't know when ill be home again
So the travel agent doesn't even know the purchaser's name?...Just an alias!....Yet somehow she knows his nationality?.....How does she know the nationality of a man she has never met, except over the phone? ....She has no idea who he is, other than his own words on the other end of a phone line.....But she does know that he is not a terrorist?
1.Malaysia is largely a Muslim country 2. Flight going to China 3. Uighurs (Muslim) conflict with the Chinese Hopefully this isn't a possibility.
Is it just me or does this whole thing kind of sound like the start of Lost?
The PC BS in americant would NEVER profile. keep up the delusional optimism and the illusion of "safety"
that would have left a huge trail of pieces and seat cushions
you cant destroy matter,you can only change it,there would be visible pieces.
don't the black box give off a radio signal. and they can with-stand a crash
My question is were the boxes designed to send a signal strong enough to penetrate deep ocean water? If yes they should have been able to pick up a signal by now. I know subs communicate from over 1,000 feet down to satellites above.
why don't they use satellite images/video to see what happen to the plane. follow the plane on takeoff an watch to see when it disappeared.
"disintegrated … (by way of) mechanical issues". say what? this theory must have some reasoning behind it. feel free to share.
I think there was an explosion
This is just ridiculous. There must be something than can be seen that this plane went down. If you can't bring my loved one back to me, then please, give me a reasonable explanation. You might as well say that they were abducted by aliens.
What kind of terrorists choose their target solely because it was the "cheapest tickets"?
Okay. But if they were so poor, then why pay for tickets all the way to Europe, when they knew they wouldn't be around to make the connection?
If they could afford to pay extra "to not look suspicious", then they could have afforded to have some choice of targets.
You just don't get it. ANY plane with 239 people on board is a "choice" target.
No distress call. No sign of explosion from spy satellites. No evidence of wreckage. No claims by terrorist groups... Could this be an abduction?
Obama was golfing count him out
Willing to bet some angry lala snackbar was on the plane and spontaneously combusted, like most muslims.
Chinese face with a Euro name can not cause alarm in the US as there is a law against it isn't there? Racial profiling it's called. But we can strip grandma or a 4 year old no problem.
"Speculation and theories" on what happened via the media, I'm sure (NOT) is comforting the families & relatives. Stop it!
Really? The 2 thumbs down must be from those who have ZERO FEELINGS. I hope you sleep well tonight. S=====C====UM s===u==cki=====ng PIGS
Anyone remember the TV show Lost?
Or the Stephen King movie 'Langoliers'!!
Boeing products don't just fall apart in mid-air. Moslem savages could very well be involved.
The Chinese have been experimenting with beam weapons that can vaporize an aircraft........maybe they tested it out. And with Chinese aboard it would deflect suspicion away from them.
whatever, alex jones. go eat another triple cheeseburger
US already has a working model deployed on a Navy Destroyer. Where have you been?
I don't by that Challenger was at 48,000 feet when it blew and it was travelling a hell of a lot faster than the 777 was at 35,000 feet and they found huge pieces of that
For gosh sakes, you don't even trust your own eyes? Watch the tape you grape head!!!!
Maybe you misread my post Or I worded it poorly. I don't buy the disintegrated at 35,000 feet theory when taking into consideration what happened to the challenger at 48,000 feet and at a much greater speed
No. I've heard of it and would like to see it though
Funny, I was thinking the same thing. Of course it's totally absurd, but what else can you conclude at this point?
Outer space would be good for you two! Without oxygen!
Yes, ET took the plane & its passengers to a foreign planet.
sounds like the exact same damage that would be caused by it being shot down with a missile
BOTTOM LINE>>YOU FLY WITH A MUSLIM.....YOU BETTER HAVE YOUR CASKET READY!
The great powers should all unite and destroy this Muslim trash.
that's what hitler said about the jews people like you are the real trash.
Ever heard of 'Golden earring - Twilight zone' song? Yep! That's what happened in this case. watch?v=a1sf2CzEq0w
"She told the newspaper she did not think Mr Ali, who paid her in cash and booked tickets with her regularly, was linked to terrorism." Seriously?!
Aliens did it, any other questions
i hope this will make asians more nice when we order there food in a country where we accept and will not blow up there plane..not all asian or chinese rest. are bad but my local one is they are #$%$ jerks.
Well 'apple' WHY DON'T YOU AK em .
well ralph why don't you shoot your eye out with a bb gun
I have a theory they were in an Island..... possible LOST 2 TV series.
that is a better theory than "disintegrated."
Who the F--- cares about some stupid TV reality show....200+ lives were lost here.
the mystery to me is why is the media so protective of the terrorist, they could care less about the privacy of anyone else.
Jimmy Hoffa knows where it is.
it may have crashed, WAIT! it may have disintigrated, WAIT! it may have been brought back to the airport, WAIT! it may have been hijacked, WAIT!... so what youre telling us, is you have no fuqing idea where a 700 ton chunk of metal went
A bomb goes off at 35 angels (35,000') inside a fairly delicate 209' tube that is a compromise of strength and weight travelling at 639.5 miles per hour, what do think is going to happen to it? BTW, the MAXIMUM weight is 242.5 tons (which is not what it weighed), not 700 tons. Think of a fourth of July fireworks display... relatively speaking the pieces will be quite small, and when they land on the surface of the water will either be spread in the currents or sink to the bottom. This took place at a spot on the sea whose smallest girth from shore to shore was 243.24 miles, with the crash location 100.22 miles from the Malaysian shore.
okay, great, so with all those statistics, we still arrive at the same conclusion, "where the fuq did it go?"
Thank God for people like Richard, who rescue us when our facts aren't 100% correct. I bet he's a blast at parties!
KL security is a joke I have been thru it many times , go thru it get clearance to board a plane then go outside to smoke or whatever and return to gate with no additional checks its a wonder many more planes haven't dissappeared
Italian and Austrian passports , but with Asian faces------THATS why profiling has to be acceptable!! Get with the program,bleeding hearts!
same script writers that wrote the Tale of Bengahzi
maybe ban a certain group from flying?? After all they like to live in stone age. stick to camels.
Let hope for the better cos there s miracle but watz sadden me is the presence of two stolen passport n the unanswered phone
More lame news that there is NO new news... Two days without anything new, and yet Yahoo has put out 12 "news" stories...
ABC studios is already casting for the mini-series!
Maybe it got locked in auto-pilot and is circling the globe.
in a way I hope it was hijacked & landed somewhere,, keeps hope alive for a safe return of some or all passengers
You have to start looking at the flight crew now. The pilot and co-pilot were arabs. just sayin...
George W did it! It is all his fault
Could the plane have been hijacked to another country? Just sayin.
It is not going to go over very well with the public if there was a bomb on the plane or that if was hijacked. Maybe they will want to keep it quite if that is what happened.
Very disturbing quote from the article; "We have stopped men with false or stolen passports and carrying explosives, who have tried to get past KLIA (airport) security and get on to a plane," ....and why wasn't that on the news???? Perhaps to keep the danger of flying in Asia on the down low.
I just read they had the oil from the oil slicks tested and its not from that plane.
So no debris, no oil, nothing. It's puzzling
Check radiation levels downwind for micro nuke, that is the only weapon that can shred a whole airliner,
still, why hasn't any government asked or confronted china about it...maybe they shot it down thinking someones military was entering their newly supposed illegal airspace...sounds fishy that china isn't talking about it....hmmm
but if they shot it, where is the wreckage??
"unprecedented mystery" what a load of BS.
No debris for three days, no ping from either "black box" in my opinion this plane was hijacked and has landed somewhere safely.
To lose a large plane and that many passengers this day and age seems almost impossible.
Maybe the "Bermuda Triangle' moved !!!!
Alien SPACE SHIP ! ...in a different Warp !
Not a single piece found BS a plane does not just vaporize into nothing ?
A floating cable-cover, gathers no moss! It's probably sea grass!!
China Sea, water in that region not that deep. Why can't sonar find missing plane?
At the end of this episode. Scooby do and the gang will show who the real culprit is....Ho Li #$%$.....disgruntled baggage handler at the Kuala Lumpur Airport. He did it because of all the rude pilots and crew always ordering him around and laughing at him....
Russia seems to be trying to increase there sphere.
what kind of terrorists blow up a plane with innocent people? MUSLIMS! but it won't change anything. what a loss of life for NOTHING.
Or "God". If it broke up from metal fatigue or other major failure - who do you blame then morphy?
For the sake of those on this plane I hope it was quick!
U.S. spy satellites have footage of whatever happened. They have already acknowledged that they have "thorough" coverage of the area and no mid air collision was seen. Freeeeeekin Obama!!! +^^%^++*{]
Do they suspect the plane is definitely destroyed since they can't get a ping ?
ln JuIy 1988, the United States Navy missiIe cruiser USS Vincennes shot down an lran Air flight, kiIIing all 290 passengers and crew.
somebody shot it down, not sure who.
Oh well, sh.t happens. Especially during a war and Iran is threatening our Naval ships.
the plane was full of old dead ppl anyway.
This event is close resemble what the shooting down of korean jet liner off sakhalin island by russian jet.
Why would a plane on Auto Pilot Turn off Course ?
Gotta be global warming or the Koch brothers or bush
Could they have hijacked it and landed somewhere without being noticed?
Unlikely. It would still would have been showing on radar, at least until it could get to such a low altitude that it was below the radar (and such a descent would have been noticed). Upon descending to a level where it is below radar, it would be easily seen from the ground; that area of ocean is fairly busy with maritime traffic (commercial vessels, fishing boats and naval patrols), so it almost certainly would have been seen (and given the attention on this situation, would have been reported). It also would require a fair size runway to land the plane; a 777 cannot be landed on some little jungle landing strip. In addition, it would again be easily seen from the ground as it flew in low and then came in for a landing; it is likely that someone on the ground would have reported seeing an unusual aircraft landing at an airstrip which does not typically have airliners landing.
Hey screaming lord, wrong! ever hear of the vietnam war? yea, massive infrastructure put in by usa,plenty of runways,etc. It is my understanding once the transponder is unplugged,their off radar. My theory they stole the plane stil is alive. These areas are rampid with gamg criminal troops,thats the government over there. Eyes wide shut my boy,eyes wide shut. That plane has a lot of value to it as well as the passengers, hopefully a ground search will find them,if malaysa airlines and the local crooks can tell the truth. God help these people! Keep the faith.
"It is my understanding once the transponder is unplugged,their off radar." However, your understanding is completely incorrect. Turning off the transponder ONLY results in the identifying information about the plane not being transmitted. The plane, however, would still appear on radar...there just would be no identifying information appearing next to its radar blip. If it were so easy to disappear from radar, why would militaries the world over spend a great deal of time...and even greater amounts of money, trying to develop stealth aircraft that don't appear on radar...when apparently simple civilian airliners can do it by simply throwing a switch to turn off their transponders???
I wish one of the many muslims that are constantly visiting the White House would be on a suicide mission
Muslims normally target their enemies. They realize that the guy in the White House is their friend, so the White House is safe.
"Mr. Ali".....from IRAN......booked BOTH persons w/STOLEN passports........paid w/CASH.......'nuff said.
Time to offer a big reward where the plane is and expand the ground search,they stole the plane. Satellite parts fall from the sky are are seen and found. Sorry guys, not getting away with total disentegration theory,find the plane!
Oh, I forgot,then some guy named ali babba buys tickets from a discount travel agent, "dont see the logic in how these crazys think"anyway,malaysa airlines says they followed security protocol,when authorities confirms these peoples passports were never checked for stolen, so malaysa airlines is lying. Well, so much for my rock and roll trip to bangcock,dont like the idea of 3rd world security anymore.
It landed in Passu Keah island.
I would hope the preflight check would catch anything that would cause a plane to disintigrate in midair.
Will be a great mystery for eons......NO DEBRIS folks!!!!?
No crashes-no terrorist--They took them--the greys!
guys, google "MH370 A phone call to a passenger was connected but nobody answered"
Hmmmm, they could check with the cell providers to see if the phones are actually connected.
we all have our ideas at what may have happened but no one knows anything right now, and there is a time difference so when we get their news it might not be new news at what has happened...God rest their souls as all knows that they are all dead at this point..
Now they need to find Mr. Ali, who has contacts with the two with stolen passports.
Putin orchestrated this so people will forget about Ukraine
I worked at the Cap when the Shuttle blew and I can tell you that it blew over 9 miles up and items washed up on shore for weeks. If the plane blew up, then there would by objects all over the place.
Yes I was wondering about the shuttle
The jet "may have" done a lot of things.
Theyve crossed to a diffrent dimension.
you dumb enough to fly take what you et
Vanish? Did it fly into the bermuda triangle?
Or into any vortex at that.
It's pretty obvious Jacob thought they were all canidates
Sounds like a bunch of BS to me. Terrorism was the cause here, no doubt. The BB's will tell what happened...
This plane crashed somewhere else folks. What does "may" have turned around mean? Did it or didn't it?
Why don't they retrieve what they think is door from the plane?
I heard on Bloomberg that they may have found it.
They just said that parts may have been found.
Let me tell you something it is possible to take control of this plane from the ground and land it of fly it into the world trade center if it was still there….This is why Putin had this system removed from his planes made here after 911.
Plus they can spray camel buckscent into garages and remotely lure camelhumping muslims like Coco in. At least Coco's blind Sheik had an excuse. "mmm I smell male camel butt and he's a virgin. Let's go this a way!" - Blind Sheik on 2/26 the first time Coco and his Muslim camelhumpers were "FRAMED"
Great security by the Islamic Republic of Malaysia
Those two stolen passport were stolen by aliens and they disguised themselves as humans and abducted the plane and the passengers....
L O S T Part 2
has anyone looked on the islands close by??? After all they think the plane turned around.
Sounds like this would make a great X-Files episode
Think about the last place you would look. That's where you always find things.
aliens.... or Obama's fault, one of the two
Why does it have to be one or the other? Why can't it be both? Maybe Obama conspired with the aliens to make the plane disappear.
I thought they had found a door? Anyone hear that too? What was it?
I heard that it was not a door, just garbage.
I'm thinking "LOST". That plane turned around, too.
This plane either: 1,broke apart in mid air. 2,terrorist blew it up. 3.some country shot it down. remember in the 1980's when China shot down one of our airliners.
Aliens from another world beamed it up....doing research on how to take over earth.
Did They check every small Island tiny Island around?
maybe the plane is under the water, intact, in one piece like that epic Airport movie from the 70s
"Without A Trace" huh? How did this happen?.....don't know and won't speculate just to be saying something.
Sound to me the Plane Crash. Or Some One. HiJacked the Plaine !!!
Possibly an inside job, pilots are involved preparing for a much bigger attack.the plane was re-routed in favor of the takers.i said possibly be.
No was a cable reel covered in moss oil slick was tested was boat fuel no trace of plane yet
Unless it slammed at high speed directly into a remote, boggy, jungle it is inconceivable that nothing has been found floating
This is very strange?! 3 days and no sign of any piece of this plane?? can someone kick me to make sure I am not dreaming here?
I think not, where are all the little bits that float?
Has any group "claimed" this as an attack of any kind?....just curious?
They had to fly under radar and had seven hours worth of fuel they could have gotten only so far we should be looking on land too in every seven hour radius suicide is my guess or alien abduction
My theory=suicide by pilot. One pilot took out the other, flew the plane off course and ditched it in a area nobody is currently looking.
Why no black box signal ?
If this is the work of terroists...... I would venture to say that they themselves would be sad that they can't even come forward at this time as no plane can be found. Alien Abduction... YES!
If the plane's transponder was shut off would it still be trackable?
It was not the 2 muslim guys with stolen passports. We blame it on an inflight VIDEO…. – Susan Rice being sent out by Oblamer again
If you order before 6 pm you can get a two topping extra large for the price of a medium.
Sounds like 2 ObamaNation members are trying to say that Obama's VIDEO won't work this time? And get it to me in 30 minutes, Steve. Who'd have guessed a dumbocrat would have a driver's license and a pizza delivery job. I guess you don't feel "Disenfranchized"?
1 your an idiot no one says they were Muslim...2) You mean Condi Rice by Bush..wmds wmds wmds
Thanks Vince. I'm sure they were 2 INFIDELS who were from Muslim Malaysia, just out to give you guys a bad rep! LOL And does anyone know WHAT this Muslim terrorist defender is trying to say? Condi used her Jedi mind powers to make Clinton invent your so-called “LIE” about your first hero named Hussein? You must be one of those women HATING Muslims? Or a DemoKKKrat who wants to BLAME a black woman for Clinton’s “LIE”?
ah, complete moron posting alert. move on, nothing to read here.
if they haven't found any debris of the missing plane more likely scenario would be hijacking....how much fuel does the plane have and what radius can it reach without refueling???...any remote airport can it reached and land without detection???
i think it was like MoonRaker i think someone stole it...Jumbo jets full of people dont vanish this is not a Cris Angel trick
It had to have been shot down.
It had to have flown into a different dimension.
just to show you how much the world has changed in 40 years we've gone from the thrilla' in manilla to the malaise in malaysia
Maybe the President of Argentina had it stolen......her jetliner is at risk of repossession at any time, she could use a backup if the repo men get her plane.
Don't try and be a comedian at the expense of this tragedy, you side-winder...
Aliens or Jet flown to a secret location??
Whispers... '' We are not alone''.
"Unprecedented Mystery"? Have you ever heard of Amelia Earhardt?
You know...this tragedy wouldn't have happened if Derk Zoolander had assassinated the Malaysian prime minister. ...it's that damned Hansel...he's so hot right now.
The black box is supposed to send signals, even from miles deep in the ocean. That would be even stranger if they never pick up any signals.
strange no debris has been found.
4 8 15 16 23 42
I think MH370 FLY INTO THE BLACK HOLE.
they spoke of 1 American what about the others?
remember when the space shuttle carrying the teacher? did they find any debri then?
cant the Pentagon/NSA, whoever, use satellite imagery etc to check?
They're OK! Jesus told me they're at Knott's Berry Farm.
So not funny...although, I know you think you were probably humorous and cutting edge...NOT!
Was that the baby or adult Jesus
I'm lubricating, Jahn. Are you accepting intromission?
i think the plane was taken by an allien ufos, that has happened in the past. there is no way that they cant not find pieces of the plane or any bodies. the planes and ships have dissappered in the past, and it will happen again.
Do you know that when you get a passport there is an option for you to take in that you do not have to be check with your passport at the airport? This is totally absurd. Why would this option be offered as if you are looking to join a terrorist group you will go ahead and get this type of passport where you won't be questioned?
I think they flew too close to the sun
The United States extensively reviewed imagery taken by American spy satellites for evidence of a mid-air explosion, but saw none, ----SO what did they see ??
GOD ALMIGHTY LET YOUR MERCY SPEAK FOR ME IN THE NAME OF JESUS CHRIST MAKE PEACE IN THE NAME OF JESUS
Hopefully it ended up on an island like what happened to Ajira 316
Could it have went down without breaking up and sunk to the bottom of the ocean?
Yeah but what would be the purpose ?
No, from that height hitting the water would be like hitting a wall of concrete - the plane would burst into hundreds of pieces and bodies would be most likely be floating on the surface. It would be easy to locate from the air.
I was thinking a water landing not a water crash.
If it was hijacked, it still would have remained on radar. If it exploded, there would be floating remains. UFO abduction!!!!!
If it broke up,where is the debris? I think it is alien abduction just like the Burmuda triangle
Maybe the plane was just hijacked, with the radar blocked somehow. It's one hope, at least, that all those people are still alive.
3 days and no shred of evidence of what happened to this plane ......scary
What if they are all living on some island like in the Lord of the Flies
Hodgy lit himself up at 30000 feet and killed innocent people again,thats what really happened
There should still be many items floating. I think it was highjacked.
These planes have lowjack, so how could it have been highjacked?
if it was hijacked it still would have remained on radar. UFO's.
no one has mentioned another option, there were taken by a ginormous ufo for unknown purposes maybe for ET food, or ET rape.
sorry malaysia civil servant (which the airport immigration is) don't know how to read English
I don't think they want us to know what they really think it seems the impossible has happened and they will try to spin this to reduce mass panic
Edward Snowden probably knows what happened to this flight so let's ask him.
The two stolen passports were Jack and Kate trying to get back on the island. Duh.
Islam offers no hope beyond the grave it seems that death is unbearable
I think the whole plane got beamed aboard the mothership.
Yes, you should. And that is not something to take az an insult.
A DEVOUT Muslim CRASHED Egypt Air Flight 990, 31OCT99 (a Boeing 767-300ER)! Deliberate CRASH by 59-year-old Relief First Officer Gameel Al-Batouti (a Muslim). 217 dead. Relief First Officer Al-Batouti chanted a total of NINE times: "Tawkalt ala Allah", which translates to "I rely on (the Muslim) God”, as he CRASHED the jet! NO MORE MUSLIMS FLYING COMMERCIAL AIRPLANES ANYWHERE! EVER!
The crash of Silk Air MI-185 was due to suicide by it's Chinese pilot!
SepticTank...Silk MI-185 didn't have a MUSLIM PILOT, unlike the Malaysian flight in question!! DID it!
2 people with fake passports and the radar shows the plane turned off course. Who wants to bet?
What would be the purpose to turn the plane off course to blow it up ?
Who said anything about blow up? Hi jacking and it went down in a struggle maybe?
I'm guessing because of "plausible deniability" the US can't come forth with the complete video they have of the incident, because, as we know, they have no spy satellites there
Some still find Shangri-La and never return
Reuters, can we get more close-ups of grieving family please?
Duh. What do you think happened to this plane? Morons.
It should have been on Vietnamese radar at point of disappearance! Why no confirmation?
Oh heck yeah-- aircraft at 35,000 which break up and disintegrate do so from mechanical failure. Like an engine failure or hydraulics failure or gear failure etc always cause complete disintegration. omg !
Man it's just AMAZING the number of people on here who post definitive statements on a situation that they can't possibly have any evidence of to back up those statements........this reminds me of a saying...."it's better to be thought an idiot rather than open your mouth and remove all doubt"
Thank god John McCain isn't still flying
"The more you know about the role of Kuala Lumpur in this chain, the more doubtful you are of the chances of a linkage." wow, that's a comforting thought.. Anyway, if it was a terrorist attack, wouldn't they (whoever they are) claimed responsibility by now?
I'm sure they counterfeited the 777 we sold them and just like everything else they make, it fell apart, shocker
too bad your mom couldn't reach you with the hanger when you were still a fetus.
Jeeeesh, AO, very hostile, me likey, you must be round eye impaired, yes
what exactly is round eye impaired you freak show?
A chinamen or anyone who due to poor genetic code cannot fully open their eyes
that's rich coming from a slack-jawed southern inbred...
So you are a chinamen, Bonzai!!!
Bonzai?? that's japanese...you prob meant Banzai..which incidentally is also japanese......with half wits like you running around no wonder we're losing the race to China...
Konishiwa and Moshi Moshi you little chinamen
Once you resort to name calling and anger you've already lost AOson
weather it was terrorist or Pirates or just plane failure somebody going to pay dearly for this act. Or they will say it was pilot Error,witch is the easy way out.
"Unprecedented aviation mystery"? Planes have been disappearing over the so-called Bermuda Triangle for years with no distress signals and never found.
these tragedies happen all too often and mysteriously nobody has no explanation! so there's a snake in the grass somewhere causing these problems.
Say: "no one as an explanation"....NOT "nobody has no", which means everyone has an explanation.
Michael, Let me know when your shift is over. My uniform is pressed and I'm ready for duty.
id head to the mountain from close encounters
blew up at 35,000 feet into tiny undetectable bits...that makes sense too
this is why i don't fly- bad enough my fear is crashing into a large building or mountain now 'disintergrating or disappearing'? scary sad...
Stupid crazy mad bomber Muslims again. Same crazy people that stabbed and cut people with knives in China. How long is the rest of the world going to pt up with this junk?
"da plane, da plane!" - Tattoo
Mystery in the mysterious Al Qaeda Triangle.
Contact George Noory I am sure he can help to locate the missing plane.
good one Wolfy - lend a bit of humor to this f'd up situation.... radical muslims more likely
Two passengers were using stolen passports.... probably something shady going on here.
So if the Airplane was on land wouldn't the black box set off a Ping ?
Vietnam just got the report that many pieces are floating about 60km on the east side of Vung Tau beach. Not sure that is the airplane but soon they will find out about.
It has been reported on CNN that Obama stated since no koons were not on board he can care less !!!
You are a #$%$ idiot, do the world a favor and don't breed. Let the stupidity die with you.
Did I hit a nerve ?
Yes, you hit upon your own racist nerve.
Oh oh, UFOlogists are going to eat this up.
Can any of the passengers cellphones be pinged ?
Probably being fitted with nukes right now. Passengers hostage. Moneypenny get 007.
Someones working at the airport were part of this terrorist group
This plane was stolen. It will be used later in a terror attack.
How it disappear off radar ?
Easy. You fly below it. Ask yourself, why no debris? No satellite pic showing a flash? Why were people allowed on a plane with passports reported stolen a year ago?
How would they lose the signal off the black box and signals the aircraft sends to home base ?
That can be overridden. Transponders can be turned off. They announced recently that the oil slick had nothing to do with an airplane.
This is like a real life episode of Lost....
Five passengers also checked on to flight but did not board plane ??????????????????????????????????????????????????
Islam at work. You can bank on it.
And ignorance at work here as proven by you.
Mike, you're the ignorant one. My guess is that your real name is mohamad. I hope you and your fellow muslims all go to hell.
Please feel like you stole your wife's set of balls and come TRY and send me to hell or anywhere else for that matter. Look at my avatar. I have killed many people a lot braver than you will ever PRAY to become. Your last name must be off, because you are just another pissant #$%$ coward talking from hiding behind an internet connection
Wow, I'm looking at your avatar and I'm REALLY frightened now. Yeah, I'm sure that you've killed a lot of people tough guy!!! What a tool!! Hope the Israelis find you (and a bunch of your brothers) and send a drone your way, mohammad.
If you understand the avatar you will also understand these brothers of mine you mention are also Vietnam Veterans. Best that you are frightened, come after me or my " Brothers " and your free Obama care will not be enough to save your cowardly as. I WISH some sting Jew show up at my door and talk the same #$%$ to are HIDING and posting. They would have to use a drone, otherwise I just send their sorry agents to the same hell I sent so many Viet Cong. Big difference is that I DO respect the VC I fought. I have ZERO respect for the Nazified apartheid state of Assrael You can see my location. STOP hiding up your mommy's #$%$ and come threaten me to my face. PLEASE come send me anywhere. For your ignorant mind, FACT is that Islam does NOT believe NOR ALLOW any of these terrorist activities they are blamed for. NONE. Islam teaches it is a sin to GOD to kill even ONE innocent thing that HE created. What you see are NOT Muslims but terrorists using Islam name. Were David Koresh, Jim Jones or Uni-Bomber TRUE Christians as they CLAIMED to be??? You are to ignorant to even have any courage so I KNOW that your cowardly #$%$ will be staying in hiding as you are doing now.
Hey Mike, go (f)vck yourself. You're an uneducated ignoramus who is barely literate. Go check yourself into a rehab facility because the bad meth that you are ingesting is causing you to start halucinating again. Now you're thinking that you are a Vietnam Vet.
How will 'Ancient Aliens' explain this?
Gotta love illegal immigrants all over the world lol.
PLS HAVE THE AUTHORITY CONCERN WITH THE RESCUE OF THE MALASIA MISSING AIRCRAFT THOUGHT ABOUT THE POSIBILITY OF THE BE PLANE BEEN SWALLOWED UP BY THE BAMUDA TRIANGLE....PLS RESCUER,TRY UR VERY BEST..
Or its been hijacked, who knows where those people are now, but I think our enemies have a jet, & they know how to use it...:/
It disappeared form radar at 35,000 ft. It blew up.
they flew it down below the rader, rader cant pick up planes under 100 feet
Llyod; it DISAPPEARED at 35,000 feet. If it were even partially intact they would have continued to receive a radar return. Sad to say but at the moment they lost contact the people were already dead.
They will find it.........off the beaten path.
Why did plane turn around and no distress call?
I think if they knew that then maybe they could tell us where the plane is. Dont get so hung up on what you read in these reports. The fact is that it could take years to find out what happened here. Anyone who says they knows what happened in the first three days is probably wrong. They are not even sure where the plane is so how can they make assumptions about what happened.
The dissapearance of Amelia Earhart in 1937 was an "unprescedented aviation mystery" too.
Malaysian hospitals have segregated morgues, one for muslims and another for non muslims (kafirs). The kind of things they do to dead kafirs can only be imagined. I just hope its not the malaysians who find the dead bodies.
The article headline says "Plane has disintegrated", yet the article mentions nothing. (W)(T)(F)!!!!!
It's happening as predicted it's the beginning of an Alien invasion
China claim the plane as their own since the Qing Dynasty.
They are probably somewhere in the bering strait..../headed sometime soon for here after they come up from Mexico but they have to board the busses again before ....oh never mind
I'm curious... who exactly is this "they" you conspiracy nutcases are constantly referring to?
Hmm.. I know what happened. You want to know? Just ask and I will tell you. Seriously!!
common-sense.. plane not in water,, plane on land... weather it be intact or not.
It is too early to tell for sure but the facts so far point to 2 sleeping pilots in a steep dive.
no blacks on the airplane..!! very surprising..!! next time a big airplane in it full of black people needs to disintegrate..!! because whenever blacks involved with anything always complains, always problems, always some issues, always rude angry aggressive, always some behavioral or verbal problems, always some crime, and always but always UNHAPPY ENDINGS..!!
Haiti is sending four rafts to help with the search !
The very start of this article .. "T he" (meaning the). It makes you think. I have yet to see an article written by yahoo that does not contain a grammar error, or false information. Gotta love it.
i smell conspiracy theories on the rise
The questions will be answered as soon as you find the left engine.
There was an oil/gas slick wasn't there? Do we know that was from the plane? Do we know there even was a slick or was that a red herring?
2 things will stay good for not finding airplane. if they cant find airplane, there will not be a big never ending law suits against insurance of airline company..!! so insurance company is off hook..!! meanwhile everybody can continue to believe in their ideas without being refuted whatever caused the disappearance of it ...
LOOKS LIKE ANOUGHER INSIDE JOB..HOW DO YOU NOT FIND A CRASH SITE BY NOW ? GOD DOES NOT FORGET ONE SPARROW THAT FALLS TO THE GROUND. AND THE SOUL WAS CREATED TO LAST FOREVER..JESUS THE BISHOP OF ALL SOULS.......GOD BLESS THE PASSINGERS AND THEIR FAMILYS THAT SHOULD HAVE A ANSWER BY NOW.
INSIDE JOB like 9/11. Ho wdo you not find a crashed plane on the building, Pennsylvania and The Pentagon by now?
K......K....OK...KO...KO...COCOCO...HELLOW...GET A CLUE ...SOMEONE DIDNT DO THEIR JOB AGAIN.......PEOPLE TAKE SECURITY LIGHTLY...LOOK AROUND THE WORLD..ALMOST OUR TURN..THEY PROBLY SAFE UNLOADING BUT PLANE BE ON ITS WAY AGAIN I BET IF THEY DONT FIND IT..GET SERIOUS ON SECURITY. AND DO THE JOB RIGHT. NO SHORT CUTS..
Somehow this false flag will get laid at Irans's doorstep
Natives said, "big sky go boom".
if the plane broke apart in mid air and disintegrated theres always a debris field in the ocean, not everything just sinks to the bottom of the ocean. airplanes dont disappear., this landed somewhere.
Blowing up airplanes isn't very nice.
morons in south east asia couldn't track a meteor...much less a plane...probably left off several nuts and bolts last time plane was serviced...(if it ever was)..
The word "may" is but yet another theory. Should have not put that "Official" term as if this is a closed case.
Dude .. you first have to find the plane.
Need to know where to look first.
My initials thoughts were a bomb or it was shot down
I'm thinking it was a N. Korean Missile. They've been a bit rowdy recently.
Big dill u are a geography re(t)ard
radar tracking showed it may have turned back sorry either it did or didnt
"may have disintegrated" . . . Do you think? ! ?
A mystery? Really? How the #$%$ do 200 people go missing? 4 stolen passports? Might have turned around? Well #$%$ me then.
disintegrated? me thinks not... this planet gets creepier by the minute...
That's a speculative stretch Anna; may want to give it some time before going that far....
too bad.. they deserve to be better than that especially Chinese ones need to be made dog or cat food..!!
That would have been "Poetic Justice".
There never was a plane to begin with.
disintegrated? Like an asteroid? It seems to me there would be some debri, unless they mean vaporized into thin air, which seems unlikely to me. Maybe any debri sank?
This story would sure make it hard to catch another outbound plane from Kuala Lumpur wouldn't it.
Malaysian Minister Hamidi is 'still pertrubed'? That's an understatement. Perhaps 'extremely upset' would be more appropriate.
Who was on the plane and what dirt did they have ib obama?
Thats a terrible thing to say.
Any strange sounds in the sky of Kuala Lumpur past months?
Only that funny whistling hiss of the saucers.
They blew that plane to little ittsy bittsy pieces.
may these peoples family find solace for their loss.
looks like most wreckage would float if broke up....Even just the clothes alone.
according to Vietnam, they spotted a life raft, google dailymail life raft MH370
The article says a Vietnamese Navy jet spotted something from a distance that MIGHT be a life-raft, but they weren't close enough to know for sure.
Maybe the plane is just running a bit late.
"We apologize for that 3 day delay folks, and thank you for choosing Malaysia Airlines"
Perhaps; A joint effort from all nations will give the world a chance to breathe and reflect.
This sounds like it could be an episode of the twilight light zone ...................
I hope they catch the pos that did this.
My heart she is broke. You know how you have that prayer till there is no hope. To find that one.
No way ........ all media hype and pure BS.
MIchelle, why do you think that --please tell us. Doesn't the media have other stories it is following and really doesn't need to make up anything? Is it just a sinister plot to deflect your attention from all those FEMA camps and the blue helmeted UN troops who are at this very hour going door to door to take your guns?
Grow-up Mark.....the spin machine was very apparent early on and that was the hype I was referring to.
If the plane went nose first into the sea, I doubt there would be lots of debris or maybe none at all. If the belly of the plane hit the sea, there would be debris all over. Air France 447 hit the ocean with its belly. There was debris and bodies floating on the surface.
come on its 2014 and aircraft's are equipped with unbelievable systems. how can still we didn't find it.
by the way... if it exploded... wouldn't there be a little black box?
This is a publicity stunt for Liam Niesons new movie. Duh!
God bless them all and thier poor family and friends
i do feel much sadness for the families of those lost. i hope the truth emerges.
As sad as this is, nowadays, people can "look Asian" and live any where, like Italy and Australia. I've met Asian people who were from Spain, with Spanish names. Would you red flag someone who "looked Asian" and had a US passport?
#$%$! i hope they all turn up alive somewhere! :/
50 bucks says 2 guys lit their shoebombs at 36,000 feet
If I thought you actually had 50, I'd take you up on it.
two stolen passports? Hijack? Most likely.
Can't wait to hear all of the "creative" conspiracy theories that will be said after
Somethin fishy about this whole thing.
These types of situations are so strange... I wonder where they could be: bottom of the ocean, deserted island w/ no communications, disintegrate, etc..... Who knows? Well, whatever happened, hope we find out and, if they are alive, bring them back.
Search and then pray to God and wait in patience.
So very sad. No happy endings, but I do hope they find out what went wrong and soon.
Warning to tourists in Ho Chi Min... don't gobble the Satay.
It's not lost. It's at the bottom of the Gulf of China.
this reminds me of the show "the event"... plane just disappeared out of the blue. so strange, no one on board made any cell phone calls, or used the phone in front of them to call any loved one, it must've been during time when everyone was sleeping or just something happened so fast that it just crashed so fast that no one could call. so sad... don't think the plane travelled back in time..
"DISINTEGRATED"??? Give me a Fing break. How stupid do they take us for?!!!
Yea it's just #$%$ the stuff the media pus out these days isn't it.
Apa macham with the Malaysian authorities???
Religion must have had something to do with this
lets send john cena after the terrorists he has super powers
this case happen in Indonesia too (Adam Air) see on youtube all passenger never found lost contact and went to sea depth.
I think Kim Jong un fired a missile to Amelica but missed.
Uh, he actually did this on Tuesday and almost hit another Chinese jetliner. The Chinese were ticked and told him to knock it off. What d'you wanna bet he fired another?
They've been sucked into the polar vortex....Hmm, this is in the tropics, my bad.
It may have this, and it may have that.... Give it a rest media and let the investigators do their work AFTER they find the plane first.....
Where's Joe Petroni when you need him.
I wonder if the plane broke apart or disintegrated wound not there be a larger visable debris field
It's a shame satellites didn't instantly zoom in, especially in 2014
It's a shame we can't live stream meager amounts of audio data from black boxes, especially in 2014.
Well, I would rather believe that everyone died instantly, rather than suffered a slow horrible death...Prayers to the victims and the families of this tragedy
My Malaysian magic 8 ball say "today is good day to milk chickens".
I am so sorry for those people... But at the same time am I the only person having flashbacks to the TV show, "Lost"?
Maybe we should ask Edward Snowden and Julian Assange where it is.
by us f ubufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo!
They didn't fly thru the Dragon Triangle did they?
So what are they trying to say? Doesn anybody know the the #$%$ they are saying here?
Somebody better come up with something but fast..This can cause all airliners stock to fall.
Maybe it landed safely but sunk.
That's a good thought. However, they lost satellite contact at 35, 000 feet, so I;m not sure if that can be possible.
3 days later and still could not find debri field?
DISINTEGRATED? Oh, that is OK then. I was afraid the plane got blowed up real good.
eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth
Ask the NSA where it is.
it came from outer space that's all I can say
this garbage hoax just made tsa everywhere
Spy satellites above would have detected an explosion.....that is their purpose, to detect a missile launch so it can be intercepted.
I can't believe nothing is floating around out there, large area or not.
Where was that island in the show Lost?
In the middle of Lake Michigan.
didn't the plane have a homing beacon in case in crash or something?
Plane crashed on land. They are looking in the wrong place....radar shows plane turned around before it disappeared from radar. It may have ditched in the jungle between mountains where it's not easy to spot from the air.
"...MAY have disintegrated" and it's official????!!?!?!?!?!
If the plane broke up they would have found floating debris. If it hit the water then sank they would have found it with sonar. Things might have disintegrated however there would be a field of floating debris. Something is fishy going on here. With all the search Plaines, you would think they would have found them by now.
I see you've never been to sea. It's a very big ocean out there...
That's why we have radar. Barry.
There should be a beacon coming from the force of impact that automatically goes on during a catastrophic event 30 thousand feet above the earth.
But once a plane goes off the radar and into the drink it is much harder to find. It took two years to find the Air France jet that went down in 2009 off of South America.
Get your facts right Barry your way off Two years? it took 6 days your word is dirt. Brazilian Navy sailors recover debris from the missing Air France Flight 447 in the Atlantic Ocean on June 8, 2009. Air France Flight 447 was the last passenger jet to disappear in a deadly and mysterious crash before the Malaysia Airlines tragedy. The Air France plane was en route to Paris from Rio de Janeiro on June 1, 2009, when it hit a heavy thunderstorm and plunged into the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Brazil, carrying all 228 passengers and crew members to their deaths.
People are strange. I give true data regarding the amount of time until they found the air France crash site.How can anybody disagree with the truth and Facts. This is why there are so many low IQ morons following Obama.
Be honest, I'd rather die like this than being kill by the drug cartel and their many method of death.
The planes gone, get over it people. Shi# happens, move on!
We're not even close to getting all the facts on this story. But I'm willing to bet someone is lying - big time. What kind of security do they have on the ground in KL? They let people get on with stolen passports?
they are now reporting that the jet was swallowed up by Rush Limpbaugh's fat a,s,s,...mystery solved
Something seems off with this story...
The author is a chinamen, never trust a chinamen
open your minds people something is off about this whole event!
They found it,families are being brought in.Malasia air is supply plane and all arrangements,including counseling.
Hey, can't pizz off your security supervisor by reporting any suspicious activities as a lowly worker bee, you know. Their egos are very sensitive. CLASSIC!
Is it possible the plane flew in the dark somehow? Maybe all the devices went dead and they went off course and crashed and maybe....just maybe it was hijacked and taking somewhere? It may be foolish to think.......but I am hoping this is the best outcome. That somehow everyone is alive somehow.
it is a hoax and completely staged. they are lying.
Malaysia, don't they almost touch Banda Ache where those Indonesian terrorist muslim converts live?
No you're thinking about the southwest corner of eastern Uzbekistsn
Wow!! It's on CNN right now!!! Barack Obama is claiming responsibility & he's RESIGNING tomorrow!!! Holy Moly!!!!!
You are just a poor LIBERAL PLANT. It must be very sad being you, moron.
Is that the most intelligent thing you could offer here tonight?
You all don't have CNN, do you? Get a job and pay your bills.
I don't have cable. Don't watch TV at all. Who wants to pay for 100 channels and watch only half a dozen?
seriously if you idiots believe this garbage you have to be the most stupid people on the planet.
not one body nor debris and claim it disintegrated? so just like flight 93 huh? just nothing and no body parts no nothing? yeah. thank you for the lies.
oh and i forgot no debris. yeah keep lying.
Common, where have you been. When planes crash now they just vanish without a trace. The NTSB is now just a feel good organization.
I hope you don't get in a car crash anytime soon
Someone assisted these perpetrators, and I am waiting for some hot-headed group like Al-Kaida to take credit. Perhaps Min. Hamidi might have some explanation? This is tragic in many ways.
Oerang medan ship crew found stoned dead, Captain briggs ship found empty ya a lot mysterious thing in this magnet field called earth
Truly sad....Praying for peace and strength for the families and friends affected by this tragedy.
"All go into the Light. All are welcome in the Light. There is Peace in the Light..." "NO! You said to stay OUT of the Light!"
The most active terrorist groups in the Philippines could have done this. They are the Moro Islamic Liberation Front, Moro National Liberation Front, Abu Sayyaf, Rajah Sulaiman Movement and Jemaah Islamiyah.
Hey barry soetora is this a terrorist attack or an attack of terror?
Hey carol why did your mother mate with her own brother ?
Hey carol....are you an angry #$%$ ???
Sen my uncle is not my father, we are above your level nicole I am not angry just wondering what barry thinks, Luke barry soetora is the illegal president of the US whose name in America is hussein obama who just happens to be a citizen of Indonesia even today. Luke a college g p a of 3.7 speaks for itself.
Uigurs don't "look" Austrian or Italian - if they "look" KINDA European, they look like a Eurasian - think Maria Sharapova on the FAR end of the European "looking" spectrum, though she has strong Asian features.
If you believe photo journalists are insensitive creatures----YOU GOT IT RIGHT.
The long/lat where the plane "disappeared" off radar is a good place to start looking for wreckage.
quit with the lies. these idiots cant lie nor act.
Planes like that don’t easily disintegrate on anything but 400mph impact
Tell that to the American guy's parents.
It's sad but no day is guaranteed.You can be on the road with a drunk driver or in the air with an idiot terrorist.Enjoy every day you're alive.Good to be alive.
This is indeed tragic...but the "two passengers using stolen european passports..and were of asian appearance" is nothing new! there are lots of Asians that are americanized, etc...with names like "alex, tom, brad, michael, john"...so what? they should stay true to themselves and use their given ethnic names? a terrorist is a damn terrorist..be it tom, #$%$ or harry!!!!
read the story and then comprehend it
Sending search planes??? Send a ship with a sonar array.
"Official: Malaysian jet may have disintegrated" Nothing new to report the PR rep says???
I'm not saying it was aliens...(but it was aliens)
maybe a terrorist took over the plane.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but wouldn't jet fuel be the first thing to "disintegrate?"
These poor families, this torturous limbo is even worse than knowing. How do you go about your business/carry on your lives not knowing, with your dad, mom, husband, wife, child, breadwinner vanished into thin air.......you don't.
I cant even get past some of these stupid comments...this is horrifying and prayers are with the families.
major cover up and they are full of lies.
I"m going to stick with my original assumption that this was a terrorist attack by the 2 "asian" muslims with stolen passports
I bet someone turned their cell phone on! This is why they always tell you to keep them off during the flight!
@Mandys Mom; They ask that cell phones be turned off, or be placed in "Airplane Mode" because the signal frequencies used are the same or close to the flight electronics. There is the potential to cause the plane to crash at low altitude by altering the flight control electronics. SCSI computer interfaces are especially dangerous, so please respect the request for your safety and everyone else's.
LIke I said, I bet someone turned their cell phone on!
Veryge. Even if the plane exploded, there should have been a lot more debris. Seats are made to float, life j.ackets would have floated and there would be a lot more than just one door in the water
I want to know the name and see the face of that official who said the plane was disintegrated......
Every airplane should be fitted with several floaties with transponders, perhaps?
Too bad the CPAC speakers weren't all on that plane!
Does anyone know if this a government cover-up?
Amazing how in 2014 , with satelliltes GPS onboard cams sensors in every area of the plane puff...........vanished.......My bet is Terrorism and world is afraid to say it.
...any chance it was hijacked midflight and landed somewhere unknown?
it wouldn't disappear off radar if it was hijacked. this is not a stealth aircraft, it can't just hide from radar.
Hey, Niluksi Koswanage and Nguyen Phuong Linh, what exactly is the name of the senior SOURCE involved in preliminary investigations that you're quoting? Or is this ANOTHER media made up story that you guys do not have to prove one way or another?
Crazy question I've been wondering.... Is it possible for this plane to make it to the edge of the atmosphere? I'm picturing a plane being disintegrated by the heat, and what's left to be in outerspace.
Not that kind of plane, in some other incident before the plane could get that high the nose broke off. Then everything just fell back down.
@David, thank you. I've been wondering about it. They can't find it anywhere, this is just bizarre. It's a possibility the could still be alive, crazy.
Who knows this Is just a bizarre incident. If it exploded in air there should of at least been a Debri field or evidence of an explosion ( no evidence of an explosion is just weird). If it dived into water the plane should of easily been noticeable, major parts would have stayed intact. The one plane that goes missing in the world black box can not be found. ( Bizarre) Most planes that just crash in water usually have the most survivors. But with the searches going on, if any they should have been found by now.
Obama brought them to US so the dems would get more votes
He doesn't need to actually BRING them here.
God Bless each Soul on that plane...... Sorry, I don't buy a plane disintegrated in mid air without a single piece found..... Doesn't sound right.....
i wonder how fox news will blame this on the democrats
No . the dumbocrats and their brain dead worshipers are not responsible for this. . they are however responsible for destroying health care, business, the economy. . etc. . etc. . and for turning the united states into mexihole city north with illegal aliens . . and for making this our GAYEST generation by promoting degenerat turd packing scuzzbuckets who ram their peckers into each others poop and then suck them clean. Oh . . and they also are making this country a bunch of do nothingn stoners. Hey samantha you twatwaffle. . how is your and anyone you knows healt insurance rates and coverage these days. . or are you a welfare broad who just wants any free handout?
The democrats are responsible for plenty all by themselves. They don't need Fox news to point out the obvious. No reason to blame this on them too,
i spy with my little eye, 2 butthurt repubbies ;)
Samantha I am neither dumbocrat or retardlican. . . I do tend to be a conservative however and am sick of liberals with no morals destroying the very fabric of this country, society and humanity!
Samantha I think the only thing you ever spy is butch gash on your eye!!
Or maybe on a tiny deserted island near by the destination points
Just disintegrated in mid-flight. Sure. Happens 40-50 times a week.
Chinese authorities want to send Jiaolong submersible.
disintegrated from an explosion, from a bomb, from a terrorist from ????, guess...
HEY...the officials KNOW what happened but cannot release it as yet...they are close on the heels of those behind this attack...give them some space
They say, We know the airplane is down. What if this was taken up to like the Moon by our friends.
The fact is they have a very good idea what happened but are not releasing it.....the 777 is equipped with a land based maintenance recorder that would have reported ANY reason the communications were not operating..... They know and are most likely kicking doors down right now.....
I say the plane was hi jacked...no one has thought of that? Really...wake up people!!
The plane is in the water. The trick is to find it.
Premeditated ground to air missile attack ! Someone important was on board besides those two idiots using stolen passports !
so sad:( I pray that the families get some answers soon.
Haha that Minister doesn't have a clue.
Is there evidence of a static magnetic anomoly..like Amelia air heart?
if they knew the passports were suspicious why did they let them on the plane
Somewhere in a parellel universe there is a jet with a few hundred people looking to land somewhere
This is one reason I don't fly. I know. I know. It's safer than a car. But when I drive a car, I know who the pilot is.
No muslims in the back seat either.
Be on the lookout (BOLO) for Gibreel Farishta and Saladin Chamcha from Salman Rushdie’s – “Satanic Verses”
Oh yes one of my biggest concerns while flying is the possibility of Decentagration
We all know what happened. I guess we will wait for the proud persons to step forward. If the world does not reject this now, we are doomed to be the victims of this endlessly.
There doesn't have to be any fact to what the press jabbers about, only that it "sells". What's new.
Are you saying the plane didn't disappear? Or are you upset that they don't have all the facts regarding this immediately after it happened?
There really isn't any fact. The press has just ignored the fact the plane was in a ground collision and was extensively repaired not very long ago.
Any comment mentioning the two stolen passports are total garbage....!
This looks like a cover up
seriously everyone should know this. i bet you a million bucks, they will just come up one fake debris that has the name and flight number on it. because it's a HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX!
Wow, you mean "they" would go to all that trouble just to pull a hoax on an unknown idiot like Vin-A?
Is there anything in the news that isn't a hoax?
The only hoax here is Vin-a's #$%$ in his husbands #$%$
No question is was a moooslim terrorist and that all onboard will get 70 virgins
Clue number one there is a plane that took off fact Clue number 2 oil from the plane was found? Clue number 3 missing passports.. If we add all three clues.. The variable is where the heck is the plane? How can u misplace a plane?
I am glad your commentators are NOT doing the investigation!!!.
I wave the B.S. flag on the idea that this airliner came apart at 35K feet. if there were an explosion or if it just "Fell apart" inflight, There would be countless items floating in the ocean
Malaysia is a stupid Country..they cant handle this simple situation..probably this is just conspiracy
how much you want to bet terrorist blew this plane up
Maybe it has something with ufo spotted over Ukraine. There is no way a plane that size just vanished.
maybe it crashed in a mysterious island
THIS IS WESTERN SABOTAGE AGAINST CHINESE !
Disintegrated at 35,000 feet?....It typically flies at about 35-40,000 feet...now you are making it sound like it did blow to smithereens in the air!!!....
Why no piece of that dowm plane recover.......coz some body clean up the crime scene
I wonder who was on that plane because something/everything about their conclusions is wrong
Inside job or ALIENS! Take your pick. If the plane blew up yal woulda found sum kinda remains of da plane or sum thing it's 2 damn big 2 not c
This story is a moron magnet
I guess the moral of this story is: don't speak with your mouth full.
plane improbably crashed by hijackers into the jungle canopy
#$%$. If it did disintegrate then how did they find "oil slicks" from the fuel fuselages?
It's that damn Dharma Initiative again. We have to go back Kate...we have to go back.
what are they going to do when they find out the plane was blown up by aliens in ufo's
Nano Thermite or mini nukes,that vaporizes everything,so ive been told...
IDIOTS,..IF it had broken up in the air,..where is the luggage ??...where are the cushions??,..where r the bodies??....This is an idiot trying to be smart
No government wants to fess up...but I'll put my money that a naval missle blunder occurred...somebody misidentified and took that sucker out of the sky....simplest explanation....just wait and see
ever seen the show LOST? just sayin.
They must be looking in the wrong place. 7 hours of fuel, disappears after 1 hour....6 hours to go anywhere.
The plane is built like a tank. There is a big chunk of it somewhere. Did they double check the jungle?
ALIENS. Mulder, its your time to shine, buddy.
That plane was hit by a rocket or a bomb. By whom? Who knows.
Has "the religion of peace." struck again ?
Yes, that's the one. Rainbows, unicorns and happy bubbles.
What if there were a specific target to be eliminated...an assassination per say? A political plot? This sure sounds like a serious coverup effort...none of it adds up.
If it disintegrated in mid air , debris would be all over and most if not all of the fuel would have burned or blown away in the wind not forming fuel slicks on the water .
Stop blame Christians and God, all idiots who don't know what is God and his power, then learn first, before to open your stupid mouth ! God can't stop an idiot do a bad thing, in exchange can help peoples who suffer from that idiot's thing ! This is why we pray for those who suffer now ! And what that idiot did bad, God will judge him at the end ! Everything in life is paid in function of what you do !
Praying crying and god dont help or hurt humanity. 2 are useless and one is not real
Those Boeing triple 7s just disintegrate in mid air all the time.....especially when there are religious extremists with stolen passports involved.
these planes just dont desintagrate, unless you have a major explosion of some sort. every now and then you see an engine fall off the wing and the bird still survives.
There should be live cams on every planes!
Testing dim-wits... one-two-three...'A jet with 4 people with fake passports spontaneously disintegtrated in mid-flight.' Testing... testing... Had this been a real threat, we would not have told you even half of the facts around this story.
so there wasn't any cell phone pings from anyone on the plane before this happened. maybe they should check that out.
This all sounds FISHY....... but .... if there was an oil slick one could test it in a minute to know if it was jet fuel. They are not saying it was that but saying it looked like jet fuel. Yet there was no debris of ANY kind found yet? So then we have nothing of proof that the plane even crashed. Add that up to... the plane is still intact. FISHY is all I can say.
If the plane did a nose dive it could well be lying whole under the water. Should take sonar over the oil slicks
A Chinese missile would cause it to brake up at 35000 feet.
My main concern is for the families of those who were on the plane. May answers come soon for them. My thoughts and prayers are with them all.
This is crazy.. what a mystery.... in 5 years dont be surprised if theres a movie based on this
It did not merely "disintegrate". It exploded.
It's might have been shot down by a missile by a country claiming the china sea because they did not have time to call for mayday.
And what countries might that be?
I wonder what the heck happened? this is very strange.... did they confirm the oil slick was gas?
It did not break up as if it did, there would be a floating debris trail. It sounds like from all they have found that the plane was intact and sank right down after hitting the water leaving oil slicks to float to the top but everything else dropped like a rock. Nightmare.
since when do modern aircraft just disintegrate?
The Meryl Steep movie was playing and it brought down the plane.
Tragically this is going to end up being another 'Lockerbie' IMO.
This has all the symptoms of a Scuzzi #$%$.
where is the NSA when you need them
Too busy watching Americans in the states.
Now why wont this happen to Kim and Kanye's plane... just a thought.. I know, I know !!!
Its puzzling to me that no debris has been found. I know it is a large area but I would expect there to be huge amounts of floating debris. Some of it should have been seen by now and also there is no mention of the black boxes pinging. This is very unusual. It is likely to be terrorism.
This plane had to nosedive into the water. Cells don't work while wet, but where's the "ping" box?
All of you American whack job conspiracy nutballs are proof positive why our country keeps sinking down the list of international academic achievement by country.
but everyones out to get us. Chips in our brains.... the illuminati.... lol, yeah pretty silly stuff.
@ BarryWhite: So Barry, I assume you don't profile? lol. Who is talking conspiracy here? NO ONE. We are all speculating as to the possibility of a bomb that could have created debris for miles that would have sunk into the ocean. It will be interesting to find out actually what happened to this plane.
Barry can't help it he was bullied in school and they stuck his head in bowls of feces one too many times :-)
I will never fly again....I flew all around the world several times and I am done with that part of my life. Sooner or later something bad happens....and the odds stack up against you after a while.
Driving a car is more dangerous you idiot
All that now is reviled is after the facts if it should turn out to be a terrorist attack of some kind , first of all how can people get on board with and buy tickets with a false passport ? On top of that Interpol was aware of this and didn't react and now just play is such a way that they sheck further the other passports . If so they are to held responsible and thats it .
let the conspiracy theories begin...im surprised no one mention aliens yet
people get angry, there will be lotsa meetings, commissions, blue ribbon panels, more talk, three ring bindering, more talk, a few changes. and more of nothing b/c PC runs the show. Not reality.
Who care about the Share going down, we are care about LIFE here, you guys are NUTS concern about Share
Planes do crash, its just auto accidents happen all the time too
your an accident that happened when your mom dated a racoon.
Yes, and when there is an automobile accident, the vehicles just disappear right? Your point is Whaaaaat???
Obama: "This is a "phony" disaster."
An airplane disintegrating above water leaves floating debris !!
it could be an abduction as they are taking more and more of us for gene changing experiements
if it hits the ocean at 700+ miles per hour - most things would sink from going in so fast?
Small debris field with intact impact. Several mile debris field with a at altidude catastrophic event.
Im surprised liberals haven't claimed that the plane was abducted by space aliens.
did china test a new neutron gun weapon? disintegrator of particles
China Government will ban all muslim religious to CHina and Islam airlines. China will start attack muslim religious people in China
USA or any other nation shooting down a plane?????? Who can make such an idiotic statement, I ask.
uh they have before a few military ships have from different nations we shot down a Iranian jet in 1988 killing over 200 .hmmmmmmmm seems your the idiot .
how can there not be any wreckage? did this thing go straight in ? - even if it did it would have floatables from blowing apart at that speed?????
Are you kidding me? Where the heck is this betty crocker jet at?
If U.S. surveillance satellite on sentry overhead "saw nothing" moments before the aircraft disappeared, then where did that plane go? Or, the other possibility is that the satellite did observe some form of event which the intelligence community may deem to be "classified."
if it were terrorist...I THINK THEY WOULD OF ALREADY CLAIMED THE DEED?
What I don't get is if the plane broke up at 30 some thousand feet how were there oil tracks on the ocean? Wouldn't the plane have to be mostly intact in order for that to happen, unless those were not from the plane.
Those oil tracks have not been confirmed to belong to MH370.
It's very strange that we have iphones with gps that can be pinpointed any where on earth, but a plane goes down and no knowledge of where it is... What about the Blackbox, doesn't that give off some type of Radar gps beacon...?
It does. But it could be buried deep in the ocean and the transmitter isn't very strong considering the size of the blackbox. With proper equipment, it could be detected by combing the ocean floor. The battery inside could only last for a few weeks, so they have to be quick to find it. Your iPhone, for example, relies on a cellular network. Without the network, it may be hard to pinpoint the phone.
Sounds like cost cutting might have been an issue also to consider !
aliens have been pooping up more and more
What do alien bowel movements have to do with this?
I have to think this is a bomb. Planes just don't blow up when all things seem to be normal.
if it blew up debris would be seen everywhere.
if the plane blew up for whatever reasons it would have shown up on the spy satellites. that would have been quite obvious.
They'll find something floating sooner or later.
Planes do just not blow up unless they have help doing so.
STOP it with a Muslim being sad-THOSE EVILS CAUSED THIS MURDER-EVERY MUSLIM IS EVIL AND HAS A LIFE TIME GOAL WITH NO SOUL TO MURDER HUMANS!!!
Don't feel sorry for the 237 on the plane ... they found a wormhole That is amazing
So from now on, all airline tickets should have an extra line of fineprints saying, "You could be disintegrated at any time while flying our plane...."
IMHO, those two people who stole those passports are the clue to what happened at 30,000 feet.
genius…I'm sure no one's thought of that.
THAT WAS NOT THE DOOR TO THE RESTROOM!!!
It's the inside of a door.
This is Jihad through and through...two stolen passport at different times checked in at the same time, European sounding names, maybe the Russian on the manifest is a Chechen, or maybe some Ayrab or European looking Uyghurs...or a half Dutch/half Indonesian jihadist.....
of course it disintigrated!!!!!! THERE WAS A BOMB!
In that case there would be lots of floating debris .
The whole story sounds fishy to me.
What if no distress signal means they just took the plane somewhere else? Why isn't anyone considering this option. Maybe we should run a trace on all the cell phones that were on board the flight.
Because the PHYSICAL AIRPLANE would show up on radar?!?!?!?
And you need a long runway to be able to land the plane. Runways big enough are usually at major airports. So people will definitely notice.
it wouldn't surprise me to find out it was north korea testing a missile
they should hire the sasquatch hunters or ghost hunters, they can detect farts if necessary
"Can't these immigration officials think ?".....No, they are not allowed to anymore...they don't want to be guilty of racial profiling. So what if they have Asian faces and Italian and Austrian names....doesn't mean #$%$ anymore in this feeeeeel gooooood world.
This could be the worse nightmare for the families of the victims. No matter how bad it could be they would still want the answer on what had happened. Lets us just pray for everyone on board and may their souls RIP.
What a horrible tragedy...my heart goes out to the families that lost their loved ones....soo sad :(
think the plane probably was Hijacked and enforced to fly to a secrect area. Who is terrorist? Enemy o China?? Thanks.
This is very possible. Chinese testing out new cloaking technology? Could be. We're being force fed all types of info. I'll keep an open mind.
the media wants so badly for this to be a terrorist act
One and only one answer. A bomb.
DID THEY LOSE A DOOR AT 35,000 FT.??
SOME PEOPLE ARE SO UNFRIENDLY??/ GROUCH?? THAT MISSING HOUR ???
My prayers are with the familys
Didn't 9/11 tell us Muslims should never be allowed on planes. Take a goat ride, losers.
They listed the nationalities of all passengers in the article, not one single one from a muslim country...
it was at 35,000 feet what do you think it landed on a beach some place, of course it came a part in little pieces.
How can they detect a bomb in the checked in luggage, but if the plane was blown up you think there might be floating debris in the water not just jet fuel.
The only reason we know what happened to PanAm 103 is due to weather the flight didn't fly over the Irish Sea like it was supposed to. It went north over Scotland...over land.
Plane hits water, kerosine fuel floats 20 miles till they find it.
Maybe the plane nose dived into the ocean.
It's looking more and more like terrorism. Thumbs down if you are a Muslim lover
that is total idiots talking, there would be a debrie field miles long with all types of stuff, luggage, panels, foam, etc., looks like someone got into the cockpit shot the crew and then flew the plane into the sea, this must be coming from Wy T Low or a cousin
Ok, if they can't find it in the ocean then looking for on the land, mountain or forest somewhere. Keep on moving and do some works.
Asian guy named Luigi. Now thats funny. "ey mario wheres the wonton soup"
Well 'Morgan'...it's called news...and puting aside the 'first to break the story' and the 'informational' part of it...people, who may have a vested interest, etc..etc..want to..know...NEED to know what's going on...and then there's the people like yourself..who, as you put it.."Should let the families have peace and tranquility"...are doing just the opposite by commenting on this story...which ironically is why news agencey's print it in the first place....HB
The only way you would see me in any plane , is if I was in the pilots seat. I don't any man these days
The media doesn't know what privacy and respect mean.
It may have come apart , but there will still be some large pieces such as engine and landing gear. I am suprised they have not found parts that float.
Google "Payne Stewart" and "Helios Airlines Flight 522". Hypoxia is the answer and the plane is probably in the remote mountains of the Malay Peninsula.
When the 777 loses pressurization, the onboard diagnostics will flash message Boeing. Since it appears that no message was received by them, it appears that the aircraft's onboard communications suffered total and instant failure. Kind of blows the s**t out of your tired #$%$ theory, Goober.
Could the plane have done a Capt Sully landing, then sank INTACT?
It was an act of GOD!
have to bomb, but who set the bomb?
are they checking the possibilities the plane might have mechanical issues, and hence ascended above the earth's atmosphere making it disintergrate or even blowing up????
no they aren't you dumbssa, that is because what you just said is not possible. how about checking into the nearest mental health facility.
you would still have debris....remember when the space shuttle re-entered the earths atmosphere.....there was debris in different states from the shuttle.
THIS PLANE HAD A WINGTIP FALL OFF IN 2009!!! LOOK IT UP!!
and that means what in 2014?
There are alot of previously damaged planes in service, daily.
how do I become a reporter "Jet may have crashed, people may have died, but I don't have any information yet",,just thinking
EL AL. Real security, the rest is an illusion for imbeciles and lemmings
Certainly they can carry Foreign Passports as Citizens of those countries but Names ??
If that is the case seats cushions should be floating around by now.
this would make a good horror movie already:)
you would think there would be some pieces floating in the ocean
dont depend on CNN. their ratings are so low, more people watch cartoon network than cnn..
my heartfelt sympathies to all the families on that flight! And to whomever may have been responsible for such destruction and unfeeling towards life, shame on you!!.
Let me guess. Those two were Muslims!
The fuel tanks are very strong...the plane could have broken apart and fuel tanks survived to the ocean surface..... not inconceivable. jet fuel does not explode like gas.....
jet fuel would evaporate before it fell 35,000 feet ! if it's on the water it was still it the tank close to hitting the sea
OMG. Sounds like a nightmare! Stolen passports? Mr. Ali? Previous security stops with people who had explosives? Im scared!
ROFLMAO......""I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday." This is one of the drawbacks of multiculturalism.....Nobody knows who anybody is or is supposed to be.....
More Jihad, kill them all and let Allah sort it out !
Don't worry folks! Obama told the plane's hijackers that "there will be grave consequences" if the hijackers do anything to the plane.
grave consequences and he wont do anything....big talk and no action
why give it a rest laela - its true
hehehe laela deleting posts again...gotta love people who stick to their convictions
So sad for everyone but I hope those people get rid of their cell phone use. Probably had girlfriends or angry bf on the cellphone trying to keep them from getting mad at them. Lame lame lame...and still with all peoples harassing going through the gates?????? And this happens?????????
Malaysian immigration are #$%$ stupid and useless. The last time they stop, humiliated and discrimated a Filipina attending the World Youth Day last year. Even she has a proper travelling papers. She was hold in the immigration office without food or water.
Truly heart stopping mystery at this point.....
Oh sure, this happens all the time, jets "disintegrating". This is the start of the process of the "authorities" feeding the media the cause of the crash so people stop asking about the muslim terrorism angle.
Lets face it. Its in the ocean. They found a 7 mile oil stream. A distress signal was sent shortly before it went off radar. It had to have been low flying. Unfortunately, the crew & passengers didn't make it. The question is why did this mechanical failure happen.
I'm Confused, This being a newer aircraft why can't they locate the beacon that it is suppose to be transmitting.
The Black boxes are suppose to transmit a beacon.
They already know more then they are telling at this stage.. it's the not the US folks have to remember that they are withholding what they already know. Works a bit differently in that part of the world
Can you say terrorists and bomb folks....
The Jets flight path interceded with N.Korea's week long SAM missile launches.
And does disintegration happen? Sounds like a terrorist event. God bless those lost and their families.....
Why has no one/organization taken credit for this? Very Stinky!!!
B/c it was not them it was a U.S False flag attack to get more People to talk #$%$ about Muslims to brain wash you sheep more
WHEN I, FLY.... I, always think is this the right flight that will get me there safely??..... and there is no good way to know that until you have landed safely??..... so I, order my alcohol drink and enjoy the flight.
that be profiling in da USA.. the DOJ, NSA or IRS and Civil liberties be on that fast.. pretty girl and you old man get down and strip for TSA man.. we have become poliitical correct morons.....besides who needs an ID its racist and hinders the poor...
Well,...Two bogus passports suggest terrorists. If the plane broke up, it still would have big pieces, and the seats, as well as other interior parts are designed to float. There should be a lot of debris in the water if it hit intact or not,
In the event of a water landing the person next to you may be used as a flotation device.
So those awful Muslims will blow up a plane filled with other Muslims just to show the world what turds they are? WE KNOW ALREADY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"disintegrated in mid-air" As close as we are going to get in say, a terrorist attack. Sad how the cover up has already begun. Blame the two passengers with stolen passports for hijacking the plane? Well, where is it?
Hmm THIS happening after Obummi pledged BILLIONS to Ukraine. I guess a little DIVERSION was in place...............jmo
YES THERE ARE NO ASAINS TOURIST OR RESIDENCE IN ITALY OR AUSTRAILIA! ITS A KNOWN FACT ALL OVER THE WORLD! SHEESH! WHAT A MAROON
Maybe it went UP instead of DOWN and they landed safely on the moon?
disintegrated?? really??? when was the last time this happened? hey anonymous mr malaysian source, would you like to try again? playoffs? what playoffs? playoffs?
I'm sorry, son, but you must have me confused with someone else. My name is Roger Murdock. I'm the co-pilot.
Striker, you're coming in too fast!
"'The outcome so far is there is no sign of the aircraft,' Malaysian civil aviation chief Azharuddin Abdul Rahman said." It's mad observational skills such as this that gets you the fat gigs like Malaysian civil aviation chief.
Wait, forget about the passports for a second. Assuming that these guys blew the plane up; what the F did they blow it up with? And how did they sneak that on board?
An anonymous Iranian pays cash, in Thai Baht, for at least two men with stolen passports to get on the plane....But there is no evidence of terrorism? These Clouseaus would be lucky if they could find their /\(55) with both hands!
So where is the debris if it broke up at 35,000ft?
Any possibility they'd try to fly out of the atmosphere? That's the only likely possibility of "disintegration." Yet, how'd it go undetected from ATC. Anyone know more about this being a plausible theory?
next time you have a thought LET IT GO
just broke up in mid-air? Talk about scary????
.........The bombers can sleep soundly tonite knowing that Glorious Patriot Comrade Edvard Snowden-ski will keep reveling secrets that will help them circumvent security and plan more bombings....Great Work, Comrade!!!!!!!.....
Yes I'm sure those two Asian dudes could easily pass themselves off as an Austrian and an Italian..
dont black boxes have a locator on them. something is fishee about this whole thing.
Wait..A clear day, Asian faces with the stolen passports of an Italian and Austrian listed with interpol going unnoticed through customs? Ummm...I think not. This is an intentional inside job.
Tragic. Thoughts to all of the families who are devastated.
Either incompetence or they were in on it and let them through. It's kinda loose at the ol' airports these days. Except Israel.
I fly to Asia a lot out of LAX. I always see the TSA agents confirming that the picture on the passport matches the person with the passport.. I don't see that when I fly home.
When will the movie be out?
The followers of the religion of peace spreading the love again
Looking for this plane does take some of the heat off Putin don't you think ?
The Chinese hate muzlims, slunds like the muzlims are at it again.
they need to get rid of the asian search and rescue teams and get americans and the coast guard brought in we would've had the plane found 3 days ago if the americans were searching.
We have been helping since it happened.
Because Americans are good at searching? I don't follow your logic.
something doesn't smell right, they should be finding a debris left and right if it blew up at 35,000 feet.
There was no explosion. The pilot purposely crashed the plane into the sea because it was his "calling". That's what I believe happened.
Sounds to me like the work of Ibrahim al-Asiri
when it comes to women and religious minorities under islam it is a true aparthied state
yes it disintegrated after the terrorist bomb went off..
if thts the case the airline should say "oh, by the way, theres a chance the airplane may just disintigrate while your in it" before we get a freakn ticket
must have been made of the same material the planes on 9-11 were made from that hit a field and the Pentagon with no debris field
If it's not malfunction or terrorism or pilot error or suicide, I'm thinking .... UFO's.
Aliens took it to there mother ship
I bet the plane was shot down. That would explain it being "disintegrated."
Must have been someone who brought 2 ozs of toothpaste.
"[T] he aircraft is likely to have disintegrated at around 35,000 feet..." I hate when that happens.
I wonder what barry soetora will call this? I remember when barry said America could not use the term "terrorist attack", being there were three Americans on board what will barry call this?....an accident maybe?
It's obvious what happened to the plane.... it flew in to the Twilight Zone and it is trapped in a time hole.
It was abducted by Aliens or shot down by Chinese! To arms! to WARRRRR!!!
We have 18 million sleeper agents in the US.
Tin foil hats are on sale at Walmart. Better hurry......
We got the bubble headed bleach blonde who comes on at five. She can tell you 'bout the plane crash with a gleam in her eye. It's interesting when people die. Give us dirty laundry. Can we film the operation? Is the head dead yet? You know, the boys in the newsroom got a running bet. Get the widow on the set! We need dirty laundry.
RIP. I wonder, wouldn't a death at 35k feet at 550mph, being disintegrated be the cleanest way to die? You wouldn't even know it was coming and no pain.
I think being disintegrated by a nuclear explosion would be even quicker. That or having an aneurysm while sleeping. One second your dreaming of Kate Upton and the next you walk towards the light. I'd say in your sleep is the way to go...always.
everybody in the media is really doing a lousy job of reporting this story you keep using the same info to start your story missing plane 239 persons turned back oil slick and now disintegration what the #$%$
Cabin pressure lost? The plane was still climbing at 35,000 feet when contact was lost. Our FBI is getting invovled too? A possibilty that the plane may have turned around? Stolen passports? Good luck getting to the bottom of these mess. These families need straight answers and not a bunch of BS.
Nike and Apple flying flags at half mast.
May they all rest in p e a c e
The magic of Islam. This was a dry run for what is upcoming. Watch who you invite into your realm!
Looks like the plane and all "souls onboard" raptured away! So clean and tidy too! No mess no fuss! Hopefully, the rest of you true believers will go the same way and SOOOOOOON!!!!!!!
@Vegan: Did you bump your head!!!!
That's the answer to the question of how many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop.
One thing is for sure, they had better start dragging the nets on the bottom of water, that plane is down there and they'd better locate it and fast! This is pure nonsense, a plane will not just go missing, especially as large as an airplane is? Get up off your #$%$ and find that plane pronto!
i said it before and I'll say it again. Kim Kardashian has a big tushy. If she was on that plane and farted..........
My thoughts & prayers go out to the families & friends of the victims. May GOD bless you with his everlasting Love & Mercy, wrap his Loving arms around you all & heal the hearts this tragedy has broken....
I just heard that it was the American Repubklikon Taliban that probably bomed the plane. The republikons who hates Obama so much.
shot down for some reason....prob the chinamen.
Moment of silence for the pilot and co-pilot...... WIE GONG DI and LOK BEE LO.
want answers???...start water boarding the muslims.
I believe it went strait down , why else isn't there debris all over the place?
Um, but it blew into smithereens at 35,000 feet. You must have skipped the article.
Planes just don't disintegrate in mid air without any debris ,not happening ,sorry
Disintegrated ?....Ono one is going to buy that......Looks to me like the plane was either deliberately crashed or bombed.
If this was caused by" Mujahideen Freedom Fighters", I just want to remind everyone who created this monster. The USA.
"May have" there are a million "May have" to explain the missing plane. The read & report media continues.
Very sorry to even say this. Their own muslim brothers might have done this Terrorist act again. It is only Muslims who blow up planes.
another VERY high PDI (power distance index-yes manism) country akin to Filipines and SOuth Korea. not surprising given lax standards and overly laid back whatever you say bossman
"Authorities widened the search for the plane thought to have disintegrate @ 35,000 AGL". Hope the widened it 2 continents.
Who are the ten countries scouring the sea? I'll bet China isn't one of them. They are funny people, not ha ha funny either.
Afghanistan is winding down, it's useful in starting new war's .
This is the type of half-a$$ed news you get under Democrats. "It's all just a mystery children". Yes we have spy satellites that record every move you make but they were, uh, visiting Santa Claus that day.
AMERICAN AIRLINES, UNITED, SOUTHWEST AIRLINES, BRITISH AIRWAYS=IMMEDIATELY-START 'NO MUSLIM' FLIGHTS...FOR AN EXTRA 50.00 PER PERSON-WATCH YOUR FLIGHTS SOAR!!!! JUST MAKE SURE TO WEED OUT ALL THOSE EVIL MUSLIMS-EVERY ONE OF THEM IS A POSSIBLE TERRORIST-WE SHOULD NOT ENGAGE CONVERSATION, HIRE, LIVE NEAR, OR FLY WITH THE SOUL-LESS SATAN ADORING/EVIL MUSLIMS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Get outta here! Ain't no way!
All comments here so far are pure 100% speculation
there were also 3 ukraines and 1 russian, HMMMMMMMMMM
the don't have a culture of blowing themselves up, they are not muslims
Were the pilots new to the rout could they headed the wrong way ,abduction .
They would be a wee bit smarter than you, so I highly doubt it.
May have also been shot down but you will never hear about that.
You continue to post stupid remarks. Nothing has been ruled out so should they post every possible scenario? Get a life.
it is absolute #$%$ no radio contact, no transponder signal, at least 2 boarded the aircraft with stolen passports!
I'd bet $100 those two were rag-heads and brought the plane down.
Malaysia a stupid manage country by najib
The ticket agent did not suspect Mr Ali of being linked to terrorism.. oh yeh.. well. how can you doubt THAT?? she IS an expert after all.. what a SSSTOOPID statement
olgak u are the smelly and nasty person,muslims and islam don't stink,u are the one that has a stinky butt,the reason for this is because u only used toilet paper to wipe your butt,whereas muslims wash completely when they used the bathroom.u #$%$ smell #$%$,i bet no muslim man wants to date your stinky #$%$.you are a hater.
"There is no evidence to suggest an act of terror", at this point Alien abduction becomes an ever increasing possibility.
if they don't find something in the next 3 days i'm leaning with alien abduction
Now the FBI is involved? Any question whether the US was involved? I'm disgusted with my govt.
what kind of stupid fk would eveer think we would want to destroy a commercial jet? oh yeah a stup;id fk like you
You are an idiot. The FBI is assissting because they are REALLY good in that area.
FBI doesn't have global jurisdiction. That would be interpol.
the FBI is the United States representative for Interpol. Try reading about a subject for yourself before you comment
I can't believe they haven't figured yet that the plane was abducted by ALIENS!!
Can you say bomb. Get real folks, what else could happen.
Chinese Christians are being attacked daily just as are Christians around the world. Go ahead, thumbs down me. Nothing can change the truth.
Buddhists, gays and other minorities are also being attacked so get off your high-horse. Being attacked is not your exclusive honor, even though you Christians relish the role.
Not in the numbers Christians are being attacked Possum. By the way, my temple is in NhaTrang, Vietnam.
I haven't hear any comment from the Obama administration. Guess he doesn't care!
If he were to comment on everything that happens globally, he'd be in a perpetual news conference.
Came unglued at 35K feet. Hogwash. Something happened so fast and without warning causing instant depressurization. Explosion,,,,stupid.....some one ore more wanted to make a statement...and they damn sure have.
Bill Clinton did it while getting a hummer
it didn't disintegrate........it took a nose dive into the ocean at 500mph.......That's why there's no debris on water surface.....
Agree, also our spy satellite did not see anything.
You realize a nose dive at 500 mph, would not result in an intact plane, right? Water's as good as concrete at that point.
Okay, so it took a nose dive into the water, why not mayday? Why no cries of distress? and nothing, not a single piece of the plane to be found...Nothing except the fuel... Yeah RIGHT
Yeah in the bottom of the ocean.
And not one out of 239 didn't make a cell phone call?
Maybe the plane was abducted by an alien spaceship !!!
i believe the rapture has begun. disappearances occur during.this
I lost a sock last week.
If there oil marks in the there MUST be debris. If none found, then it is FUEL DUMP and emrgency landing either in the water or nearest mounty island. Search there, I..d.diots.
A billion chinamen all with the same haircut
Why the thumbs down he would do a better job than those who are investigating it now?
We already know this was not engine failure.. this is not how that plays out. It was either a bomb or a missile most likely. Engines failure you can glide and it would have been shown on radar descending. It just blew up. what we don't know yet is why. Even if it was suicide steep decline you'd see that to on radar till it got close to the ground. It blew up.
doubt the bomb thing...........no missile way out at sea........unless is was from a ship........most likely structural failure from the jet operating constantly near sea water environment.....
No Anthony i know a lot more about this business since it's my business then you do.. structural failure highly unlikely and there is already too much coming out about lapse in security.
IT IS NOT UNPRECEDENTED ---- THE AIR FRANCE LOST NEAR BRAZIL TOOK TWO YEARS TO FIND AND ANOTHER TO RETRIEVE THE BLACK BOX ---- GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT. THIS IS NOT YOUR USUALLY BULL FECES OBAMA STORY.
No one takes you seriously if you type in all caps.
CAPS BOTHER YOU AND OBAMA DOESN'T ---- U BE A DOPE.
Well once I say this a lot of you are going to nod your heads in complete agreement .we all have had this thought tucked away in the back of our minds but to scared to admit it would be just way to horrible to even consider this .THEY HAVE BEEN ABDUCTED BY UFOs.There its now out in the open .Man would that mess up this investigation
NEOClowns and America1st. Can't wait to plant a flag for war in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Iran, North Korea, and even in the Ukraine. You ask them what they would do –––– and you get silence. No wonder America voted Obama in, 332-206, in another deafening landslide that silenced these racists!
what the h3ll are you talking about?
Wow, you're a #$%$ idiot. Please do the world a favor and don't breed. Let the stupidity die with you. What is both sad and pathetic is that you are so stupid you cannot even stay on point with the story when proving your ignorance to the masses with your comment.
K and Brian haven't been following the rant by 'America1st.' Why don't you read that #$%$ h3ll that he just posted. Then comment.
Rabbits, if he is being as stupid as you are making political rants, then rant back at his in his comment. You are just as stupid and bad as him when you do the same thing as him. And no, I haven't been following his comments, I haven't even seen them. But, if I did I would say the same thing to him as I did to you and I did to others on the conservative side that made Obama comments.
@Brian and Kay. Americafirst wrote: "If This Is a Terrorists Attack Which Video Will Barry Blame it On!" Get it? He's the dude not staying on point.
Brian, if someone makes a political rant against the President of the United States, that has nothing to do with the story, as an American I will defend the President. I don't give a dann about staying all church-boy and keeping my mouth shut. A bully gets popped in the face, if he disrespects the dead in this story by mouthing off some BS about POTUS. Nuff said.
Sensible (kind of an ironic name since you are not that), again, I didn't see his comment. If I had I would have said the same thing to him that I did to Rabbits (and everyone else that I have seen making this about U.S. Politics). And while he is not staying on point with the story, my saying Rabbits isn't is just as true as your saying he isn't.
Rabbits. Do you think he speaks for all Conservatives? The same Conseratives who just made a Black man (Ben Carson) one of their top 3 choices for President at the CPAC convention this weekend? And for the record, no Conservatives of respect are calling for war in the Ukraine, Iran, Syria or North Korea. Turn off MSNBC. Your brain is corroding.
We may never know what happened.
Call Dog the Bounty Hunter to find them.
Swallowed by a large flying saucer ? One day such an event will happen.
So incredibly unlikely it's laughable. Any alien life capable of visiting us would be so technologically-advanced beyond us that we wouldn't even interest them.
Sure, a plane traveling at a couple hundred miles a hour just gets swallowed by a flying saucer. Sure.
WalterK , It already happened a couple of days ago.
Everyone should resign from the "Emperor's" palace!
Quick, has anyone seen Kris Kristofferson, and Cheryl Ladd yet?
Who gives a s---, about the shares of the airline during this terrible time. How cold to even talk about it.
LMAO!!! Those Israhellers just can't quit! So we have an UNNAMED travel agent and an Iranian called "Mr. Ali" who was linked to terrorism......LOL
are we ready for aliens? the whole world would freak if they show up with the plane.
why else did obama give an intro to Cosmos on Fox last night? preparing us for the truth.
I for one, would welcome our space faring OverLords.
So...Lord Xenu really *did* use spaceships that looked like DC-10s?
Just like the passengers and crew from Gilligans Island, they were never found.
So a Asian who can speak perfect Italian and his name is Louigi is not a real Italian?
If a blue-eyed blonde guy showed up in the Beijing airport with a passport that said his name was "Wei Yuxeng," would you not find it even a LITTLE bit suspicious? At least suspicious enough to scan the passport through a database?
I belive him if he speaks perfect Chinese. I have seen blue eye /blond hair girl raised by Asian parents.
Then I would never want to hire you as a security professional for a major international airport. The very idea that you wouldn't even double-check a passport on a major statistical anomaly demonstrates a lack of sense, experience, or situational awareness. I'm not saying "arrest and detain the guy." I'm saying take three extra minutes to run the numbers on the passport of someone who stands out.
Obama and the Democrats say they have 100% defeated Terrorism in the World and we can all go back to 9/10/2001
Tom Hanks survived when the FedEx plane hit the water.
The whole movie I was hoping the unopened package would turn out to contain a working satellite phone.
MUSLIM What other group prorogates more acts of terror in the name of God?
Teacher: "Johnny, where is your homework?" Little Johnny: "I did it, but it disintegrated like that Asian plane did" Teacher: "OK, Johnny, that makes sense, I'm sorry for your loss, I'll give you an A+ for your honesty and bravery"
Shocking that no one is blaming Obama
Not as shocking as you feeling the need to post that comment. But, don't worry, there are idiots like you that are blaming him on here and that are blaming Republicans. So don't fret, you are in good company.
The Pukes have been doing that all day long.
I'm not blaming him. I'm tired of every article, no matter what it is about people talk about how #$%$ he is
THE PLANE WAS ABDUCTED BY ALIENS!! hELLO!!!! HOW DOES A PLANE OF THAT SIZE DISAPEAR?????????? NO WAY IT DISINTEGRATED!!!!!NO FRICKEN WAY CAN THAT MUCH MATERIAL BE VAPORIZED!!! EVEN A NUCLEAR BOMB WOULD HAVE BEEN SEEN IN THE SKY!! THEY WERE ABDUCTED BY ALIENS!!!!!!!!!
YES, YES, YES - it was the guy with the antenna hair from "Ancient Aliens !"
all indications are the plane was intact and sunk, if it disintegrated at 35,000 feet the debris would be spread out for miles and floating
The world has no shortage of slant-eyed people. Move on!
The two pilots have been named: Ho Lee Chit and Sum Ting Wong.
Reports are coming in that Barack Hussein Obama was seen in the vicinity carrying a shoulder held surface-to-air missle launcher.
Something crazy is going on if multiple countries are sending militaries over there so quickly...we are not being told something
Or people out there actually care about their global neighbors. Yes, crazy thought.
I can't help but think that Palin or Bush has something to do with this.
Yeah, I think so, but what is sickening is that Palin will keep on going like she didn't have a thing to do with it!
Maybe Lassie is driving the plane and she just got confused or went to help Timmy?
...a 73 hour tour, a 73 hour tour.
MR. SUM TIN WONG and WE TU LO should stop flying.
I bet Hanoi Jane can tell us where this jet went.
That is usually what happens when a missile hits a plane....
Really? You know this how? Oh, you don't. Idiot
I know a plane disintegrates when a missile hits it, yes. You soggy cum sock!
I got a buddy in Vegas who makes better! lol
yet ZERO debris....makes NO sense. Stuff floats....even when falling 35,000 feet. Something isn't right here.
PERHAPS THEY ARE NOT TELLING WHAT THEY KNOW????
unprecedented....a word every Liberal uses to dumb down every situation when they know EXACTLY what has happened.....
-----I'll say it----- --"Abduction by aliens"------"UFO's"------"There back.."
Geeez, how would you know if the next flight you take is 'the one'? You see It pays to be one of them '1% Rich'....they fly on their own private jets.
Private planes are smaller and less safe then B777
@Simona....you missed my point. You don't have to fly with terrorists if you have your own private plane.
I know people "out there" will claim ufo's took the missing airliner.Seriously,are there any uninhabited islands in the area where the plane may have made an emergency landing?
No, they are too hilly. The only place where a plane might possibly land is Phu Quoc -- but not a 777.
NO WAY could that Plane Break Up at 35,000 Feet.......and Nothing be Found.......NO POSSIBLE WAY......There's Plastic, Papers, Clothes, Bottles, Life Jackets, Bodies, and Parts of The Plane that will FLOAT........That Plane had to go Down WHOLE....Without Breaking up.......Seating on Bottom of Sea
if Terrorist broke into cabin......the Pilots wouldn't have time to Radio Out.......or was the Pilots on Suicide Mission ?
The pilot has to almost be involved I'm sure there is a panic button
Boing 777 the best aircraft on earth something no good this airplane no crash just missing
Everyone is too quick to blame Muslims. Islamophobia
People are quick to blame Muslims for a very good reason -- Muslims are responsible for 99%+ of terrorist attacks. So it's not a "phobia" if it matches reality.
It's not "racist" to report reality, moron.
Plus Islam isn't a race, it's a cult. Plenty of white Muslims too.
That lady is Muslim! That alone is scary.
Another distraction from obama's scandals, failures and incompetence. Convenient, huh?
He's a better President than you deserve. Bush was your boy.
Boeing has been silent I am sure they know what happened and are planning their defense. I bet they knew this would happen at some point but hey money over lives!
There has been one accident with this plane in 20 years of service, and that was pilot error at San Francisco airport last year with plane coming in too low. How can they possibly comment at this juncture?
I thought you were going to whine about GOP deregulation of Malaysian planes again, Huseiniac? Maybe Obonehead the Hussein will blame this one on the inflight VIDEO, once they find out it was muslims................AGAIN.
Jeffrey, I agree, the 777 is one of the safest most reliable planes around with a few incidents in its 20 years with the only fatalities due to pilot incompetence.
But this plane did have a recent wing tip repair a few years ago. If there was any error in that repair it could have resulted in metal fatigue causing it to break off and ar that speed, the entire plane could have rolled and broke apart. A similar event happened in 2002 china air flight 11
777 past it's safe - useful life span. Totally disintegrates in flight
Doppler, but with that Air China flight they found wreckage within a few hours, also the Air India bombing they found wreckage within a few hours. That's what's strange here, its more than 2 days later and no wreckage, not one small piece and 35 planes and 40 ships searching.
Steve and Doppler, I agree with Lisa, disintegration at 35,000 feet, there would be a debris field. I think this plane had a castrophic engine and electrical failure at 35,000 feet (no distress signal) and the pilots came in for a water landing. (no debris field) I think they'll find the entire plane, intact, 3,000 feet below on the ocean floor , completely intact. Sully Sullenberger proved you can do this 5 years ago on the Hudson river, in much colder water.
This is what happens when you outsource American jobs If the plane was made in the USA this wouldn't of happened Enough said
The plane was made in the USA. Are you totally clueless?
You are stupid. You have no idea what happened to this plane. Moron
the plane is/are made in America bro... Quit #$%$ about outsourcing, because the talented and skilled here getting jobs... Also ask your gov to stop Corporate taxes rate increases. Maybe then they could bring back the jobs from overseas
yo forgot to say.....after it blew up...this whole story has been reversed told...
why doesn't Kerry come out an make a positive awe inspiring statement like "we are moving very aggressively on the problem"
* hope its just an accident...IF THIS WAS A TERRORIST ATTACK PROBABLY IT WAS DONE BY DEVIL-AMERICA TO COVER UP THE 9-11 DECEPTION* --if it was a terror in deed the skills of this 2 terrorist will be to be able to kill the pilots and able to maneuver the plane,, go to the target location, and have a support team waiting for them to bring themselves to safety.....AND DEVIL-AMERICA BRAINEDWASH TO DEMOCRATIC HYPOCRACY WILL BE SAFE AND MISSION ACCOMPLISH DEVIL!!! --this might be a continuation to decieve the world done again by devil-america...
That has to take first prize for the most idiotic comment of the day.
What color is the sky in your world?
-I don't know what the nationality of you people. but I am sure you are brainedwashed by democratic hypocracy of devil-america.....Nothing matters most to you in life but to glorify and uplift the hypocracy of devil-america.....my opinion is just another probability and its open to your opinions,,but for you to insult or give an opinion on personal level just makes me think the world is hopeless coz of the brainwashed people like you..
May bethey flew the Burmuda Triaaangle
The 777 was designed to fly, and it does just that, very well. It was not designed to crash, and it does that very badly.
What an intelligent statement. Thank you for your insight.
I'm with Jack on this one. Very astute observation Curmudgeon. My day is now complete. Thanks
islam disintegrated the plane.. 100 to 1
Safety rule #1 should be: NO mOZLEMS anywhere near an airport.
Open your mind for an Open Portal StarGate possibility. Accept the impossible, or you will stuck with "Unexplained Files" limited block knowledge again like usual.
Whats the bid deal there were no debris at the pentagon either it's normal..
Who gives a #$%$ what the travel agent thinks???! Like she really knows anything about anybody. She's just there to sell tickets. How stupid. Why even bother with that? Maybe she is their cohort
security is a joke there. people boarding with liquids etc. it's not as tight as should be. not saying this event is a result of fowl play, i have noticed these things there.
Someone knows what happened and are not saying.
We saw this movie already where the bad guys in the 007 James Bond movie highjacked an orbiting weapon and secret it away to a vacant volcano and plan to blackmail the free world..
Hamidi is naive or racist. Citizenship doesn't depend on race.
Yeah, but when the guy starts saying, "Yah, I name is Ruigi Malardi" you should be a LITTLE suspicious.
Really!!! "May have disintegrated". Sensational and lurid exaggeration to attract readers. They need to find a new Sr. source.......
what r the use of we having a security men in the airport ?
They probably pulled them out because too many people complained about 'pat downs', or imagery that could make out the outlines of their butts.
Something tells me North Korea has invested in some laser cannons lately....
Or sharks with lasers on their heads.
Based on their theory of mid-air disintegration, pieces of the airframe would have been floating on the water.
Apparently, Barack Hussein Obama is off the grid, under the radar, vanished into thin air......thank you, God!
i think USO suck into their spaceship
USO? Dear god we are stupid.
well,i had to read a bunch of comments,but i just learned the cause from some tinfoil hat-wearing scientist.......according to him,Obama is ultimately responsible for this tragedy
Tin foil won't work max, it's got to be aluminum to be effective.
Aliens took them ..maybe ..happens ..don't laugh..they are here
This sounds like a military experiment with the new laser beams they were starting to use this month
Its actually not a bad guess in theory. Not sure about lasers but it could of been NK for instance testing weapons.
r.i.p my six Australians, four French and three American friends
LEGAL AMERICANS NEED TO DEMAND>>'NO MUSLIMS' FLIGHTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
simple desintigration at 35,000 feet end of case mystery solved a ufo could have harvested the people and then desintigrated the airplane......either way desintigration or evaporation
MR Ali, who paid in cash! Don't sound like any terrorist to me! HELLO, any one home! My condolences go out to all the families for loss of your loved ones.
If you can't find the plane. Maybe it was high jacked. Made to drop below radar an has landed some where.
IF the plane had gone straight down in one piece, the pilot would have had plenty of time to send SOS signals. It must have disintegrated suddenly at 35,000 feet......why would the pilot turn back without any warning? There has got to be foul play. If it disintegrates (with a tank almost full of gas), most of the luggages would have been torn to tiny pieces or burnt....and anything left would have been strewn across many miles depending on the sped of wind........even if an intact suitcase hit the water falling from 35000 feet, its impact will destroy it......that is why you don't see many suitcases floating around.......with time, they will begin to notice few things here and there.
the airline better hope terrorism.. cause if not... major lasuit in the hundreds of millions.
I am non-Japanese but I have a Japanese passport....just b/c you don't look the part doesn't mean you aren't.
You click on one Yahoo article about this and the cable reel they found was orange, you click on this article and it says it was yellow.....come on Yahoo
if you lost a boob due to breast cancer, then youre not a real woman. and if you lost a ball due to nut cancer, then youre not a real man. if you cant get pregnant, then youre a dude. and if you cant get an erection, then youre a chick. and if you have a #$%$ kid, then god hates you
Better check NK airfields make sure theres not an extra plane down there.
may they Rest in Peace.......my condolences to the families who lost their loved ones...
I still think it's in the water.
The sharks already ate them. Dinner has been served brotha. May their souls r.i.p.
Was John Locke on board this flight?
Maybe it is still in the garage
we have a president in office that is a raceis all the time
China could of used frequency jammers and had fighter jets escort the plane into China.
Great work Sherlock!!! The plane was actually going to China!
just pray for all on the plane and all the familys waiting to here whats next.
They will probably find it decades from now, like they find WW2 planes. 60 yrs. after the fact.
Holder is getting involved to see if he can charge the passengers with being racist against terriorst
Austrian and Italian passports with Asian faces?! OMG RACIAL PROFILING. My heart goes out to everybody involved.....
When it's your time to go it's your time to go, I guess...
I don't fly airplanes not after 911!! if god wanted us to fly he would of gave a man wings! I do agree with your statement!
Maybe the plane did not crash into the sea. Maybe it crashed into the remote, thick jungles of Vietnam.
.............. It disinte what ?? I smell a little .................... bull s&#$........ How much in explosives were they carrying ??
the time has come to discriminate of flights...muslim only....and others...... ....we I can dream of a safer world can't I
disappeared just like the black box in Cheney.s 911 job
Or like how VP Al Gore got away with spraying camel buckscent into the WTC garage to lure you camelhumpers in on 2/26 to "FRAME" you. Right Pizza Akhmed?
Why'd some muslim in De Nile thumb me down? Isn't that a good excuse for why you was "FRAMED" the first time you tar.. ds tried to bring it down?
the new face of terrorism: keester bombs.
I bet they'll find some emails soon that link this to Chris Christie.
It would be more likely Hillary or Bill was involved.
I hope the ocean fish are OK.
Why don't you go ask them??
PERHAPS THEY SHOULD CARRY A LOAD OF RED PING PONG BALLS WITH THEM???
Ping pong balls are SO FUN!!! ??But dead people can't play ping pong????
I gave you a 'thumbs up'...can i take it back?
PING PONG BALL FLOAT AND YOU CAN SEE THEM !! IT WOULD MAKE A GOOD LOCATER WHERE THE LOST PLANE WENT DOWN!!!
Müssen wir uns vielleicht ausrotten alle Juden!
I picture you saying that in a patent leather corset and stiletto knee boots, while holding a riding crop.
One time on TV i saw 5 or 6 otters overtake an alligator-- maybe it was a Pack of Otters?!
the plane is in a million pieces at the bottom of the south china sea . this will prove to be Al Quaida
The Uyghurs (WEEgers) are Chinese Sunni Islamic terrorists, but they're not affiliated with al Qaeda. That's who my money is on.
Why waste so much time and money? The plane is gone, the people are gone. There is nothing to find, nothing to learn. Someone probably had a bomb. Here are the takeaways................. If you are American and you choose to fly abroad, take a body bag with you and get more insurance. Next, be glad you are American and have everything a man could want, right here............ at least until the piece of garbage President takes more of it away.
Maybe they should take you away!! What a dumb comment!!
Democracy is alive and well, so get over it.
It's the real life LOST. The island took the plane!!!!
Disintegrated the same way the planes that hit the pentagram and shanksville did. Talk about no evidence remaining!! Better ask Bush and Cheeny, they know all about those kind of evidence disappearances.
so so so true. But they are already blaming this on the Obama administration. hahaha
GoatASS is a polemic pos, and NOT very bright. He got his bigmouth working overtime in a glory-hole. Trying to save up money for it's sex change operations.
@Goatus, If you said a plane did not hit the Pentagon I would bet all I own that you are right. Yes. I know this is a different subject
Yes, Bush and Cheney did it, even though Barry promised to cure this. LOL!!
OP: do you have proof or just talking out of your bum. @ Bill guess he not smart enough to know the difference between a pentagram or the pentagon. no wonder American is where it's at in the world.
This did not happen on Bush's watch ask OB AMA he has an answer for every thing even the Crest smile to go with it
Brilliant ! Tell us more about the plane hitting the " Pentagram" Since youre obviously, so keyed into the events behind the scenes.
Have any of you that think the pentagon was not hit ever seen it with your own eyes? I saw the pentagon last year and there is no way they faked that. You can see it clearly from a highway and on ramp. To think that everyone in the DC area is complicit in covering it up is ignorant. it would be impossible. So, it happened. Why and by who's orders may be up for debate, but not the incident itself.
@GoatASE: for liberals like you, "blame-Bush" is the only medicine they got for their failures. LOL
liberals are the reason that this country is falling apart they have zero moral integrity they lie and deceive the people for example the president Obama great example that idiot couldn't run dairy queen but we need liberals so we can remind ourselves that you cant fix stupid got to defeat stupid at every turn
I believe 2 planes hit the twin towers. No one even claims a plane hit building 7. A retired Army General (I've lost his name) has a video on your computer stating he has looked and a plane did not do it. Don't ever think politicians won't lie when they are creating New World Order.
suicide bombing most likely, although it looks like we will never know for sure what caused this
I suspect we will know. It seems long, but it is still early. Water is apparently not all that deep there, so recovery of flight recorders is to be expected.
The Death Ray---believe it or not it's here!
Lost luggage shows up on the last day of your vacation, so I'd give it about another 3 days.
It may of crossed into the twilight zone.
Do the blackboxes have gps locators on them? If not, why not? Could save thousands of man hours in this and other cases of aircraft going down. If so, why can't they locate it? Ocean depth a factor?
Black boxes dont have gps, and keep in mind gps cant see underwater. The boxes put out a signal that can be used to track them. So far they haven't picked up a signal. The signal can be affected by many things like depth, terrain, and whether the box survived the incident to name a few.
Allen: Thanks for the info. I was truly curious.
If this plane was flying as fast as the one that hit the pentagon and the field in Pennsylvania then it may have disintegrated
Meant to give you a thumbs up. Hopefully I'm right about what you're trying to say
They should bring in the experts. The crew that found the Titanic's wreckage is the same crew that found the Air France flight wreckage. Call them in and the case will be solved.
Why should we believe anything that the government of a third (s)(h)(I)(t)hole tells us? Hasn't having Obama as president for 5 years taught us all about the lies that come from the (s)(c)(u)(m) who run these places?
It didn't disintegrate in mid air at 35,000 feet, they would have found debris by now.
This incident makes me want to go watch the series langoliers again and TwilightZone classig flight of Odyssey of flight 33 again...
Hey, maybe when I finish watching, the plane comes back, then we all know the answer?!
What would muhammad do? He'd go BOOM.....
Something smells of Islam again. Oh my, I am involved in that religion, oh my. I am president of the USA and I am also a islam person oh my. Arent you proud of me USA? I just l o v e you. Can you love me too?
Malaysia is an Islamic republic but Im sure it was just one of those mechanical failure things ;)
I vote that a they went threw a wormhole.
Never trust a chinamen, I hate the no EngRish game
.....It's ironic that the man most responsible for this bombing--Glorious Patriot Comrade Edvard Snowden-ski, who revealed many of the covert ways that airplane bombers can be detected, was first given sanctuary in the very country that suffered the most deaths in this attack..... ......."What goes around, comes around"........
Life is made in such a way that the will of God always prevails ....but unfortunately this message can be understood by only a few.....I hav learned through internet that there are more than 350 islamic words which cannot be used by non-muslims as allah (one of them) in one state against a heavy fine by the law. So what treatment those non-muslims have?
we can buy it back for 1000000 dollars
the fish as to have Asian food once in a while
May the Almighty God be with you! Praying for the families Peace.
From Obama, reid, biden, hillary and peolsi: "it's Bush's fault" NBA fans: "it's lebron's fault"
It's in a little airport in Missouri....Branson perhaps,
International law suit! , one million per passenger. $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
When asked about it, Obama was reported to have stated "it's Bush's fault".
hulk hogan is back in the wwe brother
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest the prophet's armpits.
TWA 800 was shot down by USA. No way can you rule out attack without finding the plane.
Hate your country much? Man, you really need to put down the meth pipe.
What possible reason would the US do this? What a maroon.
I like my wine like I like my women,,,,,,, six years old and kept in the basement.
the truthers say it's a "HOAX!!!!!!HOAX!!!!!!HOAX!!!!!!HOAX!!!!!! etc." so that's what it must be...yawn
Somehow they probably all snuck into USA. They know we have free everything for illegals.
I still think that the plane has been hijacked and likely is sitting on some airfield in a nearby country.
Still doesn't explain how it disappeared from radar while it was 35,000 feet above the ocean.
The Party of NO should have disappeared into nowhere!
At least one bomb in the cockpit because pilots only had to press two buttons for a "mayday".
I bet this was the work of muslims. the evil Koran preaches hate and murder of people who do not follow islam , satans bible.
What if whoever, was Buddhist or Hindu?
The GPS device must have been made in china or counterfeited in china
Bad names for airlines MALAYSIA AIRLINES sounds like mal function Virgin air is good name the plane always wanna landing on Hairy pad
WAKE UP CHINA THE MUSLIMS HATE YOU TOO.............................
Dead muslims & dead communists..No loss.
They need to make a computer or phone that will ban 6 years old from making stupid comment on yahoo
Find the plane first then talk about the 2 stolen passports....ok?
Mindless Sheeple - Just Keep Flying, Nothing will ever happen - Right ?
why don't they look on the ocean floor, right by where they found the oil slick.....or is that too obvious?
Has anyone seen or heard of the 1989 film "Millennium"?
could it have been hit by a meteor..or the energy of a meteor passing earth caused the plane to crash, or was hit by space debris falling to earth's atmosphere.
The horror caused Asian eyes into shapes like O-O....0-0....Q-Q...instead of usual =-=
oh shritty flight gonna go down. Dam you Mongolians!
Pleeeeeeeeeeease let Obama's plane do the same thing with him on it!
I hope that the passengers come back with selfies with the dinosaurs..
A bomb on board will make a big jet explode, shades of Pan Am over Lockerbee, debri and bodies were scattered for miles. The work of #$%$, Indonesia is full of them. ISLAM is the scourge of our planet. They are Earths Cancer.
Just some more crazy arabs#$%$ murdering for their false demon god alliopps.
No distress call, they were blow out of the sky. Who likes to blow up airplanes, the muslims.
Let us pray for the families and friends that atleast bodies will be found dead or a live. it is God who has all the answers where the jet and the people are. Pst Charles, Kenya.
Ooohh Geee, the stolen passport holders of an Austrian and an Italian were of Asian appearance but were let through anyway. If they weren't, gov.jerry BJob brown would be right there with his sacramento politically correct perverts screaming "ethnic Typing!!!!" Damned if you do, politically damned if you don't......ehhh "dr.jerry" relatives of yours jerry?????
What if it shot through a hole in the ozone and is trapped in a geostationary orbit...they can see us, we can't see them.....actually, I bet something caused a hole in the fuselage resulting in a catastrophic pressure event. So sorry for family.
Asked what she thought, Hillary Clinton said, "What difference does it make."
Gotta love the understatement: spokesman describes the American satellite surveillance coverage of the area as "thorough"---how about just saying "exhaustive in every immaculate detail".
THE PLANE WAS ABDUCTED BY ALIENS!! hELLO!!!! HOW DOES A PLANE OF THAT SIZE DISAPEAR?????????? NO WAY IT DISINTEGRATED!!!!!NO FRICKEN WAY CAN THAT MUCH MATERIAL BE VAPORIZED!!! EVEN A NUCLEAR BOMB WOULD HAVE BEEN SEEN IN THE SKY!! THEY WERE ABDUCTED BY ALIENS!!!!!!!!!
Lots of questions to be answered. There's going to be more debris found soon, so there will be clues. Looking at what's being reported, looks like foul play.
malaysia is full of muslims. muslims mean terrorism. terrorism means explosions and suicide missions. any questions?
Yes. What does your comment have to do with the missing aircraft?
One question -- do you really not feel any shame for repeating the 9th grade 6 times?
...searching only the ocean...???...why not check on land...???...I guess not everyone has seen "Lost"???...just saying...
Gone in 30 seconds. Pun aside, i pray for the souls that have rested in peace.
When I first heard about the plane, I thought about "Left Behind." Then I remembered the rapture wouldn't have likely taken everyone in the plane. Honestly, though, I thought maybe......... May all those souls rest in peace.
apparently the plane was hijacked at 35000ft and exploded at a lower altitude
Did North Korea have something to do with this?
This should bring all the right-wing-nuts out with new conspiracy theories---Must be Obama's fault.
Maybe you know who did it?
THIS BOEING JET DID JUST NOT DISINTEGRATE INTO THIN AIR..... PERIOD,
this was a terrorist attack. no doubt. the group that will claim responsibility are planning an escape. its just a matter of time before we get chatter. the Chinese don't play around. this is clearly retaliation for the Chinese muslim problems
I told all of you. It's a terrorist attack ! No plane simply disappears. There are MULTIPLE controls which would allow at LEAST a radio transmission for a few minutes. Think people...
So you people want ne to believe 2 "Muslims" blew up a plane mid flight .. then cleaned it all up when they were done. How nice of them
Disintegrated??? Really??!!! This huge airliner and all the people just POOF! Disintegrated. Oh, #$%$!!!
it's not like it was flying over the Bermuda Triangle, so how does a plane just disappear ? Aliens ?
must have been an unimaginable explosion- passengers were drinking coffee, playing on their IPADs, stretching their legs, listening to music with their headphones, - then wham !
Another mysterious "event" that will never be solved...
Stolen Passports were allow on the plane? How can one be more stupid or blind?
a woman was able to board flights to Hawaii with a invalid boarding pass. she was only discovered when the ticked passanger showed up.
hurry up the few survivors are running out of air.
the fish wont want china food for awhile
Is an Asian person with a western countries passport really that uncommon?
Did anyone check the pilots licence?
Hopefully he was an organ donor.
1st. investigate the two who lost their passport to see if there is a connection 2nd. how many people working at the airport were involved in this crime??? 3rd. how many more people were involved? 4th. why no one check the stole passports?? 5th. Why did they kill so many Chinese???
Man made catastrophe inocents killed who is resposibe
Im not buying this story just like Im not buying the box-cutters story... Guess I'll have to wait until more information becomes exposed, just another conspiracy
For the loved ones, the worst this whole ordeal is not knowing what, how and why had happened. Until then, every minute is pure torture.
"..Italian and Austrian passports with Asian faces...". Why is that strange? Try that with U.S. passports.
I think it's in North Korea... Just throwing that out there...
So you... Figure that the info you get on TV and on the internet is "reliable" ? Eh?
i do see some major lawsuits coming ,this could have been avoided if they checked all passports,to see if they were stolen ,such a lose of life,and so easy to check passports,families lost loved ones
this is LOST!! all over again.. ( only problem i never did understand that show) but i do feel for the families and people on board..
Who cares about some STUPID TV show
Why were the names of the people, that had their passports stolen, not flagged in a no fly system so if their pass ports were used???? They would be scrutinized before getting on the plane not seconds after the plane falls from the sky.
"...Can't these immigration officials think...". They certainly do but only in the case of normal people, they think and think and grill and drill with all kinds of non-sense questions and suspicions. They let the bad guys get through without a single question.
that also means the people could have bee strapped in their seats free falling outside the aircraft for about 40 long seconds before they died
If the plane broke apart at 35,000 feet,they would have died of lack of oxygen way before they ever hit the ground or water...
Remarkable how these passenger's flying today are just so blase about the whole thing......If it were me I'd be very nervous.
Could, might have, possibly, why do these "journalists" always proffer conjecture? Because this is the age of emotion, not fact.
Maybe it went off the radar to land some place they haven't looked for yet.
that would have to be one hell of a bomb to make that plane disappear like that
It was- a big FART bomb!
This story is so untrue....How could a plane disintegrate in mid air without there being any debris left over. There were also people inside of it. The press is starting to make this sound like a Science Fiction movie.
simple as this towel heads took over and the fbi got informed and it was shot down and desinigrated
enough of this BS mitigated speech. there was an explosion at 35K feet. Period. What is this nonsense mitigated speech of "disintergration" and other PC PR mumbo jumbo
Their pre - flight & back round check on people can't be too good ! After it happen , They send in NTSB and FBI in ? Do 239 passengers , Have " Heath insurance ? "
Your comment makes no sense. FBI and NTSB are standard on any US crash, and likely were requested because of their expertise in accident investigation. In this case, there are the additional factors of a US-built aircraft (Boeing) and the irregularities in the passports. Health insurance? What on earth does that have to do with it???
1950 - Actually no. The NTSB is the standard (and always the lead, with the exception of Flight 800, which was an illegal grab of power). The FBI is -only- called in if there is suspicion by the NTSB that a crime has occurred.
The jet is floating in the middle of nowhere in space right now...scary
You are wasting our oxygen. Scary
Triple 7 is a tough, tough, Airframe. They don't come apart easy. Watch the China air crash.
Sounds like a cover up.......There would be stuff floating other then a door. The seats, Bodies, Air Bags, something would be on the water other then a door.
sounds like there was a bomb on the plane. from one second to the other second B A M
Last seen by radar at 35,000 feet. Does anyone know how high a plane has to be to avoid radar? Could it be that the plane climbed out of range of radar and flown to a remote air strip with no radar present? Maybe these people are alive and will be held for ransom. Perhaps too many movies seen here. LOL
It CANT climb out of radar range, even if it reaches space! . It could fly UNDER the radar, mere feet off the ocean.
THE PLANE MIGHT GET INTO ORBIT
it flown through an aurora borealis, and then disappeared is the likely scenario
There should be floating pieces,even at 35,000 feet...........The shuttle had pieces at 200,000 feet,when it went down
the fish are singing "it's raining men"
Only if the fish are gay.
someone moved the Bermuda triangle, or its the less noted Asian 1 i don't know the name of
It must have been the people that shot down that plane over PA on 9/11... How crazy is THAT!
the right wing nuts are claiming Obama and the NSA got it !
This reminds me of the TV show "Lost".
Latest news I received from Intergalactica constellation of Orion, air malaysia's plane have been retrieved for observation, progress on planet earth, two aliens were on board the vessl, to coordinate, transfer to outer space. Possible scenario?????????????? for Hollywood movie. The real cause of disappearance, will be substantiated only with hard evidence proof.....
Alex "triple cheeseburger" Jones will be saying that the Gov't shot it down and this was a False Flag. Alex Jones = horse's a___
MAYBE SOMEONE ON BOARD WITH OBAMA OR HILLARY TRUTH DAMAGE, AGAIN....THEY ORDER THE DEATHS OF ANYONE THEY CHOOSE!!
Another idiot blaming President Obama for this. Do you blame him because you are stupid?
ROGER-PULL YOUR HEAD OUT OF THE BROWN KENYAN!!
It was shot down. New weapon technology. Why else would there be no mayday? Hard to call for help when you get your butt blown up by a missile.
so a missile is "new weapon technology"??
yes. missiles are new weapon technology. they develop new ones everyday
Just an observation: Every Malaysian named except for one has a muslim name.
You don't suppose that could be because they ARE Muslims, do you. Duh!
My point being muslims continue to terrorize the world dipsit
Maybe an alligator jumped up out of the ocean and ate the airplane??
highly possible, given all the radioactive water outta Fukushima, probably a mutant one, cpl hundred feet long, similar to Godzilla....but with wings
Tell the people who lost loved ones to their face that islam is "just another religion". I dare you.
Our Dicktator is spyin' on the whole world by internet and phones, but our satellites can't see shit...figures
Don't worry, cause #$%$ all look the same DEAD.
corrected and doctored flight path radar tracking stolen pass ports and Iranians supposedly an entire group of the NWO RFID chip monkeys on board Quite the mystery Iranian attack?? CIA Hit on said Iranians?? Bankster rebellion at the chip makers??
Better to explode at 35,000 feet than to ride that sucker down into the ocean.
I would think if it was terrorist related they would be too cowardly to let it go down into the ocean...... Such a sad story.
The hidden truth, you can either believe this or not, but this aircraft was shot down by a North Korean missal. The news is being kept secret to allow time for a response.
you need to learn to spell missile - it's not missel
Well damn, if some random dude on the internet says so, it's gots ta be true. No need to look at a map and notice it was nowhere near North Korea...
Just like all the planes "disintegrated" on 9/11? How come planes only tend to "disintegrate" when there are suspicious muslims aboard? Either someone's trying to hide evidence, or an actual bomb went off. That's the only way planes full on disintegrate.
NO TERRORIST GROUP CLAIM YET...SO IT WAS NOT THE CASE...HOW ABOUT MISSLE...? MISTAKEN SHOT DISINTEGRATED PLANE FROM 35,000FEET...PLANE COULD NOT BLOW UP ITSELF...
For all of you conspiracy theorists, the plane is parked next to United 93.
PRAY GOD Neptune keep these people safe until the rescue submarines arrive.
I feel like the biggest possibility is designigration due to metal fatigue.or maintence errors
Leslie Neilsen: "Please disburse... nothing to see."
THEY CHECK PASSENGERS LIKE CRAZY, NOW DOING FULL BODY SCANS, REMOVING SHOES, PUTTING OUR LITTLE BOTTLES IN A ZIP LOG BAG, THROWING AWAY OUR WATER BOTTLES, ECT..... AND THEN THEY THEMSELVES DON'T CHECK WITH A COMPUTER SOME SIMPLE ADMINISTRATIVE RECORD!!!!!!!! PROOF THAT TSA IS BS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey moron, while I would be the first to want to get rid of the TSA I feel the need to point out to you how #$%$ stupid you are. This was a Malaysian flight, not a flight from the United States, so the TSA wasn't involved in any checks as their country has their own security.
Cockpit doors are the only thing that has made any difference.
Muslims !!!!!!!! We must wipe out the Muslims and these problems will be solved
but there will still be the problem of you
my money is still on one or both of the muzzie pilots bringing it straight down
Even less proof plane was NOT attacked, so what's your point, you Obama deniers....
Robert is one of those wackos that blame everything on Obama, even his 40 IQ.
Just wasting his life away sitting at his PC day in day out just to write disparaging remarks. So sad.
TWO THINGS ALL PEOPLE OF THE WORLD HAVE IN COMMON. Love and sorrow. I should be President.
What about the black box? Wonder why they cant find that?
Seriously? They kinda have to find the freaking PLANE before they can locate the black box.
The whole plane was abducted by a huge alien spacecraft !
THEY KNOW WHERE THE PINGER IS PLEASE DO NOT LEAD THE READERS ON.
Just really seems that there should be seat cushions???? luggage???? and other debris floating somewhere?????? one door??? and an oil slick,,, Where is the rest!!!!!
Luggage does not float. If it was trapped in the fuselage, then they won't float up. Are you people that dumb??
question. are these families able to sue the airline for their loss?
Of course - lawyers were the first responders!
where will we ever find 3 hundred orientals to replace them!
the only one I hope they fine is the white American in nobody else
The somalian pirates are getting bold these days...Piracy has taken to the air. I bet they got highjacked and the plane landed in africa.
I'm sticking with my theory that they flew into a temporal vortex and ended up somewhere in the year 2414.
BOMB WAS ON PLANE THATS WHY THERE WERE NO COMMUNICATION BLACK BOX IS GONE DESTROYED NO SIGNAL
Black boxes survive impacts from 5 plus miles high, but they wouldn't survive an on board explosion?
It's racist to only look for black boxes. They should look for WHITE BOXES, TOO!!!
They have a better chance of finding Obama's birth certificate than finding this plane....
Never has there been a Jet that crashed into the ocean without one pillow or cushion floating to the surface. Many things onboard that plane should float. It would be a 2 mile long trail of shoes and cushions. It is kind of crazy. Bodies dont always float right away after death. But there should be something.
You mean the Air France fight from Rio to Paris never crashed, either?
There were 4 bodies found right away! The black box and the wreckage was not found do to weather and depth until later. I don't mind explaining more for those simple minded folks.
You mean "right awa"y, as in the plane crashed on June 1, and the bodies were found on June 6?. How long has it been since this flight crashed?
PS, it was 2 bodies, not 4.
Your an idiot! On 2 June at 15:20 (UTC), a Brazilian Air Force Embraer R-99A spotted wreckage and signs of oil. It was found within a few hours.
P.S. Look both ways before crossing. Thats the last time I give you any help.
You: "There were 4 bodies found right away!" Me: "bodies were found on June 6" (Documentation: "Early on 6 June 2009, five days after Flight 447 disappeared, two male bodies, the first to be recovered from the crashed aircraft, were brought on board the corvette Caboclo") You (changing your argument): "On 2 June at 15:20 (UTC), a Brazilian Air Force Embraer R-99A spotted wreckage and signs of oil. It was found within a few hours." Me, right now: That isn't what you said, stupid. You said "there were 4 bodies found right away. " Now, you are changing your line of argument to the spotting of oil from the air. You understand this is a totally different thing, right?
Should be something is what I said you nut job! Are you nuts? Maybe locked up in prison somewhere? Lets hope because your crazy. I bet you lie to yourself to convince yourself your not crazy.
LEGAL AMERICANS-DEMAND ONLY> 'NO MUSLIMS' FLIGHTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YOU IDIOTS AT SECURITY...HOW DARE YOU LET MUSLIMS ON PLANES-LET ALONE MUSLIMS WITH STOLEN PASSPORTS!! YOU ASKED FOR THIS!!!
Quit erasing my comments, you stupid gay writers/editors at Yahoo!
"They" Blew it up! "Question?" Who Were The Americans on board? FAKE Passports and they KNOW they were FAKE before they have found any remains? How can this happen??? WELL @OD DAMN! "They knew they were FAKE before they entered the plane! If NOT, WHY DO THEY KNOW THEY ARE FAKE NOW?? 9-11 "They" "found" IDs on the ground after the plane BLEW UP and burnt a building to collapse! The plastic ID didn't burn up? DO "THEY" THINK "WE" ARE FOOLS, like them? AMERICA! How stupid are "YOU" today? You keep buying "their" BS! "They" keep stealing "YOUR" TAX DOLLARS! "THEY" use your tax dollars to buy the votes of the WORTHLESS POOR! AND! The worthless poor now OUTNUMBER YOU! How can you fight this coup? You can't! "YOUR" vote no longer counts! "THE WORTHLESS POOR" will always VOTE FOR MORE! MORE OF "OUR" TAX DOLLARS! "They win! WE lose! "Thank you KENYAN POS!
Holy shIt!!! Go take your meds!
if they blew it up, there would be a 20 mile long debris field....
They know the passports are fake because they contacted the next of kin/family and discovered 1) they were alive 2) had notified their relevant authorities their passports were stolen.
Craig last time I checked aluminum sinks in sea water! Jet fuel released at 35,000 feet evaporates and disperses on the 7 mile fall through the atmosphere! What do you think happened to the 777? Aliens? Illegal aliens possibly!
what if they did not go into the sea? maybe they somehow landed and skidded into a forest and that's why they can't see the plane!
We knew the names of ALL pilots in the planes involved in 9-11 while they were still in the air. But it "wasn't an inside job"................................Yea, RIGHT.
No doubt, sadly this will be a future show on Ancient Aliens....
American: What's Malaysia? That's a country? Whatever, it ain't us so who gives a #$%$
There were 3 Americans on that plane you IDIOT ! Read the article if you can !
Why cannot confirm what happened to this Malasia jet in this advanced modern space scentific age. Finally they found a chance to say anything that passangers of stolen passport
Boeing 777 don't just 'disappear'. Nobama knows.
that plane went to a chinese "chop shop" and will be "parted out" and sold on the "yellow market"
people need to wake up.. reports out of asia say it was a north korean missle
Would not surprise me blaming them for it.
Look on the bright side. They never have to pay for a nursing home.
so many anonymous pigs posting their excremental smartasseness here
they are only aspiring to be more like you.
Plane lost power? Gps off. Plane tried to turn back on emrgency power. Lower altitude, dump fuel, landed 250 miles from where they are searching in the water. Still floating...
I thought they broke up after Shankar left?
* we don't know yet, hope its just an accident....however IF THIS WAS AN ATTACK PROBABLY IT WAS DONE BY DEVIL-AMERICA* 1. Devil-america can creat more terror so that we will believe in the greatest deception of our time which was 9-11 attack.....If the plane will not be seen its really a well planed terror by devil-america. 2. If the stolen passport where the terrorist,,chances are they where greatly trained by devil-america with a support team, so they can have an escape before they will let the bomb explode which might be really the latest of american killing technology. 3. Devil-america could also used another of their technology of deception which made this machines an able to detect the bomb sent probably through many passengers...and devil-america have many ways to connect people in campanies. ** WE ARE NOT SURE YET....BUT LETS BE GUIDED ACCORDING TO OUR GENERATION........THE GREATEST DECEPTION OF OUR TIME IS THE 9-11 ATTACK CREATED BY DEVIL-AMERICA IN PARTNERSHIP WITH BIN LADEN**
Dude you are an total idiot.
Anyone check to see if the Dharma Initiative has any operations nearby?
If I'd have said, "Let's hope that they had "Jesus" with them, the liberals would be mocking me. But If I'd said, let's pray that they had "Obama-Care", they'd be screaming "Right On!" and "Alright! Alright! "Alright". Luck you Fiberals!
I think everyone is mocking you for that post more than anything.
The disappearance of a Malaysian jetliner is an "unprecedented mystery", ARE THE IDIOTS AT YAHOO TELLING US THAT THIS IS THE FIRST TIME THAT, initially, only an oil slick can be seen???????????????????????????????????/ do they have 8 year old kids writing this stuff ???
OK, OK, this is getting weird.....
With this small head of mine i strongly afirm that these people are still alive,lets just pray hard that they return to there homes safe and sound
Why couldn't this have happened to putins private plane ?
No chem trail, no debris trail, no explosion signature picked up by US satelites, and no GPS signature from the undestructable BLAck Box. Must be the Democrat Party that are racist towad your children, asian americans.
The flash of light you saw in the sky was not a U.F.O. Swamp gas from a weather balloon was trapped in a thermal pocket... and refracted the light from Venus.
Relocating blacks to ASIA is necessary says BARBARA SPECTER head jewish leader
pirates took it, it will be up for ransom, or, used in a nefarious muslim way soon.......
they only had 7 1/2 hours of fuel.....you're not using the proper pound test line on your fishing expedition!
Muslim Country......YES......High Percentage Young Muslim Men Onboard....YES........Characteristic's And Profile of Previous Muslim Attacks....YES....Previously Stolen Passports .......YES.....is Muslim Terrorism a Strong Suspect in this case by Authorties,Aviation Analysts,the Media and general public?.......YES.......TWA800...Air France ...Others Vanishing quickly..Hmmmm?
They should make a movie about terrorism on an airplane......OH THEY DID ALREADY.....JUST WHAT THE BRAIN ROTS NEED TO WATCH!!!!
lol idiots thumbing down my correct statement. you are the kind of morons that believe anything
I hate it when I'm always right
I fly at lesat once a year. Find this to be one amazing, and crazy case. Sad.
I find it perfectly normal according to the laws of aeronomics and Newton. But I flew in the Air Force for 8 years and this really isn't THAT unusual. For a commercial aircraft, yes. But not considering ALL aircraft. And it's always sad.
Maybe they flew into a wormhole.
maybe it ran out of gas?
yes, because they forgot to fuel up before take off and the gas gauge is not working.
The pilots names have been reported: Ho Lee Chit and Sum Ting Wong.
This is jus another example of the USA or some other nation shooting down a plane n then feeding us dome #$%$ propaganda
Put a Muslim womans pic up? They're victims too. I feel so sorry for Muslims.
Also the three American women on board. :(
THERE IS NO MYSTERY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THE PLANE IS HIJACKED WILL BE USED IN ANOTHER ATTACK ON AMERICAN INTERESTS OR EVEN THE HOMELAND GET THE FUKE REAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your Tin-Foil hat has been recalled!
hopefully they landed in a jungle and everyone is OK, enjoying mother nature....
I wonder if Palin had anything to do with this? Oh, wait she's too dumb..
They never found the jet engines from the Pentagon attack! Then there was that plane that went into the swamp in FL. Little was left of that. The Air France flight. Now a plane that may have gone into the ocean, hmm? I am surprised that the US has stated they did not send subs into the area to passively search for the ping from the black boxes. Hmm, yeah right!?!?
We need a new government agency here in the USA to protect us from those aliens! No kidding. I just learned yesterday that California actually, believe this, actually has an "Office of Problem Gambling Behaviors" ..... Yep. The government has actually funded an office with probably a 100 do-nothing public employees... all pushing paper... and telling us what everyone knows... that gambling is a problem.
Obama might of brought them in with out anyone knowing it
Do you mean "might have," genius?
I for one will wait to find out the facts ! all this other news is just selling news !
no mater what happens Obama is never wrong he is god but I call him hitlet
Didn't anyone see LOST?! Come on people!
Some trigger happy NRA did it using a Big gun....He's claiming 'stand your ground' err, air.
at lease there was only one white American on there that is the only one I feel for
Can anyone be more hateful than you.
Jews are calling in back up here
Now the Jews of Malaysia are framing you, Akhmed?
There's ONLY One Answer for The Downed 777.......That GADDDAMMM IDIOT BUSH is 100% to Blame
Are you really Obama posting on here again scott?
Hey, he's got to make his ten cents.
Sad for all the families. But maybe it hit a UFO? It's happened before! God Bless.
Malaysian Airlines, Oceanic Airlines..... What could it be? What's going on?? Is there a cover-up??? Stay tuned..... This time it better be aliens, god dam it!!
This is almost something in a James Bond movie.
maybe it's like the magic schoolbus. It shrunk down and went up kim jong un's b-hole and is roaming around in his guts on an adventure.
IF MALAYISIA REALLY CARED, THEY WOULD HAVE DONE SOMETHING THE DEATH OF THEIR LOVED ONES. THATS WHY AMERICANS HATE THE AISIAN COUNTRIES, BECAUSE THEY DON'T CARE !!!
Malaysia happens to be the home of the Patronas Towers (which happens to be the tallest TWIN TOWERS in the world)... and the plane may have turned back an hour into the flight....where have we heard that before?
the wtcs werent hit by planes
b33920, and all the rest of them
Vin -A yes they were I saw it live on T.V.
So have the men in black showed up yet.
The two people with stolen passports were Iranians...according to Interpol...and the plane was making a u turn just before it disappeared from the radar screen...
These are facts..why the thumbs down u wenie...
I hope those "muzz limbs" are enjoying their 72 prepubescent boys in heaven right about now...everyone knows how Mohammed loves the naked boys
Probably had a gremlin on the wing....
People these are the last days, remember we are told of the rapture taking place in the last days...(Beyond reason doubt i think this is just the begining of th rapture!!)
The only rupture around here is your brain
Maybe you should kill yourself and avoid the rush.
Be careful Mr. Noble: In the US you would be guilty of "Racial Profiling" if you questioned an Asian looking person with an Italian or Austrian name. Billy Bob Mussilini and Robbie Roy Swartzeneger are just normal all-around world travelers 'round heah". The democrats of the US will have you skewered and pig-roasted.
Lets face it, the plane got hijacked so the military shot it down.
You seem like you might be a brainless right wing idiot.
I bet Burruck Obonga had a jet shoot down the plane, blame it on terrorists, then use it as an excuse to justify the NSA.
It will end up being the MUSLIMS, you wait and see, these are the savage animals#$%$ of the modern world!!
I thought the word "Disintegrated" only allowed to use in movies.......
Once again,.....leave it to Yahoo,....((not that other news teams haven't ever done the same type of crud)) I just read this article, and even as a complete "bystander" ,..((As in, I do not have any relation to any of these people in this nightmare of an incident, other than, I am a compassionate human))....,..and in my reading, I can feel my own heart sink,...darkened and heavy by this tragedy, the unknown, the mystery, the lack of closure. I literally, feel sick to my stomach and am completely filled with empathy for all those involved,.......AND here comes Yahoo with,,...."Shares in Malaysia Airlines fell as much as 18 percent to a record low on Monday morning",........ Yahoo,.....that's not only disgusting but disrespectful, and should not have been mentioned in such a horrific story at this time of people's worry, sorrow, saddness and heartbreak!!!!.
Yahoo didn't write the article. Reuters did. Yahoo simply picked up the feed.
So sorry for your loss of loved ones ! May they rest in peace !
why do only pilots get a parachute?
There are two americans on flight it means no terrorism.
can those who are searching for the Airplane also need to check beyond the normal flying level in space, you never know may the plane is floating somewhere there and the pilots can’t get down. It may sound funny but let look at it that way. Because the plane have about 35,000 ft mummmmmmmm. We praying for all the families whose love one are on board the plane
Maybe the plane broke the sound barrier and went back in time. That makes more sense then this disintegration nonsense.
I think the right wing was defective and outdated
You mean your head is defective and outdated.
China probably shot it down because it got to close to some of the islands its trying to steal
China is trying to steal anything of any value at all in the South China Sea. Apparently you failed geography
The plane went missing over the Gulf of Thailand between Malaysia and Vietnam, not anywhere near islands claimed by China. You might consider picking up a map next time before posting nonsense.
lets see...short brown face men.....with passports of white faced men? immigration people at the airport guy a big bribe for that.......somebody has splaning to to do......
Maybe the plane was hi-jacked to be used in another terrorist attack.
I love how the media is trying to stoke the fires of terrorism. "Oh did you hear? One of the passengers had a criminal record! Must have been terrorism!".....
People not doing their job correctly and now it cost 239 lives...........those who allowed these two to get through security should be charged with the death of all these passengers
Maylasian minister muslim Hussien lets passengers on plane with stolen passports. Then plane disapears. We all know what happened. Tell obama to stop sending these muslim terrorists money we borrowed from china!
dear boeing change your brand Boeing 666
i'm tired i'm making joke on this accident, nothing personal i just want to entertain those victims family. my condolence and sympathy for those who chosen to dead by god
so this is what were supposed to be sad about this week? boo hoo
and so you think pointing that out will have any impact on me?
We care about Muslims in Malaysia because......?
Because, unlike you, they are human beings.
One time on TV i saw 5 or 6 otters take out an alligator---- maybe it was a pack of otters??
Doesn't it seem like if it "disintegrated at 35,000 feet" there would be a lot of debri on the ocean instead of none...?
I don't know if you've ever noticed, but the ocean is pretty huge, and has a tendency to allow things to sink or drift. Never mind how far things have spread out from initially dispersing 35000 feet up. There may be dozens if not hundreds of itty bitty things floating in the vicinity of the door spotted, but when you're surveying from hundreds of feet up, the're pretty much invisible.
THEORY: another muslim extremist/fanatic group testing an explosive devise that can get through most security screenings.
the alligator wanted some china food
shot down just like Flight 800
Yeah but they found that plane.
Who the heck keeps giving me a thumbs up? Do I have a "jet may have" stalker?
God be with them! They are now in a far better place than this ugly world.
Yeah, well they may disagree with you on that one...
The only way to get a TSA worker to stop being a creep is to act like you like it when they touch your junk and make groaning noises and wink a them...they will stop right away!
Maybe the NSA knows what happen but we can thank Snowden for sealed lips.
Every article is speculations not even facts yet. They may this that. They may have found the door of the plane..I mean huh? Nothing certain
Sounds like a bomb or other explosion!!
Really. Disintegrated...for real.. don't you think they could be a little more specific in their report? Come on, that could mean almost anything!!!!
after three days they are running out of food and drink on the plane. getting serious.
I wanna buy stocks while there low
Hey Punk they can't be any lower than you.
You should worry more about your grammar!!! IDIOT!!
That plane mustve been made in China to have burned up like that
Müssen wir uns vielleicht ausrotten alle chinesischen!
Maybe the pilot had Downs Syndrome-- and was able to fool everyone for 26 years?
are you sure there wasnt any middle easterns on that flight( check that list again) there has to be a mohamed on it
Might have run head on into someones stinking drone.
Now if only a drone would run into you. You stinking sack of feces.
a black person or a mex or a chinaman did to try in get reid of the whites
@greg...dude YOU should be found and STRUNG up from the nearest tree.........
Well maybe the plane did.nt crash maybe it was highjacked and landed some place. just a thought.
wake up LEGAL AMERICANS>>>>>>DEMAND 'NO MUSLIMS' FLIGHTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What about the object moving at a high rate of spped headed toward the plane before it was lost? Can you say missle?
hey obama....did the plane crash as a result of an anti-islamic video?......or was it Bush's fault?
the burning off of the fuel means shorter flight..if they were in distress they would've went down shortly and close..if they burned the fuel off. minimizes risk of explosion.???????
"Unprecedented mystery..." BOOLSHEET!! I'll bet it's right under their fuggin' noses! That's just an excuse FOR THEIR BUMBLING INCOMPETENCE!! Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Asians are great at math, lousy with directions.
This is the reason why I refuse to fly.....
Everybody is 'still' assumimg!!! 4.019 times,,and counting!! Thank You
C O V E R U P
What could terrorist's possibly want from the g~o~o~k~s??? RICE? They have no power!
mid-air collusion with one of those fighter jets.
No doubt the handywork of mossad agents.....
Whip Whitaker ( Denzel ) would of landed this bird even on cocaine.
Would of landed? Guess write English properly is not one of your strong points.
Consider if you will flight MH37 239 people lost one hour after take off ….
Total "conspiracy", "false flag", "black flag", "pink polka dot flag" operation and somehow, someway Hillary and Obama planned it via a late night poker game on the coffin of Jimmy Hoffa.
Hey, by now that Airbus has a new coat of paint with new numbers and is being sold to the highest bidder from the underworld. The people will most likely be released when the time is right and the money is agreed upon. Logic is logic. Nothing else makes sense. Law enforcement will be surprised at the simplicity of the plot. They are so lost. Fer sure.
An Airbus? Must be too much air space between your ears...
Okay Mr. Brains, what do you think makes an air ship disappear. If no one made it disappear, than it would appear somehow, somewhere as a wreck at the very least. Nothing at all after all this time. Can you explain. Fer sure you can't cause you got to much brain matter. Your head is to big to make any sense of anything. Fer sure. Ha ha ha...
M U S L I M S
One time on TV i saw 5 or 6 otters take out an alligator---- maybe it was a Pack of Otters??
The only thing they found less of is that it wasn't attacked.
what about N.Korea? that guy wanna a show up!
THE PLANE MIGHT GET INTO ORBIT
A thick caulk. In my mouth. A splendid eruption. That is all.
You have your husbands what in your mouth? Causing him to have a splendid eruption in your mouth... So nice of you to share this with us all...
I bet this place was hijacked by space Aliens because they want to steal Alreday obsolete Boeing Technology
"the plane already crashed. what difference does it make?".........hillary clinton
u.s. navy has large ray weapons. what does other militaries have. what does those ray weapons do and cause?
They know where the plane is. They're just using this "mystery" to search for oil in the Gulf of Thailand.
How about a sub in that area or one of those treasure finding ships?They have NASA tech to get R done.
Governments spy in our bedrooms and know the velocity of wet dreams. Go figure they (collectively) struggle locating a freakin' jet - loaded with noodle -slurpin' travelers.
Accidentally gave a thumbs up.....your last sentence is rude and unnecessary.
Its scary world we live in..
number 1 track cell phones number 2 it was shot down cause of terrorists on the plane
you really don't have to numer your points, it just weakens the intellectual impact of the argument.
How about they just ran out of gas?
"Hey Ahmed, did you fill up back in Kuala Lumpur?" "Let me check…uh-oh…"
The guys name who wrote this article is Ngyun Phuong Linh, hiwarious, bet he's 5'4" with glasses and black hair with a bowl cut.
well aren't you the smart one. Linh is a woman's name.
Have you seen the honor guards of Vietnam? They are on the average above 6' and make dignitaries look short when they are reviewing them. Just check yahoo pictures again.
Money Linh is not a name, it's something people say with a mouthful Poker are you sure that wasn't their national basketball team?
Nope, not their national basketball team because they can hit bullseyes with precision from their rifles.
Maybe they pull double duty, I've never seen a 6' chinamen, either very short or grossly too tall
I'm 6' and weight 200 lbs. Do you want to talk about ring fight MMA style?
If you're a chinamen then yes, leg kicks don't scare me and everyone knows chinamen can neither take or throw a punch
leg kicks? Do you even know what MMA means? I did juijitsu with a 350lbs american guy and came out with no problem and you're talking about leg kicks.
Chinamen are very proficient at leg kicks and very little else. I would DDT you then Pile Drive you right into the mat, booyah
Pile Drive? You watch to much of those fake wwe wrestling stuffs, moron. In the real fight, I break your back with one throw and twisted your arms into pretzels before you can scream help.
By the way, Whoomp, why do leg kicks when I can do balls kick?
Not if I use the Crane Technique, you'd go down like a Chinese 777
HAHAHA, Crane Technique. And you making fun of leg kicks?
I would finish you, no tap out for you, you'll be sorry
I trained with Ho Chi Minh
Ok, you win but don't cross my path again because I won't be peaceful. if you want to meet in Ho Chi Minh city, it's fine too.
I knew you'd see it my way, 6' foot tall chinamen, no way
still 6' if you want to meet anywhere in thailand or vietnam.
;by the way, the new census just post on Yahoo the other day said average american male is 5'9" and weights about 194lbs. That's still small for me. If you want to look it up, just check an article "Are you above average?"
You couldn't pay me enough to go anywhere near Asia, disgusting little people. Come to the new world and I'll bust you so hard your eyes will open all the way
Pokerhand, as a fellow Asian, can you please stop? everyone here knows that Whoomp is just toying with you and trying to #$%$ asians off, and here you are taking it seriously.
Stay out of this Teddy, round eye impaired chinamen
don't respond the Whoomp. he's just another idiot trying to stir things up by making racist comments.
WOW I don't know why but today God made me believe the wings failed on that plane and now I just read they smashed the wings 2 years ago. I'd be looking at the last radar to see if it went strait down
common sense told me the wings or motors messed up. kinda obvious the plane didn't stay intact.
All that matters now is how China will react.
Then why no debris has floated to the surface as of yet????
Some body is going to blame Bush for this...............
Again, the comments being made proves that most posters on Yahoo are morons.
the only one we need to rember is the white American
But if that "white" American had been you, I would hope NO ONE would give a #$%$.
"Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces"...That's the most racial quote I've heard in a while..not acceptable when its coming from an official like that...
It is obvious that Julian Versace is not a Chinese name.
Conservatives demand an attack on any oil-rich nation to retaliate for this!
the only problem with the bomb theory is--there were no demands made, no credit taken. usually these two things take first BEFORE blowing up a plane.
@Dee - Maybe they never got time to even show themselves while on-board to make demands. Maybe it was an accidental firing of the bomb (a defective bomb)
for all those who put a thumbs down--rarely does a terrorist put a bomb on a plane without previous rhetoric or threats. there may be demands for money, freeing of prisoners etc. but they never explode the plane before making those demands
Early reports state that the pilot, Wi Tu Lo, and copilot, Ho Lee #$%$, made distress calls shortly before vanishing off radar.
Pilots name was Sum Ting Wong
Where is Jack Bauer when we needed him? Isn't there like 200 cell phones on that flight? They can't all be damaged from the crash.
This one is square on the Democrats in America and Progressives in the UN for not allowing Profiling
Do you know what happen when a flying capsule traveling at 600mp/h hits the water head on...? It melts....!
Disintegrated at around 35,000 feet?!?!? I think it was blown up in the sky probably by a new military weapon.
If a tree falls in the woods and no one is there to hear is, does it make a sound?
other than a bomb what would disintegrate a plane
As A republican party member, I think that Mrs Palen is a disgrace to the party and she should be expell, she lacks education and comon sense. She does make us look like clouns.
Was is strucked by lightning and got sent back to the year 1885?
I believe the pilot's name was Sum Ting Wong
There is wit, and there is idiocy. You are the latter. A particularly putrid and puke inducing kind.
this was terrorism! The left so wants to protect their Muslim brethren
This makes me want to play mortal combat.
none of them means nothing to me the only one I feel for is the white american
Like Most Americans and you people want to know why you are the most hated in the world????? you are all dumb sheep.
I thought planes had a Indestructible GPS Tracking Blackbox?
nope. just a coleman tackle box.
i know what happened. but i wont tell
If those three Americans on board were spy agents - their "goose will certainly be cooked" so to speak. Pity though to have jeopardised the lives of these poor innocent passengers.
Is it actually physically painful to be as stupid as you are???
Commenter!!! Is it actually painful to be as CLOWN-LIKE & nothing but a piece of GARBAGE as you are now and shall always be???
Another bermuda triangle??? Wormhole disintegrated at the atmosphere???? Kinda eerie. Prayers to all of them. WHERE are debris??? Oh gawd so many want to know....so tragic!!!!
Well it was God's will. All a part of His plan.
The world may want you to believe that it's the big, bad, muslim terrorists..But, It's not. I'm more afraid of America & China's agenda!
All I needed to see were the two names of the pilots and I got my answer of what happened
I guess the fact that names like that are common in Malaysia don't matter. And that Islamic terrorists are not common in that part of Asia.
Maybe it's time to start believing Stephen Hawkin's theory that black holes are ubiquitous throughout the universe..
This plane exploded at 35,000 feet. Allah Akbar: All Muslims need to die!
It may have been brought down by a heat seeking missile . I hope that's not the case.
Do planes not have gps? I found my iPhone in the middle of NYC after a long night of drinking using gps and they can't find a plane?
Don't discount the suicidal pilot putting the plane into a nose dive
Maybe they turned around and went to Taco Bell?
For once keep your #$%$ comments to yourself.
I wonder if the North Koreans shot it down? Seems like something they would do.
They're living on borrowed time on an uncharted "invisible" island...life imitating art?!!!?
why waste tax dollars on these slanty eyed losers. Declare them dead and move on.
there were people from about a dozen different countries on that plane.
anyone dumb enough to visit that craphole, deserves to die.
Maybe Bigfoot was the pilot, and we all know that Bigfoot probably can't properly fly a plane....
Really? Congrats. you qualify for the stupidest post on the internet.
Can't they use ships and submarines with sonar to find this plane?Cant the air traffic controllers pinpoint where they last had contact with the plane?.
Well it's a rather large area and they are using sonar. They will find it, but it takes time.
Vaporized by North Korea. #$%$! little Kim was playing with the weapons again
They serve Gulf shrimp to the guests at the White House.
the families of the pssengers were told to expect the worst, who told them by the way, the chinese. Maybe the chinese knew what happened.
searchung for jet? or do they mean airliner?
mind bugling. if its a fast stiff dive/ exploded in the air the there should be pieces wreckage. if its hijacked, can that plane get to outer space altitude, since they cant find it down below. hmmm
How long after they lost radio contact with pilot could the plane be tracked by the black box I'm thinking the plan didn't go far once they lost radio contact
Let's take a second look at the Jews follow the Money
Because the Jews have a long history of blowing up and crashing airplanes. Sure.
if they would leave it up to other people to find it instead of the govt. it would be found the saying goes keep the govt out in it will be found
I'm not losing sleep over this.
But those affected are. It is important to take all reasonable and rapid steps to find the wreckage, and start the causal investigation.
Turn off Mom's computer Jack you'll be late for school
The creators of "Lost" know where they are. Ask them where their island is located.
Does Matt ever ram his stiff pwick up Danielle's ahzss? Huh?? If so, I'll bet Danielle howls LIKE A FRIGGIN' STUCK PIG!! Heh heh heh heh heh!!!!!!!!!!!!
The pilot had to flip out and crash on land somewhere in an isolated area I would be searching over land if the sea turns nothing up
go ahead and check there, no one is stopping you
The Jet disintegrated ...NOW dry those tears and get your clothes on...this daylight savings time is going to make you Late for work!!!!
Obama had to get some chickens
I know I am sarcastic....I really do feel for the people and their families...I wish them to be found, but I fear it will not be safe and sound...I joke...because that is all I can do, or it is cry my heart out.....and neither will really help....
Perhaps he climbed way to high, and it went into orbit.
if they ever find them you guys can have Asian soup
Didn't Dr. Strangelove describe how the triggering device for the doomsday machine could be adapted for use in an anti-hijacking device?
I wonder if they're checking the open seas? If the plane took a right, it would be a ways out, not close to any land.
Pffft Simple...false flag with a polka dot flag border.
How about..... no more stories about this until we actually know something?
How sad for the families and now not being able to find debris is really adding to the mystery .
I am all for freedom of the press but when did freedom to report FACTS become the freedom to print endless packs of suppositions and outright horse dung that they can't possibly back up???
It's a slow news day...they had to write something.
This reminds me of a Twighlight Zone episode where the plane went through a rift in time
the two with the fake passport may have commandeered this plane elsewhere.
Maybe MAS defaulted on monthly installments and finance company had it re-process, will only release it when payments done???
Yahoo shut up with your stupid speculation until the voice & Instrument recorders have been located retrieved and analyzed
LOL....with no debris or plane what voice and instrument recorder are you going to find?
to all the family members who lost their loved ones, be strong !!! my herat goes out to all of you !!! I lost my wife to cancer last year... seeing her deteriorating every day for over 4 months was beyond any human being could bear.... and now I have just lost a girlfriend last week.... I wonder how is it that I'm still alive and writing this comment... i'd rather be death than alive but I have 2 kids to take care of...
@sandy, you're just self-righteous a s s h0!e that doesn't have any experience in life !!
If they cant find them at the sea try to search in the outer space probably the pilot took them there or some kind of e.t. u.f.o. Out there......... This is for some stupid people here... Be serious... Send all the ships planes equip with the sonar or some kind of high tech detection underwater. Planes are built to float for **hrs if u land it flat even without power before it sink.
Aliens. The plane has been extricated using plasmogostic telereachopathy technology. Google it. ... No results? EXACTLY. How many Google searches have NO results?!?!?
It works on the special Roogle site for "retardedGoogle".
I just signed a petition to change the name of The South China Sea to The Egg Drop Soup Sea @ flied wice . com.
If they're looking for Black Box why don't they look in Sub-Saharan Africa?
I wonder if one of the pilots hijacked the plane, dropped below radar and flew away? Stranger things have happened.
Well if nothing else it looks like there going to be a new season of lost after all!
What did pilot see that made it turn around ?
As veteran, the only way this plane could've 'disintegrated' is due to a missle attack or a high powered weapon/bomb being on board.
a plane can break up from a number of reasons, it doesnt have to be from a bomb or missile.
Allen: there's a difference between 'breaking up' and disintegrating. Please look both terms up, expecially when it comes to military terminology.
i know what the word means i think you need to look it up. It means to separate into parts or to "Break Up". -taken directly from the dictionary. Sorry the military terminology doesnt work either. I was an aircraft firefighter in the military my friend and these are terms often used in my MOS. Our sole purpose is to deal with aircraft crashes. We may disagree but you are a vet and i respect you none the less.
In other words, everyone on board turned into pork fried rice.
Brian, people like McPain would only understand the magnitude of this tragedy if he loses a loved one in a similar manner. I wanted to write that I hope it happens, but I know that I would be as big an idiot as him if I did.
whilst..I like that noble guy.smart Guy.
what are the chances of survival is the aircraft fitted with life saving devices or equipment eg for boyancy
if Russians searching it, they would already declared found(without even searching to find it), black-box retrieved, and combination causes (stolen passports, some mechanical failures, bad weathers such as sudden wind or lighting, some unknown factors reasons also) caused to airplane to dive into sea..!! but absolutely not drunk pilots having sex with stewardesses..!! so their explanations will fulfill everybody's believe and expectations to make feel everybody is right with no law suits..!!
The same thing happened to the (supposed) airliners that crashed into the Pentagon and the one that crashed in a field in PA on 9/11.
I have not herd any one say that it might have been possible that the airliner was hijacked and has been flown away, this is possible you can turn all equipment of and become undetectable for a period of time long enough to dissapear.
You can turn off transponders, you cannot turn off the radar that saw it turning around before it went away. All the Jet fuel on the water came from somewhere, It is possible that the plane lost all power, landed in the water and sank in one piece, leaving no debris.
In Africa we are blessed with prophets, prophetes, Zangoma (Witch doctors), I suggests you seek services from these expects. One popular prophet is in Nigeria, TB Joshua. Just thinking...
There's no "may have" about it. 22 planes and 40 ships can't find a single piece of debris.
"Aw right boys, let's take some pictures."
this is a hoax. the family members are complete jokes also
according to muslims, their allah god is hiding the plane for a while. so folks, everything is ok! They'll be back!
you idiot,,,the jews are the ones hiding it you dummy
Why were twenty company employees from Austin, Texas onboard? Another Philadelphia experiment!
it disintegrated just the plane that hit the pentagon ? really!!!!!!!!!! BS don't tell me a whole plane bodies and bags can't be found !!! BS
It is a big ocean dummy and if it blew up in mid air the pices would break up even more when they hit the water. It will take a lot of time and effort to find out what happened.
There was plenty debris at the pentagon, especially the wing that hit ground before the impact. I know, I was there!
Eurtyhmie Yes but that was on land here a lot of the debris sinks.
Adrian, if you are so sure you can do a better job on this, get on a plane and go over to help them with this tragic mission. They sure could use your brainpower.
Eurhythmie, I am sorry you had to be there. I left a meeting today where our president's son was one of the five in the pentagon never found. We discussed a memorial for them (parents) to go to here locally as there is no grave. God bless and so thankful you are safe :*)
@Adrian: genius and finally had to to be said!
This story really saddens me for the families, and intrigues me at the same time..I agree with what everyone says, debris? Bodies? Black box? Something! All seriousness aside, am I the only person who has thought "LOST" (as in the series) maybe they need to start checking islands!
Obama is the one the blow it up
Still not as bad as Bush being in on 9/11. After all he is big buddies with the Bin Laden's.
Sounds like some Government put a "Hit" out on it....................................
why can't these things happen over land where people on the ground can at least have a fireworks show.
To find the plane, we must think like a plane!!!!
Shi* Russians did it to take eyes of the Ukraine.
Sarah Plain prayed them out of the sky
WHY ? Why are they spending millions of dollars to find a wrecked plane and dead passengers ?
So we can figure out what happened and prevent it from happening again.
Someone knew something, so it got shot down.
This is truly amazing, who would've ever believed that Vietnam had a Navy
Anyone with more than two working brain cells. That would explain why you are amazed.
Disintegrated ? Give me a break . Is that all you have ? are we stupid or what? Next time what? it vaporized?
maybe scouring the bottom of the ocean instead of looking up top might help find some thing. maybe?
Yes because starting a search assbackwards always works.
WAS THERE ANY CELL PHONE CALL ON THE WAY DOWN??
Cell towers are still scarce in the middle of oceans.
The plane broke up violently, it is 50 below zero, there is little breathable oxygen, most passengers are dead or terribly injured, and yet someone tumbling through all this fished their phone out and made a call?
Somehow, someway...this is Obamas fault. Hahahahahah!
no evidence will EVER be found as this was an Alien Abduction
Ask a Psychic what happened to it!
Muslim women have thicker mustaches and bodyhair than most Turkish men.
Obama and the UN hid the plane in Crimea so they can blame Putin for it. It's the only way they're gonna beat him.....
Just like "W" hid the WMDs....still hasn't told us (TWO TRILLIONS DOLLARS) later where he hid them!
they went through a primeval vortex system and are stuck in another dimension.
The most logical explanation is that they're on a time-traveling island with polar bears and a Smoke-monster.
Maybe they ran into a Mountain that suddenly rose up from the sea....
Sounds like a surface to air missile to me.
You should google things if you're not sure so you can spare yourself from bad comments.
Bad comments come from those with bad manners.
Maybe their on an island like LOST
One can only hope that an answer to what happened somehow come to light .
Ahl dem fireclackers go boom boom.
interesting conclusion - ignoring that 2 passengers used fake stolen passports and the e-tickets ordered from Iran.
The etickets weren't ordered from Iran. The tickets were purchased in Thailand. You have a reading comprehension problem.
No - you are wrong - the tickets order come from iran to thailand !!!
If the ocean didnt kill them. The Fukushima's Radiation did.. RIP
A Boeing Jet "disintegrated" with 150 Chinese - over 50% of it's passengers aboard. I suspect China is planning on unveiling a new "passenger jet" which is safer than the one they "sacrificed" their countrymen to take out.
uh...china has a fleet of Boeing 777
Unbearably sad. God bless those poor souls.
Who gives a thumbs down to something like that? Idiot.
What does NASA mean? Need. Another. Seven. Astronauts.
God did it. If we can't explain something, that's what our feeble minds jump to, right?
ps. When something is lasered it usually is almost totally vaporized, "like disintegrated"!
If it was a terrorist attack then whoever did it would have said something by now
it has to be BaraKKKa Obozo muslim cousins trying to get the 72 virgens....
You guys are now just plain old creepy. Stay away from the kids.
I bet you aren't really a Liberal. Fess up.
It's spelled VIRGINS …V..I..R..G…oh,what's the use. Never mind.
HIP HOP HOORAY! 290 TERRORISTS OF ISLAM ARE DEAD!!!
one of them was 4 year old american you piece of s.....h..ii....t. mostly they were Chinese. last time I checked chinese people are not muslim you acehole
When Christians embrace science, they will also blow up planes...
Disappeared into thin air.......................... Nothing new. Anyone guess how the Burmuda Triangle got its name? Google the name.
I wish people would start taking pictures of the people taking pictures. Shameful.
KA-frickin-BOOM!! The meaning of the Koran.
Maybe it spontaneously combusted, or maybe it accidentally hit a worm hole and is stuck in the time space continuum
Wow......disintegrated? That's the 2nd plane to disintegrate wasn't the other one....the plane that hit the pentagon...they need to makes these planes more durable.....lol what a joke....just biding time to CLEAN up the mess.
What a bunch of idiots!!! How do you lose a 777?! People need to pull there head out! Even if it blew up into pieces the seats float. They hijacked that plane, dumped out some fuel, and went off to some Muslim country.
Marcus M. You are right about there would be debris evidence and the seats being flotation devices also. I said the same thing. A plane disintegrating into a fine powder like it was never there at all? Please!!
with all the evidence that doesn't add up, its got to be just one thing; a major abduction by an alien craft.....yikes!
They must insert this bit of info: "Shares in Malaysia Airlines fell as much as 18 percent to a record low on Monday morning."
If the plane was in any trouble wouldnt someone on the plane have text a message to someone?
Maybe they got hungry and turned around and went to Taco Bell?
Taco Bell parking lots aren't THAT big, and the plane wasn't a VTOL.
Looking for the Black box from the surface is undoubtedly hard Why not use one of our Hunter Killer Nuclear submarines with super sensitive sonar and listening devices ,Just a thought..
A Red thumbs down with no comment ,same ol pile of dog stool...
Reports are coming in that Barack Hussein Obama was seen in the vicinity carrying a shoulder held surface-to-air missle launcher.
So it was an airplane made by an American company, expect revenge from the Muslims.....
...seems like a total loss of dc power at 30,000+ ft would do this.
At time of purchase each ticket name should be checked against the "Do Not Fly" list and against any data base that would include stolen passports.
It just seems strange that there are no pieces floating on the ocean. When plane goes down, there are light weight items that float to the top!!!!!!!!!! I'm having my doubts that the plane went down in the ocean.
so far no one knows what really happened .so why are so many all ready judging . jeezzz
If the pilots didn't radio then....they crashed it, fell asleep and went of course, or were incapacitated some how. Only thing that's makes sense to me. So errors there is no debri though
With no debris it did not break up at 30,000 feet or there would be debris spread over a large area and seen by now. Much of what's in a plane floats, in particular luggage and freight. Seen any?
why is it called the south china sea if it is between Thailand and Indonesia--doesn't even touch china?
Remember Capt Sully who made the water landing in the Hudson.....if the pilots pulled that off, could a 777 stay afloat long enough to deploy people or would it just sink like a rock and take everything down intact?
A "Source"? Why does every agency pulls that one every time? To low ball the shock?
just think how oiley the fish isafter eating them
Just don't add up. Something ain't right. I don't think they're telling us everything. I fly too much to even think about this plane just coming apart mid air.
"I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian but with Asian faces," he was quoted as saying late on Sunday."...............really? Does it mean only caucasian looking people can have passports from western countries?
911 ,Liberty ,Lavon affair BROVO JEWS
Ask Obama he said terrorism is dead???
Captain Obvious: "I think the investigation needs to start with 'why did the plane disintegrate'?"
"....the aircraft could have broken up due to mechanical causes." That is one heck of a mechanical failure then!
way is no one questioning the fact that these two stolen passport holders have purchased weird tickets: why would anyone fly from KL to Copenhagen or Frankfurt via Beijing?????? shouldn't there be an international system in place that flags purchases that don't make sense?
Baaahhhhh sheep have no brains i swear.
"...I am still perturbed. Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces?..." Not recognized because -maybe- they took their head towels off?
Wow the sheep even get dumber.
Darkaura: The sheep that got DUMBER!!!
kind of a racist remark about an asian possibly having an Australian passport.
We need special agents Fox Moulder and Dana Scully from the X Files on the case! This is starting to sound a little paranormal to me.
governments are covering this up-either missle ,bomb or UFO shot this down and the governments will never answer the truth and just say terroists or suicide did it you can bet black box will not be found and if so it will be altered
I'm telling you guys they ran unto a portal and sent them to another dimension
NO GOOD NEWS 2 REPORT HERE........ All these lost souls are now but a distant memory for their love 1s .....RIP
Goldilocks missing,Fears the stern Bears terrorist organization may have killed or captured her...updates on CNN...
I am the new sherlock Holmes Asian style.. my first case... The case of the missing Malaysian mjet
Okay----doesn't GPS work in any way, shape or form? Black box, about 250 cell phones, tablets, computers, something, anything? Who are we kidding here? The black box is supposed to give off a beacon you can trace to Mars for like 100 years or so. Something doesn't add up with this whole story.
Yahoo censores the word flag. When used with false flag.... Funny that flag is such a scary word...???
False #$%$!!! Our freedoms are being striped away with every "tradegy"...
"Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces..." Sorry, Charlie, but that would be racial profiling.
My money is on Muslime terrorism.
Ok, so I guess no people of Asian descent are Italian and Austrian citizens? Been to Ireland lately? Plenty of people of Chinese heritage with good ol' Dublin accents. Pretty ignorant comment!
Disintegrated ??? Yeah IF somebody/ something helped it......... We fly to the MOON but can't cure the common cold or keep track of an Airplane. .....Let's waste more $$$ on foreign aid.............geeeeeeeeeeeeeezz...........jmo
I read that they would be able to hear the pings of the box for hundreds of miles,for many days?? Is this true?
yes...they last on average up to one year. when the air france jet crashed in 09 they found them almost 2 years after the crash via submarine cameras. the pings' ability to transmit had expired. let's hope in this case they will recover them faster.
"...the aircraft could have broken up due to mechanical causes." Yeah, when my car breaks down, it's doesn't fall apart or blow up, it stalls. I am hoping on a pre-flight check someone did make sure all the bolts were tightened.
...bunch of dead Muslims...innocent victims you say? Hmmmm..nope, still don't care.
Probably could not profile cause they might have been muslim how dare they even mention "asian faces is that not blatant racism
Seriously? That is the bullshizz they are going to throw out on this one. It disintegrated ? OMG if you believe that I have beach front property in Kansas I'd like to sell you
Accidents happen and they sukk! RIP!
A bomb goes off at 35 angels (35,000') inside a fairly delicate 209' tube that is a compromise of strength and weight (all planes are) travelling at 639.5 miles per hour, what do think is going to happen to it? Think of a fourth of July fireworks display... relatively speaking the pieces will be quite small, and when they land on the surface of the water will either be spread in the currents or sink to the bottom. This took place at a spot on the sea whose smallest girth from shore to shore was 243.24 miles, with the crash location 100.22 miles from the Malaysian shore.
If it did that, why did it do that?
A corpse underwater for 3 days could weight up to 4 times of that when it still alive and the smell....uh, unbelievable! one sniff then you'll never forget that smell for the rest of your life...
U sound like a serial killer
Something is just not right about this.....
somewhere in the pacific ocean region america is up to no good ..
that plane went to a chinese "chop shop" and will be "parted out" and sold on the "grey market".
This is almost as big a mystery as how Obama got re-elected.
Until they find the portion of the wing that took the direct hit from a surface to air missile.
It's alright Mark. You rationalize about as well as you spell. Ahhhhh, just a guess........conservative Republican?
Maybe it was on Autopilot and there weren't any real pilots? That happens more often than you think......
I feel sorry for the white American that lost his life in that is the only one I feel for
Maybe this plane entered the Twilight Zone ????
This is getting weirder and weirder .....
thems muslims have found a way to do it
but the libs want no racial,culture profiling. the M's are problematic all over the world
There was no explosion. The pilot purposely crashed the plane into the sea because it was his "calling". That's what I believe happened.
next! it never happened according to you?
Maybe John Trivola wanted it for his collection. Already has three full size at 90 million a wack. And no rich do-not pay taxes. They look for ways to get deductions
always ask a pilot about plane crashes...theyve good insight
As the old saying goes.....there's something rotten in Denmark !
You can bet these short #$%$ folks are going to try to blame $$$$$ Boeing $$$$$$$ !!!!
it's a major hoax. this means the whole world has to lift their nutshacks and spread their buttcheeks and women strip and get fingered.
you must be a representative of Info Wars
Well isn't that just the norm anyway?
"unprecedented mystery"???? It's hardly the first time a Jet has gone down with no warning in the ocean. It's certainly not "unprecedented". What is is, is early in the investigation.
Extraterrestrials have kidnapped that plane and took the passengers to their home planet, that is my theory!!
it ran into a small tweetie bird
"...disintegrated at 35,000 feet.": So probably a bomb and/or foul play in the cockpit fight for control of the airplane in "turning around" (which I confess not knowing how they knew that?) Someone wanted to meet "Alah?" All pilots need to be atheist.
niyaaz maby te plan fall into the water if the black boxs is under the sea it should send out a signel is under
Fe, Fi, Fo, Fum, I smell the blood of a stinking Muslim
No one mentioned if the tickets purchased by the fake passport holders were purchased with cash or credit card, if credit cards that should lead to somewhere.......
yeah, it will lead to... stolen credit cards. Indonesia (yeah, I know it's not Malaysia) has the highest rate in the world of scammed credit cards.
Criss Angel, you've gone too far this time.
FINDERS CONCENTE I N UNDER THE SEA GOD HAVE MERCY ON US ALL AND FORGIVE US ALL
chinese missiles test went terribly wrong.....
Maybe it was a Pack of Flying Otters??
Maybe they got hit by an F4 Sharknado??
Maybe Chewbacca took over piloting and didn't really know how to fly a commercial airplane??
This case will ultimately show up in Hanger #1, MUFON warehouse.
I think flying would be fun!
How do I know jews did it? Because jews have a long history of always doing it ..
They must have done it to you too as a child. You are obviously traumatized.
BTW, your name's spelled wrong. it's spelled 'coo coo'.
Bob - that was funny! BTW - Jews have been persecuted for YEARS!
I got a job....and I didnt forget where i started....but, take me on...take on me
new recruits for the "island". lost refference had to be made.
No, that reference didn't have to be made. You just felt that for some reason joking about the deaths of others would make you some kind of big man, when in fact all it does is show everyone how f*cking stupid you are.
What would the Chinese do now that the Muslims killed so many of their people???
disintegrated wow...... a bomb on board that blew up.... there will be debris..... but where are the debris? maybe its about the stolen passport....... somethings fishy on this matter......someone is trying to coverup....
was there a bomb was it a hijacking by muslims ?
If they are leaving it up to the vietcong like the pic above with hop-sing with a camera looking through a window for any clues, they'll never find it
This story ranges from Captain Sullenberger "Miracle on Hudson River" to Shuttle Columbia break up over Texas and perfect diving score in an Olympic
This jet was subject of weapons testing. The CIA have taken the 5th.
disintegration=explosion. enough of this mitigated speech nonsense
do they not have a blackbox/gps on that airplane?
Ummm yes Einstein. They don't know where it is at the moment.
"What difference does it make?" said hill & bill
Its The US Navys Fault... They Were Experementing With That Highly Top Secret Laser Gun and It Hit That Plane And Vaporized It.... Shame.
At least with the massive international attention & aid being afforded this mystery, it is much more difficult for the liberal media to exploit this incident with a spin supporting their issues..
I'd like to comment, but I feel turtle heads.
But...WHY THIS PLANE???? Just does not make any sense....
Eastern China Muslim separatists bringing down a plane bound for China?
We need GODs intervention..the number of people or lives is just too much
...but don't they get to go to God early??
u.f.o. might have been the culprit........................../////////////////
On their way to the stars?Will return in thirty years with very little sign of aging ? . . . o.O ---- disclosureproject dot org
Anybody remember the TV show Lost? Thats my theory
It'll be a year before the debris will reach the shores of Hawaii...just like the radioactive debris coming from the Japanese Fukushima plant explosion.
We should all know by now that any time a plane "disintegrates at 35,000" feet is just code for. "It was aliens. Yep. Just aliens."
If the wings broke off it could have went in full tilt like a rocket. Something made it disappear fast. My prayers the the family's. May God help you find peace.
maybe they have there own Bermuda triangle
Hey, we can all just blame it on the Soviets.....just saying
Maybe Lassie was flying the plane and took a detour to help Timmy??
Grab another bottle of wine and go back to watching reruns of Rin Tin Tin
Hmmm!the technologically developed countries now n then boost of advancements in technology..where are there now that it matters..!!!
We want to profile and upset someone, because they didn't match their passport
The only thing good to come out of this is that fish will have somethings to eat.
a plane just disinergrated in mid air #$%$
that plane is at the bottom of the sea....
TWO WITH FASE PASSPORTS ONE WAY TICKETS ????
Yeah but those two had purchased flights out of Beijing
I still say the way companies are cutting cost! ...that it is possible the jet ran out of fuel!.. and media keeps insisting it could be terrorist!.....no it can not be the AIRLINES FAULT! who wants to pay millions out in law suits?...AIRLLINES ARE HOPEING THEY WILL NOT FIND ANY WRECKAGE! in my opinion!
Maybe it was a secret test of the top secret HAARP weapon, or even a better model. To see if they could destroy an entire plane and the people while leaving no traces. If the US can conspire to kill 1000s with 911, then testing on a live, moving target with fewer (250) victims would be nothing.
they could could even have seen it coming
It was the Obama admin caused it
I bet the republicunt sheep really believe that!!
i use to be Paranaormal but on this case 400.000 us dollars i can track the plane
Its a 777. As long as you have fuel - you could jack that plane into orbit.
thumbs down me all day long - it only shows and highlights your ignorance. Nice job.
The U.S. was able to hide 2 jets in the 9/11 false flag event. So who is surprised that this jet disappeared without a trace?
yeah we hid them in the world trade center , you twit .
whatever. Say "hi" to fat slob, triple cheeseburger eating ALEX JONES for us...
I wish ALEX JONES was False Fat
That's right Nostradamus, the USS Arizona sunk in Pearl Harbor is an alien spaceship from Area 51 too. Glad someone knows the truth and refutes irrefutable facts. *rolls eyes*
For you brainwashed twits, I'm talking about Flight 77 and Flight 93 that were never found.
talk about "brainwashed" (looks at False Flag Stephen)
And Stephen was able to hide his last surviving brain cell in his size XXXL rectum.
Well Bob, it looks like where your mind is at. Have you spent some special time in prison lately? LOL
Its lost all over again :0
OK this is a planejack!!!!! Well ,of course this is a plane but my name isn't jack, it's Guadalupe.
Two not ASIAN LOOKING MEN BROVO JEWS
HOOK IT or #$%$ it! lol
If you truly want to be safe when flying, buy a Lear jet and learn how to fly it.
What did you guys expect out of UNION LABOR...quality??? lmao... you are risking your life when using anything manufactured by union THUGS.
By deception we do war …..Bravo jews
The first indication of something not right was Pilot name : Sum-ting Wong, and Huh-Lee #$%$
the fact that they can't find ANY debris......they are loking in the wrong area.....
Al o Bama is claiming responsibility.
it was a mid-air explosion (disintegration=PC mitigated speech term for sheeple)
It will turn up on eBAY.....
Could the aliens/UFO hijack the plane?
maybe it went back or forward in time
hope it was captured by UFO. What kind of story would the govmnt make up for that one.
Did a nuke shoot it down ?
both pilots, with muslim names, simply could have said allah ackbar & simply dove the plane right own into the sea! no sos needed...you know, like the pilot flying out of new York.
Klan members hate blacks so all white people hate blacks. Grow a Brain sheep
blacks white Asian can all have muslim names...you racist m.f. just wait & see!
As a yahoo community we must unite and find this plane.. let's bring these people home...who is with me??
Maybe they went to Disneyland instead??
This is a job for the expendables
And the similarities to Oceanic 815 continue....
would it be politically incorrect to ask if muslims did something?
Maybe they got hungry and turned around and went to Taco Bell drive-thru?
North Korea shot it down I'm telling You!
OK, so now we know our new laser weapon works.
I am so so sorry. I grieve with you all.
If you want to live you have to insist NO muzies on board!
They were "still climbing at 35,000 ft."....They might have gone into outer space and if they did, there's no telling where the plane will wind up.
A plane disintegrated in mid air? Lets hope a North Korean or Russian missle didn't shoot it down.
Meanwhile the occupants of the mothership are lounging around the pool and picking their teeth, belching, and farting remembering the feast
Breaking News: Malaysian 777 found ! * *Batteries not included. Some assembly required.
The pilot was blinded by his chinkness.
surprised you survived your mom's self-abortion attempt...
get submarines in the water..you have better chance of finding something underwater than on the surface.
Believe it or not the black box must have GPS!!!!!!!
Black(orange) Box 1960's technology, same as airway(radio flight paths) 1950's technology. Airlines are much too advanced to use satellite GPS 2000 Technology.
This is going to be some expensive fish food, for sure !!
china definitely did it! this country is acting like it owns everything around it! china did this!
Maylasian minister muslim Hussien lets passengers on plane with stolen passports. Then plane disapears. We all know what happened. Tell obama to stop sending these muslim terrorists money we borrowed from china!
no one is talking about UFOS.........
Yes, just the Oklahoma bombing, right?
Simple math really. muslim pilots + air liner = missing plane.
just like what happened in pa with the 911 there were terrorists that took it over and fbi got informed and it was shot down not a bomb or nothing shot downnnnnnnnnn
If another plane goes down like this anytime soon, this will cause "global UNFLYING," not to be confused with "global warming." A very few people can do great damage to the world economy, like Al Gore and Obama.
Wrong article. Save your hate for an article politics.
they are probably on the plan some where eating cat soup in dog soup
Pilot to copilot: "Let me show you a trick I learned in 'Nam....hold my beer" Copilot: "I don't think this is a good idea Captain Muhammad" Pilot: "HeeHa...oh, sh....
plane will likely show up re-badged "North Korean Airlines" some time in the future
what is clear is that Muslims have perpetrated terrorism and atrocities including blowoing up aircraft, and this would not be any different.
Malaysia is the Mushrum country .....
It's the pilot for a new "Lost".
what I don't get is why there is no emrgncy signle comming out, I think the only way this airplane want down is do to some sort of an explosion a bomb that did not give a chance to any emrgncy signle to work
stolen passports whats up with that ?
Maybe they got hit by an EF-4 Sharknado??
were is the black box,it is always binging??
what happened to it how did it end up in the water
my guess is foul play...shot down
maybe it got beamed up by the enterprise!!
There are UFOs cloaked all around the planet.. They are watching us..
Yes, Jess, it sounds like you ARE.
The poem of Veronika Tushnova "Do not renounce, loving" is a memorial for those , who is considered dead in this crush...
Obama had it shot down, he's crooked and evil
Please get Obama's nuts outta your mouth Stev!! #$%$ #$%$!
Your penis. My mouth. That is all.
Barack Obama is claiming responsibility. Wow! Didn't see that coming.... Just saw it on CNN!!!!!
You're a f*kcing idiot. Please do the world a favor and don't breed. Let the stupidity die with you.
That's no way to talk to our Russian friend, Brian!
he is talking to you jack off!!!
Jack Off Smirnov is russian... f.y.i.
I like the opening photo of the Muslim tramp suffering I hope the rest of her life is a living hell
With a brain like that, your life appears to be already a living hell.
Well you are 10 times more likely to die every morning you get in a car than a plane.....
With a car, No muslims in the back seat.
Maybe those langoliers have eat them all....
JEWS KNOW MORE THAN THEY LET ON HERE
N korean missle blew it up??
N korea is to far north, no where near flight path.
good luck solving this one as the ocean isn't going to be giving up no Black Box
World Police and Interpols should closed all terminals and get all airplanes back to the terminals and shut down airport and make arrest all airport employees.
A Muslim woman is crying......? that is rare, very rare....!
I told Chuck Hagel not to use the armed drone, now the Chinese are going to be on my case, what next.
maybe it never crashed...maybe theyre searching at the wrong place.... maybe the hijackers had capabilities of hiding the plane's signals and whereabouts? cloaked hijacking? who knows...
Hey, instead of saying it "DISINTEGRATED" how about we say aliens from another galaxy abducted the craft to anally probe the inhabitants and we expect them back soon.......
They got Al Gore to spray camel buckscent on the passports to make you steal them, Akhmed?
You should try and claim that an inflight VIDEO made you do it, Akhmed! At least ObamaNation koolaid drinkers will buy it!
This is awful. They quoted a Chinese officer who said "Ha plane go boom"
I said the same thing not long ago, but it was 'bridge fall down go boom!'
could it be the same thing thats happening when you pass bermuda triangle,,,,methane gas explosions that take out ship and planes in seconds
Obama said, they all look asian to him
islamic ugyhur people, stand out and admit
How do I get blood out of the carpet??
the mexacans picked it all up that is why there is oil in the water
aint nobody gunna miss dos people. what is kim K wearing on the red carpet is what's most importatnt
these Boeing 777 are plagued with problems ever since the very 1st one made crashed on take off.i wouldn't fly on one for free,the jet is jinxed
the fish did not have nothing to eat so they fed them some china food
security must be like EL AL. NO exceptions. Period. Enough of the PC BS.
I wouldn' wanna be on a plane any time soon....
Guess you missed the article where thousands and thousands of flights departed safely today.
You know what? You're right. Life must go on!
I guess I am still clinging to the hope of just maybe they will all be found,maybe hijacked or kidnapped or etc....
Maybe it's an amphibious plane and is cruising thru the Ocean right now-- just chillin'?
This plane must have had some of the Navy sSeals that got Osama Bin Laden on it......ohh wait a sec...they have already all been assassinated havent they?
Man is not meant to fly. They deserved to die for trying to fly like God
it was shot down by a army because of the terrorist taking it over
I told you there was a cover up underway!!!! Disengrated into thin air??????? One of the largest airliners just turned into dust???? Obama is defently behind this lie!!!!
flight 370 goes down on 3/7 #$%$
FoxNews says Obama's grandparents hid it.
The old GOP of perverts, money launders and creep for Jesus, is dead, dead, dead ! Its going to hell ! Nobody wants it or Sarah Palin
Huh, What are you rambling about?
WOW! Did the voices tell you to say that again? BTW, I want Sarah Palin... you can have that tired of hag Hillary!
WOW - MOM, get the chain back on the ankle, back on the right meds and down in the basement...less contact with society please.
are you referring to the african american #$%$ on the corner.
I'm talking about the flight date recorder you morons, they send out a signal, duh, either they have on or they dont if they dont the plane is still intact.
if they cannot even locate where plane maybe, where should they search for the black-box - somewhere in the ocean? or maybe Asia?
There are 2, and they are orange, and they would be with the wreckage!
Surely there is a way to track this plane, if it didnt blow up, fine, what about the satillites they should show where it went or where it didnt go.
Stolen passports..huh...If it walks like a duck and steal passports like a duck.then...admit it ...
Yeah, I will. Some teabaggers were aboard that flight.
HEY DON'T YOU THINK THAT'S GETTING A LTTLE OLD. YOU NEED TO SHOW SOME RESPECT, AND STOP TRYING TO BE A CLOWN
The round eye impaired are notoriously poor drivers, I'm sure this applies to flying
Maybe, no USA Missiles, just maybe.
The vortex sucked the plane into space, maybe we start to search in space instead.
Ok Pea brain. The article says speculation
All the planes disappeared on 911.
I think chinese navy shut it down or the viet navy..
Follow the SHEKELS for the truth!
The Muslims do not want to admit that they blew up one of their own planes......
Reports are coming in that Barack Hussein Obama was seen in the vicinity carrying a shoulder held surface-to-air missle launcher.
Charlie Chan is feeding a lot of fish
Harry Houdini strikes from the dead and had it disappear into thin air, puuff
it was a missile that took out the plane.
wonder if they dumped fuel, dropped below radar an flew some other place . .i can't believe nothing is not foating on the water besides fuel . ???????????????????
not even fuel...the slick is unrelated to the aircraft
under the sea find it very well under sea may their soule rest in peace
Nicky Slime was on that plane
Thank you for taking time out of your busy day of eating corn chips in your mothers basement to prove your ignorance to the masses.
I did not vote for Romney did u no I forgot u voted for a raceis hitler
you losers are freaking disgusting degenerate pigs.
there is always a chance they landed in the jungle ….jew do fail
More BLACKS TO CHINA SAY JEWS
WHY is the picture of Muslims crying????? THEY CAUSED THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ANOTHER FAKE PIC OBAMA???????????????
Jews blow things up ??? JEW JOB
I thought you said Cheney was framing you Muslims this time? Could you make up your towel cover mind already?
Why'd this Muslim thumb me down? Maybe Gore sprayed the camel buckscent to lure you guys in again?
Thumbing me down doesn't explain who "FRAMED" you for 2/26, Musra... g in de Nile! And if you're going to spend that much time in De Nile, could you take a bar of soap with you. Cause frankly, Akhmed, you STINK!
just waiting to hear that it is islam and wala wala crackbar that downed this jet
maybe the rapture took place and these were the only people worthy to go to Heaven
It crashed on the island in LOST!
More BLACKS NEED TO BE IN ASIA SAY JEW HUMAN RIGHTS GROUP THAT PLAN ON SUEING IF NO ACTION IS TAKEN
I heard Bigfoot & Lew Alcindor were flying the plane. That's just what i heard.......
So, in other words, they STILL have no clue as to what happened !!!!!
it was there time to die or they would not of died
God Bless Shahids, Straight to Allah !
A distintegrating airliner? DAVID COPPERFIELD'S GREATEST TRICK YET!! Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NORTH KOREA NEEDED A NEW AIRLINER???
Inside job by the "Obummer" regime?
GOD GOD GOD GOD GOD STOP ALREADY WITH THIS FAKE!!!!!
100% HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX! HOAX!
Fine Malaysian Airlines for polluting the ocean. This is exceptable
Maybe they're on the bottom of the ocean like in that old move Airport '77....
How about looking under the water, sonar!!!!!
its simple..chinese navy shot the plane..
They were a long way from China. If you want your stupid conspiracy theory to carry any weight, at least blame the Vietnamese.
And if the plane was shot down, there would be wreckage everywhere plus radar data to back it up. Just because a plane is shot down doesn't mean it cant be seen on radar falling everywhere on every pass.
The plane said "you don't know what is like until is gone" LOL The Cars movie
to the search and rescue teams, if you find any chinese survivor, throw them a sandbag.
could have hit the twilight zone????
If those three Americans on board were spy agents - their "goose will certainly be cooked" so to speak. Pity though to have jeopardised the lives of these poor innocent passengers.
2 of those Americans were children, so no.
americans are worst thing in the world!!
Actually, Mia, you are the WORST thing in the world...so you want to get off and spare the rest of us your bullshyte...
Three days, bodies will start showing up on water surface if not trapped inside the plane......
If it ain't Boeing, I ain't going!.....Oh wait....
it will turn out to be a terror attack from muslim uyghur people, lol
my guess is that a bomb did this plane in,,,,
Not to get off subject...BUT, IS BOB COSTAS A JERK, who agrees.?
Has anybody asked Sarah Palin? She is such a mental heavy weight
could it be the new "Bermuda Triangle"?
sometimes.......we don't know why, but things go "BOOM"!!!!!!!!
Can u carry a tazer onto a plane...cuz Imma fly to China next month and if I see a turbin bearded mofo so much as looking nervous and sweatin', Imma tazer him and ask question later.....
Carry pigs blood in a jar, They are terrified of it. they wont blow themselves up if they have that on them, No 12 virgins waiting for them....
Maybe the pilots were playing with PlayDoh and just kinda forgot about the plane....
I had this happen to me! Where did I park my car?
what the heck is wrong with you!? imagine if it was your family
Don't worry Smiley, Eddyl, is some poor, lost, soul, trying to get two seconds of fame, when he is not even worth one, in total.
As the aircraft began plummeting to the ocean, seven miles below, several passengers on board began fuming to the Stewardess that they would not be able to finish watching the inflight movie they paid for....
most likely was shot down....we will know when and if at a later time
Well, here is to another day of 'The Media thinks people are stupid Day...Cheers
To all you genius Sherlock Holmes out there. The Air France flight debris was not located until days later. The black boxes took 2 more years to locate and no muslims, al qaeda, al ansur, cia, nsa, gchq were involved. Let's wait and see. I also made some sarcastic comments myself.
It's pretty funny when you stop and think about it.
Not if you, or your loved one, is among the missing, you idiot!
Could be two things: 1. Somalia pirates. 2. Russia. If ask hillary clinton, mccain, they’ll tell you.
Number 1 . Muslim suicide Extremist.
…. USA missile defense system malfunction because of a solar flare caused the missile to track plane and shot it out to small pieces which then sank to the bottom …….
To all the religious fools out there....how are your prayers workin' out for ya'll ?
Sweet dreams and flying machines in pieces on the ground (Or sea)
and if u cowards still believe that garbage you are just stupid yahoo fans! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo!
Dude, put down the meth pipe...
O.K then how about telling us what really happened?
so it turned into dust? no bodies not parts of a part in mid-air. what kind of a joke are they playing? another 9/11 hoax.
they are doing this to make tsa in control. this is a complete hoax.
You're nuts. Try not to breed.
hoosker you are an idiot because tricking people is part of life you stupid prick.
there is no evidence. nor do the family members have real tears. this is a hoax.
If it is, it's one that will go down in history, that's for sure. No pun intended.
Terrorists or hijackers are also human, they can't make an airplane disappeared or disintegrated......Stop blaming them .....!
No come on. No ping yet on the flight recorders? No sattelite imagery? Massive resources in action? 1 child dies every five seconds or about 20,000 CHILDREN per day from malnutrition and preventable diseases!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Call me heartless but that is a bit more pressing of an issue to me. What say you all? Yay or nay?
NO YOU TERD. What a horrible thing to say.
I wish i could meet you yayagal so i could snap your neck and improve this planets average intelligence instantly.
I think what happened is before the flight took off they forgot to re-fuel and they was flying on E kind of like a car.
I don't think it was terrorists.....where's the claims of responsibility?
Everyone assumes it was a terrorist bomb that brought it down (from Israel Mossad most likely ...blaming it on the Arabs) but it could have been anything ..crashed into the side of a UFO, gas tanks blue up from death ray, etc etc.
HELL to Islamic republic such as Iran and all terrorist people here ever they are.......... this Islam is worst than any hell to the world .......... all people PLEASE BE CAREFUL WITH THIS MANIPULATING SO CALLED religion NOTHING truth in it AT ALL.................some American women are naive and married with them an change their faith to this nasty Islam which is eternal damnation...............................JESUS CHRIST IS THE ONE WHOM HE CLAIMS TO BE .... TIME IS SO SHORT BELIEVE ON HIM FOR ETERNAL HEAVEN.......HE is NOT A LIAR HE IS THE WAY AND TRUTH AND LIFE AS HE SAID............HE IS GOD IN flash for your benefit...................................
Allah continues to punish moooslims for their wicked interpretation of the koran
I thought jets only disintegrate if they hit pentagonal shaped office buildings or fields in Pennsylvania ...
Did the airplane Allah Ahbared in mid air?
No one probably is going to buy a ticket and fly with Boing777. Scary....
The 777 has one of the best safety records of any modern commercial aircraft.
I would say they are on that TV show "lost"
"pata-loomp, "pata-loomp, "pata-loomp..." Hear that? ""pata-loomp, "pata-loomp, "pata-loomp, "pata-loomp..." It's the sound of conspiracy theorists running up towards this incident.
Piece of junk plane...over priced ticket to fly.....
Everyone FARTED at the same time..........
God likes to keep Heaven packed with FRESH SOULS.
That's the job of the US Marine Corps.
Latest report they are still circling in a traffic pattern. China controller stated "Me no likey you no land"
maybe if EVERYONE STOPPED THE CATERING TO MUSLIMS/NOT WORRY ABOUT POLITICAL CORRECTNESS/BLK PEOPLE SUING/KENYAN CATERING TO THE EVIL-MAYBE JUST MAYBE WE COULD GET BACK TO SAFE FLIGHTS-IN THE MEAN TIME ALL LEGAL AMERICANS NEED TO DEMAND TO HAVE "NO MUSLIMS FLIGHTS"!!!
ok everyone the searchers are trying they are getting hung up with so many different possibilities I feel that they are maybe misinterpreting the "turn back on radar " I say this because when the space shuttle exploded on launch one technician was still tracking it on radar after separation it is fact ... the turn back may simply be the fuselage breaking apart this plane may simply have disintegrated at 35000 ft over the ocean however I still don't believe that there has been nothing found
I highly doubt that it would have disintegrated- many objects/debris from satellites and other items launched into space have not "disintegrated" completely. There is a LOT that is not being voiced in the media, and the US is jumping on the terrorism angle to keep people in fear. Also, the subject of cel phones... if there were people they suspected, they were probably being "tracked" so why has there not been any attempt to "ping" the location of certain passengers' cel phones via satellite?
They are looking at the wrong location. There are about a million pieces when that plane hits the water including personal effects. In Asia, people like to travel with many luggage. More so, carry-ons. No sign at all? Wrong location! Perhaps the pilot is involved as he may be the only person on board who can play with the radar switches. The plane could be somewhere else. It turned primary radar off, changed direction and who knows what happened next. Still, this part of the Asian region are hundreds of islands and should not be that hard for anyone to witness something falling, exploding, landing, or even hitting a mountain.
Many people have been talking about Air France flight 447, but I haven't heard anyone cite flight 611. Living in Taiwan, I remember the in-flight breakup of this China Airlines flight. This 747 also suddenly disappeard from radar as it broke up at 35,000 ft and wreckage was scattered over a wide area...BUT...they still recovered bodies and wreckage from the ocean...and they ultimately discovered the cause as well. The lack of crash evidence in this case is truly a mystery, but we will find the answers.
Too much secrecy on the part of Malaysian Air. The families of those on board this plane deserve better! Inconsistencies in the information about the stolen passport passengers, the time it took before they told the world the plane was missing (3 hours later) and the fact the plane was missing over the water, which water and when they actually lost contact. Step up and give the world, let alone those whose loved ones were on board, and give us straight answers!
do you think Malaysian authority's are reading these posts?
So, where did the plane disappeared? Well, one day truth will come out. In the meantime, hopefully this is not case of Airplane being hijacked and passengers hungry and tired of sitting on seats and vomiting. Whoever is responsible -whether its the faulty equipment/electronics, or bad weather or mistake, Its not good. If the passengers had known that airplane would disappear, they would never board in first place. Something is really wrong with their instruments or the plane operators on ground floors. I just hope someone did not shut the power by msitake
Hijacked? Turn radar off and taken...is that a possibility? I feel empathy for the families not knowing.
= this should not happen - in 1972 when I joined the Air Force Reserve my parents had divorced - my mother did not know where my father was - I filled out the forms leaving all information blank - then later when the papers came back from Ottawa - I was accepted - and the Recruiting officer called me into his office and asked if the form was filled out - - ALL OF MY FATHERS INFORMATION WAS FILLED IN RED INK - - even though we knew nothing about my father OTTAWA DID - = this should not happen - - COUNTRY TO COUNTRY AIR TRAVEL IS A PRIVILEGE - not a right - - A PASS PORT SHOULD NOT BE ENOUGH - = international travelers throughout the world should be apply and be issued drivers ( tourist ) licenses - - to get them their country subjects them to a military / police / security background check - - = then two things happen - both country of origin and country of arrival review the passports and new tourist licenses = THE SECOND THING BEING - if a TOURIST from the departure country BLOWS UP A COUNTRY - - or plane or whatever - - FOR A PERIOD OF A YEAR - - EVERY COUNTRY BOYCOTT travelers from the guilty country of origin - - - like let me use the word Afghanistan - one terroist - - ONE act ( like how many do you stupidly need ? ) just one should be enough - - well just one terrorist act from that country means NO ONE FROM AFGHANISTAN can fly on International flights for a year = as like military - - one guy messes up - - punish the platoon and - - let the platoon get the individual straightened out ----- and the political correctness SHOULD NOT BE RESPECTED IN INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL - - as in starting NOW - statistics should be kept - - as in 1000 pilots from where ever good no incident - - - 50 pilots from one country ONE incident ( hey scrutinize ) - - - well lets say 50 pilots from Afghanistan 25 terrorist incidents - - WELL GUESS WHAT - - the INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY SHOULD THEN REFUSE TO ALLOW THAT COUNTRIES CITIZENS FLY PASSENGER PLANES
= furthermore - in the day and age of computers - departure and arrival country should scrutinize the passengers credentials - - thoroughly - - not let some 5 dollar an hour clerk give each passenger a 10 second look and hand shake - = furthermore - in this day and age of computers - passengers should be able to google their flight - see the name of the pilot and his resume and a detailed description - OF EVERYTHING - - his training - his experience HIS EVERYTHING - should be IN passengers BILL OF RIGHT
What about an aeronautical engineer & pilot (or at least has pilot training) taking over the plane and hijacking it, by disabling all the responder equipment and black box and then hijacking it to a location where it can be hidden until they need it for whatever purpose they hid it for? The passengers onboard may or may not still be alive. Guess that depends on whether or not they can use them for their purposes or not. Did anyone think of anything like that scenario yet?
I write fiction. If I were to write this in a novel, The bomb would have been the luggage itself. They look inside the luggage, but never at the plastic that makes up the bag. A suitcase can easily be built using a 3D printer and a semtex like RDX plastic explosive. You will look at it, but never see it. Using 3D printers and an explosive plastic, it can look like a cane for a cripple, a set of dishes from Aunt Martha, or anything. That and a cell phone gets you a bomb. Note that Semtex is used by terrorists because it's easy to use, shape, and very difficult to detect. Think outside the box.
The BLACK BOXES on planes are made to withstand explosions of huge proportions. Basically indestructable period. They never quit transmitting either. Many parts of Airplanes FLOAT. This plane has seemingly vanished. It does not matter what Altitude this thing was flying at. The fact that it has no radar signature anywhere is suspect. Nothing is right about this its all wrong. So that being said did the Aliens take it or some New Lazer Weapon Disinigrated it. Test Test this is only a Test. It will be very interesting to see what comes when more information if there is any comes out in the open for all to see. Planes just don't disinigrate and a bomb blast no matter what type would leave debris and could not destroy the black box.
How do you recover the black box 20,000 leagues under the sea.
first you have to find nemo's island, but i'm betting on the asteroid with the 6 antennas.
At least it was over so quick they wouldn't even know what hit them. At that height the explosion they would be just little bits of shark food and nothing left. Very sad but that's reality. When you explode at 35,000 ft there are only tiny little pieces and whatever falls to the water becomes fish food. I see ads in the lost section of the newspaper advertising that people have lost their passports. What kind of moron loses their passport? I hope they don't allow them to handle sharp objects. God rest the victims!
I am no aviation expert, but I agree with the people saying that it just does not seem possible for a plane to disintegrate to the point where there are no floating remnants. 239 passengers means at least that many floatation devices, and I doubt that they were all blown up to the point where they cannot be found. Unless this plane blew up into nothing but grains of ash and dust, there should be visible remnants of it somewhere.
All stolen passports are reported to Interpol, so how the hell does anyone get a boarding pass using a stolen passport? Every airport in the world should have access to that database, and the Italian passport was reported stolen 7 months ago. Somebody F*** ed up.
Two Canadians also died in that crash that are mentioned in the article.
Of course Malaysia is going to say this - to admit they screwed up and let a terror attack happen because they were too lazy to check the interpol database for stolen passports, it's really bad for business, tourism and their reputation. Terrorists must know and have known about their lax security that's why they chose Malaysia as a place to pull off this attack.
Mr. Ali is a terrorist, who aided in the purchase of two tickets for two terrorists who blew-up the plane. Where is Mr. Ali that paid in cash...seriously? Ridiculous that people die because of spineless f'n aholes!
you would think satellite would have picked it up on radar ,or is that just my house , I mean they no everything about everyone now they have miss placed 298 people and one large plane come on
As I read the comments I have something to add. Mere speculation of what could have happened is not helping the families who's loved ones were on this flight. The best of the best have been summoned to try and figure out what happened. The Airlines and the Gov't owe it to each one of ppl who were on the flight and their families.. Something greater than us has taken these people and right now I am in sorrow for all those effected by this atrocity. The media should also stop speculating and only give facts. That is their job. FACTS not what if's. In God's name, please just give prayers to the families who are trying to cope with the loss of loved ones.
Rebel, chill out. The families are not reading this Yahoo message board. They're getting more information than you or I, to the extent that any information is available. At this point, it's obvious all aboard the flight perished. The only questions remaining are how and where.
The U.S. is offering expertise even though it's not our plane.
Incredible that 3 ignorant ppl gave thumbs down to my comment wishing prayers to the families effected..To you..you are cold and heartless..shame on you..
The investigation team will already be pouring over the maintenance records of the aircraft. Starting with most recent maintenance , particularly with emphasis on flight control systems and surfaces ie. elevator ,ailerons, spoilers etc , and the systems that drive these components. The pilots may have faced an un-commanded control input that put the aircraft into a stall or dive situation. This isn't speculation but one avenue the investigation team will follow.
I am suspecting the Aliens or the UFO.
People seemed to be focus on the wrong thing( ie 2 guys with stolen passport) Passports doesn't blow up plane, Didn't these these guys and their baggage went through the same screening process as others?
It will probably be weeks or possibly months before debris shows up but an explosion seems likely. The only mystery is who put the bomb(s) on the plane. The usual suspects would normally have been bragging by now. This is most definitely aimed at China and is probably a warning to the Chinese that they are not invulnerable. We all wish the culprits could have spared innocent people.
It is quite easy to find a needle in a haystack than locating a gigantic aircraft.It is these times that technology is absolutely useless.How can human conquer the stars when things like this remains a mystery.If that jumbo plane was intact when it crashed on sea,it will never stay submerged and if it did exploded or disintegrated then there should be literally hundreds of materials and debris to afloat besides the 239 bodies.
you're not exactly dealing with countries with the most advanced technology or resources to find it. They need to call in other folks to help them but won't do to pride. There is also diplomatic embarrassment around they may have let terrorists on the aircraft and their security failed. These are big issues in these countries.
Listening to the coverage, and not being disrespectful of the whole issue, I just think this sounds like the former TV show "Lost"! Going in a different direction, unable to find any wreckage and no signals they can find. Are there any small islands in the area?
Did the plane have enough fuel to make it to Africa or the Middle East?
Ya don't land a 777 in your backyard. If you keep flying long enough somebody's gonna notice and you'll need a decent surface to put down on if you want to keep the aircraft and its occupants in one piece.
Sad for the families. Poor people must be going crazy, thinking about their loved ones!!!
How is no one talking about the black box? And how does a plane just disintegrate in mid air without a collision?
All the relevant authorities must just find this plane. There is no such thing as impossible, right? Right.
Have they considered that the plane may have been captured by aliens?
If U.S. spy satellite coverage is as thorough as they say it is, and they spotted no mid-air explosion, would they not have recorded images of the aircraft itself, up to its' disappearance? Would they not be able to see it crash or break apart?
They haven't even found the plane and the recorder. It is too early to make any pronouncements on what may or may not have happened in my opinion.
Is our earth so big that we are unable to find a plane?..this is amazing. I wish, everyone is alive and safe irrespective of where they came from and what their citizenship was.
Actually, the earth, especially its Pacific Ocean, is that big.
All of the media outlet are giving you false and misleading information to control your thinking. Go to in5d to find the truth.
Back in 80's Soviet Union shot down Korean Air Lines Flight 007. Any countries testing their long range missile recently?
In that case the KAL flight had flown into Soviet airspace. This plane was over international waters.
US shot down plane with 290 on board!
maybe transponders of the plane is off and it is on radars but not identifiable?
I would support the safe return of anyone from such a tragedy. Their families and friends need support and closure. Maybe it was HARP or other weapons of mass destruction being used and tested on the populations.
Even if it did explode at 35,000 feet would there not be debris floating somewhere? All of it can't have sunk, if it exploded the seat cushions, baggage, and bodies would end up floating on the surface. I just think there is something wrong with this, that plane and it's passengers went somewhere.
The ocean is a vast body of water.
You could literally lose an entire city in the ocean and never find a single piece of debris. So its not out the realm of possibility to not be able to find a plane.
You think Mulder and Scully should be bought out of retirement?
no not really as the Challenger back in 1986 and Columbia 2003 exploded in mid air it left little to no evidence. Until they have all the facts it's just speculation.
Not so much as a Plastic water bottle floating. The Democrats sponsored Yahoo wants us all to believe the jet and all its passengers disintegrated and not an ounce of debris exists!
Something has to come floating back up. The area it went down in is not open ocean, it is surrounded by land. Bodies will be washing up shore any day now.
@Lonny: I don't know aboit Challenger, but Columbia left plenty of evidence scattered over most of Texas; I know because I volunteered to help in the searches, which found tens of thousands of pieces of wreckage, in complex terrain and in remote areas. If MH370 exploded at altitude, they would see parts of her everywhere.
Very vast area to search and objects quickly sink or submerge to the point of not being visible...even those cushions...they definitely float, but not indefinitely.
Perhaps they flew it to an undisclosed location and are going to hold everyone for ransom. Perhaps threaten world peace with the deployment of greenhouse gasses, or drop free handguns to the world population, or perhaps have everyone quit their jobs and sign up for welfare and food stamps...boy, that'll fix us good! If they can make a plane disappear, they can do anything!!!
Doubtful at this point it exploded in midair or there would be some debris somewhere. Maybe they are looking in the wrong place, but lots of people are looking all over the place.
The movie "Millennium" keeps flashing in my mind...I wonder what happened to this plane? To have absolutely no debris is baffling...I am still holding out hope that they dumped their fuel and landed in the jungle somewhere....
i'm also worried that there are even spy satellites! and it is even dumber that US admitted to have them.europeans think they own the sky now.if asia,africa and etc had spy satellites they'll be accused of terrorism!.well US will want to blew up foreign countries if they dear to make a rocket ship.
UFO. When something just disappears from the air and there is NO trace, then it must be a UFO that snatched it in mid-air. They would not leave anything to be found.
great thought. After all, UFO and creatures from out of space had been on earth before based on physical geographic evidence .
I don't think I'll be booking a flight on any Asian airline any time soon. Too many lapses in security...too many short cuts in all areas. Ticking time bombs.
The left will speculate it was one of the following. 1. Global warming did it 2. Bush did it.
Scary. They need to find the black box for the best chance of learning what happened. That's practically impossible unless they started attaching a gps marker on them. Something to consider. Regardless, this is scary.
They have pingers on them already.
Everyone take a deep breath. A very similar crash, Flt 447 in 2009 occurred. It took 5 days before the wreck was found. It took 3 yrs before it was determined to be Pilot error. Everything in between is nothing more than your thoughts.. Be patient and let the experts do their job.
Welcome to the newest form of crime. Airline theft. There is no possible way the 14 countries over three days cannot find a plane that was an hour from where it took off. This plane and all of its passengers are safe somewhere.
The Americans may know what would have happened to the aircraft due to it's satellite and surveillance capabilities. Something mishap happened and are they trying to cover up? The Americans did not do anything when tens of thousands of Eelam Tamils were bombarded and slaughtered (state terrorism) by the Sri Lankan regime in May 2009. Will anyone speak the truth or do the right thing is in doubt!
You bash Americans yet want them to rescue the people who bash them? That's quite an attitude. F the Tamils. Let them defend themselves or perish.
Sure, sure...the CIA backed False Flag Op is working beautifully! Nowadays the TRUTH seems to bother people. The government's Big-Plan" to keep it's citizens in the Dark is working like a charm. Keep the sheep brainwashed with IPads/IPhones and keep drinking the fluoride water - The vackbone of U.S. civil policy. Like i have said for days now.....has somebody contacted the White House and got them to confess to the C.I.A. operatives involved in the downing of the plane??? The U.S. loves these type of false flag ops to make it "appear" that terrorizers, as George Bush Jr. Called them, did something (when in fact it's the U.S. themselves) in order to invade or sanction etc. otherwise sovereign countries. Ahhhh....it's the oldest trick in the book being done by the U.S. since McKinley in the 1890's and NOBODY gets it yet????? C'mon!,
This is such a cool story! I love mysteries!
Yeah, 239 people are dead. Cool story...
If google map satellite can remove clouds so we can see the ground map, can google also remove the water in the seas so we can see what's in there and no need to do searching by boat and submarine to find the missing plane?
If the plane flew into the crater of a volcano, right into a lava lake it would disappear forever, and we will never find it. The plane will become the true "ghost plane" for eternity.
was it possible the plane lost all power including electricity and try to land on sea and then sink to the bottom of the ocean, that is why not a single of debris have not yet found?
There is no evidence for anything. We don't know. Sounds to me like god did it. Isn't that what the religious say when science has no answers?
I was listening to streaming radio and the BBC just aired an American woman sobbing uncontrollably talking about how there is still hope for her lost boyfriend who was on the plane. What a sickening and distasteful thing for the BBC to have done. Shame on you. Exploiting someone's misery like that. We really needed to hear that? You disgusting filth.
Why hasn't there been more talk about a pressurization failure? That would explain the lack of communication (if they all passed out) and the plane veering off course and the plane nosediving eventually into the ocean with little debris. Any of the Yahoo MB experts want to tell me why this isn't a possibility?
Not an expert, but pressurization failure while on autopilot would show the plane staying straight and level for hours, until it eventually flew over land (if I recall the flight path accurately).
Thank you, AAJ. I read an article on another site (can't remember which) that had quotes from another pilot who had contacted the flight. He was flying to Japan about a half hour ahead of the plane. He was not able to speak with them, but he heard what he said was mumbling in the background. Not in distress. SO whatever happened...happened AFTER that contact (which was after they had already lost radar contact with the plane).
Face it. The plane exploded into tiny pieces at the hands of the two Islamic terrorists traveling with stolen passports. The trick is trying to prove it. The tragedy is that it could have been prevented with proper passport screening.
It is very odd that with all the material that would float nothing can be found. I suspect the governments are shooting the sheet until they no longer need to secure the sight.
People must be really naive to think using stolen passports to board a plane isn't a common occurance. If it was terrorism why isn't the organization claiming responsibility and bragging yet? This would be a huge victory for a terrorist.
These articles keep regurgitating the same info over and over. Little snippets of quotes from various people - all of whom have no idea what happened. Three is no new information. They simply do not know what happened at this point. Disintegration? From what? A death star? If the plane suddenly broke up or exploded - where is the debris? There would have to be SOME debris somewhere. It did not vaporize!
But planes along with their passengers and crew do de-materialize. Remember AA Flt 77-- hit the Pentagon and they never found much of it. Even the 6 ton RR engines apparently vaporized. An then there's UA Flt 93-- went down in a farmer's field and they never found much of it either.
The ignorant finger pointing has begun: "I am still perturbed.Can't these immigration officials think? Italian and Austrian (passport holders) but with Asian faces." There are thousands of Austrian and Italian citizens with "Asian faces", and even with Italian and Austrian surnames. I am perturbed that a Home Minister would be so unsophisticated as to not understand that what someone looks like has nothing to do with their citizenship. Further, I don't understand why, if someone was just going to kill themselves, they would bother to go to the trouble of (1) getting a stolen passport, (2) buying through tickets via Beijing to Frankfurt and Copenhagen. Maybe they are on a no-fly list, or wanted to conceal their identities after death, but either of these seems unlikely. I don't think we should jump to conclusions until further evidence presents itself.
However you look at it, Italians and Austrians with Asian appearance is enough to engender doubt and closer scrutiny. As you say, don't jump to conclusions. There may be good reason for the criticism.
maybe there was one or more important people on the flight and that they were targeted. Some terroristic groups will go to any lengths to murder someone even if it means getting themselves and hundreds of others killed in the process. Just a possibility.
I think the names "Christian" and "Luigi," coupled with the passports being Austrian and Italian, respectively, had something to do with that remark. I'm a white, Anglo, guy. Were I to present a Japanese passport to a customs officer saying I was Masahiro Nakajima, I think it would be reasonable to ask me a few questions before allowing me to board a plane. Racial profiling: bad. Common sense: not bad.
Much more likely that these guys were some of the thousands trying to immigrate into the EU. Passports are stolen every day and it is almost never for terrorism but rather personal/financial reasons. Realistically, if we checked every international flight this closely, there are probably a couple people on each one with false papers.
If they would have made China their final destination, they would need a visa to do so. However, if you're just going to China to connect to another destination (such as Frankfurt or Copenhagen), you're not required to have a visa.
They were all muslim. They all know today that JESUS IS LORD!
Black box can not be destroyed., where are satellites and space technique observation and monitoring detection of the impulses., For God sake -- it is an airplane not a niddle!!
IRANIAN MUSLIM buys tickets for guys using stolen passports - muslim pilots - malaysian airport MUSLIM country - JIHAD!
bought tickets from MUZLUM Mr. ALI
"Asked about the possibility of an explosion, the source said there was no evidence of foul play..." They don't have a clue what happened to the plane so how can they even say such a stupid thing? So far there's "no evidence" of anything! My eyes would be all over the "Iranian business contact" ....known as "Mr. Ali" who bought tickets for two people with stolen passports. It's time for these folks to wake up!
What are you, Timmy, some sort of racist? Mysterious Iranians with no last name buy tickets in cash at Thai travel agencies for Austrians traveling to Europe via China all the time. And in well over half those cases, the Austrian is accompanied by an Italian going to a different final destination. This is completely routine, and there is absolutely no need for suspicion. Run along.
Source wasn't asked if there was evidence of "anything." The question was about evidence of an explosion and the answer was not stupid.
What's going on YAHOO? Why does the story say "Reuters – 1 hour 43 minutes ago", when the "OLDEST COMMENT" is 1 day old? You're running a bunch of stories with this "problem".
Yahoo just wants to create an image that is bringing us fresh news.
So we are able to Tell what a star that is millions light years away looks like.....and we fail to find our own ON the earth....how tragic!
" The airline said other nationalities included 38 Malaysians, seven Indonesians, six Australians, five Indians, four French and three Americans." . . .hmm . . .where are the two "Canadians" mentioned in other stories?
Could be as simple as the windshield just popped out or broke at 500 mph??
Good point or oxygen deprivation or carbon monoxide.
or landed hijacked without ID itself in some welcoming airport?
Well, if I were to guess foul play, you can bet your bottom that it was either some brainwashed bloody Communist or another filthy Muslim Jihadist.....
with all of the modern technology, its difficult to understand why this disappeared without a trace..Terrible tragedy and if nothing is found, no closure for the families.
official story lost all credibility at `us source"...
the more that they say it isnt terrorism, the more certain we should be that it was. muzlumz
Be patient people. You'll find out exactly what happened to the jet on the next edition of A&E's "Worst Air Disasters". I watch that show the evening before I board a flight. I find it sets the mood.
Iranians with names including Mohammad and fake passports...gotta be Al Queda.
something is fishy here, let's hear the real story
I thought they found a white and red object in the ocean and said, it was the door of the missing airplane. Where did that story go to?
That was a garbage of some sort...
John: I just watched a video, that stated that a door was found of the aircraft.
just because someone said it in a video it must be true? Officials have said it was not a door.
John: I just watched a video, that stated that a door was found of the aircraft. Photoshop Works!!!!
Dollarshines: One object was yellow with algae or moss on it, the other was an object white with a red middle. That was supposed to be the door of the aircraft.
can they not go to some satallite posssibly owned by another country? They see everything else from space, why not this????
http :// www . jewsnews . co . il/ 2014 /03/ 10/ Malaysian -airlines - missing -passengers - cell - phones - ringing - raises -hijack - concerns /
The plane landed on a island. I got a text message from my friend on the plane. They are having a huge party right now.
Is it the Island of Misfit Morons?
that plane was taken aboard an alien space craft
could it have done an emergency landing on water, and then sunk?
They would have probably made a radio call if they had that much time. Planes don't sink fast if they are intact so they would have been able to get out.
could it be ' terriorist attack ' ..... or ' a bomb inside the plane ' .... or ' the malaysian aircraft engine is too old to have oil leak with sudden turn off engine then explorison ' ??? waiting for the news media for a definite answer of this incident. everything need evidence.
any chance of landing at a private airstrip somewhere? No wreckage, no trace.
well they did find an oil slick so it went down maybe some submarines might help
If that plane is still flying around , it has run out of fuel a long time ago.
"Unprecedented?" At least you have physical evidence .... like EVERY plane crash. The Amelia Earhart mystery is "unprecedented."
I seem to recall floaties on the surface at other sinkings, some debris. a breakup at 33000 would leave cushions and other things on the surface. this aircraft seems to have planed right into the water.
My troll Flabbo commenting on another subject it knows ZERO about......sorry troll
some cia terrorists will put it up for ransom soon
It's like you *enjoy* bragging about your ignorance.
Just saw a video released by the CIA. The narrator kept saying over and over again, with repeated emphasis: "NOT A MISSILE!".
= why does the united states not take a B 52 or whatever loaded with parts of boeing aircraft taken from scrapped aircraft from dumps - - then have this bomber fly to the last known location and altitude of the missing boeing - - have the bomb bay doors open and drop the parts - - ( oh this would confuse the search - only if you are stupid ) - if you are smart all the parts are painted fluorescent orange - with many having G P S waterproof/shockproof cellphones attached - and all of them having World War two Identify Friend Foe devices attached ( I don't know but I have been told during WW 2 - british has no trouble identifying their stuff from german stuff - because they attached a piece of metal - like a V - which Had a bend on the ends - these were apparently small BUT THEY WERE TUNED TO THE BRITISH RADAR frequency - - some weather patterns change but if the high / low air streams stay remotely the same as the time of tragedy / and if the ocean currents stay anywhere near the conditions during the time of the tragedy then doing this should get them way closer to what they are looking for SOONER = TWO - get a World War 2 bomber navigator - say Aircaft here / long / lat - - his max air speed possible is ? - - - he has such and such fuel left - - - he could only stay in the air for so long - - draw a circle on a map - plane in the center of only possible locations ( include a tad distance for possible last bit of glide ) - - why when most WW 2 guys dead would I ask for WW2 bomber navigator ? - - those guys did millions of point of no return calculations daily - load and no load - tail wind important - like gee if you plane can fly ? 200 mph should you think about 300 mph jet stream ? well WW2 did - they HAD TO = What a world when I was a kid you did not worry about terrorists al quada was a mexican food only the rich could buy - - hijacking and bombs ? - - - life would seem to be a dream but sometimes out there is a big nightmare
- #$%$ and conspiracy theories - - it is easy to criticize the authorities and experts - - but there are 7 billion people on the planet - - if you took the authorities and experts away and replaced them with the other 6 . 8 billion those people would NOT be working on this as fast and the authorities - - the 6.8 billion lay man would be in nervous shock CATATONIC - - unable to think - this is just same pile different stuff - - just like any other world crisis - - all heck broke loose - - they got a ten billion piece cross word puzzle and one million pieces are missing - - no conspiracy just ONE BIG MESS - THIS MESS NEEDS TO BE SOLVED AND FIXED - - AND HELPED - - pray tell how do any of some of these stupid CONSPIRACY THEORIES HELP ???????????
I wonder if alien abduction has been ruled out????
I am pretty sure that elisabeth hasselbeck and whole republican party are behind this.
Would you like somebody to tickle your liberal beaver?
I am sure Shirley Maclain knows where it is with her crystal ball.
let's see here: Muzlumz country in an area where muzlumz have been carrying out machete attacks. 2 muzlumz pilots. missing stolen passports a missing airliner. nope, no chance of terror.
It can only be one of two places ... at the bottom of the ocean or in the hold of a UFO ...
There is evidence, but not strong that it was a bomb. Specifically this: "There were no signals from ACARS from the time the aircraft disappeared," and then the two stolen passports.
Maybe they are all on a island? anyone seen the show "Lost"
all the answer s hanging....tsk tsk tsk ...scarry to go travel..f by plane were not safe...anymore ..terrorist strike at anytime n anywhere...
possible that US is involved in this so they can blame iran or russia
plane is being loaded with a nuclear weapon or bio agents to be sent at the usa by muzlumz
Do you believe on BERMUDA incident? I guess it’s another Time travelled like Bermuda New age & new technology! Giant object like planes won’t go missing so easily! A MAS 777 plane has its best technology and communication devices being monitored and connected all time just like other airline! Till today, its’ still no GPS from this plane being detected, no sign of crashes, no trace of landing and nobody knows where it’s gone? Support my arguments; 1. Crashed? a. Planes have its technology to float on the sea “by right” b. If its fall and sunk to the seabed, means there are damages to the body of the planes c. If there are damaged to the plane, why we unable to find single floating damaged parts of the plane? 2. Hijack a. Related to the missing passport & identified suspects… well, can’t really identify where they came from & where they gone! This open to any possibilities b. If the MAS777 head in a different direction, via sea or land… c. Are there any country will allow unusual planes / flying object goes through above their country without pre-notified or agreed? The answer is NOPE! please check up international airway map d. Means it’s gone above sea BUT the plane’s oil enough to? 3. Time travelled a. Greenhouse effect & climate change & global warming… its’ could lead the BERMUDA magnetic effects travel anytime to anywhere b. This is what I worried about… This could turn out the worst disaster ever. Note: no facts, no supporting documents but imply of my imagination. I AM JUST THINK TOO MUCH, DO YOU?
That's how we already know it blew up
I went to Bermuda before (part of the Bermuda Triangle, duh) from a business trip and obviously i am still back in one piece so really, there's nothing much to see or say about the 'mystery' of Bermuda triangle other than hearsay.
You have wasted a lot of your precious time. Heehehehehehehehehe. LOL.
With the advanced in technology, I wonder does anyone or company explored the possibility of installing airbags on the modern commercial jets. Similar to what we have in automobile, but these have to be mounted externally on existing air-frame without affecting aerodynamic. The main objectives of these airbags are to inflate upon disaster struck, so as to enabled a commercial jets to make emergency sea landing or to land on water surface without sinking.
Talk to the aviation experts and not to the KPKB people here. Heehehehehehehehehehehehehe. LOL.
Maybe we are spending too much time in sea search. what about deploying some assets for land search too. area north n north east of mainland Malaysia and south and south west of Vietnam. Helicopters and soldiers should be used for land search.
Perhaps the plane has been hijacked by the 2 suspicious passengers and landed on some remote location with the transponder switched off. Whatever the case is, let's all pray for the safe return of all passengers and crews on board flight MH370.
Whatever the case, it is a nut case. Heehehehehehehehe. LOL.
Please search undersea 100m depth in IGARI area base on eyewitness 1.30am fisherman following trajectory and speed. Thank you.
But the sea depth in that area is much deeper than 100m
Ti kum ti kum. Heehehehehehehehehehehe. LOL.
Home Affairs Minister said 2 men had Asian facial feature, DCA head said they did not look like Asian.
What do you think ???????? Heehehehehehehehe. LOL.
During my school day ,Iwas told regardless where you are,the US has the technology to trace and what you were doing.How come for this jet unable to do it!
Lots of extra security seen here especially on the MRT, something they are not telling us? Mind you most people don't notice anything whilst staring at their phones in zombie mode!
MRT can fly to 35,000 feet above ground ??????????? Heehehehehehehehehe. LOL.
How did the two Iranian men ended up in Kuala Lumpur and boarded MH 370? Meaning the two men entered Malaysia with the stolen passports.
When they have stolen passports all other relevant matters will be available including the entry / exit permits which are stamping marks on the passports. All these are easily fabricated. The HQ of all stolen passports are in Bangkok. They can easily change the photos. Bangkok is also good for all types of imitations. The passports are sold to any person who requires it thru a middleman. Of course the price is quite high and they have passports from / for different countries. So when travelling to Bangkok make sure to take care of your own passports. There are also some passport holders sold their passports in open market as they are either broke and needs money for drugs.
they entered Malaysia with their own passports, (which they are entitled to do) but boarded the plane with the false documents for migration to a country they are not permitted to be in with the proper visas...
The plane did not crash 1) how likely is it that we are unable to find any debris belonging to such a huge airliner? 2) What are the odds that those guys on false passports had nothing to do with the whole situation? The MH370 is still somewhere out there. But how it has managed to remain undetectable, is the real question.
1. It takes time. All depends on your luck. 2. Gambling odds ?????? Heehehehehehehehehe. LOL.
E=MC2 . Nothing in the world can travel faster than the speed of light. Thus time travel is impossible.
Cannot rule out possibility that plane was hijacked and flown somewhere covertly...as usually a downed plane would leave some traces of debris
gw, the transponder went dark at 35,000ft which means it stops transmitting altitude so then they can descend and fly under radar. Its possible.
Judy they would have been out of cell phone range over the Gulf of Thailand.
gw, it would have to be very low, yes even a 777 could do it. I said it was possible, I didn't said it was likely. Judy, does your cell phone work at sea? Mine doesn't unless I'm very close to land. Yes, even here in the US, land of technology.
my heart goes out to the families of flight MH370 passengers.
maybe the plane has been purposely landed in some place around Vietnam ?! possible? since so many days of searching did not gives rise to any findings at the sea.
1.. ironic.. using US spy satellites.. 2. malaysian police official saying "There have been two or three incidents,.." so was it two or three? he doesn't even know? gee... 3. looking asian ... like chinese asian or indian asian or middle eastern asian or Kazakhstan asian many of whom are blond and have blue eyes?
so where all this technology it hasn't come in handy yet
if sea search found nothing on sea and it mean the plane may have landed somewhere around asia on land.
when a large object disintegrate in air and blown into pieces . how to find parts in sea , deep sea some more ?
*****The travel agent in the resort of Pattaya said an Iranian business contact she knew only as "Mr. Ali" had asked her to book tickets for the two men on March 1.**** If it was a Mr Ali, then it can be terrorism. Airlines must take special precautions against such people !!
Is it possible that the plane was hijacked the minute it departs and by the time we realise it has been 3 hours already and the plan could be anywhere....that may be why we cannot find anything? Do we want look at possibility that it landed somewhere....instead ????
@Angel, you may have a point. I would think something had happened in the cabin between the time the plane was about the attitude when the seat belt sign was off till it was on the levelling mode at 35000 feet. If it was a hijack, then someone already penetrated to the cockpit and had the crew under control. The plane could have been taken over by someone who knew how to fly it. Had knowledge to disable all the necessary equipment so that it could be least detected. Then flew at low level. However, those military radar, say at Penang could easily detect movement even at lower levels. Possibility of landing maybe at Sumatra, say in province of Aceh ? It is less populated on the northern tip of Sumatra. The other remote possibility could be landing across southern Thailand (not so probably since that part is more populated). I am just wondering, why Malaysian air force did not scramble their jets when they first spot the plane over straits of Malacca ? Penang has an air base there !
The world must be careful with dealing with the Iranians and other. .Anyone can be dangerous.in this case the iran man .
NO!!!!! BAN All Batteries made in RACIST ARIZONA ASAP!
I think YAHOO is disintegrating the way they publish these crazy allegations, why not say ALIENS took the plane. YAHOO is going downhill with all there advertising I am ready for a new website.
we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!! we caught you liars! LIARS!!!!
I think we're going to see a big, probably around a billion dollar, ransom demand soon. Too much points to it. There are always people traveling for large corporations on those flights and the terrorists know it. I just feel sorry for the other passengers because unless their governments are willing to pay for them, they are a liability and therefore expendable.
They were muslim. Live like a terrorist and die by a terrorist. Who cares, that many less terrorists on the earth now. I feel a lot safer today.
So if it were terrorists why haven't they claimed credit? Oh wait you're a moron so it's moot point.
A group called the Chinese Martyr Brigade has claimed responsibility. Also, the oil slick was tested and is not from the plane.
not possible. you would have seen FAR more debris on the oil field. so far they only see 1 thing. my bet is that hijackers took this plane had no idea what hey were doing could not make any demands because they could not figure out the radio and by that time, passengers had tried to take over them cockpit. then the plane plunged into the ocean head on. god rest their souls.
My first thought when reading this...."how did two Asian men with Italian and Australian passports board this plane?". I dislike speculating especially so early in the case but I can't help but wonder, was there someone checking passports involved in this? Sadly, with no evidence of the plane ever being found this tragedy may never be solved. May the passengers and crew rest in peace and may their families find the strength to get through this.
They are all safe on an island, although occassionally the trees shake and a loud roaring noise can be heard. Also one of em used to be in a wheelchair but now finds he can walk.
What sort of Immigration officers are they ? to clear two Asians pretending to be Austrian and Italian ? Were these officers blind ? It could be the joke of 2014 !
That scoundrel Charles Widmore is behind this
This is why the so-called 'black boxes' need 30 day, internal automated distress beacons.
"Missing Malaysian jet may have disintegrated in mid-air, source"......................WHAT???????? GET THE F........UCK OTTA HERE WITH THAT BU11SHT.
Maybe it was like those new 787s that have developed 'cracks'. Made in America !
Did it end up in Cambodia jungle?
THERE WAS 2 GUYS ON THERE WITH STOLEN PASSPORTS!!!!!! I'm sure they are just having a grand time BBQ'n on Gilligan's Island.
Why won't GOD let us find the plane??
Because your Allah blew up along with his virgin questers, which had your allah in their undies.
Awww did Akhmed get BITTER because I said you had no nuts in your panties? At least that Muslim over Detroit had an excuse for being a typical nutless Musim dude. He burned his off! BAHAHAAAAA
I believe I remember reading somewhere that the air traffic control radar really isn't a radar anymore but a didgital radio receiver that then projects the planes information of to the controlers screen. So if that transmitter on the plane is shut off then the plane vanishes from the controler's screen, and even though it may still be flying it can not be found. So if it did change course before its beacon was turned off that would be noticed but after its turn off it becomes impossible to find or see by electronics. So if it was a hijacking the turn could have been to misslead or a mistake. I would bet on a mislead. Then after the transponder was turned off the plane turned again to its new destination totally unknown to anyone except maybe a satallite. If there were any around at the time. But odds are these people know the satalite schedule at least as well as the owners. So where is the 777, well it isn't in the air anymore unless refuled and refinished with a different coat of paint. Also I do not believe it is in the water or wreckage would have been found. So it has to be on land and odds are in favor of a landing or there would have been evidence of a wreck like and explosion and fire. But there is a third alternative it could have crashed on land in a deep lake or on land in some sort of tight revine that would hide the wreckage. Those last two are slim possibilities at best but do need to be considered. Then finally you have to ask yourself why hijack a plane and not ask for some sort of ransom? Or if an act of terror why no claim of responsibility. There is something very different abiut this, and not for the good either.
You'll never see me with a white woman!!!!
You`re not very bright are you?
I will pretend I didn't hear that!!!!
A quote from stone bold days all I gotta says abut dat
So, if you lost your keys and you scoured the last room you were in for 2 days and couldn't find them, then you would have to tell yourself to start looking in another place right? In the Payne Stewart airplane tragedy that plane traveled over 400 miles off it's course before it crashed. I hope that they expand their search over land, and can bring closure for the loved ones waiting for news.
I think they were right in an early report that said it could have been a missile from North Korea on its way down that may have caught the plane in the same path and blew it out of the sky.
Attention Inquiring Minds: bomb or military shoot down
Lil Wmd bush and Deadeye cheney still wanting to get into a war for their oil!!!
learn that Obama and Bush serve the same master. "The Creature From Jekyll Island," (Edward Griffin) pulls their strings.
One would think they can use a satellite to search in this day and age. It does not make sense that nothing is found so far. I believe the jet didn't crash, it must have been hijacked and taken somewhere else.
bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo! bufu yahoo!
Policemen talk to a staff member of the Six Stars Travel in Pattaya, Chonburi province, Thailand, Monday, March 10, 2014. The agency told police that it had issued the tickets used by the holders of two stolen passports on Flight MH370 last Thursday. The owner said the reservations were placed by another travel agency, Grand Horizon Travel, which in turn told police that it had received the order from the China Southern Airlines office in Bangkok. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit) The Thai travel agent who booked the tickets for the men told the Financial Times on Monday that she had been asked to arrange the travel by an Iranian contact.
several months ago I read online that the terrorists were going to target planes, maybe this is their first attempt, but they are so vain they have to tell everyone that they are the ones who did it....maybe they think a surprise bombing is the best way to go, as our country tells everyone everything and then blames us for it and then we are investigated and spied on.... unreal...
U.S. Navy in the AO where the Vietnamese Navy saw the oil slicks. Despite a search, no debris was found. The U.S. has reviewed satellite images of the area and say their is no evidence of a high altitude explosion . The exploding air pressure of the cabin, the altitude, could have all resulted in the debris of the plane, everything being spread over a very wide area. 40 ships, dozens of planes, something has to float to the top of the water, wash up to a shoreline . If the plane simply broke apart at that altitude, would the U.S. satellite have picked it up as an explosion, high altitude "disturbance"??????
must say the "ground troops" may not have been thorough enough.. possibly overlooking important details which may suggest something if they spare a 2nd thought over.
eg. when asked pertaining if the oil sample picked up by the maritime authority for evaluation was the from the same slicks reportedly sighted , the answer sound unsure followed with a defend of the sole dicretion of their search party.