If MAS wants to get back into profitable airline, drastic changes have to be made. These two tragedies are just warnings of the worst things to come. I would start fresh with new name, CEO's and modest fleet of planes exclude A380's. Whoever decided to buy or purchase a fleet of A380's is a moron and deserved to be fired.
Since MAS is a government owned Airline the first thing they should do is to revoke the air operators certificate for AirAsia. That would eliminate the competition in a country that is too small to have two big Airlines. AirAsia's financial margin is only 1 1/2 percent so a one time crash or major event will sink that Airline anyway. The salaries at MAS are also way out of place as they are way higher than European salaries which are also too high. They need to reduce salaries of full time employees by 60 to 70 percent to bring more in line with southeast Asian salaries and economics. They also need to get rid of corruption in the Airline at all levels, especially the purchasing departments.
Hi Charlie: Your last sentence is the most relevant, but also generally impossible as a tactical action by any state-associated enterprise in Malaysia. That's where all of the soft-currency payback takes place in so many of the second world countries, and so especially, in Malaysia. Unfortunately, the organization is rotten from the inside out, and the segment of government that oversees and interacts with the aviation industry is as incompetent and detached as it can possibly be.
There are a lot of people in various parts of the world who spend a great deal of their time blaming other people for their problems. Most of them are actually just their own worst enemies. Poor Malaysia Airlines actually has some valid excuses. Probably won't do them any good though.
Yeah, when your plane gets shot down and your pilot blows a gasket, you can fix those things.
After laying off 20,000 workers, passengers in the first row of the plane will be asked to pilot the plane. Passengers nearest the galley will run the beverage cart.
Malaysia Airlines seems to be the new Carnival Cruise Lines.
or any cruise line for that matter
I wonder how cruise ships rate as a safe way to travel, as compared to flying?
Yeah, both accidents are probably freak occurrences, but I would feel a bit sketchy about getting on one of their flights right now too. It's hard to trump good old human paranoia.
They should cut their losses and liquidate the company. They will never recover the public confidence they had in the past.
Easy, start selling assets and liquidate the company. The aircraft can be sold off and or the leases on them deferred back to the broker. Change the name and start over in 5 years.
Perhaps decrease distant to faraway places like Europe and team up with airlines to finish up the long-haul to Europe. Remake advertising image and rename the company may help.
The company is trying to stay afloat. Too bad its planes can't.
I don't know, but after losing an airliner full of passengers, then having one shot down over a known war zone, I'm thinking that is not the airline I want to get me safely to where I want to be.
Woohoo congrats unions!!! you are about to flush another company down the toilet, it's time to celebrate and declare victory, don't party too hard at the unemployment lines.
The 370 Malaysian flight or the first one down cannot be found. Even with all the advanced technology we cannot find one plane. How much we don't know is amazing!
Well, our technology only covers so much of the Earth. There are lots of places we don't watch because it's not worth our time.
How much "we" don't know? Speak for yourself. Google "boeing uninterruptible autopilot" and you will know what happened to Flt. 370.
Lower your fairs and you will sell more seats. Keep lowering the fares until the flights are full.
How come they told us everything about the cargo manifest of MH 17 ....BUT we are still waiting for the cargo manifest of MH 370 , so many weeks later ? Fishy as fishy lies goes . And "YOU" still can vote and feel "represented" by those liars , in politics ? They call it being SadoMaso.So: you are just perverts !
Pray to Allah, I am sure he will help you out. Look what Allah has done for Iraqi Airlines.
Some governments, interested in nationalizing their industries under the leadership of cronies, could sabotage those industries so that the industries are purchased for pennies on the dollar. Thoughts?
How about those black boxes from flight MH17 that are in England? Were they ever going to make those public or do we just have to take the governments word?
Is it, I was asking for the information from the boxes. The only pushing your theory is you. So what's your issue today? From reading your comments you seem to be a party hack, stuck on promoting one of the two mafia families. Claim the NSA is tracking everything, yet support the people running the show.
They've made the flight path animated using the data from the black boxes. They have not released the audio. That's going to be part of the report, which is due.
Raymon, you're a shill, either knowingly or unknowingly. What difference is it if the governments concerned simply pronounce what happened, as opposed to releasing the contents of the black boxes - contents which they themselves "retrieved"?
The box is no use when the plane was shot down since it provides no help in finding out what had happened. It might pick up conversation between the pilot and co-pilot or others. It's just a voice recorder like a tape recorder as far I know.
@ToughOne, If it's no help, than you could careless about it being released. @Scare, care to back up your assertion?
Raymon, what assertion? I made no assertion. You implied that the government's word can't be trusted, yet you think that releasing the contents of the black boxes, which the government has retrieved, scrutinized and had in its possession to do with whatever they want, will somehow give a truthful account. I'm merely pointing out the illogical nature of your reasoning. Let me spell it out clearly. Do you think that a government bent on lies would reveal a truthful account of whatever the black boxes showed? If that's what you think, I'll have some of whatever you've been smoking.
Malaysia lost ONE plane so far . The one blown off the Ukrainian skies , by... "who knows" ? The other one is just missing , misplaced or parked somewhere...by , "they know" . So , let's have it... Where is the second one ? Ask the right people who know , since they made it happen !
I find it baffeling that any crash evidence from flight MH370 has yet to be found. I still believe that aircraft was diverted to some airstrip and all the passengers were executed.
alternative theory: some abominable snowmen hijacked it and crashed it in Scotland where the Loch Ness Monster ate it.
Or it went through a portal and was eaten by the Langoliers.
Google "boeing uninterruptible autopilot" and you will know what happened to Flt. 370.
Silence from Kiev & the US, video of bullet holes in the plane, Ukrainian jets in the area but hey the truth here wont fit with the US propaganda on Russia and was a great diversion while Israelis were committing war crimes in Gaza
Malaysia had war crimes trials against US. US shot down two Malaysian aircraft to punish.
As I said 5 months ago, after the flight 370 disappearance, Malaysia is being targeted by the world's financial manipulators because of its stance against the so-called New World Order and the outspoken criticism of some of its leaders against the US government's lies concerning the events of "9/11". Organized jewry doesn't like it when entire countries buck its system.
Notice how the MH17 tragedy suddenly disappeared from the headlines when Russia released the evidence that shows that Kiev took it down.
What we notice is that Joe LIES. Care to try and document your propaganda, Joe?
Are you one of those Russian Right Wingers Joe? Or maybe...Joevitsky
Go online and look at the radar and satellite images yourself. Or wait for the ones the US said they have...
Just because the plane fell in the Ukrainian borders does NOT mean that Ukraine shot it down, Joevitsky. The Russians are trying to remake the Soviet Union, starting off with Ukraine and invaded them.
joe, i looked and the images prove that you are a liar!
Where's the latest news on what is being done when a passenger airliner is shot out of the sky?? It amazes me how horrific that was and it's no longer "in the news"???
A black man killed by a white cop and race riots were obviously more important to the US media. They gave up on that story after those "sanctions" were issued.
The Dutch have not completed the MH17 investigation or released the report.
Who would have thought that the loss of two planes would result in sales going down?
the article is written by captain obvious
The only time I fly MH now is between Singapore and KL. Most of my friends in ASEAN think MH is cursed.
Flying over a war zone to save some gas. They deserve this!
They were re-routed over the war zone by Ukrainian ATC.
Other airlines were doing the same thing. But then, for some perverse reason, some people just enjoy blaming the victims.
they were re-routed by edward snowden,the loss of lives is the worst case here.this is a volatile world and will continue to be until we look at reality without the "game-show" reality glasses.
I feel bad for the passengers not the airline.
You don't want to fly on an airline that is losing a lot of money. They begin to cut corners and reduce service.
Perhaps they should stop hiring Muslim pilots.
Kind of impossible in a majority Muslim country.
I just don't get this. I try to look flight schedule to see how much it costs to fly from LA to KL today and guess what I have found. The ticket price is among the highest and I wonder how MAS will survive.
If they got empty seats and they're going where I'm going, I'll fly them. I'm tired of getting stuffed into airplanes at 10 pm like sardines in a tin.
they need to put some Jews in charge of that Islamic airplane mess
One thing not disappearing with Malaysia Air,,,,,Their Ticket Prices
Friends don't let friends fly on Malaysia Airlines nor Asiana Airlines.
Not one seat cushion has washed ashore yet. Where's the plane.
Malyaysia Airlines is not bad. They lost one plane and the other was shot down. Can not blame them for getting shot down. Lots of Arlines lose planes all the time.
@Don - 'Lots of Arlines lose planes all the time.' Really? Such as...
This is tough for any business. People will avoid flying this airlines at all costs, nobody would let their family or love ones fly on it.
They are losing money almost as fast as the US.
These guys are done. Sell to a different carrier and re-brand.
They will be looking for a bale out Best to dissolve this airlines as it is not up to standards to begin with Let them fry fish head and cook rice
The last I read it is believed the US shot it down and that the US has warned them to "SHUT UP" with any more "news" concerning this "miss-hap".
well...there's always the crop dusting business.
Speaking of "losses", has MA wrote out a check to American taxpayers yet?