Fred, frequencies do not change, the amplitude received might, but not the frequency. Besides they are designed with this factor, depth, in mind. What I don't understand is why they, the black boxes, were not designed to be ejected from the plane upon impact. Planes flying over water could have a long tether line which would reach the surface of the water and act as a buoy to pinpoint the probable location of the crashed aircraft. Battery life could be extended by having a longer duration between beeps, say once every five minutes. Even a plane hitting the ground would eject its black boxes the tether line would cease to unfold one the box hit some adjoin piece of ground. Now get this, once the boxes were ejected they could be configured to upload all of their data to satellites. We wouldn't need to have the boxes in hand to figure out what was said or what went wrong.
Steve take a look at Meteor Crater, They have estimated its size and mass, but not one iota of the Asteroid has been found only the impact residue. Micro pellets of some heavy elements, all kinds of lignites, pyrites and other compound elements. That's my test. Admittedly the Jet didn't hit the water at forty thousand miles an hour but six plus hundred miles an hour could do a lot of damage to a plane held together with glue and nuts and bolts.
Norman, Why are the so called experts NOW, deciding to test their THEORY's? The proof of the Meteor? - is the Crater exists.
Everything in China is a bubble effect. It looks rich cause its ppl went out to shop five times more than the other tourists. What ppl don't know is that its ppl have to pay high excise tax and heavy imported tax on the products they purchase in China; therefore, they'd rather go shopping overseas. Most of the ppl in the country are poor. Only one percent of them can afford to travel. Most ot the fortune belongs to the state, of which the officials can spend government's money on personal use like socialzing. Now China is helping to search the wrekage of the missing Malaysian flight, but its technology is not reliable and efficient. For instance, the ice breaker ship tried to rescue a boat but it turned out it needed to be rescued itself by America's about two months ago.
Wow...America's ice breaking technology is second to none in the world! You guys must be like gods or something. Better keep your ice breaking tech safe before others steal it. However, I'm wondering where does this seemingly intrinsic need for Americans to brag about stupid sh*t like this come from? Is it because your nation is in decline and you have a subconscious need to prove to yourselves that you are still relevant in the world?
Take a 350,000 kg hollowed out piece of aerodynamic aluminum and let it hit a liquid surface with a density of 1020 kg/m3 at terminal velocity. Then let the million or so pieces sink about 3900 meters under salt water. I think we can safely say a black box won't help at this point. You are left with relying on what floats. Unfortunately not much and what does would be swept away by ocean currents which widen the search by 40 km2 every day it's been in the ocean (47 days). This late into the search you would have more of a chance winning the lottery while getting hit by lightning and developing a cure to the common cold all at once.
Or it landed somewhere, my theory...
Exactly Stephen......, I'm with you on that one.
It doesn't matter if China has a fully functional Blue Water Navy Because The United States Blue water Navy would blow them to % $/% before they could get close enough to fire a shot.
Then what are you worried about?
I might be a liberal but I am not a hippie. I have no problem with dropping a nuke on a Chinese navy ship. I would actually have more problems with attacking a Chinese navy ship with American navy ships, I would love to drop nukes on China. Lets get to the point already, nuke China and eliminate Chinese jobs that steal American jobs. Create a trade embargo, tax Chinese imports, make sure no Chinese person can travel to America. I might be liberal but that means I support a liberal use of nukes against China. Hippies can suck it.
@Mary, you'd run around naked with your kids and husband in an empty kitchen and house without Chinese imports. They're not the problem, the problem is American companies outsourcing manufacturing to other countries. Of course they're going to export and at a cheaper price because of cheaper labor and have a ready market in the USA. They don't have labor unions with ten people sitting on their fat behinds taking the job of one at a ridiculous pay rate. They produce a decent product at a decent price. If you want to pay a higher price for a soon-to-be recalled product, do so-that's the American way. Yeah, all we need to do is nuke China with one fifth of the world's population and nuke weapons--better start learning Chinese, Ms. Liberal. One nuke on a Chinese navy ship? And where is the radioactive mushroom cloud going to go before you're vaporized by their retaliation. Stupid liberal, or nonthinking person in general. Dumb, Dumb, Dumb!
The US lost jobs to China through greed. Manufacturing jobs were lost one after another because of outsourcing and bigger, much bigger, profits for companies which pay sweet f all tax. Not only that, the US government allowed the 1% to set up offshore offices in tax havens which meant even less tax paid, more jobs lost, and a need to recoup more from the 99%. Think about this at election time.
David is on to something when he mentions "greed". But, he's blaming the wrong people. You have to understand that businesses only sell stuff that people will buy and the company will make a profit on. So, if the greedy American consumer didn't buy cheap imported products, business would not sell them.
Mary is just upset that she's out of work and that her country is in decline. Nuke this, nuke that...all talk...just a bunch of #$%$.
Every talking head states that China will be able to challenge the US Navy for many years. As the US military contracts, the Chinese military expands. As the US wastes resources on weapons systems that are not terrific, and retire those systems that are, the Chinese keep stealing technology and build newer weapons systems. We had in production a tremendous weapons system, the F22, but those who think they are smarter decided it cost too much, the F-35 was a better value. The F-35 appears to have gotten as expensive, isn't as capable and the F-22 was taken out of production. The military wants to retire the A-10, yet there isn't a weapon system that exists or is on the design board that has the A-10's capabilities. The F/A-18 might go out of production, terrific airframe, very capable and can be upgraded, but the military talking heads want the newest thing, yet the newest thing isn't working as expected. The US is designing and building ships that will not be able to undertake a challenge by the Chinese. To me as a taxpayer and degree engineer something is rotten in the way the so-called leaders think. I am of the opinion that the world has changed so fast that the military planners can't keep up. The government has become so bureaucratic that it cannot react to changes.
Also I think the government should only have some control on the military.
Yes, that's what people say in countries right before the military takes over the government.
...lack of guaranteed port access? I would guess that such access grows from the barrel of a gun.
They may be outstanding in commerce, math and science but this government is very poor in spiritual knowledge. A godless state which believes only in the power of man will soon be surprised to learn the truism of the sacred teaching, "what ye sow, ye shall reap." All of the past super powers had all learned this and had ceased in colonizing weaker countries as it had caused the colonizing powers eventual decline and downfall. China must learn from the past, as those who do not look back to their past are bound to repeat them.
Feminism hate men, women supports feminism, so stop/avoid association with women. Do not marry and do not produce children, this solves all problems now and future. If feminist pick a fight, ignore. If they destroy your property, go to the court. http://komyushou.ucoz.ru/ No one is stupid enough to go to war for Obozo and feminists whom want you castrated any day. Google "feminist myth" to find out feminist is making fake statistics, portraying women as disadvantaged to get our tax dollar to spread hate. You don`t compromise with someone that is not back up with hard science/math. You don`t compromise with someone talking in emotional views
Very interesting that you comment on the past . Lets see China is 5000 years old and USA only 200+ but the USA has many more internal problems than China . I think china has learned quite a bit. as how to win a war with out firing a shot
John, are you seriously thinking that China has more internal problems than the US? Their pollution is many times worse than ours, their population is aging much faster than they are going to be able to support. Their corruption puts ours to shame. They are culturally rigid so they are catching up to us in large part by stealing or copying our technology so don't expect them to pass us up when they do catch up. There are a lot of very intelligent Chinese and they are very hard working but they have some huge internal problems. It would be in their best interest to try and work with other countries than to try to bully them. We will see if their leaders are smart enough to figure that out.
But the US was a colonizing power. Do you think that's what's causing its current decline and downfall?
CNN has become super obsessed with this "story", giving hours of airtime to it each day when NOTHING NEW has happened. I'm not sure why they are doing it, since people by now have to be tuning them out because of their overemphasis on the importance of this story.
About two months ago I inserted a comment from a person writing to the local paper that the plane could have landed in the Kuala Lumpur area, so maybe he was correct. (Note, I said "could have" NOT did land.) Terrorist might want to repaint the plane and use it as a weapon, ala Sept 11th, with or w/o the hostages.
The world should be embarrassed by what is going on with this situation.. It has been nothing but delays and excuses... Why wait unit the pings are almost gone before putting the ping finder in the water.?? Why are they using only ONE vehicle to try and find the plane under water(if it is even there??) Why are all the countries in the area so paranoid that they may give away some military secret by using the equipment that might actually help find this plane?? Why are they NOT telling all they know. I.E. Cell phones were likely on in that plane and they could one find one connection to a cell tower??? RIGHT... Have they even checked the cell records of the passenger on the plane to see if any calls were attempted??? Why is it that we (planet earth)can send a rocket ship to deep space but can't find this plane. We can pick up a rock on the moon and/or mars but can't find this plane...Sadly ,or pathetically, they will probably find Amelia Earhart or the lost city of Atlantis before they ever find this plane.. Feel so sorry for the families who had loved ones on this plane.
Absolute Hogwash - China's purchasing of world gold reserves and gold mining companies together with their backing of their currency with gold in a very real calculated plan to have the next world reserve currency puts them in a position to have any ports they want. Gold has historically been known as "Portable Lands" and any small island off the coast of Africa or Australia, a Oil Rig on a continental shelf, even floating aircraft carriers could be positioned anywhere as "resupply depots". while writers of articles like this lull the ignorant into appearances that belie the true currents in Geo-political trends.
JPaul: Gold = portable land? You're cleverly slipping a plug for gold in mid-sentence sounds like you have some positions on gold. Good try, though.
While you have a right to your opinion, you're going to witness very soon what J.Paul is talking about Levine.
Its actually conservatives that support business relations with China that keeps us from simply dropping a nuke on China. Nuke China, end trade with China and you will create American jobs.
But if you drop a nuke on China, will there still be an America for you to create jobs in? I mean, this ain't the 1940's..America isn't the only country with nukes anymore.
The news is a propaganda insinuating China has a strong first class navy with a vulnerability. The fact is that the entire Chinese navy is vulnerable. In terms of number of ships and fire power, China's navy is not even equal to the smallest US naval fleet, the 3rd , let alone the Pacific 7th. The war mongers and MIC are instilling fear in the mind of the American people so that more money is spent on war machines and ultimately, wage wars. As the Cold War arms race has ended, they have demonized China as the Boogie Man in lieu of the Russian Bear in order to kick start another arms buildup.
That Russian Bear isn't dead and coming back it seems...
A shortage of equipment and locations is a drawback that for China, can be somewhat easily remedied; bankruptcy, deep-seated governmental incompetence and corruption, neglected infrastructure, dilapidated primary education, a yawning moral vacuum, and an atrophied industrial base are much more serious, much more intractable strategic problems which would--and should--gravely trouble US leaders, if any remained--which they don't. America's governmental-financial elite has mostly jettisoned, or better stated, sold off its patriotism a few decades ago. The Clintons, Bushes, and Obamas are not, except in a nominal sense, Americans, just like Fony Blair is no Englisman, and Sarkozy is no Frenchman--they belong to a tiny, malevolent global elite whose flag is the banner of selfish 'apres moi le deluge' greed. This article is nothing more than whistling in the dark, a comforting, but ultimately meaningless 'silver lining' to an otherwise bleak prospect of continuing American decline--perpetrated by the Washington-Wall Street elite and, alas, aided and abetted by the ignorance and complacence of the American public.
In short, USA is s c r - e w big time. Welcome to the Chinese Century, again!
Unless they also get sold out by their elite--which appears to be the case. Still, the Chinese government thieves are doing a bit more for their people in general than the US government thieves--although that's setting the bar mighty low, well, to the floor, actually, because can one actually get lower than the Clintons, Bushes, and Obamas? What's is even more sickening than the criminality of these 'people' is their evident belief that they are actually 'philanthropists', that they are dedicated to improving the lot of the common man when, in fact, their interests is the only one they serve--and their interest is diametrically opposed to ours, for instance mandatory 'healthcare' in the hands of corporations, and endless, pointless wars.
@Patrick - brilliantly written, and unfortunately, very true.
Feminism hate men, women supports feminism, so stop/avoid association with women. Do not marry and do not produce children, this solves all problems now and future. If feminist pick a fight, ignore. If they destroy your property, go to the court. http://komyushou.ucoz.ru/ No one is stupid enough to go to war for Obozo and feminists whom want you castrated any day. Google "feminist myth" to find out feminist is making fake statistics, portraying women as disadvantaged to get our tax dollar to spread hate. You don`t compromise with someone that is not back up with hard science/math. You don`t compromise with someone talking in emotional views
@Aaabbbbcccc - you do realize don't you, that both female and male share the 'x' chromosome ( females having 'xx' and men 'xy' chromosomes) - and therefore all men are already half female. Somehow, sadly I think that you just might have lost touch with your feminine side.
I rather imagine that all the major navies of the world have been aware of this for many years. Fortunately they don't need to utilize this source for strategic information. Did you know that the US Navy doesn't need small pacific islands for coaling stations any more?
By 2050, China will still be 30 years behind the U.S. militarily. They have never sought to expand thier boundaries, outside of Tibet, and they haven't the mindset. They will however, keep stealing and buying American military secrets.
Makes no sense. So you're saying in 2050, China will still be like the US in 2020. Considering you don't even know what the US will be like in 2020, aren't you just talking out your #$%$?
Issac, under ordinary conditions all of those floatable items probably would float, but in most cases a crash is made at much lower levels of altitude and speeds. A balloon filled with Helium attached to a hundred pound weight dropping from five miles up at six hundred miles an hour, impact speed, will sink far beneath the waves and be crushed by the pressure and never make it back to the surface. That is my point.
Norman, The real point here is has YOUR theory been tested? easy to do. The pings from the "black boxes" heard are on a different frequency than designed - The Temp and depth of the water is said to change that Freq. Has this theory been tested? easy to do. Several handshakes from mh370 to satellites ID'ed has these locations been tested? easy to do. A lot of theory's but no test's of those theory's. WHY???
By golly, they are talking about testing their theory's. Damn theory's are kinda like that, Just theory's until proven.
Every nation's military has a weak spot, we know there's.
One doesn't have to wonder long what the western media would say if China were to utilize the same methods the British and American governments utilized to create their bases in the Indian Ocean and Pacific Ocean--blatant seizure and forced resettlement of indigeneous peoples. Again, an egregious double-standard: when western nations bomb a nation back into the stone age it is humanitarian and pro-democracy, but if the Chinese or Russians do anything, then it is a sinister, imperialistic invasion. And the gullible public swallows this bile!
I'm sure Obama will figure out how to p|ss away any advantage we still have over the Chinese.
As we compete for resources it will be important for all the corporate countries intending to be at war all the time. That will be essentially what young people will die for. Kinda seems like a waste.
War generates profit. So what if a few million people die. Profit margins will be maintained.
What I'm wondering is why don't the professionals admit what, by now is a given. The disappearance of 370 was an act of martyrdom by one or both of the pilots. Every aspect of the flight that has been determined as being credible is they were evading radar, they disabled all tracking devices, climbed to a maximum altitude and crashed the plane into the ocean at maximum speed. Such a crash would virtually destroy all debris at impact. A plane hitting the water at six hundred miles an hour would bury itself down three to four hundred feet. Water pressure would compress all of its parts into heavier than water masses. There would be little to no floating debris on the surface. Black boxes located in two different places on the plane might go in separate directions and be miles apart in a months time.
Not entirely true Norman. I've worked with the airlines and on aircraft via the military my entire life and I'll be one of the first to bring to your attention that there are more loads of equipment including seats that are made to float in cases of impacts such as that. Something isn't adding up Norman and may I add that my prayers go out to the families of this event that the truth of the matter surfaces soon.
Feminism hate men, women supports feminism, so stop/avoid association with women. Do not marry and do not produce children, this solves all problems now and future. If feminist pick a fight, ignore. If they destroy your property, go to the court. http://komyushou.ucoz.ru/ No one is stupid enough to go to war for Obozo and feminists whom want you castrated any day. Google "feminist myth" to find out feminist is making fake statistics, portraying women as disadvantaged to get our tax dollar to spread hate. You don`t compromise with someone that is not back up with hard science/math. You don`t compromise with someone talking in emotional views
Some East African nations might give China permanent access to ports. But its questionable whether or not China needs or wants them. The US military along with the French and other Western militaries are very dominant and powerful in Africa, its doubtful the PLA could just set up shop there. More than likely China might get some port deals with a few Middle Eastern nations that are on bad terms with the US along with some poor Southeast Asian countries.
China is conquering markets while the US is losing them. China is spending 250 billion dollars a year on R&d whereas the US is spending 50 billion. China is leasing farm land in Africa for 99 years while the US is leasing military bases. In so doing China is becoming an economic superpower and is the biggest creditor state wheraes the US is the world's biggest debtor nation. China knows that power resides in money rather than military (although it has the biggest one worldwide) and it has amassed the world's largest reserves. If in doubt ask Obama when he goes hat in hand to China.
So, who's making up these fake news stories and why are we still believing them?
Just a pure theorization analysis of what and who and how, but nothing associated with reality from this article.
So why don't you put out your own analysis of what their plans are?
The US military has an advantage because they have studied and heeded Sun Tzu.
China or at lest those in power at the moment seem to be emphasizing territorial expansion, the European/Japanese model but not necessarily the traditional Chinese model for empire. It seems to me that ancient China ran a huge mercantile empire, establishing trading ties all the way to Africa not based on control of territory. Their merchant marine could take over the world long before the PLA ever got a base outside of East Asia. Grabbing territory from your neighbors doesn't make anyone more amenable to giving you bases.
But couldn't you just build bases on the territory you grabbed?
And so the Chinese have looked at other ways to make up for their less favorable strategic naval situation. All potential enemies of the Chinese have formidable air forces, but unlike the US the other nations which might be military opponents to China, the Chinese have virtually all their missile and military aircraft in hardened concrete underground facilities. Fewer and fewer Chinese air power assets are being held in above ground hangers as they continue with this bunker construction. Very few US military aircraft are housed and maintained underground. And the Chinese are working at feverish pace to utilize space for military purposes. Just saying, this shortcoming of China on the naval front doesn't paint the whole strategic balance.
Agree. These kind of "happy talk" evaluations of Chinese military strength only continue the propaganda that China is not an enemy, or potential credible enemy, to mask their true actions and the enormous profits being made by multinational corporations who are profiting from the lopsided free-trade agreements (in China's favor) between the U.S. and China. Re credibility: it doesn't take much nuclear technology, or delivery systems, to offset the largest advantage in conventional weapons, and China already has more than enough of that.
Unless you've actually served in the airforce, navy or any branch of our armed service and at high levels, you do not know the full extent of our capabilities. Not everything is nor will be disclosed to or for public information. There are planes and weapon well concealed under ground so dont think for one sec that china is the only country doing this.
As far as I know only the US has the capability to reach out and touch assets that are housed underground.
As far as I know, if the US actually had the capability to reach out and touch assets that are housed underground, they wouldn't still be in Afghanistan after 13 years.
I have no dislike for the Chinese nor do I wish them any harm, They a great people with a priceless culture; but, if they attack us they will all starve to death.
@Chuck I like the American people too, but we can only say the Chinese would starve to death faster than the Americans...cuz Americans tend to have a lot more body fat to fall back on.
Talking about true blue navy, China cannot catch up nor will it attemp to catch what the US Navy is now doing worldwide since it knows that the effects would be economically disastrous. . Maybe China will strenghten its naval capabilities. on its immediate peripheral waters.
Depends on what you mean as "catch up." Build 11 aircraft carriers to match the US? No, China will not waste money like that. Build 11 DF-21D carrier missiles to sink 11 aircraft carriers to the bottom of the sea? Yes, China has probably already caught up in that regard and more.
Probably! Probability is very low! :-)
Sure Steven China is so smart and doesn't waste money which is why China is filled with half built ghost cities which will one day lead to a historic collapse of that economy when the housing bubble bursts. Sure sure China more than likely has 11 DF-21D carriers cause they are so cheap and easy to make yet they have but one carrier which is a fossil cause that is completely logical.
After centuries and centuries of being invaded, the Chinese have learned the hard way that they need a strong defense. I`m sure the state leaders find all the planning and posturing on military defense an unpleasant, but necessary, annoyance. They would rather spend the time on infrastructure and environmental concerns, both of which need attention.
Sure Cees, but unlike the US, China doesn't have 17 trillion in debt, so you tell me who's the better money waster. And what's even more funny is that the Chinese carrier you described as a fossil was actually designed in Russia AFTER the current class of US Nimitz carriers. Better to have just one fossil than 11 fossils, right? LOL.
You have no money to waste Steven, you have 1.45 billion mouth to feed. You just cannot afford to be extravagant at this point in time. :-)
17 trillion could buy 1.45 billion people each a $12,000 meal. That's how much #$%$ng money you owe, Edmund. LOL.
To Steven: Yes, sink eleven U.S. carriers and China would become a desert for 10,000 years.
Some smart people are corrupt. Explains the selfishly done waste of money projects some Chinese officials have pushed for in order to build their "legacy". While most of their top leaders grew up homeless and well lessened from the after-math of the Japanese invasions, a huge amount of low level officials grew up with little regard for national interests. The opposite, unfortunately can be said of what's going on here at home
@Chuck Sir, don't be silly. Sinking all 11 U.S. carriers would never happen in any real scenario. What would likely happen is that after the first 2 or 3 U.S. carriers sink to the bottom of the Pacific, you'd think the U.S. would have enough sense to back the #$%$ down. And just stop it with the "desert for 10,000 years" talk. You're embarrassing yourself. This ain't the 1950's. The US isn't the only nation with nukes anymore. You want to turn China into a desert for 10,000 years? Well, China will instantly return the favor and put a nice shiny glass coating all across the surface of the continental US. You choose how you want to play this, tough guy. LOL.
China was poor and backward until 1980 and had bully experience consisted of invading VN and Tibet. Meanwhile US and the West and Asian ally Japan (one time savage fascist no less) have been rich and and military advanced since 1800's at least and have invaded many countries half way around the world. Why this need to constantly belittle China or many countries that are inferior in many ways due to their history and many other factors US has the luck not yet experienced? Insecure?
You can thank Clinton. As soon as the cold war was over, he gave away much military tech.
Before the 1800's though, China was the richest and most technologically advanced country for over 4,000 years. The need to belittle China simply comes from fear that they are on course to take that number one spot again. Once that happens, it could be another 4,000 years before they relinquish that honor again.
فيلم رائع جدا اوعـى يفوتكم .. والله يستحق المشاهدة وقصه رائعة جدا جدا جدا جدا جدا﻿
Steven, Richest and mot advanced country for over 4000 years? Number one spot? Come now, what did you smoke? Qin unified all little countries and founded China in 221BC. We are in the year 2014. China was invaded and ruled by Mongolian for 500 years. China was kicked back to China thrice by the Vietnamese who defeated Khan's army. Number one? And when you couldn't kick out your invaders, you can't really say you relinquished anything. Surrendered is more apt. Richest? You meant the rulers and their gang were richest. But if that were true, then it was shameful that Chinese lost that in 1800''s (can't blame commies for the 1800's). If you are Han or Song or Ming or Tang, you'll blame the Yuen, the last dynasty, I bet. 4000 years dominating the world and another 4000 years dominating the world? Colossal dream, I give you that. LMAO!
The truth pipe. Read a book instead of Wikipedia and learn. Empires rise and fall all the time throughout history. So the Chinese losing their lead in 1800's isn't anymore shameful than, say, America losing it's lead in 2025. So don't feel bad. Number 2 isn't anything to be ashamed about. Turn that frown upside down, Sir.
@Jimgon69 In Dan Brown's novel "Inferno," he compared Manilla to the Gates of Hell. Do they have a Jollibee in Hell then? I love their hamburgers.
all due to India, that why Indian has defense pact against China and neighborhood. Indian are using our country ;US. for their purpose, Dig out.
Jingone69, Most Chinese are still poor. Steven There is no complete truth pipe where history is concerned. Talk about empires rise and fall all the time throughout history, you ought to, consequently of your knowledge re that fact, acknowledged that China had risen and fallen many times since founded by Qin Huang Di (thus you have Tang, Song, Minh, Qing). The notion of world leader started after WWII with US calling self such, with approval from UN-co-founders because the co-founders had to recover from WWII. China was never the world leader. Khan's army conquered Persian and went through part of Europe. So did the Huns. Greek, Roman, UK, France, Spain went half way around the world to conquer and conquered. China only invaded neighboring little countries, usually founded by dissenting Chinese. I don't dispute that China was huge and significant contributor to humans' development. I grew up learning China's history (history of my motherland is that intricately linked to China) and I knew Chinese people. No matter where they are and why they had to leave China, they have always been proud of "Zhong Hua". The "Main Flower" or "Main Country" of the world, which the name imparts (not what Western, US journalists/scholars translate), has fed the Chinese' pride, and ego, much like the "world leader" title has fed American's. I think your view of China is typical of a Chinese. I'm not saying it's bad. One should be so proud of one's country. So far China has yet done the mass destruction European / Western powers have been doing in the last century. But judging by your view, that is China's aim (else, China could not have taken over US's leader position). And judging from China's history as I learned, China is going to employ all the old tactics (poisoning people, crippling economy through dirty tricks, and all the underhanded ploys used by China's past emperors, empresses and pre-China's lords and kings). To become and remain super power, one must be ruthless. Thank Heaven, no organization on earth could have for members only ruthless, unscrupulous, evil people for more than few hundred years. Citizens always reach the point where they find their rulers' tactics immoral or amoral and revolt. Humans in general are decent hence empires formed, rose and fell. With the ways things are today, if US and the West fall, China will fall. But it's good for one patriot's ego to dream a colossal dream.
The insurance company that insured the airplane should be investigated. There could be a suppression of evidence for claims.
This is why Russia took Crimea! Strategic port to the Black Sea.
Just proves the Chinese military is greatly over rated. They are not close to being a superpower like America
Sure, in the sense that China can only completely destroy the US maybe 5 or six times over with nukes, while the US can destroy China maybe 50 times over with nukes. American logic dictates that they will be around 45 times deader than we are, so we win! Yay!
Not just nukes but everything. For example the US has troops stationed in 100 countries, China has zero outside China. This week alone allies in the Far East (N. Korea threat) and Allies in Europe (Russia threat) are both relying on the US for their security. Who in the world depends on China for security??
china has historically reluctant to expand its naval capabilities. until now. but history has also taught them without good naval assets, manpower and strategies, they are vulnerable. probably that the reason they are now spending on navy to compliment its air force, space and infantry. my bet, soon they will set up naval base at south china sea. how far and how much they will spend remain to be seen. historically, USA and its allies need not to worry.
@Dave, wow, another racist chimes in. Filipinos helped Naval Fleets float and be supplied during WW2 and ensured a major ground victory against the Japanese infantry, aiding the rescue of U.S. POW's with tenacity and inventive ground support. To say our allies in Southeast Asia are leeches (yes, that's how it's spelled) is incredibly unfair and just ignorant of historical fact. Many of our Asian allies died to hold common goals. Clark Base, Subic Bay. Mean anything to you? Probably Pacman is unknown to you. The only loose cannon here is your mouth. I'm American, not of Asian descent, and respect our allies to the fullest extent. China holds vast economic influence in the region and promotes corruption to keep peasantry alive. While you play video games made in China, and use your phone and computer made in Asia to support your backbone, think about how truly ignorant and racist you are. @abang batang. Where would China build a base in the South China sea off their coast? That's their main problem. Malaysia? Never. Not without an invasion of hostility. Indonesia? Not in a billion years because it's off the shipping routes and too far from the mainland. China simply does not have allies that would give them supply ports in times of tension within reasonable logistics. Japan learned that lesson the hard way. Supply routes were overextended. Boats need fuel, combatants need food and ammo.
myl, you forgot to inform ignorant Dave that the US interest in the asian region is just about the same as the small nations contesting china's bullying. If china is successful in the land grabs even the the USA will be shutout. Thats one reason why USA has to be involved. As far as US resources being drained, it is spending way too much money in Pakistan and Afghanistan. These countries will never be US allies, only the leaches that narrow minded Dave was reffering to.
Dave we are working for common interests here! The size of each partners' interest is proportional to the size of their economy! Use your simple mathematics and you will know that you're at the long end of the stick.
So was it a reveal or a highlight? There is a difference!
Stop worrying about war and focus on helping other countries instead so you can build strong friendships! Learn to work as a team and watch how easy life becomes.
If only that could happen. Sadly, greed is rampant and sharing is a dying art form. Ignorance is taught, fear is a tool. Skin color is used to foment hate. Gender wars are the new prejudice. Convenient to break families that would otherwise build communities and friendships. The rich feel they only can decide what's best. I fear most those that think they know what is best for all while building personal empires to only further edify their true ignorance and guilt. Thanks me. You are a kindred soul.
friendship? but not with the chinese, they will later on invade your country.
@ nobody....I have EXTREMELY serious doubts the Chinese have ANY interest whatsoever to invade the USA. The Chinese are simply trying to survive, simple and plain. The Chinese have NEVER invaded any nation or have gone to war with any nation that I know of in the last 100 years or so. My history knowledge might be in error and if so, please correct me with dates and times.
#$%$, none of them couldn't detect nor locate MH 370 nor help a ship with over 500 passengers capsizing. Talk, talk and #$%$ talk.
It is time to have multi superpower after the collapse of the Soviet Union. It is healthier to have more that one superpower for balance of stability and aggression. The US zionism may need to learn how to accept another superpower.
Unless the Chinese have invented some kind of space ship they will be unable to locate this "missing" flight MH370 anytime soon...That's right folks...The doomed flight was captured by extraterrestrials who are holding the flight crew and passengers hostage...
lol some kind of probing experiments
people discuss comparing the Worlds navies and talk about number of ships subs etc..but in reality its the ability for the fleet to be able to carry on 24 hr operations while in a combat environment..which all the other worlds navies haven't and cant do....The US Navy has been involved in operations far from home for decades and its ability to launch resupply protect gather information and intelligence..is what makes it powerful..it is thru experience that lessons are learned.
Great, but the powerful US Navy hasn't done any better in locating MH370 either, has it? Have you guys even located Amelia Earhart yet?
Instead of muscle flexing and chest beating China is quietly leasing vast territories in Africa where it builds farms for future generations of Chinese.Food will be far more necessary to them than arms. As for defense, China has the biggets military on earth and that's good enough. China's ambition is to be an economic superpower. That is durable and brings prosperity to its people. The US wants to be a military superpower and that brought ruin and death to many Americans.
China is also trying to be a superpower, it is presently trying to flex its authority in the south china sea by harassing philippine navy vessels and malaysian oil rig, It has 26 satellites but took a few days to deploy to assist the search for missing MH370. China is no angle it only concern is for itself not the world and very soon china will worst then the US they will try to take controll of the weaker nations, that has shown in history and history dont lie.
I see alot of stupid comments here, may be that is why the economy is bad in this country, may be run by these people.
No, seriously, the thing is that speaking the truth instead of maintaining the media circus is the right, and probably kind and inevitable thing to do. See my funny little uniform? Naval aviation. I know lots of people who have run into mountainsides or disappeared into the 2/3 of the planet we call the oceans. There is not a huge point in continuing this spectacle.
I got to visit Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines, Hong Kong, and Thailand as a Marine. This was a very informative article and i gotta say i never gave much thought to China wanting to establish themselves as a Naval power. We owe China so much money it's like they financed Our technological superiority........... hahahahaha
How did this reveal that throughout history China has never had logistics to sustain naval warfare since they started using engines?? I mean back in the days of Pirates and Black Beard and Jack Sparrow they ruled the South China Seas, they are very skilled seamen and fishermen.. but this is not news.. nor is the obvious.. WWII they couldn't invade their own pantries let alone sustained trips to America's allied islands because they are US allied islands... duh. They built their first aircraft carrier like 2 years ago!!
The point of the article is that the Chinese don't CURRENTLY have the logistical ability to project blue water (long distance) naval power. They have neither the support/resupply ships nor reliable port access with other countries. Whether or not they'll eventually be able to challenge American naval dominance will largely depend on their continued ability to pump big dollars to modernize their military and continued willingness on the part of the US to allow their navy to stagnate.
Do you have any clue as to what it takes to supply an aircraft carrier? Much less a whole support group. They cant just fish for the food daily, to feed a few thousand people.
“I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.” ~Albert Einstein The point being, it doesn't matter how many friendly ports, allies, full bases, or other assets either side has, the destruction wrought by the next war between any of the superpowers on this planet will be quick, thorough, and probably permanent.
That's seeing forest for the trees for you Private Pyle! I want to see those eyes under your eyeglasses, they probably cut through the thickest brains of them all. Thumbs up!
china and south india, share some language, why depend on empty Australia that is next to crowded Indonesia?
China and India are bitter rivals...
They are not bitter rivals - they do have good relations with each other and they do hold joint military exercises in the Himalayas. But of course their relationship is somewhat complicated by China's relations with Pakistan and Pakistan's rivalry with India. For China, it is like it is caught between a rock and a hard place.
India is the rock, and China is the hard place... and everyone else is stuck in between in middle Asia...
coincidently, these two languages that have commonalities, are two of the oldest (historically not just still living) languages.
I find it hilarious anyone would publish an article about deficiencies China's navy when the USA has: 1) An aircraft called lightning that can not fly in or near lightning. 2) A stealth fighter that when loaded with munitions becomes fully "unstealth". 3) Building ships that are found to only operate in Atlantic ocean. 4) Plan an Abrams tank upgrade for all the 3,000+ tanks built and parked. I would not document China's deficiencies until we get our own under control.
Don't forget that faulty oxygen system in the stealth fighter which chokes American pilots to death.
Its amazing what an accent will do to a word. Attaches or attachés. To the writer, proofreader, and editor in chief of this reporting agency: Yes, it does matter. (Alt+0233 to get the symbol)
Thanks Tristan. I learned something today.
Tristan tres bien or bon but how do get that accent on a spanish keyboard
Unlike the US, China does not intend to dominate the world militarily. Its aim is to dominate it economically and is close to doing that, being the largest exporter and the second largest importer of goods. It also has the largest reserves of gold euro and dollars. The US is the biggest debtor of China owing about 1 trillion dollars. The relashionship between China and the US is that between a banker and a borrower. Money talks. Obama listens.
Exactly--the article focuses on the trees--or rather, a leaf--and ignores a huge forest: military power ultimately rests on economic power. China has massively increased its economic power, while America's economic power--though still enormous--has slowed its rate of growth. If the USA's fundamental economic woes are not addressed, then neither its military power, nor financial legerdemain via the dollar and QE, will stop the decline.
Obama said "Change we can" and changed he did at the little white House. Now USA has changed to become beholden to China. Obama for a 3rd term 2016. Our best Manchurian Candidate deserves no less.
If it wasn't for American presence around the world, they would not be wasting their resources to protect their borders! We are the cause of the cold war! We are the cause of the arms race! We are wasting our resources to fight the invisible enemy while our people cannot afford health insurance and we rank 26th in the world in education. We are building a dumb social class that believes everything the government tells us! We are that stupid!
Your stupidity is quite obvious! Were you born this way, or did you work on it?
I am beginning to wonder if there ever was an actual plane at all.
Ask the families of the missing. And cease to wonder.
Greg Torode and Michael Martina as i researched are journalist who are assigned to a Chinese location. Please Yahoo when you have journalist write and article about a "blue Navy", please make sure they are educated, have experience and knowledge for what they are writing about. China is a long way from being a Naval Super Power. It takes decades of training, logistics, research, communication and a vast list of other needed resources. If you have ever been in the open ocean with the US Navy you wold understand this. The aircraft carriers are the QB's of a strike force but there are far more valuable and important vessels along with. The vast majority of Chinese war ships are 30 to 40 years old. The 1 aircraft carrier they have is an old USSR redo. The so called "Carrier K.i.I.I.e.r" is in the early stages and his highly unlikely it can be developed.
Feb. 28 (Bloomberg) -- The U.S. Navy lacks a target needed to check its defenses against a new Chinese ballistic missile designed to attack multibillion-dollar aircraft carriers, according to the Pentagon’s chief weapons tester. The Navy has an “immediate need” for a test missile able to replicate the trajectory of the Chinese DF-21D as it descends, Michael Gilmore, the Pentagon’s director of operational test and evaluation, said in his annual report. That was two years ago. Today, the DF-21D is quite operational. However, the Pentagon would probably prefer to keep this information quiet rather than explain to the American people why the are currently building a large $13 billion slow moving target with tax payer money.
people like you said the same thing about china not making atomic bombs and not being able to make the new gerneration of gets and bombers. /cough. you do know china makes computer chips for the us. now thats a real travisty close to treasonist. now go and blame bush
Never under estimate China. US needs to stay on top of everything.
Clinton - this is a Reuters article, not Yahoo! Yahoo doesn't write their own news, they just collect it.
They build up their military with Western money and then they can just waltz in and take over whatever territory they see fit in much the same way Russia is attempting to do now with their neighbors.
The article shows China has no interests in challenging the US. To do that, they could have to have ports around the disputed islands and no country in the region would trust them. Now, if China really wanted to challenge the US, they would develop relations with countries in Central (Panama comes to mind) and South America where mistrust does not exist. The US has for over 100 years considered south of the border their own backyard (heck, they just invaded Panama to pluck their leader out) but nowadays according to some politicians, the notion of "sphere of influence" is an archaic concept and criticize the Russians for still referring to it. It would be fun to watch how our linguists use different words to mean exactly the same. As they say, a good defense is a good offense.
Did you know that China effectively owns the Panama Canal? By contract, Hutchison Whampoa, a Chinese company, runs the ports on both sides of the canal.
as they say, a big bomb dropping down onto your head is an offense but actually a better deffense.
There is an effort to build another canal and it is a private endevor by a Chinese billionair.
If conflict did arise the Panama Canal would be secured regardless of who has contractual ownership. China could not defend the area. And while China may build and own a "New Canal" it would most likely be seized in a time of war as well. China would have to establish a major military foot hold in South America to defend it. Possession is 9/10th Law in war time. I think that is the point of the concern. They are looking to be able to support a "Blue War" Navy in the Pacific. Looking for their Hawaii so to speak.
@Harry Treaties, like promises, are made to be broken. I don't see a situation transpiring that they would not back us. But then again, I have seen a lot happen in recent years I could not have imagined either. If America makes a super bad play on its own accord, in the eyes of Australia, they won't back it. Treaty be damned.
Should China say thanks to Grace and Matt for pointing out the obvious? What an article!
There are countries that will let them build bases just to #$%$ the USA off. Somebody in South America for sure.
Really? Why would China ever build a base in S.A.? What country in S.A. would even entertain that idea? Are you imagining the U.S. out to lunch while China builds Atlantic bases? Go back to the crack pipe. China already has economic bases globally, military bases in S.A. make no sense. Building hotels in Rio would make sense. Africa makes more sense and China has partnered there in recent decades, laying bricks and concrete, literally.
Never say never. A Chinese base in South America makes about as much sense as a U.S. base in South East Asia. Yet, there it is.
Steven again. Your ignorance never ends. Our bases in South East Asia were built during and post-war time and served direct military action or an assurance of post-war stability. Japan was allied with Germany and made a big grab to control the south pacific theater. People who say never say never have never seen a library. How and why would China build a base on the Pacific coast of S.A. ? There are no allies there for China. Steven, sorry dude, but you might need to take a history class or actually read a book not on the New York times best seller list.
Yeah myl; Wouldn't be any reason for China wanting a place to refuel or do repairs after crossing the ocean. Not that they need to or want to. But to say it's impossible seems like faulty logic. I was just making a vague reference that there are places that would welcome them and more to the point, not welcome us and do it in spite of us!
@myl And maybe you should start reading a book ON the New York times best sellers list, cuz you seem pretty uptight dude, like you have a stick up your #$%$ or something. Maybe "50 Shades of Grey" will get the juices in your overies flowing. And if China wants to build a base off the coast of S.A., who are you to question them? Hell, now that I think about it, forget S.A., an even better place for a Chinese base would be in Cuba.
For years the Western war monger and MIC portrayed China as a major naval power when in fact it is not. These same propagandist claim there's oil-gas reserve in and near the disputed islands when no meaningful undersea oil-gas exploration and mapping have been made by any major oil firm or nation. Such studies are expensive and time consuming, and without assurance as to who actually owns the disputed island, no business will risk investing hundreds of millions of dollar in exploration. Even without undersea geological studies around the disputed island, these propagandist insist there's oil-gas reserve in order to incite international conflict, dispute, and hysteria. Unfortunately, the masses are gullible and are victimized.
You must be talking about those Japanese islands that China has been trying to steal?
My son-in-law works off Brunei. It is in one of the areas claimed by China (disputed area). They have just found gas there........
nobody stated they were a major naval power, they are not...but when they have trouble on their border, they could easily march 100 million soldiers in with machine guns.....think about that number...100 million...more than all the armies of ww2 combine, by far.
@enough. Is that not the way the World War 1 generals waged war? By sending millions of men into battle to die with machine guns!
Just one fully functional nuclear carrier battle group will take 25 years for the Chinese to develop and arm, so why would they waste money on long term strategic port leases now. Who knows what geopolitical landscape will be then.
lets all open our eyes and be free thinkers here and exercise a little common sense.. the only way a fully functioning commercial airliner is going to disappear without sending a distress signal in the time it would take to fall from 35,000 feet into the ocean, would be if that plane exploded in mid-flight and have no warning, and no time someone shot the plane down by accident and has covered it up to hide their guilt in the matter and china seems all too willing to get their navy into these waters to "search" for it
So by "free thinking" and "common sence" you mean conspiracy. By saying "the only way" you just pigeon-holed yourself into not free thinking. What if an asteroid hit it? Electrical fire released toxic gas that knockout the crew, plane plummeted? Etc,etc.
Yup...and after the missile hit the plane and exploded, the engines kept sending out data and somehow kept flying for a couple of thousand miles by themselves and even changed course a couple of times. That is, if you believe what US experts are saying and not covering up another USS Vincennes incident.
Now I have someone thinking like I was thinking on minute one ! JUSTIN and I are on the same page ! I feel good about this but now to get everybody else thinking like JUSTIN and ME ! Thomas from Alabama P.S. A reminder that fishermen said that they saw a large flaming object falling from the sky not long after the flight 370 was reported missing ! Hello ! What if these guys are telling the truth ? Thomas from Alabama
If the cabin had depressurized slowely and the warning sensors malfunctioned, everyone would have been dead before they knew it. It happened to the jet owned by that golfer several years ago and killed everyone aboard. It flew for hours over the Midwest with an F-16 following it to shoot it down if it looked like it was going to crash in a populated area. It went down in a Nebraska cornfield I believe.
When we are talking about confrontations among super powers (U.S., Russia, China), I have a hard time seeing any direct military conflict in that no one wants to push the others into a corner where they may decide that that their nuclear arsenal is the only solution. So our Navy ships and conventional warfare primarily keeps the weaker powers at bay, and even then only to the point where we fear it may involve one of their super-power allies.
I think you have described present day global war prospects accurately. The A-bomb ushered in a whole new war picture, and no one wants to see it play out. Nuclear radiation is a long term thing, and it can be carried via air and water. We may have finally reached a real standoff between big powers. And, China isn't going to start a nuclear war. China is going to bully some, and buy others. She is basically a mercantile power. She's just "keeping up", placing herself among the big powers. However, she is not stupid.
Well put ChrisM. China needs to save face. Placing patrol boats in the Spratly shoals is simply, and literally, testing the waters. Gas and oil deposits there would surely obviate some of the fuel needs from Middle Eastern realms. China has a lot of needs that are growing in stride with it's economy. As you point out, China has immense mercantile power that, in many ways, transcends military presence. Rattling sabers is just that. Bullying may not work. Wisely, the West is not taunting this sleepy giant, knowing full well that China has trump cards. Nuclear conflict is all but unimaginable. Why destroy resources to get resources? How China buys it's way into the modern world will some day be a tome written by historians and economic graduate students, MBA's etc. Amazing and scary times. The social engineering is the scary part. This ball in space is not getting any bigger. If anything, it's shrinking.
No news company says anything about China building a large canal thru Nicaragua to move their warships.
What's this bit about china not being able to find friendly ports, in a case like this being a humanitarian effort petty squabbles over money should not play a roll in hindering such efforts.
You are reading it incorrectly my friend. Nobody is preventing China from using the ports during humatarian efforts. The article is telling how it will be problematic for China when a major conflict erupts. China views itself or projects itself as a major military power, especially its navy. China does not have many allies, especially in Southeast Asia, where they are currently in territorial conflict with Vietnam, Malaysia, The Philippines, and Indonesia with some of the resource rich islands/islets.... and them claiming almost all of waters in the South China Sea as theirs, not to mention their disputes with Japan and South Korea in the East China Sea. With they current situation of almost having no friends or allies, it will be very difficult for them to have a real powerful navy during a major conflict, they need friendly ports for resupplies, repairs, and for logistical advantages... unlike the US, where they can pretty much use most naval bases of most countries because of their good and friendly relationships with them. The US has no trouble using the bases in Asia such as: Japan, South Korea, The Philippines, Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam... etc..., in Europe: UK, Germany, Italy, France, Greece, Spain... etc. Middle East: Saudi Arabia, UAE, Kuwait, Israel, Jordan... etc., and Africa: South Africa, Egypt, Yemen, Kenya, Nigeria, Zimbabwe... etc... China can't even use Russia's naval stations even if they are allies because they don't trust each other... China has been stealing technology from Russia... which has angered the Russians... I agree with you, no country should be prevented from using a foreign port for humanitarian aid purposes.
Oh... Australia and New Zealand too... and most of the Americas... with the exception of Cuba and Venezuela... the US has access to their ports while China has no access... at least no friendly access.
LOL yeah China hasn't exactly been the pinnacle of pacifism. My statement was in response to the first few lines of the article that stated China doesn't have friendly ports which it can refuel from in its efforts to locate missing plane. But thanks you for your post I agree 100%. Funny how governments present thing to its populous. A trade agreement or lucrative proposal is not agreed upon suddenly that country starts to get verbally bashed and next thing you know they are the enemy. Silly to say the least.
All the Chinese have to do is hire the necessary lobbyists to bribe American congressmen to make sure their plan to become an equal military force with us becomes reality. I really hate it but it is true.
I guess they would have to be "progressives".
So why do you feel Americans are such weasels who are so willing to sell out their own country? Is it because of your country's treasonous beginnings? I mean, you people did sell out your own country of Great Britain to become Americans in the first place, right?
Congress has been bought and paid for for years thru the Lobbyists! and you know China has a lot of them on the payroll right now.
Steven, it's because we have a congress full of King Georges
Then, Steven I suppose that is a great reason for you get the F out you are nothing but a candy #$%$ hater anyway.
Noel, does the truth hurt? I mean, I'm not making it up, right? It's all right there in your history book.
Steven, relax! We've bailed Englands collective butt out twice recently, otherwise you'd be speaking German.
As bad as our politicians are, I am very very doubtful they would sell out to the Chinese, a bit of a stretch to me.
I do speak German, so what use were you?
Not quite sure that the Chinese navy is meant to match the might of the US navy. But, rather, to project power in enforcing highly preferential contractual arrangements that their government is entering into with countries around the world for the future supply of food and energy (especially in Africa). China is set to become a very unfortunate and permanent net importer of both quite soon and supply disruptions would certainly lead to issues with that government's most feared potential advisory - the people of China.
Not sure there will be food shortages in China in this century as the majority of the populace are agrarian based or contributing to buying power. The problem is infrastructure costs and ensuing power demands along with economic ballooning. Bear in mind some of the incredible civil engineering feats China has invested in. And frankly, where would the proliferation of technology be without China's workforce, and who benefits most? Insofar as African relations, China is investing quite a bit there in the wake of of failed colonialist attempts. Occupation is old school. Money talks with electronic clout, changing hands at the speed of light while engineers and, ahem, services build relations.
sound like a great professional expert. but the great expert always lost wars in everywhere to the primitive warrior finally.
You will surprised how fast they will catch up to reach their strategical goals within a few decades.
Yeah and with all the peaceniks we have in this country they will over take us in that same period.
Plus they love to steal our technology and are pretty good at it. That helps a lot when one is playing catch-up.
The scary thing about China is the fact that their country is horribly polluted and overpopulated. 70% or more of fresh water supplies lakes, rivers etc are not fit for human consumption or safe for crops. If and when China feels it has the forces or at least the intimidation factors to expand their borders they will...What else could they do? I believe China is on the brink of implosion, as their military and economic position in the world grow, along with their population their land continues to degrade. This may or may not happen in my lifetime (i'm 44) but I fear the world my daughter is going to see will be a much scarier and unstable place...time to expand a space program we definitely need another planet. I would just hope the founders of that planet would learn from our mistakes. :)
Maybe obama should kill some of them. Would that make you happy?
Why don't you stop worrying about it and prepare your daughter for the new world order then. Have her take some Mandarin classes and gradually start moving your assets into the Renminbi rather that dollar-based ones. I mean, if you're not full of #$%$ and really believe what you say, you gotta start doing what's best for your daughter now, right?
Doesn't make sense at all, all places around China except north are more populated than China, and I believe China is not gonna expand toward north.
g - I disagree. Siberia and the Kamchatka Penisula have large quanitities of untapped natural resources and with Russia declining population and lack of significant exports beyond raw resources, they are a prime target. Add that Russia has a huge number of soldiers on the Chinese border and they have fought and killed each other (1969 over Zhenbao Island) and numerous border 'incidents' up through the 1980's. Given how Russia FAILED to honor their 1995 treaty with Ukraine, the Chinese have little reason to believe Putin will honor their 1995 border treaty.
I thought the vulnerability that was exposed was that they search for underwater sounds with a wired coffee can on a stick.
By the time it's 2050 China will be completely broke and have no friends. Therefor it won't have a navy worth mentioning, just like now. In 2050 the communist won't even be running the country.
Then who will lend money to the US?
That time US need not to borrow money! The money your 1.5 billion people spent for food and basic necessities will go to Africa. Africans will buy US goods and technologies after they realized that yours suck because they need to pay four times more on logistics for replacements of seemingly durable goods. :-)
@Edmund How did the US eventually pay off it's $17 trillion debt? Did the US sell off some states? How many stars are in the US flag of 2050? Are we back to the original 13 colonies one? Cuz I feel that was the coolest looking one. Just the right number of stars, not too cluttered.
An ounce of containment is worth a ton of blood.
A pint of blood is worth a cookie, a box of apple juice and a T-shirt.
And 25 dollars the last time i checked.
Two bit of advice here: "Never underestimate the opposition." (too many top sports trainers and managers to mention). "You should never believe your own publicity". (the Marlboro man in a docu I saw once)
We don't need to worry about China.. They are no threat to the US. Why would they take a chance at hurting their economy by destroying the dumping ground for their cheap junk... Walmart
Sounds like Chinese style Brute Force politics will not work well all the time.
May be Beijing should hire George W Bush as "bully Consultant".
LOL. As long as Beijing doesn't hire Bush as "Economic Consultant."
Or you should hire him as your "oil consultant" in Africa and South East Asia. Lol.
It is a media cover up.
China doesn't need bases far away from their borders. If they want to wage war there, they usually just stretch their borders. There is an old (extended) chinese saying: Tibet and San Francisco has always been part of China. (and they are right in a way that both areas had and still have a large Chinese population) This expansion strategy is the classical one. Insteand of conquering and maintaing colonies, they extend their borders when the population runs out of space or other resources. This was the approach for the Roman empire and this is what the Chinese empire always followed. They are pretty good at it though, since they are the only large old emipre that still stands. The exact opposite is England, where every passing group could settle and take over the country (Celtics, Romans, Saxxons, Vikings, Normanns and recently Muslims). The United States is a different thing. A country, which doesn't want colonies and doesn't want (at least nowdays) to expand it's borders and doesn't want to act like an empire, but still wants to keep everyone in line. It will be interesting to see which strategy works better in the long term. We either end up with new (or old) empires or end up with a world government, which would be very similar to a really large empire or a really large republic or something completly new
فيلم رائع جدا اوعـى يفوتكم .. والله يستحق المشاهدة وقصه رائعة جدا جدا جدا جدا جدا﻿
We'll become the United States of Mexico. So when you are targeting China, Mexico has already extended their borders here.
Well, the border of Mexico did once include California, Arizona, New Mexico, and Texas before the US extend its border south. So if the United States of Mexico actually happens, it'll just be a matter of Karma balancing itself.
I wonder if China still has their treaty of mutual support with Albania? (Seriously). I'm sure that was one useful alliance for both of them (Ha!). Now, when it comes to the Indian Ocean, they also had military ties with Tanzania on the east coast of Africa, which would be more relevant. But that was decades ago and I don't know if it is still pertinent.
They've already just had to write off 3% of their agricultural land to poisoning. Their only real enemy is internal.
It is something when the news media gold rush story about Chinas ships in the Indian Ocean...Sad this War Lord Country... is rich in labor for the world..cheap !! and we the USA need to put our foot in Wal Marts mouth to stop outsourcing jobs to China... Yes Wal Mart and other companies in the US are out sourcing jobs that americans could have.?? I would not any Chinese Ship any port in America..No good will there for this country??
Does human being has enemy except from itself? greediness. selfishness. prideful, arrogant and ignorance of others right, lack of self discipline and dis-respect to others... That is the enemy within and the only problem that China has... Perhaps Japan, Germany, and all other countries all over the world already learn their lesson from the past and will not repeat the history of war...
Said the country who was just until recently fighting TWO wars, now just one.
all the countries were playing "poker" with the search for that plane, and still are. Revealing their capabilities and the lack there off terrified them all. Including the US!
They are either totally in the wrong place or it is on the ground somewhere.
"The U.S. Navy has been at this for 100 years or so," and constantly works at maintaining and nurturing its strategic network, Bitzinger said. "China's being doing it for about 15 ... China's not going to be able to catch up overnight." Congress has been hard at work to screw it up for twice that long, or make a $$$$ off of it. China has the man power to make for any deficiencies. Loser B"O"y has no Fing idea what to do, and it does not matter how many people it ignores or how many military combat manuels he reads (Combat for dummies 101).
yea well, the uk navy did it for about umm 200 years then got owned....
You can have all the manpower you want, if they are in China and your vessel is out at sea needing support, its useless. Presidents follow the recommendations of the armed services and related government officials on " what to do", they don't make it up on their own.
In the are of rapid technology all the man paower, as you suggest, will not be of much good. Remember, all those 2MM man are landed in china and if the navy can't move them what good are they. Surely no one has plans for a land invasion of china. The smog alone would deter that operation not the 2MM soldiers.
XXXX has no Fing idea what he is saying xxxxx is a Fox clone that drinks the purple koolaid. xxxx needs to grow up and get a pair, or go to his room, without dinner.
Chinese "manpower"? If China invades Japan, Philippines, etc. they would have to row across.
The secret to this so called US "strategic network" is simply to provide millions in foreign aid so countries will let them host American bases in their country. No different than the "strategic network" of US servicemen at Subic Bay paying Filipino #$%$ to host American penises in their vaginas.
Whats with the koolaid jokes. Im sure there is a funny somewhere in there I just dont understand. Oh well. Glad I made you have a laugh. And who says that all that "manpower" is in china? Did you think that illegal aliens only consisted of mexicans and muslims? What you see on TV is probably just to watch the home base. If I was A clone, you bit(c)hes would be in a world of hurt, clones means there is more than one of me. So watch the F out.
No different either from Steven's "government network" where party officers stick their small penises on their peoples #$%$ and all you can hear is a tiny weeny moan from the gagged mouth of confused population.
@Edmund Your mom has no complaints.
What needs to be said is the is Ho Chi Mhn had little business with China except that he would not invade China. This was the agreement. but for China to build a port in Vietnam has cause a outrage.
"China's first carrier, the Liaoning, a Soviet-era ship bought from Ukraine in 1998 and re-built in a Chinese shipyard, is being used for training and is not yet fully operational". "Chinese officials and analysts have bristled at suggestions by Western and Indian counterparts that Beijing is attempting to create a so-called "string of pearls" by funding port developments across the Indian Ocean, including Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Myanmar" Does anyone remember when first purchased, by what turned out to be a Chinese government shell corporation, the now named "Liaoning" was supposed to be turned into a giant floating casino in Macau by that corporation? Does anyone recall artist rendering's of the flight deck turned into a park like outdoors area for the casino and how insulted they were when people and governments around the globe didn't believe them? . " Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it", ... George Santayana
It took them 15 years to refit a carrier that was already built.
Probably cuz it *WAS* originally going to be turned into a casino in Macau. There are only six licenses for building casinos in Macau. No license, no casino. What you failed to mention is that there were already 2 former Soviet aircraft carriers owned by China at the time the Varyag was purchased.
It also highlights a corridor into their airspace that is not covered by radar.
Don't you feel sorry for the guy who told his wife he was taking this flight to China on business? Now he's trapped at his girlfriend's apartment for who knows how long!
That is FN brilliant... and it's probably more than just one guy. ;)
The USA owns everything, until someday that is challenged in a realistic manner. So basically... never gonna happen, not on our watch.
My fear is china is going to try some give aways and money. But as long as they stay communist and are building a power base that exerts their muscle and non democracy ways they can not be trusted. My fear is that nations near China can see that, and don't fall for their ploys.
This is the stuff that started WWII. Both Germany and Japan needed ports too keep the ammo , food and fuel flowing to their navy vessels. Japan needed access to the oil terminals in the Philippines and that was the reason they attacked the US the day after their delegation in Washington got a big fat NO from the President on their request to use those terminals to refuel their navy. Even the refueling tankers have limits on how far they can travel, and just because a ship has a nuclear powered source for fuel, it still needs food and fresh water and other logistics to operate. Food can be transferred also but distance for the supply vessels is the trick. Which is why ports of call are so important. One reason why Russia will not budge on Syria,, their only Mediterranean Naval port it there. Vital to them.
If any war occurs, it will be because the U.S. provoked it.
so you're saying all our ports and terminals will start a war? or the fact the China needs them and will just start attacking? paleeeze
Uhm. They can stack ammos and artilleries but when soldiers get hungry, who'll detonate them boom-boom?
Koi, my ONLY point was WHY countries need ports of call. I never ONCE said what will or will not happen. I said what DID happen! YOU figure it out. Don't put words in my mouth.
Please take a class in WWII, please! Truk was the Japanese Pearl Harbor of the South Pacific and not the Philippines. The Navy had almost nothing to do with the Philippines. The invasion of the Philippines was by the Japanese Army and didn't happen until Dec 8th, 1941 (Japanese time) that was tied in with the Pearl Harbor raid. The main interest wasn't for oil (Philippines never was known for oil). It was the location and the labor on the island. The Japanese Army's land grab for the French Indochina in February of 1940 forced the US to tighten the embargo that was already in place because of fighting in Manchuria that started prior to 1936. This shut off Japan's access to the much needed oil and raw materials from the US igniting the Japanese Army to invade French Indochina and angering the Japanese Navy and the US. Besides Indochina, the next major interest was the islands of Sumatra and Borneo for the rubber plants. However, the invasion for these islands wasn't launched until Rabaul, Guam, and Wake Island were under Japanese control. These islands isolated the remaining Australian, Dutch, British, and US military making Japanese victory almost guaranteed for the Dutch controlled Malaysian islands.
Edel,, it takes ship and planes to move soldiers and ships need ports and planes need runways. And the soldiers go WITH the ammo and artillery etc.. I know,, I have done it!
Japan had ports; they already were well into their conquests of the Dutch East Indies and such. What they lacked was fuel, and that is ultimately a result of their small land mass instead of geopolitics.
Michael... WRONG. It is in the history books. The Japanese delegation met with the President and was turned down on access to the Philippines. IT IS FACT! THEY ATTACKED THE VERY NEXT DAY!
Honestly, I'm am the last person that you want argue with. Jon Parshall (google his name) has been asking me about the Japanese Navy for his new book that he is writing, called 1942. I just finished a thesis called "From Port Moresby to Guadalcanal; Roots of Japanese Failure". I have a Master's degree centering around military history. I was stationed in Japan for ten years and I've been to almost every battlefield from Iwo Jima to Guadalcanal. My thesis was written only using Japanese sources and mostly Japanese war documents that never been translated in to English, with the assistance from my Japanese wife. Again, P.I. was attacked on December 8th, 1941 and by the Japanese Army. AGAIN, Truk was the critical naval base for Japan where ships refueled and were repaired if they couldn't make it back to Japan. Just as Jon did with the Battle of Midway, I can too almost bust every "American" myth dealing with the Japanese military.
They never had a history of naval power. What would change?
Their ability to to establish air dominance and invade...
As long as we have attack subs, that won't happen....
"Never had a history of naval power"? What about during the 15th century, when the Chinese Navy had ships that sailed to as far as East Africa and were twice as large as even the European ships from the end the 16th century?
Rocket technology concept started in china. China great wall. China silk road. We have multinational brain power. That's made our country USA . stronger. Asian are loaded in USA infrastructure. Let the China should invite brain power to their country. The balance would be alter. Question here : why fighting, why not create welfare jointly to help the human race. Wake up worriers immature. Peace.
Looking for a lost plane becomes an issue on military power and influence. Very sad scenario. With the rising influence and power of the Chinese, it makes a lot of people jealous and envious and therefore anything Chinese is evil to them. During WW2, anything German and Japanese is evil. It only shows how human think. Don't forget American wanted to kill ALL Japanes after Pearl Harbor.
Man, you prc propaganda folks are out in force, didn't Japan rape the country of china and the people, over, and over, and over? I'm sure everyone inthe PRC is waving flowers at the Japanese, best friends,, right?
10 years are left for them to actually discover something...
ya think! or at least a floatilla of supply vessels. Irony, Persian warlord did that for the Greek invasion and typhoon destroy majority of their fleet, so maybe a floatilla of floating supply ships in the pacific not good idea.
When U.S. got the Pearl Harbour attack they made it a tragedy. Then U.S. built their strategic Pacific forces and after the WWII finished the world, including Japan and China, were in rubbles. U.S. besides the Pearl Harbour «tragedy» (in fact a little wound), was utterly untouched. 64 years later China is a power and able now to recover its place whatever the U.S. «dominance». Just normal. Don’t cout in rubble anymore.
some of what you say is true - but Pearl Harbor being a little wound wasn't part of the facts. It was a devastating blow to the US Navy. One hell of a first strike. If Japan could have finished us off before we had the ability to replace that Navy - well, they couldn't. Thousands and thousands and thousands of US lives were lost until we could build our fleet up again.
Both of my uncles were Captains in the U.S. Navy: one on a destroyer and one on an aircraft carrier. Pearl Harbor was devastating; we had ships in port, my uncle was on one and watched helplessly while the ship next to his was struck and men burned to death. My other uncle was on the ship torpedoed and sunk in the Battle of Midway. He lost a lot of his men, and finally had to leave his ship. Both of my uncles would agree that Pearl Harbor was a devastating strike, and it took us a while to get up and running. But, we did. And, we won. No one needs to see another world war again, ever.
I completely sympathize with the above expressions of real pain. My purpose was to compare the insane catastrophe of world dimensions everywhere. Pearl Harbour was indeed a coward attack but the most important ships were off port and spared.
Would it not reveal a weakness in all countries searching for it? Including our own?
Know that they actually acknowledge it as one of our ports " Diego Garcia " does anybody want to guess where it is? Smack in the middle of the Indian Ocean. I wonder what they saw on radar? Did they scramble jets to see what flight MH370 was since it wasn't identifiable? Haven't heard anything. Have you!
Instead of wasting money and resources on helping Syrian rebels and the corrupt Kiev govt, shouldn't Obama be using taxpayer dollars to strengthen America?
Not going to happen, Obama is dead set on changing America as we know it, siad so in the very beginning of his taking office.as President and his Inaugraul speech. After 5+ years and he still doesn't get the meaning of the constitution. "We the people of the United States,in order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense , promote the general Welfare ond secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Prospertity, to ordain and establish this constitution for the United States of America." I could go on but anyway you get the picture and if not get a copy of the constitution from your Senator or Representive of Congress, Read it out loud so everyone in the room can hear it, some for the first Time I suspect. Read it, understand it and ask questions if you don't. God Bless These Great United States of America.
u dontwant to engage the chinese, as they outnumber u, i understand themath and your po\verty. i also know that you have several surprises coming up, so, say cheese as you say the cameras aree everywhere monitoring your every action, say cheese so myppl can see you grinning ear to ear when yuo get the news. of your surprise. ohe yeah, you were crying, and peeing your pants. yeah, my ppl got that. filed it for a rainy day party.
chris, you reveal what I have tried to explain to these dumb Americans, that China has only one goal: World domination and invasion of the U.S., that they believe belongs to them, based on the Bering land bridge migration.
If China wants to develop a blue water navy they should be "courting" their neighbors and World countries with deep water ports instead of putting ALL of their neighbors on the defensive! Possibly after they develop a NAVY rather than a Naval Branch of the People's Liberation Army they might even be able to successfully INVADE their neighbor Taiwan, who they have threatened for over the past 67 years! I seriously doubt if they could even do that or it would have been done long ago! Not much more than Paper Tigers who are only successful in killing unarmed Chinese villagers, and Buddhist monks in Tibet!
yeah paper tigers. yup you sureknow your stuff about them. eye on ball, well, yu dont get that either.
Some say the US is a paper tiger as well.
Makes no sense. Why would China possibly want ports in neighboring countries? Where you actually need ports are FAR AWAY from your own and neighboring countries. It's people saying #$%$ #$%$ like this that actually need a lesson in logistics.
@midclass: I have found that the liberal use of exclamation marks and capitalization makes it easier for people such as YOU to understand simple English! I have lived in the PRC and Taiwan and in most of Asia since 1959 and most likely understand more than most what is really transpiring in these countries. The PRC, a Communist Country since 1948 is not as many THINK, a united Communist country, but rather a fragmented country ONLY kept from Civil War by the lack of weapons in the hands of the populace. If China went to war with any outside country, they would have to KEEP a significant portion of their Armed Forces at HOME, to curtail any chances of Internal Revolution!
This would be a true vulnerability if and when China wants to conquer the world by boats. .
They'll just build 100 ports of out cheap material and stack 60,000 workers in each.
It is difficult to label a person as liberal or conservative. On some points, I am liberal, but on national defense, the Republicans would love to see me in some office, because I believe the military should be so strong and so technologically advanced that anyone doing anything to the U.S. would know that their life expectancy would be a matter of hours, maybe a couple weeks if they were lucky, and that applies to nations as well as individual terrorists.
liberal means liberty or 'be free'. Fighting for liberty, for example, makes you a liberal. What conservative (in politics) means, is traditional. We are, in no manner, 'conservative' in the military. We spend more than most countries COMBINED (called overkill and extreme waste). Only the rich benefit from it, NOT the usa. You might want to rethink your position. Now that does NOT mean downsizing, it means less on research but enough to keep us ahead of everyone else.
The «power» you dream of is obsolete nowadays. Continue dreaming, it’s your right. But the world today is a completely different animal. Much more diversified and powerful it used to be. Forget about Pear Harbour. The rest of the world is no more in rubbles. U.S. is just another power in the complex, and nothing more.
lol Newborn...naive much? America is still by far the most powerful country in the world. By a long shot.
HEY PAUL HOW ABOUT PROTECTING YOURSELF FAMILY AND PROPERTY LIKE THE RIGHT TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS
Yeah, the USSR tried that once; how did it go for them?
The US is already spending what the next top 20 countries are spending on military weapons combined. How much is enough? Buying a shotgun to defend your family and property seems reasonable. Buying 20 shotguns and putting them in every room and one behind the toilet makes you a gun nut. And with a 17 trillion dollar debt, it's not like this gun nut can afford to keep buying more shotguns on layaway either. Just sayin'...
China is a continental land base power with shallow but long coastal line which happens to be blocked by Japan and island chains to prevent her navy to move beyond this limited inner waters.Even now they can afford to develop a truly blue water navy;but they had fallen behind most maritime nations,including her neighbor Japan.It will take more than a few decades to catch up with most advanced sea power nations by pouring more resources for technical upgrade but also to improve morale and discipline problems plagued her navy.If just build up more war ships will not help to become a genuine maritime power per se.Never mind open more oversea ports;it will serve any useful purpose at the present time.
That's not their intention. If their forces can essentially prevent a US assault or counter-assault from ever maintaining its momentum in the Pacific, their job is done. That calls for a large concentration of advanced surface destroyers and missiles.
They've been spending billions of dollars to acquire the advance technology by spying and stealing. No one knows how soon they will catch up.
phil just like the Us who spends billions spying on everyone including their own, a bit sick I would say, but then again the US is so petrified that someone might get the better of them. Russia has got the US spooked out of its boots.
may be they are using building a surface navy as a distraction of other war devices, such as nuclear subs, no ports needed, no fuel and supply, cheaper to build and maintain. They do have nuclear power now. Just saying.
@phil Irony much? The whole point of stealing is to prevent high costs associated with it. In regards to what the Chinese do, some people need to learn the difference between "stealing" and "form follows function"; they are two different notions.
@Robert Nobody builds billion-dollar vessels for distraction. They are all part of a strategy to make best of their situation while mitigating any problems imposed by geopolitical or territorial limitations.
And yet people are afraid of the might of our military against China's. Hint: Our Navy would not let China out of the Pacific, and our Air Force would decimate them. Not to forget our Marines and Army, working together, they'll take any beach!!
You've been fighting in Afghanistan for over 13 years. What makes you so sure China would be so easy? Remember the Korean war?
as it stands, China's navy stands a snowballs chance against the USA navy. I don't see it improving for them in that status for a long time, technology or not! like the Russians, their policy decisions come from to few minds!
I just realized something. China's vulnerability could be solved a.k.a Japanese style when they bombed Pearl Harbor. Wipe us out, and take what you want. But, hear this China....Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Difference is Japan didn't have nukes. If you want to play Hiroshima and Nagasaki today, it will be quickly followed up by a game of Los Angeles and New York.
they're Chinese that's why! they are just a regional power, unlike the united states, Britain and france which seems to have impunity of going anywhere around the world with their nuclear WAR ships(gunboat diplomacy)
The PLA Navy has more ocean going capability than either Britain or France in technical terms.
Britain once made such claims too, only to be surpassed by the US. Let's not forget though, that even before there was a Britain or a US, China was the most powerful nation in the world for over 4,000 years. Don't feel bad though, US. If China takes it historical place at the top in 20 years, the US would have still held the top spot for nearly 100 years. That's pretty good, not 4,000 years good, but still nothing to be ashamed of. LOL.
The authors fail to point out the the United States acquired our bases around the world because of action taken during WWII or, in South Korea, because we fought to protect it from North Korea and China. Most of our bases are in countries we defeated in that war or created long before the world wars.
That's a nice way of saying the United States acquired bases around the world due to American imperialism, which was very ugly in the past.
Steven, you need to revisit your history. The US was attacked on December 7, 1941 at Pearl Harbor by the Japanese. Hitler also declared war on the US. Without the US, all of Europe would be speaking German today. The Japanese had attacked and captured numerous Pacific Islands and the Philippines and were threatening Australia. The US fought and recaptured most of those islands and the Philippines and eventually defeated Japan after dropping the atomic bombs. None of this action was imperialism and, as the victor, the US occupied Japan and parts of Europe. The US bases in Japan receive funds from the Japanese gov't in return for the US agreeing to help defend Japan in case it is attacked. If you think the US is so terrible, I suggest you visit Guam and the Philippines and talk to some of the older people about what the US did in WWII. Having been to both places, I can tell you there are a lot of people that are very thankful for what the US did for them in WWII. BTW, we have given back most of our bases in Japan and Germany and closed our bases in the Philippines.
Jer, you need to revisit YOUR history. There would be no Pearl Harbor for the Japanese to attack on December 7, 1941 if the US hadn't overthrown Queen Liliuokalani and do a land grab of the Hawaiian islands on Jan. 17, 1893. K In 1893, the Kingdom of Hawaii was overthrown by private American interests with the backing of a U.S. official and U.S. marines. Despite protests by Queen Liliuokalani, who was imprisoned, within five years the U.S. had annexed Hawaii and claimed 1.8 million acres belonging to the Hawaiian crown or its subjects as federal land. In 1959, when Hawaii became the fiftieth state in the Union, 1.2 million acres reverted to the state government to be held in trust. In 1993, the U.S. Congress recognized the 100th anniversary of the Hawaiian monarchy’s overthrow with a resolution apologizing to native Hawaiians for that event, and calling for “reconciliation between the United States and the Native Hawaiian people.” In its apology, Congress said the U.S. had participated in a “conspiracy to overthrow the Government of Hawaii,” and found this to be “a violation of treaties between the two nations and of international law.” Karma's a #$%$, ain't it?
China can't operate it's stolen rover, they cant operate stolen satellites, they can't operate stolen sonar gear. Since they have been able to eventually operate the stolen P-3 Orion, the purchased Liaoning and a couple of tugboats in the Middle East, they may very well come to learn how to operate the the other stuff they have stolen. It seems to me that countries with governments like Russia and China don't need our dollars. We need to by American and put their workers on unemployment and their businesses out of business. Vote responsibly in every November for people who are real leaders that have business skills and backbone -- our country depends on it.
First you must educate the electorate to use their brains for something other than sitting on them.
FYI.. we got our P-3 back.
This is exactly why other nations are working on down grading the American currency (dollar) from being the international reserve and exchange currency,,,because historically the American government has used it's influence to destroy the economies and starve the people of nations who do not agree with American and or western politics,,,and no nation or group of nations should used their power to impoverish an entire nation and its people,,,there is nothing humanitarian about such conduct,,,, all of the recent American wars have been aimed at stopping this effort, of many nations to be able to do international business without purchasing American currency to do so,,,before America became the world bully, no nation had a problem with propping up the American economy by trading in American currency,,,but since America started murdering every opponent of the American dollar/leaders who wanted to trade more in their own nations currency (like the late Saddam Hussein of Iraq and the late General Gadhafi) many more nations have become more interested in taming this out of control (Bully/America). When America went into both Iraq and Libya the first thing the military did was seize all of the government's money presses,,,,destroyed them,,,and opened up western banks,,,and started the people to immediately trading in US currency,,,,this is not coincidence,,,,, Now President Putin along with China, France, India, Australia, New Zealand, North Korea, Iran, Syria and others are all committed to creating a new international trade currency,,,which will move the world away from the American currency (and the abuses and sanctions) of the unreasonable and heartless American bully,,,because what America did to Cuba is always on the minds of other world leaders,,,,now Putin is the next target in the American crosshairs,,,but Putin is nothing like the others,,,and Russia is a war prospect which will destroy the western economy,,,,and that will be bad for all of the west,,,,America included,,,,let Putin have Ukraine,,,it's not worth going to war over,,,,America needs to mind its own economy and borders,,,trying to gain control of Russian oil and Russian pipelines in the Ukraine, is a guaranteed recipe for ww3,,,,no doubt about it,,,,so who's ready for a nuclear holocaust??? Life on planet earth, will never be the same,,,
@Lewis: A long uneventful diatribe you wrote which of course does NOT take into account the reasons why Pakistan and India haven't had a nuclear war, why the USA and the former Soviet Union didn't have a nuclear war, and why the USA and Russia won't have a nuclear war; they ALL KNOW one fact YOU obviously haven't thought about too carefully, there would be NO WINNER!
ALSO: How does one throw their money around and destroy the economies of foreign countries if those countries had decent governments to begin with? Seems like stable, good governments, still are. AND Crapholes with teen military leaders are still that way despite our best efforts. Not due to.
logistcis is what we aret alking about right? nukes and logistics now, the topic has changed. well, on board nuclear subs logistics are key. and really, you still cant count. you know, one, two three, like that, and later, yoou can learn how to count well above oone hundred chinese subs. like two hundred fifty, fifty four, and so on. then you can graduate to be knowledgable about logistics.
Sure seems to be a lot of stuff "stolen"...maybe the one thing America can't operate is a firewall, likely cuz of #$%$ IT people.
@mb yeah after they striped it
Logistics: Being able to bring your best and keep it supplied (USA) while the other (China) can't leave it's own shores for fear of running out of gas. Anything further than Australia (laughing) and China has to call AAA :) Still laughing at that joke, just like the cheap Chinese #$%$ they call a "Navy"... a laugh again.
Example of American logistics in getting troops body armor: Army Spc. Thomas Wilson: "Why do we soldiers have to dig through local landfills for pieces of scrap metal and compromised ballistic glass to up-armor our vehicles? And why don;t we have those resources readily available to us?" Rumsfeld: "As you know, ah, you go to war with the army you have---not the army you might want or wish to have at a later time.---You can have all the armor in the world on a tank and it can (still) be blown up... "
MLB -- not the way we lost it -- and in pieces.
Steven -- good post on Army Spc Thomas Wilson. If we don't supply the people who step up to defend us and cry "budget" it's because our own "leaders" haven't done what they need to have done in keeping our economy strong and constantly evolving in leadership. There's no doubt Americans want to have strong businesses, there's plenty of doubt that governmental "leaders" have even one clue about how to help make that happen for all. For all is absolutely necessary.
@kenneth There's a German world that describes your feelings toward China perfectly: Schadenfreude Schadenfreude (/ˈʃɑːdənfrɔɪdə/; German: [ˈʃaːdənˌfʁɔʏdə] defined as, "delighting in others' misfortune". Many such studies are based on social comparison theory, the idea that when people around us have bad luck, we look better to ourselves. Other researchers have found that people with low self-esteem are more likely to feel schadenfreude than are people who have high self-esteem.
One can only hope that mankind finds enough resources and resolve, after spending vast fortunes fighting each other over the millennia, to address the real threats that threaten all of mankind with extinction. China may be spending its newfound money buying islands and paying for ports when a meteor the size of 20 battleships swings around the sun headed straight for earth. It was only a few years ago when Shumacher Levy 9 hit Jupiter creating on that planet the largest explosions ever witnessed by humans within our solar system. It made all the power of all the atom bombs in the super powers' arsenals look like a string of firecrackers. Amateur astronomers discovered that particular comet before it hit and there are some really great pictures of the pieces hitting Jupiter. (check it out) Yet still we don't have deep space satellites combing the solar system for rogue objects that could wipe out millions or billions or everyone for that matter. Any day we could all find out that none of us have more than a few days to live. Or if no one happens to be looking in the right direction we could all be pitched into oblivion with no warning at all. Sorry if I seem depressing. It probably won't happen. Cheers.
umm yeah ok.. you are dismissed now.. back to the crack pipe..
What has a commit to do with war? Also Jupiter is a gas giant and absorbed the impact with out even a flinch. The largest explosion ever witnessed by humans has yet to come.
His point that you idiots missed is that if Shumacher-Levy had been on a collision path with the earth we would not have been able to stop it and it would have destroyed this planet, it was a planet killer for a planetary body the size of earth. A single comet hitting the earth would destroy all life on the planet. Though it would recover in time there wouldn't be any people to see it because we'd all be long dead.
The sooner the better. This world is foooked up. Then the earth can replenish itself without humans.
Sorry, there are doomsday folks who are holed up in their bunkers and will survive to replenish the earth.
It is not the first time, didn't y'all see the movie 'Noah?'
China already has bases in Africa.
Maintained & staffed by Burkina Faso's finest!
Like China, Russia has a pathetic collection rusting, smoking derelicts for a Navy.
Are you talking about their nuclear submarines"
Once those standards are applied internationally, then the US Navy would suddenly have to replace a good portion of their own fleet.
Huang... without exporting junk to the U.S., China pretty much returns to a poor overpopulated struggle for survival. The kind of Navy China plans to build and maintain is not feasible if the U.S. decides to return to Made in America.
We have a tendency to be arrogant with an err of superiority over our potential enemies; yet, we are the ones that suffer from that as a vulnerablity. We believe our mentality is always right; plus our already proven incompetent and impotent leadership proves us wrong on a regular basis. We have a "Star Trek mentality" of "I want it all right now," as if we have replicators creating assets we do not have out of thin air, and trasporters to move assets instantly around the globe with a blink of an eye. We lack the patience of our adversaries of the Far East. Our long range plans are usually 5 years; where as theirs are more like 25 years. They are in no rush. They buy what they need, instead of the latest expensive, yet unnecessary gadgets sold to them by good old boy networks doing business as usual with D.C. that drain our budget substantially, creating deepenr national debt. They move slowly, but deliberately in the direction they wish to go. They have a small, very centralized leadership that can make decisions quickly (which can be a vulnerability, as well as a strength...an example of how well this can work when it is done right is Vladimir Putin's authoritarian leadership syle in Russia.) The Chinese have a growing fleet of warships; but, also has an already large fleet of various commercial vessels. Resupply at sea is quite possible, along with using shore based facilities on small islands already in their possession, or taken over one way or another. Those small islands scattered around can stock supplies, become listening posts, electronic warfare centers, shore batteries of carrier killer supersonic cruise missiles, and STOL airstrips for both helicopters and fixxed wing aircraft (that they just happen to be developing right now for their carriers...with the help of our top secret technology from our Defense Department and government contractors stolen by their hackers.) We have a limited number of carriers that is shrinking. Couple that with required periodic overhauls, and using our limited number of ships dispersed to various trouble spots all over the world. How long does it take to reactivate a carrier, or build a new one, outfit it, train a crew adn add support ships to form a carrier battle group? China concerns itself predominantly with Asia and the Pacific for now; but is developing allies through military as well as mutually beneficial economic/commercial means with Mynamar, Iran, Pakistan, African nations, etc. It's even planning ties with Afghanistan and Africa for its strangle hold on strategic "rare earth elements" used for electronics. While we boast and brag about the high tech big stick we no longer have, and deal with sequestration, they speak softly and carry a bigger stick behind their backs, while exercising to carry larger ones. After we get our noses bloodied, we may very well kick them in the shins (or someplace else that also hurts) and run for the safety of home.
In addition to what is mentioned, they will attact us, 100 million man army.
I thought Star Wars was a Reagan dream. CEE BEE,please inform everyone how China will get their 100 million man army to the United States.
That shit is too long. Put in some paragraphs.
arrogance, i suppose all big nations are, but in the case of ISRAEL it is survival. not to justify arrogance, but ISRAEL is still there, and the UKRAINE unable to act even they have forces, but they are useless the UKRAINE today is like POLAND in the 17th century, who where a big nation at that time, but 3 conflicts with PRUSSIA - AUSTRIA HUNGARY - RUSSIA did resolve the nation as their forces where not able to stop this, and the remaning part became part of RUSSIA untill 1918, but CHINA and RUSSIA are the same arrogant, not that i like or dislike, but it is important that the USA stays on top, in the 18th - 19th centrury untill ww2 EUROPE was able to be less or more in controll after 1945 there where 2 superpowes. as the USA is made up out of EUROPEANS who left the old continent the USA formed, and when the MONROE doctrine was born that he USA had to expand from the EASTCOAST - WESTCOAST but this did make a superpower, who could move something so considering todays crsises the UKRAINE - and the ADIZ - CHINA it is important that they cannot walk away from this
Jim, WOW! I love it! You are right on target, AND you do have a way with words. In addition to what you described, most Asians are very self-disciplined in everything they do. And they watch. And watch. Very patiently. And they wait. And they learn. And then they act. In traveling I find that most all the motels & hotels are owned & operated by Indians. They are very well organized and always on site. They don't hire somebody to run their business while they sit back & rest. The husband is at the front desk, the wife is somewhere in the back, probably home-schooling the kids. I can usually smell something spicey cooking. I always do admire those families. In many other cultures, the kids are at home, doing their homework. American kids are at the Mall.
This is why China is eying islands all over the S. China sea. Why the Chinese are expending and demanding ownership of area's clearly outside their own waters. Why a strong U.S. presence is required in Asia. Obama is a weak sister. When the Repub's take back the WH, we'll see the beefing up of U.S. presence in Asia against Chinese aggression.
It is commonly known that China will surpass the US in GDP eventually.
The ChiComs already have a deep water port on the West Coast of the US at Long Beach, in the peoples socialist republic of fruits and nuts. They will need a Mid-Pacific port so I imagine they will have plans for obtaining Hawaii too.
NO! Hawaii will always belong to the U.S.! We stole the Hawaiian islands fair and square from Queen Liliʻuokalani and the Hawaiian people in 1893!
He day US either limits or cuts economic relations, and thus dependence, with China should be a national holiday. It has done more to hurt American than help it... these so called "positive" economic relations with China have only helped to make the 1% of US richer and while pretty much wiping out the middle class by and adding to the growing numbers of poor and homelessness.... also, US leaders kissing up to China is degrading to Americans as a whole.. might as well work for them.
Temple Pee on the Slant eyed #$%$ !
On that day, China will stop buying any of our national debt (they currently buy about a third of it). The next day interest rates in the US will go through the roof and a major economic crisis will envelop the nation. China has us by the economic gonads - that's why our Gov't has to be very nice.
Temple: You are another ignorant person blaming China for everything,. The 1% would have found some other place, it not China.
shipping our manufacturing off to China was like organized crime. China paid lobbyists in Washington and the US congress and senate delivered with a most favored nation trading status. And they sold it to the American people suggesting we would have access to 1 billion Chinese citizens buying our goods. Now the American consumer expects disposable patio furniture and clothes that you can wash a few times and then discard. Temple is right - it has cost the middle class dearly and helped push that wealth to the top 1%. We have people amassing incredible sums of wealth - owning multiple homes - it's not a healthy balance at all.
@John, And you are another ignorant fool defending the 1% and their conscience choice to destroy us. Them having other options besides China does not change anything. China still takes advantage of the greedy idiots running this country.
@Temple: Most of the debt to China has been our liberal government borrowing money to support entitlements. People smart enough to be in the 1% don't borrow and don't invest in risky politics like China. Similarly most of the cheap products purchased from China are sold to American workers who don't want to pay the price of products produced by other American workers. It ain't the greedy 1%, it's the greedy 99% that causes the problem.
sorry brain dead m.o.r.on.s. China has 1% of the deficit, the majority holder is....GASP!!!!! ..... AMERICAN BANKS. SURPRISE!!!! And the 1% does AND HAS moved companies to china, mexico, and other low wage, zero environment regulated countries so they can get MORE PROFIT. SURPRISE AGAIN!!!!!!!! Sad you brain dead m.o.r.on.s. are actually trying to defend the very people moving AMERICAN jobs to different countries!!!
Well, I'll ask you to try just to beat the 1%. They will crush you right away even if you’re real American and not an «illegal alien». For them (the 1%) it doesn’t matter.
But isn't capitalism and free trade what America is all about? If you can't play the game you invented and win at it, who's fault is that? "WAAAAA, China is taking advantage of us!" What a bunch of #$%$ng whiners you yanks are. China is going to do what's best for China. It's not China's job to make sure free trade benefits America. If your leaders are corrupt and selling the country out, that's America's #$%$ng problem. Stop whining and blaming others for what you're doing to yourselves.
"it highlighted a strategic headache for Beijing - its lack of offshore bases and friendly ports to call on." I see where the reporters are going with this. But it quick silly trying to make a military speculation here. Since this is an international humanitarian efforts, China or any country involved with the search should encounter problems by calling on support from nearby ports. Also, it is slap on the face of the entire international community that after so along we still have no clue or evidence what happened to the flight 370. Seems to me that we spent too much money on military hard wares, but paid little attention or investment to civilian airlines.
eeree lion do you know how to read?
@rob I didn't say that Chinese navy would not have problems for calling up support, if there were a conflict. But we don't need this article to tell us that, and there isn't simply any connection at all. The reporters are simply trying to use an event that has attracted public attention to make a point on something else that is totally irrelevant. To me, this is a demonstration of poor journalism, although you and others might disagree. But again, we are here to exercise our First Amendment Right and express our own opinion democratically...LOL
Uhmmmm. The Spratly islands tensions in the South China Sea are a glaring indication that China is painfully aware of fuel dependence. The whole subject is funny in that due to the explosive economic gains China has made in recent decades, their power requirements have gone exponential without a long term plan beyond posturing strength without real sustainable force. A gun without bullets is metal only. Bluffs. Cart before the horse in all it's glory. Force or diplomacy are the only way China can move toward energy and naval supply needs in the Asian theater. Force is out of the question. The other option to China is sheer financial might, which it surely has. On a more humorous note, just infiltrate China with feminists and the game is over. LoL! Honey Badger anyone?
Why do we have to talk about wars and conflicts and what nots and what ifs. Instead why not try to have friendly relationships with somebody. All we do is send money and troops to countries in need and afterwards they forget about us. I say send countries who are in need of food water and medical and forget about anything else
Chinese technology is no way compared to America's. However, it's powerful nowdays due to the fact that it's rich to buy anything. China bought our computer Lenovo and still want to buy Hummer and whole GM. We are helpless because we are owing debt to them. Please vote for a right president next term to save and get rid of trillions of debt burden to our children. When we don't have money we lose power and I hope ppl should get it.
They can't save us from the present debt.
I am talking about not to get worse in the future.
Lenovo was a Chinese computer company manufacturing computers for IBM before they bought IBM's PC division. Get your fact straight. They aren't buying whole GM. Keep making s h1t up.
We will be paying our current debt well into the future. But I do understand your point and agree.
@ Jacob--Ron Paul, the presidential candidate in 2008, seems to be a right person to cut our redundant expenses such as billions of dollars we donate to foreign countries like Pakistan and Egypt..
But Ron Paul could never win. I like most of his ideas but we need to focus on someone with a chance of beating Hilldog
@Daddy--You are right. Practically, he is hated by both parties and he won't stand a chance. His son might get better chance than he does.
A lot of IFs in this article.
Retro--I have seen several articles about the new 'rail guns' and I have one serious problem. The rail gun is a marvel of electronic engineering so my question is how does it defend itself from EMP attacks, or for that matter, plain old signal jamming?
What if an EMP hits while a projectile is inside the gun, with the resulting surge in the opposite polarity cause the projectile to launch backwards into the breech causing the gun to explode? If so, would this explosion be large enough to completely destroy the ship or just cripple it?
I question China's strategy. Why try to out USA the USA? Let the USA have the large expensive Navy and let the Chinese be shrewd and project power other ways like cheaper asymmetric ways. that's what I would do.
Amateurs discuss tactics. Professionals study logistics.
Commie Chinese are amateurs, rookies at sea.
Does human being has enemy except from itself? greediness. selfishness. prideful, arrogant and ignorance of others right, lack of self discipline and dis-respect to others... That is our enemy...
Yes, both are important but if you Google "Logistics Quotes" you'll find out why logistics take precedence. But a few examples: "Because of my wartime experience, I am insistent on the point that logistics know-how must be maintained, that logistics is second to nothing in importance in warfare, that logistic training must be widespread and thorough..." - VADM Robert B. Carney, USN "The war has been variously termed a war of production and a war of machines. Whatever else it is, so far as the United States is concerned, it is a war of logistics." - Fleet ADM Ernest J. King, in a 1946 report to the Secretary of the Navy "The line between disorder and order lies in logistics…" - Sun Tzu "My logisticians are a humorless lot ... they know if my campaign fails, they are the first ones I will slay." - Alexander The Great
China is bullying other smaller Asian countries. Now they know China's weakness that they will use to attack the bully.
I must say that our news agency is our own worst enemy. it is great to be free, but at what cost. would it not be best served if China did not know we had this info and we where not mocking them on it. Would out economy have not been in the whole it was if our news wasn't telling just how grim and dire it was every second. I love our news, but I hate it to, we are our own worst enemy. just remember all, no super power, since the beginning of time, has lasted, no race, no animal, no mammal, nothing, it all falls over time.
Do you REALLY believe they didn't know their own naval weakness?? Why do you think they're working on expanding it??
I am CERTAIN, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that the greatest threat to the American people is not Iranian nukes or Russia or Syria or China or climate change. The greatest threat to the American people is the Corrupt US Mainstream Media.
Dude, the Chinese cannot yet project power and they know it. That my come in time. Right now they are building three oilers to refuel their ships. These are not state secrets.
Dude! This is obvious information!!! Anyone could figure this out!! IF anything, because China knows that we know this weakness, they have to play ball with us financially and in trade agreements and in dealing with situations like the supposed islands of Japan and Vietnam that China is now saying is theres!! So this is all good News all the way around… Now that we know, China Can't bluff their way through!!! In other words, Their Bluff has been revealed… They are strategically weakened and it will be a long time if ever for them to ever become strong in this way!! Navy wise, Japan is limited… And that also then includes their Air Support outside of their own country is also limited….. So this is all Good!
How about our movie industry? 'Charlie Wilson's War' - Movie about how proud Americans are of supplying weapons to Afghanistan to kill Russian soldiers. 'Argo' - Movie about how proud Americans are of overthrowing democratic Iran and putting a dictator friendly to our oil interests in place and how those responsible successfully lied and cheated their way out of the country to avoid facing charges.
"Charlie Wilson's War was a little payback for Vietnam. "Argo"... what "Charges"... like when they an embassy was taken over and people held hostage?
Exactly my point. Russians didn't proudly make a movie about screwing the US in Vietnam. Taking over an embassy is bad? After you #$%$ng overthrew their government?
China's Navy does not pose any threat to any nation, because those tin cans would be history and down to the bottom very easily if there was a significant military confrontation. In fact, Taiwan has had success in the past going up against the Chinese when they booted the PLA off several small islands along the Chinese coast. If Taiwan can boot the Chinese off small islands, then Japan alone would not have any problems deflecting the PLA away from their territory.
Difference is that China considers the people living in Taiwan to be Chinese. If Japan tried to start sh*t, Hiroshima and Nagasaki might just start to have a nice glow to it again not seen since WWII.
Why is it whenever a US Navy ship enters the region the Chinese run away like rats? That's especially true when an aircraft carrier comes in. Despite the Chinese claiming they have enough power to deflect a US incursion to their territory, the US Navy can make both Shanghai and Beijing big piles of ash within seconds.
Steve, have you seen the capabilities of The Ike aircraft carrier? I think it might be the most devestating war machine on the earch, absolutely amazing. Chinese are not even close to this sort of equipment.
Steve, I think its because Americans are naturally stinky and they don't like your smell. And the Chinese not only claim than can deflect a US incursion, they already proved it. Remember the Korean War? US could have turn Shanghai and Beijing into ash back then too, but what happened instead was that they kicked your #$%$ng punk #$%$ back across the 38th parallel. If they weren't afraid of the US then, why would they possibly be afraid of you now? Cuz right after Shanghai and Beijing goes up, Los Angeles and New York is next. So go ahead and choose how crazy you want to get, tough guy.
@Steven, You are talking about something that happened 60 years ago and there was a lot of internal trouble with the US military's relationship with the administration in DC which you do not understand. If MacArthur would have been allowed to do what he wanted to, North Korea would not be existing today, but the administration in DC at the time decided not to allow MacArthur to do anything on his own, nor allowed him to make additional plans after the successful Inchon invasion that ended up taking the North koreans to the Chinese border. It was only than Kim went to Mao and pleaded for help, because at that point the North Koreans were on their knees and were almost decimated by US and allied forces. MacArthur wanted to invade China and at the time was denied by the administration as they feared a unnecessary wider war with China. Within days Mao sent the PLA into Korea with its huge human waves that overran US and allied positions in current North Korea. As for China today, I doubt very seriously they have the ability to be much of a match for the US military. Like I said in my reply to you every time a US Navy aircraft carrier enters the region, the Chinese run away like rats. You have not seen the US military like I have and know nothing about what you are talking about. There is more to what you do not know about the US military that will scare the #$%$ out of anyone. Both Beijing and Shanghai are legitimate targets, but so are the PLA bases in Fujian that pose a national security threat to Taiwan. We know there are several missile batteries located in central China that are pointed at the US and have the range to hit every US allied nation around the world. China is a major threat to the national and economic security of the US, and Americans have come to understand that fact. We can survive without China, and we know China will not be able to survive without the US.
China's navy is basically a Coastal Power and its Blue Water Navy is technologically very shallow. The CIA study report that its first Aircraft Carrier The Leong, its survivability time table in a full scale war with another Super Power is only 3 hours. And large it maybe, this so called up to date Aircraft Carrier of China can launch 1 Fighter Aircraft for every 25 - 35 Minutes..... It has a very poor technological based Carrier battle Group. That is why its survivability in a major war is very short... A US Aircraft Carrier (The older models) can launch a Fighter Aircraft for every 6 - 8 minutes.... Not to mention the more efficient newer model (The Gerald Ford Class Aircraft Carrier) can do even better (which is classified..... Also the Carrier Battle Group of the US Fleet is way way more superior on its technological capabilities. With at least 2 Aegis Class Anti-missile Radar Ships to support each Battle group.....
You need those base only if, you have an outward expansionism policy and two, you have #$%$ off to many people around the world.
China is a country that is surrounded by its enemies. China is surrounded by India (their Gods know they have a bone to pick with China), Europe (US allies), Japan, Vietnam, Philli, and Taiwan (Not sure who this guy loyal to, but he's Chinese so I don't think there's trust in being a U.S. ally). Hypothetically speaking, if the U.S and its allies were to drop thousands of nukes using drones at cities where Chinese troops are allocated and have Navy seek and destroy all enemies ships. Wouldn't that end a conflict easily? Surely, there are going to be resistant, but when you're surrounded by enemies and land. Which ways to go and who's to hit back first? Surely, there are going to be casualties of war, but did that stopped the U.S. dropping the bombs in Hiroshima and Nagasaki? The strategy here is to hit hard and hit it where it hurts the most, and kill a lot doesn't matter who to end a conflict swiftly, and when you're entering a war. It doesn't how many civilian dies, they are just casualties of war, and as if that really matter to those who want to win the war. Some may argue that no one will actually do this, but I'm just hypothetically speaking, and the world is full of crazy people. Africa is a prime example of what the world probably looks like if there is another rise of a U.S. clone.
WOW and you are one of the crazies.
You make your own enemies as you make your own friends... your comment speaks for itself.
Real good way to engender alliances - bully everybody who has something you want; threaten them with force if they don't give it to you.
well it has worked for the usa
Exactly, US wants oil. Been bullying the Middle-East ever since
hey that is the american way no wonder everyone hates USA
china does not have the political will to be in the subordinate role of a relationship in order to meet strategic superiority... iran would be a natural partner in the middle east as long as no one knows and that defeats the purpose of an alliance... and iran wants concessions on muslims in china that commies just dont do... china has built themselves a guilded cage... with petty conflict to distract from internal trouble... those petty meaningless aggressive actions like tienaman square power pushes are counterproductive and are great back home... but like obama their commie words have nothing backing them up...
Dennis, good that you remember Tianinaman Square - American corporations will oblige China shamelessly until the Crony Capitalist Kleptomaniacs of China have everything that the US once had. american corporations are a natural ally for China today - tons of pollution, endless supply of oppressed cowed workers... this is the wet dream of America's ruling 1%. If the richest echelon of Americans cannot destroy the environmental laws, the labor laws, and legal restraints they hate here in America, then they can just go and be "Chinese". The very rich will likely end up making all of America look like China.... with Republicans' help.
Marcie, there is a point even the Chinese will rid themselves of pollution just like we. Nobody will make America look like China more than Barack Hussein Obama. The rich will have moved overseas and Barack will have fulfilled his wish of seeing Americans live like his cousins in Kenya.
Meh, still better than what Americans lived like under Bush...
China and the corporate U.S.interests are sleeping together. Impossible to differentiate governments from money, really. It makes sense for the States to posture opposition to Chinese expansionist portrayals. That way it appears corporate America are not selling out our heritage. The most direct questions pertains to how the bedroom functions and how long before the doors are thrown open through "irreconcilable differences". Even then, truth is perceived and dealt in and through politics. Reality is an entirely other concept. Propaganda has extended it's realm far beyond leaflets dropped from military aircraft. Media outlets are carefully controlled and social media is the new religion for the masses. Subjugation breeds complacency. It's just a show that both China and the U.S. need to play out while bankers do the real dirty work of grabbing what they want.
We're too dangerous for anyone to take on that's why all of our wars are fought on someone else's soil. We're protected by the two large oceans, one on each side. We have allies worldwide and the most high tech military in the world. If you aren't aware of this you simply aren'y paying attention.
Good to see you're paying attention Robert.
Jag, Hawaii was not yet a State. And the Japanese submarine off the coast of California was not what anyone would call an invasion. So you were smart to add the question mark.
A few things to consider... China's military history, the BRICS nations and China's vast resources. China's military has always played their cards close to their chest, most often proving themselves to be worthy opponents. The BRICS nations, although still in its infancy, means they could already be working on logistics and support agreements with their "neighbors". And, finally, their resources are emense. Not only do they have a population of 1.3 billion, they have huge amount of natural resources to exploit - and, thanks to the American consumer, the manufacturing capability to produce just about anything - quickly too.
I myself do my best in not buying anything made in china. I will not have my money going to china's military buildup.
The part that bothers me is all the electronics they make for us. If we did have a military conflict, we would have big problems making sure we keep ourselves supplied with electronics, including cell phones.
@ Rob. I agree. Thank The lord we have A sensitive material Purchase ban on Items coming from China. If we did ever have to face them, at least we are (On Paper) not dependent on them for weapons!
China's success has always been with the size of it's land army, period. They will never dominate the seas and by the time they might be able to compete technology will be past the point of needing bodies.
Um, China's not invading, and only a fool would attempt to invade a country of 1.3B (that number seems low to me). As this article highlights, China has been a regional power but very isolationist for the vast majority of it's existence. They've proven to have significant trouble getting along with their neighbors even. China's interest in naval power is primarily to allow them to project power throughout the China sea, and right now, the US still actually calls the shots. The Russian navy actually has more power in the Black Sea and Eastern Mediterranean than China has in their own back yard.
Fortunately, Rob, there are still many electronics manufacturers in the USA (and North America). So, we really don't need to depend on China for electronics. However, they certainly would be a lot more expensive because our federal minimum wage is not much less than what many chinese factory workers make in a day.
Jay - You should be very concerned. just do a search for fake chinese part in US military equipment to see why.
Molon and David - Rule number 1 in warfare - never underestimate your enemy. The US trade deficit with China alone in 2013 totaled more than $318 billion. When you add in the interest payments on the debt we owe them, the number becomes quite significant - about 2/3 of what the USA spent on it's military funding last fiscal year. No matter how you spin it, any country with such a large sum of money, being handed to them every year, can do a helluva lot with it.
If this is your way of saying they suck, I agree.
Yes they can manufacture just about anything and fast but some of the products are soooo inferior in quality. Many things are disgustingly cheap and don't hold under normal use. Is this what we want?
@WB Well, it depends on what you mean by "normal use." Do you use your vibrator once a week, twice a week, or more? Like a lot of things, maybe it just breaks from overuse or improper handling.
@WB, The Chinese can manufacture higher quality. The products you see in the US are deliberately made cheap, for the US market. The Importers order them, so to maximize their profit.
WB - RusselG brings up a good point. And, judging by the US trade deficit with China, they're providing exactly what Americans want.
They will get ports eventually. Perhaps, starting with friendly regime in Burma/Myanmar, then going to Iran and Indonesia. In Pacific, they could also find some small island countries willing to host military bases.
"If there was real tension and the risk of conflict between China and a U.S. ally in East Asia, then it is hard to imagine Chinese warships being allowed to enter Australian ports for re-supply," said one Beijing-based analyst who watches China's naval build-up. If conflict arise in E Asia against a US ally such as Japan or Philippine, why would PLAN need to replenish in Australia? Even in the scenario of protecting sea route in Indian Ocean, ports in Myanmar or Pakistan would make more sense then Australia. Unless China intended to invade penguin land in South Pole. As tension arise that would threaten the Indian Ocean sea route, China would take investment of land routes to the Middle East more seriously, a route that can be guarded by PLA and PLAAF as well.
I think the point of concern is that they could not maintain a significant campaign in the South Pacific, Coral Sea, & Tasman Sea without resupply ports to the east and south of Australia. This leaves a huge area for opposition forces to gather, gear up, resupply, and be supported close to the china mainland. I guess its along the same line if for whatever reason Australia was not our Ally in the conflict and the Philippines were taken. It would be a heck of a lot tougher to maintain any kind of campaign.
I think they're talking about Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippine, .... those countries down South, not ones in Yellow Sea. Also, they're talking about navy force, nothing mentioned about army force so land is out of the equation here. You have misunderstood.
what campaign, china only need to secure those rocks and its doesn't need much army or navy to to secure it , few missile will do it. beside china will not going to invade any nation (nation are not made of rocks) so cool it usa your plan will not work
The history of China is that all dynasties eventually collapse and usually with disagreeable consequences for those formerly in charge. Take for example, the Xia, Qin, Tang, Song, Qing etc. The CCP dynasty will be no different because it is following the same path that the other failed dynasties followed before they collapsed. This path included making enemies of their neighbors and focusing on enriching themselves and their families. Given the greed and billions of dollars that Emperor Xi Huang Di and his fellow regime crooks have amassed, it is just a matter of time before they find themselves out of a job and with ventilation openings in the back of their heads. Indeed, if you look at all the money and real estate illegally squirreled abroad by Emperor Xi and his cronies, these folks are expecting the chop to come their way and are planning their bolt holes in western countries. Enjoy it while you can, Xi Huang Di for tomorrow………….
Human nature is the same everywhere. What you forget is that their civilization has lasted over 4,000 years longer than yours...
China has a history of over 5000 years...the U.S....500. The rise and fall of the U.S. will happen as it did in China, Rome, Egypt etc., just a matter of time and the way the government has been going about it lately over the last 50 years, not a battle outside of Grenada has been won it will happen quicker than any previous empire.
You should study more history. A few of the Chinese dynasties conquered half of the world. You forgot to say that. Every country had their bright days and dark days in the past including England, France, Spain, and more. It is only a matter of time. But we may not see the next up and down in our life time.
David is just a typical narrow-minded American
There is currently no other navy in the world that can go toe to toe with the US Navy. We have been a sea power for many decades and continue to grow. That is unless Barry O. has his way and downsizes the fleets. Our carriers and submarines still rule the waves. China will not catch up with the US for many years to come, if at all. Having been isolationists for so many hundreds of years with no appreciable naval force China is having to start from scratch. Becoming a major seapower isn't easy. Since WWII and the elimination of the Imperial Japanese Navy the US has been the last man standing when it comes to a major naval seapower. The Navy is our major projection of power worldwide and the Good Lord willing will remain as strong and effective as it is.
I have written about US naval policy for a long time, and from that standpoint, the remarks I see here are chilling. The point that the US has nominally a better navy than China is true, but if the fleet suffers heavy losses against, say, Iran, it will be a lot weaker in what it can put against China, or anything else.. Besides which, the de-industrialization of the US is dramatically weakening ability to build and service ships, and planes too. This can go wrong very easily. arcaneone
Yeah, that's that same thing they once said about the British navy...
You guys are talking like its a game of Risk. Its about people, lives, property...who really give a flying F if you have the biggest and best Navy in the world, you, your kid, their and their kids will be forever paying for it. Empires fall and the beginning could be one of the new super missiles sinking the biggest, baddest, carrier in the fleet...why talk so silly of this ancient mojo of bigger, great and best...the new threat to the U.S. if one or a group of countries wanted to take the country would not be conventional war, nor a nuke but a cyber war, completely crippling communication and command systems. The Ole' boy's military is history except for the payment of course!
It's funny you brought that up. Strategic games are widely used to test military tactics. Henry Kissinger was reputed to be a fan of "Diplomacy". How does the British national anthem go? Something like Waive Britannia, Britannia waives the rules----something like that. arcaneone
Don't worry, by the time they get friendly ports, Obama will have already destroyed the U.S. Navy...
The most strategic location that can provide logistical support to Indian Ocean, East Asia, Southeast Asia and the Pacific is the Philippines. Its the doorway to all of the areas. The Philippines has thrown out the US Bases in the 80's and it would have been an opportunity for China to win the support of the Philippines as possible friendly harbor. But instead of being friendly it bullies the Philippines over the Spratley Islands issue which could have been easily resolved with a friendly agreement to mutually develop and share in the profit of the area. However China chose to bully instead that made the Philippines suspicious of its real intent thus China pushed the Philippines not only to file a case in the UN but at the same time agree to a new USA base agreement in Southern Philippines. Such agreement will allow the US effective logistical support base and effectively blocked China in any of its future navy plan. Now it appears China needs the Philippines.
They managed to #$%$ every neighboring country off. Who's gonna let them in their back yard? They are better off docking in africa where they rain down money for resources and diplomatic ties.
According to the article, the US is helping China in long-range deployments by taking responsibility for keeping the Strait of Hormuz open, although the US itself does not need the oil because it has finally gotten around to tapping its own deposits of shale oil. And the point of that is..... arcaneone
But that US shale oil is sold on the open international commodities markets and China can buy as much of our domestic oil that the oil companies can sell them. Oil companies, Exxon, Shell, BP all are helping China and selling out the US all for a buck.
You know, this is so disrespectful of Western journalists to continue to mock China given that more than 2/3rds of the passengers on board that plane were Chinese. It's deplorable that they use this occasion to deploy their propaganda about how "behind" China's navy is to the US, blah, blah, blah! First of all, China is not poised to project military power all over the globe. They spend their resources much more intelligently on their economic growth. Second of all, in military terms they can defend themselves against any aggressor who comes to their shores to cause trouble, point blank. But the last and most ironic thing is that while the Western media still downplays China's so called "lack" of capabilities in this search for flight 370, non of the Western powers have turned up anything either! I mean is that really too hard to be aware of that fact???
Try not to blame them and just pity them. They see the writing on the wall, China is rising while America is in decline. As a result, people in the West all feel a subconscious need to keep saying how great America is now as much as possible, you know, before it isn't true any more. I mean, last time China was on top, they held that position for over 4,000 years. So yeah, say it with me Americans, "America is the best country in the world!" Say it again and say it with pride and as much as possible for the next 20 years, cuz after that you might not be about to say it again for another 4,000 years.
China will fall on it's own if it can't overcome massive corruption incompetence, pollution and HR issues
Yes. Point out China's faults, while ignoring your own country's problems. That way you can feel better about your own country. An excellent defense mechanism to help cope with the inevitable gradual downfall of the US. I bet people in Great Britain during the early 20th century were saying "The U.S. will fall on it's own if it can't overcome massive corruption, incompetence, pollution and HR issues" too. That was right before the U.S. past them right up. But now, the U.S. is about to become the new Great Britain, a once proud and mighty nation that is now just best known for Simon Cowell.
Mock? Cry me a river. Propaganda is the same everywhere.
The Chinese military has a vast number of warm bodies...and not much else. They lack logistics more than anything else..and unless you're fighting a war next to a military base...you don't get far without a means to resupply. The reason no one has found the MH370 wreckage in the middle of the Indian Ocean is simply because that's not where the aircraft will be found....I mean is it rally too hard to be aware of that fact??
@JT Any possible war scenario for China WOULD be close to their military bases. Taiwan? Check. Japan? Check. So all this "logistics" #$%$ is really a non-issue.
Even maintaining a madman in North Korea to provide contrast, China often seems irrational and aggressive- and, ultimately, untrustworthy. While it has accomplished much in Africa to help local populations largely ignored and maligned by other first world countries (and gained considerable economic advantage by so doing), there are few countries which would allow a strong, unpredictable and nuclear capable navy to set up shop anywhere near something so vital to their economy as a large port city. China has a lot of fences to mend before it earns such trust. China now has the assets required to carry a big stick, but they have yet to learn how to speak softly- 7,000 years of culture notwithstanding.
Ironically, the person who coined the phrase "Speak softly, and carry a big stick," Teddy Roosevelt, was the biggest imperialist bastard the world has ever known. So yeah, your ignorance of American history is actually quite humorous. Criticizing China of aggression, while quoting a US President who used American force to brutally expand U.S. power abroad.
That phrase is actually believed to have originated in Africa. Yes, Roosevelt was an imperialist- but he won through diplomacy and the capacity for (rather than the actualization of) war something China has yet to attain. I submit that you lack the means required to gauge my knowledge of American history- after all, any system of cognizance must be larger than what it attempts to model. By the way, your English, while no doubt better than my Chinese, could use some polish. Your last "sentence" is a fragment.
Yes, many of the slaves brought to America to work on plantations originated from Africa too. So what? And actually, Roosevelt's form of "diplomacy" was better known as "gunboat diplomacy," which just happened to involve a lot of aggression and killing. I mean, there's no use denying what's clearly written in your own history books, is there? However, I do seem to detect some animosity in your tone. So I apologize for mentioning your country's somewhat shameful imperialistic past and exposing American hypocrisy. Also, thanks for correcting my grammar like a typical Internet #$%$ Am I saying that right? My English isn't that great and I can never remember if #$%$ is one word or two.
This, from a scion of warlords, slave owners, and genocides? That's hilarious, if a bit sad. I would say (in all fairness, the very duration of your history makes such a thing inevitable) that China has far more skeletons in her closet than we have managed to amass over the course of only two short centuries. You may wish to consider another simple but apparently elusive reality: times change. When Roosevelt was president, Ultima Ratio Regum was still a common tool of diplomacy. Diplomats lacking a stick (or a carrot) would generally fail against those equipped with both tools. Of course, "that was Zen- and this is Tao". Far from learning from the lessons of history, your leadership still embraces its darkest moments, and seems to be building towards a reprisal of bloodshed on a truly epic scale. Sadly, the blood shed will be largely Chinese- as you boast of having larger armies than other nations, this becomes inevitable. You may whistle past this graveyard as bravely as you like- but it yawns with empty graves awaiting millions of innocents cozened by a few cynical yet ultimately suicidal tyrants leading them mindlessly towards a final silence. Please forgive me for taking so long to respond; I can afford to spend far less time online than one paid (or at least fed) to do so.
Usually Asia is a peaceful land Who provoked infighting within Asia and trying their best to label China as a country who is just greedy the oil under the sea?
Thinking outside the box a bit, would it be possible to build large, floating concrete "ports" anchored to the bottom of the ocean? If such things could be built, they could be built almost anywhere. Do we have any experts on naval architecture who could comment on this?
It's not the dock that counts, it's the supplies.
I happen to be an expert on naval architecture. My comment is that you're a #$%$.
@Lindal - I like the way you think - innovative ideas like that will make you rich.
Don't forget that during WWII the allies had actually build these and then once the beachhead had been secured brought them in and sunk them to make ports. The problem for China, as I see it, is that if you have no country willing to allow you to port in their country these "docks" would have to be "dropped" in open waters and you would have to fight off waves and storms.
Great forward thinking - look up Mulberry Harbor WW-2 LindaL you moron.
Lindel: Floating concrete! What's it made of, Polystyrene?
Docks are not the problem dude! SUPPLIES~ Gas, Food, Water, etc..... these are what's hard to come by. So lets say they built a thousand floating docks..... How will they resupply the docks to in turn re supply the ships? Idiot!
Great! A floating dock! What about the supplies? I'd say you have a great idea for target practice.
do you mean like the man made islands that serve as airports in several countries? welcome to 1979, you would be a true visionary if you were born 100 years ago
Floating concrete! That's almost as crazy as floating metal, right DuncanH?
Naval carrier groups are pretty useless with all these anti-ship weapons. Basically you would need the outer ships to take the damage and then you're vulnerable.
China does has a dilemma. No real friends and choke points to get to the open ocean. It will take decades for the PLA to get any meaningful access, let alone a world-wide network of ports and bases. As for where to get bases in at least the South and East Asian Seas, China will likely build out the reefs and islets they are harassing countries about currently with land fill to create larger bases once they bully everyone out of the way.
Bull. China is not claiming anything they have not claimed for hundreds of years.
And yet American companies close domestic factories in order to shift manufacturing jobs to them for the sake of profitability. China remains America’s largest overseas debt holder and it continues to buy U.S. securities. No my friend we have the dilemma as we sell our country to others. A conflict with China would destabilize the world's economy. We will have no choice but to stand down and not a single shot will be fired.
Paul. The more U.S. debt China owns, the more dependent on us they become.
Sage the point is that we will never have a military conflict with China because it will impact the world's economy. However as the worlds resources diminish and the population increases there will be increased hostilities. China will not need a military to defeat us if they own us. Our allies by that time will be part of a unified front and our currency will not be as strong. China does not have to defeat us. They just have to continue to buy us. 1.2 trillion of our debt is owned by China now. No sir Sage. China is still a militaristic country that is growing and in need of resources. They can defeat us without conflict and then we will be absorbed. Our unity as a country will disappear as it now. Open your eyes..... it is already happening. Our allies will have no other option but to persuade us to negotiate their interest not ours. America will disappear.
Actually, Paul, nobody really owns their house. The local taxing authorities have first lien rights and can confiscate your home at any time by simply raising the tax rate. When a foreigner buys your home, they are in an even worse predicament. The more debt China requires, the more they are at our mercy to pay it back.
It's not "bullying" but rather a dispute; such interactions take two to tango and thus it would be quite improper to point the finger solely at the Chinese, especially when many of these nations have disputes amongst themselves.
Perhaps the Philippines want to consider giving us back our naval base at Cavite eh?
Perhaps if the American service men stationed there would stop raping women, the Philippines might consider it, eh?
Years ago, brainwashed by #$%$ politicians, the Philippines drove US out of there. Now after years of open their eyes and being bullied by Chinese, they beg US to be back and protect their land and sea. I would charge them arms and legs for their stupidity.
Yeah ! That would , for them, be a VERY GOOD IDEAR ! and it would be good, in another way, for us . ! One thing for sure and that is being friends with the U.S. insures that no one will screw with your country all to much ! Thomas from Alabama
Yeah, they forget the US killed a couple of hundred thousand Filipinos in the Philippine-American war. So yeah, they are kinda stupid for letting Americans have a base there in the first place, let alone invite you back.
We helped the Filipinos kick the Japanese out during WWII, Steven. They are very grateful for that, so I've been told by talking with Filipinos. Now we have some dog eaters claiming a little reef within the Philippines 200 miles internationally recognized border. What say you, Steven. You like dog meat?
They can keep it, we already ruined the water table.
Someone let the trolls loose again...
@ Steven ... or they could just still belong to Japan. Plenty of US blood spilled on their soil for them. IMO - they owed us Cavite and Corregador
Its only a matter of time before unmanned attack submarine drones are littering the ocean. Ramping up conventional ships at this time is a waste. Fast attack missile boats are the weapon of choice today. In 20 years they will have drones stacked in ships like artillery shells on a ww2 battleship. Each armed with high speed torpedoes, anti air missiles, napalm, or bunker busters ect. They will land while other drones are taking off simultaneously, be rearmed, and relaunched before you can take a sh1t. They will destroy anything conventional that does not have one heck of a defense system. Anything made today will be rendered useless. The best of the best will be the closers, autopilot and rookies will fly the drones within reasonable range and the pilot flying the drone attacking you is the same guy that did it 15 seconds ago. He will know where you are, how you are moving, and will get a do over until you are dead. Mark my word.
you know what my dad is a naval historian and a military fanatic based on conversations with him over the last 20 years il buy that for sure it really does not sound that far fetched
And THIS is why America wants to keep looking. No plane at all: military information.
And there you have it - China's unfriendly relations with it's closest neighbors are hindering the expansion of its navy. There is value in having "soft power" after all!
Their closest neighbors don't offer assurance to their supply lines, those leading to Africa and the ME, even if they were friendly. The key lies in countries in those regions, which Beijing has directed a charm offensive at with some successes.
And these guys think they can go to war with the U.S.? What a joke. Perhaps if the CCP weren't so stupid a few years ago, they would have some allies backing them. China purely think the military is for show of might, nothing more. China failed to see how they can use the military as a marketing tool and for humanitarian purpose, like the U.S. have been using its military, to network itself around the world. S. Korea and Japan were willing to opt for closer ties with China. In fact, S. Korea and Japan did not feel at ease hosting the U.S. military. We hear protests against U.S. military almost every other day. What did China do with this once a lifetime golden opportunity? These damn fools squander it. Now, these same countries, S. Korea and Japan are opening their arms to the U.S. including the Philippines, another country that decided to open their arms to the U.S. again. China have plenty of human power but not brain power. If Beijing want a war with the U.S., I'll say they last 15 minutes max.
A 15 minute war with China is all that would take to sink the American economy!! Why do you think your leaders are reluctant to upset them too much. Some of the recent comments about china from American leaders had fear written all over it!! USA are desperately trying to words to flex their muscles against china, while they just sit back and laugh..
Most Americans buy the #$%$ that their government spews at them, China, Russia, India etc carry for more intelligent brain power than the usa, the usa bullies its way around the world until somebody stands up to them then they not quite sure what to do!!!
How long did US fight in Vietnam, Afghanistan, Iraq? How about Grenada and Panama? The Desert storm? 15 minutes for China? What are you taking, Terra X?
did anyone think they were searching for the plane. they were testing their capabilities all that time. there are billions of Chinese, only sheeple or trolls would believe they were looking for some 100 plus people. all that technology they bragged about and no plane. yeah, hard too believe. this was all tactical solution and implementation, lesson learned, what we need out there for the Chinese on this search. man, why do the world think that Chinese regime are reasonable human-beings.
Other than defending the North Korea, China has no military conflict with the USA. They did provide some assistance to N Korea and N Vietnam. In both wars, N Korea and N Vietnam kicked our butts. China should know that it cannot match USA in any military aspects and in economy. We may be worried that they may match our capability, but I don't think the Chinese has any misgivings that they can be there any time soon. Obama focus on China as the future enemy is misguided. Russia is showing hands with Obama and we are the one that is backing down. So it is sad that we don't even know why our real enemy is.
I seem to remember MacArthur pushing the North Koreans all the way back to the Chinese border before Truman introduced all this red tape before having him removed. His only dream was to start (and win) WW3.
This is where USA Spends one trillion a year over sea,s in Foreign AID and CUTS AMERICANS FOOD STAMPS FOR SENIORS, KIDS, POOR AT HOME IN USA.. Cut Veteran Benefits programs, Cuts Military Salary,s, but spends one trillion on PORK BILLS FOR POLITICANS MONEY IN CAYMAN ISLAND ACCOUNTS. WASHINGTON HAS GONE TO THE DOGS AND NEEDS NEW EVERY ONE THERE TO MANAGER BETTER, LOST 5 BILLION IN STATE DEPT, LOST BILLIONS IN AFGANISTAN. ON AND ON. MARCH ON WASHINGTON LIKE EGYPT / LIKE THE INDAINS ARE DOING TODAY. THEY ARE BEING PUSHED INTO THE DIRT LIKE AMERICAN CITIZENS, 30 MILLION ILLEGALS ARE THE KINGS PEOPLE NOW, 4 MILLION VISA LAW BREAKERS ARE FREE TO ROAM.
Jack know also that Politicians have owners. Its the people/ companies/organizations that put them in office. They don't give a dam what you and I want as THE PEOPLE.The senators/house reps are bonafide pimps and prostitute's....
We should cut ALL of that aid - we can't afford any of it.. Gov't has gotten way too big!
one trillion a year foreign aid? please dont pull statistics out of thin air, or out of your colon...foreign aid is less than 2% of the u.s. budget
Fat and Lazy Americans!!!! Can not take care of themselves. Daddy Obummer said you could not do it on your own!!!! And they believe him!!! Why should I care about theses parasites????? Old and sick OK!!! But, Joe Bob get off your #$%$!!! National defense not people who have a dent from their #$%$es in their couch!!!!
probably less than 1% but i didnt want to state bs as fact
Many of those critical of foreign aid don't realize that it is much cheaper to buy friendship then to deal with enemy.
Jack: Government "entitlements" take the lion's share of spending. However, that is not the problem. The problem is that the US Government is spending at such a rate that even if everyone were taxed at 100% of their income, i.e. all earned money, it would NOT reduce our debt. Therefore ceasing the spending of billions of dollars in foreign aid, wars etc. won't do it.
Jack: food stamp usage is at an all-time high...and so is your brain!
As we know USA gives out over $70 billion dollars in foreign aid welfare. Egypt, Israel, and Afghanistan get over $3.5 milli? N a day, but knowing our government they probably send more than $70 billion because they can't account for where everything goes.
@Joe Guy, No, I am not afraid. China, as it seems, may be able to access to USD$trillions of dollars. But, these money is in the form of our Treasuries. As I commented earlier, each and every piece of our Treasuries (unlike our dollar bills) only needs 15 seconds to print. You can add as many zeros after each and every number on the treasuries any time at your pleasure. Unfortunately, China can only access them next time they need to stop by their restrooms. My understanding on international standard is that you will need at least 3 pieces of these Treasuries before you can comfortably exit your restroom. Nothing personal! I just mention my observation. Likewise, Japan, India, Russia (;-)) can also access to our Treasuries ANYTIME! No problems! Seriously, I as an ordinary person would like to work hard to pay back our debt. But, our debt is simply too big to pay back. This is why our Washington guys need to play evil so as to pay our pensions and to get our unemployed children back to their defense jobs. My conscience still prevails these days. I just want to say, "I am so sorry!"
LOL. What's funny is that the American pensions you speak of hold around 75% of these Treasuries, meaning typical hard working Americans will be the most comfortable when exiting restrooms in the future.
About time someone told this story...This was a reason for some of the problems faced by the rescue mission; countries were hesitant to act or release what they knew because it would expose a vulnerability or it would expose capabilities it didn't want other countries knowing it has.
This mission has done nothing of the like. The author is grasping at straws for how this article is relavent. It is quite obvious that the article wasn't just written, it just he headline that was added to gain a timeliness factor. Those that needed to know China's naval limitation already knew.
China doesn't have any plan to press or steer other countries' policies using it's naval power, that's why it is not pushing on naval bases in every region. The Chinese navy is being upgraded to deter the threat from outside, an attempt to isolate, blockage, or attack China. So the navy vessels are more focused in operating around China's waters. Another strategy for Chinese military is to build many long range missiles carrying nuclear weapons with multiple warhead (MIRV) with the capability of hitting any pin point around the world. This is very important as the enemy keeps threatening China with nuclear weapon if they couldn't win in conventional weapon war. China needs to make sure to this enemy that any nuclear strike will be retaliated NOT only to your military bases, but deep into your continental.
I guess I have to ask, who wants to blockade them? And why? I have no reason, as a thinking human being to want to block China from anything. China will be it's own undoing. There will be no need for outside intervention. The collapse is inevitable. Too big, too fast, too far. And loaning money to the US? What were they smoking?
Considering that there were 200+ people on board and the average fool watching the lame-stream news doesn't know what really happened to the plane. The Chinese want those folks on board cause they were carrying with them some pretty cool semiconductor technology that was poised to being patented. The Chinese wanted to get their hands on that stuff which is why they're so hard-pressed to find the plane (which they won't). Also know, the patent that the Chinese were seeking was registered a few days after the plane went missing is directly connected to this disaster and by an American company out of Texas. This is all about money/power and be damned about the innocent people on-board. Eventually, the plane will be found in the water, in a million pieces, and the folks behind this deception will claim it was there all the time and the people that were on-board are now fish food. We've been TAKEN.
Site credible sources (not FOX or Alex Jones) or I call BS.
The LAST thing this sorry old planet needs is some Idiot in Media stirring up paranoia by publishing headlines and stories like this. While it may be true, it does no-one any good at all. It is NOT helpful, and it is Not kind to the peoples of this war-weary world. Didn't Reuters learn a thing from all the wars of Britain? This is gross irresponsibility. What DO they teach children in school these days? Somebody needs to take an editor by the ear and deliver her to the curbside, or drop her out beside the trash bins with the reporter and copywriter. Shame on you, Reuters! You should know better than this! China's military delusions are bad enough. Though they are many, for God's sake, stay off the subject of North Korea's vulnerabilities. It has been said that a tu-rd smells worse when you stir it. The militaries of that part of the world are just bad news.
And did you think that Reuters had crossed a line here because the press in your country is a tool of the government, and expected to promote their goals and agenda?
Awareness & paranoia are different things.
It's their obligation to sell "news" true or false in order to meet share holders earnings expectations. During ww1 there were plenty of millionaires made from the sales of War "News Reporting",one of the guys was so deep in the moolah that he had a Castle build with Ocean view of the Pacific,paid for it with his pocket change.
I wouldn't bet on it! China does not have the Untied States Congress to tend with and 17+trillion and growing debt. We just gave 58 Billion Barrowed Dollars to the Ukraine and they still gave Joe back!! :)
To survive Obama and his five friends from G7 General Nicole wanted to publish Tweet release.But U.S. sheep not asked me. Americans and C.I.A. already sacrificed their President and the leaders of the G-7? whether Ukraine is just an excuse for the smooth functioning of "Einstein elevator"? Ukraine is Russian-owned and Alaska too! It is the only truth!
In order to sign an agreement for base the Chinese need to have people that like them or who are at least not afraid of them. That will mean changing their overly confrontational foreign policy
I hope China is reading this and re-evualte your plan & stragity. China would be better off to focus on improving your environmental issues water/air/waste pollution for long term needs and recycling. Save the $1T in building a fleet,.plus operating and maintaining costs for what?? Which you don't need,.times have changed really who is going to attack you with 1B of people and if they did what would that gain?? The amount of waste & costs it could not be done - really!! You should build a few relief ships searching vessels and join with the US in providing aid & relief,.. having numous friends & allais is far better and easier. Improving the ocean conditions & fishing grounds instead of over fishing & polluting would be more benifically to you and everyone. Another example is turning North Korea around and be more productive, what a waste their in suffering & human lifes and accomplishments,.. think how the rest of world would appericate and envy you for it. It would also open up more trade and respect. Mondernize your cities but while improving the environmental conditions smog, waste, trash, water quality, etc,.. I have a few other ideas for improving the economy, managing resources, developing new markets (wood fiber, medicines, plastics, rare metals, coal converting, bio-char and soil amending, increase food production and quailty).
wscadd what you say is commendable but does not make big money like war so it will never happen.
Well Mike if money all you sure you can go and eat that piece of paper.
Let China spend trillions on building war ships. Then their economy will become weaker like ours.
Read The Bible and learn about the antichrist 666 New World Order system coming soon! 52 of the 55 signers of America's Declaration of Independence were orthodox, deeply committed Christians. The other three all believed in the Bible as the divine truth, the God of Scripture, and His personal intervention. It is the same Congress that formed the American Bible Society. Immediately after creating the Declaration of Independence, the Continental Congress voted to purchase and import 20,000 copies of Scripture for the people of this nation. Patrick Henry, who is called the firebrand of the American Revolution, is still remembered for his words, "Give me liberty or give me death." But in current textbooks the context of these words is deleted. Here is what he actually said: "An appeal to arms and the God of hosts is all that is left us. But we shall not fight our battle alone. There is a just God that presides over the destinies of nations. The battle sir, is not to the strong alone. Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it almighty God. I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death." These sentences have been erased from our textbooks. Was Patrick Henry a Christian? The following year, 1776, he wrote this "It cannot be emphasized too strongly or too often that this great Nation was founded not by religionists, but by Christians; not on religions, but on the Gospel of Jesus Christ. For that reason alone, people of other faiths have been afforded freedom of worship here." Consider these words that Thomas Jefferson wrote on the front of his well-worn Bible: "I am a real Christian, that is to say, a disciple of the doctrines of Jesus. I have little doubt that our whole country will soon be rallied to the unity of our Creator." He was also the chairman of the American Bible Society, which he considered his highest and most important role. On July 4, 1821, President Adams said, "The highest glory of the American Revolution was this: it connected in one indissoluble bond the principles of civil government with the principles of Christianity." Calvin Coolidge, our 30th President of the United States reaffirmed this truth when he wrote, "The foundations of our society and our government rest so much on the teachings of the Bible that it would be difficult to support them if faith in these teachings would cease to be practically universal in our country." In 1782, the United States Congress voted this resolution: "The Congress of the United States recommends and approves the Holy Bible for use in all schools." William Holmes McGuffey is the author of the McGuffey Reader, which was used for over 100 years in our public schools with over 125 million copies sold until it was stopped in 1963. President Lincoln called him the "Schoolmaster of the Nation." Listen to these words of Mr. McGuffey: "The Christian religion is the religion of our country. From it are derived our notions on the character of God, on the great moral Governor of the universe. On its doctrines are founded the peculiarities of our free institutions. From no source has the author drawn more conspicuously than from the sacred Scriptures. For all these extracts from the Bible I make no apology." Of the first 108 universities founded in America, 106 were distinctly Christian, including the first, Harvard University, chartered in 1636. In the original Harvard Student Handbook, rule number 1 was that students seeking entrance must know Latin and Greek so that they could study the Scriptures: "Let every student be plainly instructed and earnestly pressed to consider well, the main end of his life and studies is, to know God and Jesus Christ, which is eternal life, John 17:3; and therefore to lay Jesus Christ as the only foundation for our children to follow the moral principles of the Ten Commandments. James Madison, the primary author of the Constitution of the United States, said this: '"We have staked the whole future of our new nation not upon the power of government; far from it. We have staked the future of all our political constitutions upon the capacity of each of ourselves to govern ourselves according to the moral principles of the Ten Commandments." Today, we are asking God to bless America. But, how can He bless a Nation that has departed so far from Him? Prior to September 11, 2001, He was not welcome in America. Most of what you read in this article has been erased from our textbooks. Revisionists have rewritten history to remove the truth about our country's Christian roots. Lord we ask not only will you open the eyes of the people in America! We pray for every country around the world would! You want to save the people who call upon you! Romans 10:13 For “whoever calls on the name of the Lord shall be saved.
Maybe you're right, maybe you're not. But you're supposed to write comments here, not books.
are you worshiping ALMIGHTY GOD THE LORD JESUS CHRIST or are you a worshiper of the democracy religion??? you cannot have two masters,,,so you best start praying for yourself,,,America is a lost cause,,,,
This is exactly why other nations are working on down grading the American currency (dollar) from being the international reserve and exchange currency,,,because historically the American government has used it's influence to destroy the economies and starve the people of nations who do not agree with American and or western politics,,,and no nation or group of nations should used their power to impoverish an entire nation and its people,,,there is nothing humanitarian about such conduct,,,, all of the recent American wars have been aimed at stopping this effort, of many nations to be able to do international business without purchasing American currency to do so,,,before America became the world bully, no nation had a problem with propping up the American economy by trading in American currency,,,but since America started murdering every opponent of the American dollar/leaders who wanted to trade more in their own nations currency (like the late Saddam Hussein of Iraq and the late General Gadhafi) many more nations have become more interested in taming this out of control (Bully/America). When America went into both Iraq and Libya the first thing the military did was seize all of the government's money presses,,,,destroyed them,,,and opened up western banks,,,and started the people to immediately trading in US currency,,,,this is not coincidence,,,,, Now President Putin along with China, France, India, Australia, New Zealand, North Korea, Iran, Syria and others are all committed to creating a new international trade currency,,,which will move the world away from the American currency (and the abuses and sanctions) of the unreasonable and heartless American bully,,,because what America did to Cuba is always on the minds of other world leaders,,,,now Putin is the next target in the American crosshairs,,,but Putin is nothing like the others,,,and Russia is a war prospect which will destroy the western economy,,,,and that will be bad for all of the west,,,,America included,,,,let Putin have Ukraine,,,it's not worth going to war over,,,,America needs to mind its own economy and borders,,,trying to gain control of Russian oil and Russian pipelines in the Ukraine, is a guaranteed recipe for ww3,,,,no doubt about it,,,,so who's ready for a nuclear holocaust??? Life on planet earth, will never be the same,,,
Those righteous leaders also massacred innocents don't forget that all fall short righteous or not!
Most of the most prominent founding fathers were not christian, but deists. They couldnt stand the christians. But hey, who needs facts. In any case, what people thought 200 years ago is hardly relevant today. You want to live in a religous state; move to Iran.
Well its nice to have a navy to protect ones self, but since they've been protecting themselves up to now, why do they really need one...lol.
I don't think the Chinese has any aspiration or capability to be a blue water naval superpower at this time. Their navy I believe is built to protect its naval sovereignity, rather than a global naval superpower like the USA. If that is the case, there is no need for foreign naval bases. We on the other hand has 900 military bases around the world and we are the naval superpower of the world. No doubt. As for army superiority, Russia will definitely not agree that we are the only army superpower. After what happens in Ukraine, the whole world is wondering what our army has become. A #$%$ Cat?
We weren't in Ukraine, and the Russian Army won without firing (too many) bullets by intimidating the numerically inferior Ukrainians
How can they turn this tragedy into a piece of propaganda?!!? Compete with what? They dont expand bases because they said they only mind their own business and they dont waste money gathering allies.
It will be interesting to see if China follows Japan's WW II lead and provides itself with bases for it's ships by the use of force. Any student of history can easily see the parallels between what Japan did prior to WW II and what China is doing today. Of course there isn't a mirror image, technology has changed as has the world and the US today has a stronger presence in the Pacific than it did prior to WW II, however a study of the similarities is an interesting undertaking.
Agree, they will take the ports they need, most likely Philippines.
Remember the Philippine-American War from 1899 to 1902?
The political situation has changed and the relative strengths of Japan to its neighbors was greater then than China to its neighbors today. Japan had an inherently offensive military (force projecting) structure and posture. China, for the near future at least, has an inherently defensive structure and posture. 30 years from now, I don't know.
YCPlum is over looking China's claim of a reef within Philippines 200 miles international boundary. You call that "defensive", YCPlum????
YCPlum, Aircraft Carriers are primarily an offensive weapon, not defensive. They are designed to project power far from home. China has just put one "super carrier into service and although it is no match for modern US carriers, it is a start. They have plans for several additional carriers and the current rebuilt ex-Russian carrier is a research and testing platform as much as it is a weapons system.
TED, the Russians have had a Crimean naval base just about forever. By taking over the Crimea, they do eliminate the need to concern themselves about the lease on that base but had they been clever, that would not have been an issue given their ability to buy the Ukraine if they needed to.
@YCPlum: The Chinese have always had a defensive posture, they are not a very warlike aggressive people. In Japan, there have been groups that have the Nazi mindset, but not so much in China. The North Koreans are like mad pitbulls, full of distrust and aggression. The Chinese just want to be left alone to get wealthy and farm, and gamble. China was invaded by the Mongols, French, English, Koreans, and Japanese, but never did any invading. They also took control of their birthrate, which is admirable. To bad they only produce junk goods, but that could change too, look at the change in Japanese products over the years. When I was a kid, Japanese goods where considered cheap junk, now they are at the high end in quality. China could do that too - if they want the economic growth in sales to continue, they may have to.
China is a slow and wise culture. It is surrounded by aggressive neighbours. It takes a gradual and meaningful approach to it`s development, and solves problems in a strategic planned way. This is why the one child policy worked, though that may have produced a generation of single child princes and princesses. The next thing they will attack is environmental pollution, and quality in manufacturing. Their gradual approach will see through reform without bankrupting the economy. 5 year plans and 10 year plans show a nation of wise development, in the US, an administration is blocked and attacked and cannot get anything done because of partisan wrangling. The Chinese, as communists, where never the left wing idealist utopians the Russians where, they are more pragmatic communists, communism was just another tool for the Chinese to develop and advance their culture. They are moving into a more intreprenureal phase now, because it is in their bones, they are also an ambitious people.
In another story, Generalissimo Francisco Franco of Spain is reported to be ...still dead. His valiant struggle to remain dead should be an inspiration to us all.
Watch out! There's a killer Tannenbaum right behind you.
Who does China think they are kidding? Their Gaunchau carrier is no small wonder by any means. At 1170 meters length and 116 meters wide it displaces a lot of water. It darn sure won't fit in my bath tub. It's two gun towers can protect a full 360 degree perimeter of the ship without deviating it's course. It has 4 horizontal planes 2 on each side that stabilize the flight deck in a level position while in rough seas to eliminate the roll and pitch angle. Although the rise and fall the pilot in landing will have to compensate for himself. Unlike their revamped carrier from Ukraine the flight deck is totally flat, no swooped up departure end. I don't believe it has nuclear propulsion though just regular engines like the cargo vessels.
Is this a comment or a lecture?
Where did you get your dimensions from.That is mighty long and wide.You need to site some evidence of the size of the carrier.Your comment carries no weight without proof.
If either Ger Bear, fairly pathetic. They are kidding no one Bill, they need not kid, their miltary has 150 MILLION members and they could send them into battle with a 99% mortality rate and if one in 10 killed an American we'd have no military left to speak of. Sorry your lack of focus on reality is so glaring to the rest of us
Bill Q - That carrier is diesel fueled. You actually think the Russia would sell a nuclear ship or the U.S. and the rest of the world would allow such a sale.?
Jesse, there are sales going on all the time that we know nothing of, and they know nothing of. Bill, I like your descriptions -- I can see the picture of it. Sounds like you've got some experience with such things.
I don't know for sure whether China is a nuclear super power or even has nuclear weapons. But Russia does have and Russia and China are military partners. Russia committed to military cooperation with China soon after the USA joined military forces with the communist North Vietnamese, Viet Cong.
The article is pointing out that China is not a naval power and may never be one. It won't be able to project it's power much past the South China Sea. Historically their boats were called "Junks" for a reason.
China started with nothing 15 years ago and is slowly building what will prove to be a sustainable surface vessel navy, complete with ports of call. All of this takes time, something the Chinese have in abundance. The Chinese have been around for thousands of years, they will get there in their own time.
Don,t worry , Corporate America will build the big navy for them, We just need to keep buying all that red Chinese junk. Corporate America needs more tax loop holes so they can invest more in Red China.
Watch out for China they're going beyond the limit toward his neighbor countries especially Philippines, Brunei, Vietnam & Taiwan with respect to Spratley's. They're becoming Economically powerful but looks like becoming bully towards his neighbor countries. Compared to your neighbor countries no doubt you are really powerful but this belittled countries you treated them has an allied whom they were highly respected and treated as even younger brothers. No offend to Chinese I respect you it is just those people in your country who is in power.
It won't be long and those dumazz idiots in our government(both parties) will give them everything they need to be up and running and give us a run for our money when the time comes. So it costs a few american soldiers lives, theres more of those where they came from! just ask ole hillary. "so what difference does it make now?"
2050 is the projection "Friends of Chna" (a term traditionally used for offshore Chinese) are 'increasing at enormous rates''. amidst a policy that aims at relieving china of it's almost 2 billion people, massive population outflow (some would say dumping) has already commenced. significant parts of what was formerly known as Oceania will be populated by Chinese. Australia is right in the firing line and with recent decisions by Canada to downsize the chinese inflow a large percentage of this group, plus the daily millions more are headed straight to australia. as two other cultures and ideologies (india and islam) expand it is inevitable that australia will become the new europe and simply be carved up. china will have vast tracts of new land that will house all the ports it needs both on the pacific and the indian ocean. china has already 'bought' huge tracts of land in australia for china only commerce and with a rapidly growing chinese population in australia, the 'friends of china' will soon sway election outcomes and even 'self determination' (meaning an australia with chinese characteristics..ergo a breakaway state).
That is preposterous. Have you met Chinese Americans/Australians/Canadians? I don't what happens when they emigrate to countries outside the Anglosphere, but when they get here, they become Americans, Australians and Canadians. Hardly like candidates to be fifth columnists for country they have nothing to do with.
Yeah Go Navy, you're right, the Chinese are not Mexicans. Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, The Philippines, Malaysia, Indonesia and India, Australia, New Zealand just for starters, will all fight against Chinese rule.
LMAO! Ok dude stop smoking that Chinese Opium! No country on Earth will allow that kind of invasion, especially an economc one!
Sorry, how did a search for a missing plane and it's passengers turn to War? Get a life, you hate mongers.
To survive Obama and his five friends from G7 General Nicole wanted to publish Tweet release.But U.S. sheep not asked me. Americans and C.I.A. already sacrificed their President and the leaders of the G-7? whether Ukraine is just an excuse for the smooth functioning of "Einstein elevator"? Ukraine is Russian-owned and Alaska too! It is the only truth!
To survive Obama and his five friends from G7 General Nicole wanted to publish Tweet release.But U.S. sheep not asked me. Americans and C.I.A. already sacrificed their President and the leaders of the G-7? whether Ukraine is just an excuse for the smooth functioning of "Einstein elevator"? Ukraine is Russian-owned and Alaska too! It is the only truth!
China? Friend or Foe? Sure we owe them tons of money. Sure we do business with them. Sure OUR leaders & alot of us are concerned about how they are getting stronger, but, I think back to WWII when China helped rescue the "Dolittle Raiders", provided them with protection, medical care, and escape back to the USA. I wonder what this relationship would have been if both countries continued to improve during this period?
communism dictatorship. If the republic of china was not driven out of mainland china, whole eastern Asia would be in one color.
The Chinese are building entire cities across Sub Saharan Africa, and yet this analysis states they have no ports to call on in times of trouble. Maybe not close to home where the threat of America is close at hand. But certainly close to where the Chinese will be taking their resources from in the ensuing decades.
They only have to go to Long Beach Naval Base which they now own.Some #$@& gave it to them, I happen to stumble on it on YouTube.
Oh good grief, and you believe EVERYTHING you see on YouTube? That's worse than believing everything on FOX news. Do you also believe Russia will annex Alaska next?
Taking third world resources, and spreading China's contempt for democracy and China will be busy fouling the developing nations with corruption, in alliance with American corporations. American corporations will oblige China shamelessly until the Crony Capitalist Kleptomaniacs of China have everything that the US once had. American corporations are a natural ally for China today - tons of pollution, endless supply of oppressed cowed workers... this is the wet dream of America's ruling 1%. If the richest echelon of Americans cannot destroy the environmental laws, the labor laws, and legal restraints they hate here in America, then they can just go abroad and be "Chinese". The very rich will likely end up making all of America look like China.... with Republicans' help.
As an African living in china I have faced countless harassment from their police like most Africans. We will resist any form of attempt to allow this pathetic people access to any of our ports in Africa even if any of our government in any part of Africa permits it. The execution of Africans and selling their kidneys , harassment of Africans in guangzhou in the pretense of fighting drug dealers, the constant stop and present your passport targeting ONLY Africans has all been proved . I see them as a threat in disguise to Africa nothing can that!
It seems to start with profiling, we don't like it as people, but we still seem to need our phones they create to learn about everything we do, as we can't live without the technology but they have managed to lace our computers and phones for spying on our communications and business practices so they can see clearly what everyone is doing? SCARY WORLD we live in.
@Mr Smith, good luck with that, dude.. I've lived in and spent much time in several Asian countries (mostly China) and I can attest to what ur saying.. some Chinese are some of the most racist people around, yet they cry foul when others discriminate against them or their own.. total hypocrisy.. anyway on the topic at hand: let's see why Chinese military is vulnerable... too many are corrupt in the Chinese military and political hierarchy, they worry more about their pockets being lined with HONG BAO (red envelopes filled with money) than with the task at hand.. they alienate neighboring countries with their ''9 dash line'' and with their 'establishment' of garrisons on reef and other unoccupied islands, and they have yet to gain the trust of anyone in the world community, both on a personal level and international level, and so people don't and won't like dealing with them.. if any smaller country allows Chinese ports of call, they will always worry about Chinese influence absorbing that port, territory, maybe even down the road swallowing whole countries or peoples (if anyone is familair with Mongolian-Chinese relations, this is happening right now).. anyway, don't kill the messenger, this insight came to me years ago from Chinese government officials that I knew and befriended..
Mr. Smith, your governments have already sold out to the Chinese. And as to your being harassed throughout China, they arrest the blacks in Shanghai and consistently find drugs on them. They are not blind to who is dealing, and since you are not among their chosen dealers, you will be singled out when they catch you. Easiest way out: Quit dealing drugs in China.
Well, China has fewer enemies than US. They are not the busy body of the world. Do they really need to have huge navy operations like US?
They are universally hated and feared by their neighbors and are regional busy-bodies and troublemakers. They are expanding their mercantilist economy into Africa. If you think Chinese leaders are benign isolationists, you are naïve.
Are you talking about US foreign policy? The things you said about China have been done by US long ago. If you think American are popular around the world, you are naïve.
China is one of the few empires to re emerge and is leap frogging other developed powers We were warned of the yellow peril after Korea.
Yes - but if we went to war against China we wouldn't be able to manufacture much of nothing. It looks like all these imported Chinese goods should be a national security interest.
the greatest threat to national security.. is .. and always has been the threat to our economy.. without that.. we cant make bullets bombs or weapon systems.. We can't afford troops.. Once our economy collapses.. its over for defense/offense dept too. The ones who fleeced the nation tho.. will just hop over to another country.. where they probably already have much of their wealth stashed.. true golden parachutes...
"If there was real tension and the risk of conflict between China and a U.S. ally in East Asia, then it is hard to imagine Chinese warships being allowed to enter Australian ports for re-supply," said one Beijing-based analyst who watches China's naval build-up. Why would Chinese go all the way down to Australia for re-supply?????
A "Military Vulnerability?"...It was "revealed" right here on Yahoo! Do you feel special now? The two guys that co-authored this article must be "experts" or just wrote it down (one drunken night) at a bar on a napkin and found it next to a pile of puke in the morning. It's scary, for a number of reasons. Thanks for collaborating and regurgitating guys! I sincerely don't mean that!
Thank you. That was my intention.
What may happen in the future with China once people around the world start depending on there current consumption needs is as follows: China my demand the use of ports for goods! So keep outsourcing to China so they can gain leverage on you later!
To survive Obama and his five friends from G7 General Nicole wanted to publish Tweet release.But U.S. sheep not asked me. Americans and C.I.A. already sacrificed their President and the leaders of the G-7? whether Ukraine is just an excuse for the smooth functioning of "Einstein elevator"? Ukraine is Russian-owned and Alaska too! It is the only truth!
wrekins news flash ! the usa is no longer a democracy, not since reagan sold us out to the communist chinese and big business! We are a oligarchy or a plutocracy !
America was never a Democracy...... We are a Constitutional Republic....
Any Navy that is actively participating in humanitarian activities should find a friendly port anywhere.
Unless your country is China, which has over one thousand instances of assigning hacking teams to steal our entire F-35 program, nuclear secrets, and billions in corporate intellectual property. China is historically the greatest thief, ever. And especially impressive that more people like you (no offense) have no clue
Johnny, Johnny, Johnny...... I said they SHOULD find a friendly port, not that every port WAS friendly. I know better than most about china and the former soviet union stealing secrets. I spent nearly 20 years in the defense industry doing the cutting edge research and development. Often with the military on site! I've had secret clearance and been trained what to look for to fight spies. So I am offended. Offended by someone who makes a comment and clearly has no clue. I'm not impressed by you but you are welcome for doing my part in my small way to protect our shores and the interests of this wonderful country.
Yeah...I have a TS and work on a cyber hunt team. Glad to see you're making this about you.
The military vulnerability of China is not what will secure America's interest while we continue to globally DIVERSIFY economic interest. We are closing US factories down and shifting production to China. China remains America’s largest overseas debt holder and it may continue buying U.S. securities. China alone holds over $1.2 trillion of our debt. No China will not have to defeat us militarily. They will own us financially. Our allies realize the global financial implications should a conflict with China occur. We will be forced to put our tail between our legs and hide under the porch.
LOL - or the US will simply declare all debt to China - null and void. The best thing that could happen to the US economy is a limited war with China. One that would result in an embargo of all trade with China. With China trying to bully all those countries around the China sea - that excuse might soon come.
And we hold an equal amount of their debt so what is your point?
Don't worry Jesse, we bully more another country than China. Difficult to see reality, but so true!
@Jean-Pierre Responding to an attack (where 3,000 were killed) is not bullying. Protecting US citizens in foreign countries isn't either. In fact the US was very generous to Gemany, Italy and Japan at the end of WWII. Russia still has not given back islands they took from Japan - the US has done so. No country (the US included) bullied China - they are responding to China's bully tactics in the South China Sea.
One of the very reasons why the U.S. and the Philippines will forever be joined at the hip. You either have to fly or swim to get to it. If you are coming in with military ambitions, you better be Christian and able to communicate in English. There's also 7,108 islands to cover.
What about during the Philippine-American War? Were you guys such good buddies then?
Steven: What Philippine-American war are you talking about? The Spanish-American War perhaps? Or the WWII American effort to expel the Japanese? What comic book history or conspiracy theory revisionist history are you following or what are you smoking?
There's only one Philippine-American War, #$%$ The sooner you Google it, the sooner you can start feeling stupid.
Steven, that wasn't a war. It's a skirmish. They became kissing cousins before anyone can even remember.
China's military is flexing its muscle in the region but I doubt they will have friendly nations that will allow them for supply and logistics. The chinese has no friends because they are greedy and a bully and nobody trust the chinese.
true. but when war comes, friends can be enemeis too. Money talks.
Russia has the same problem -- no ability to project conventional force beyond its own small sphere of influence.
They both (China and Russia ) can build bases in Pakistani port of Karachi...and it wouldn't be too costly.
Unfortunately within their own small sphere of influence (walking distance) they are fairly formidable still.
Hank thanks be to God Russia has this problem.
Not all nations aspire to global domination.
"Analyst's" and "journalist" are so keen on an America vs China war, it really disgusts me. They are our greatest trading partner atm, and even though we enjoy completely different cultures, I'd hope that we remain friends and build a stronger friendship over time. These article I read make it sound like WW3 will eventually happen between our nation and China, which is insulting, although I do understand we have tensions. Why can't we talk about our commonalities instead of our hatred for our differences?
Because we are in competition with them - friendly or not and that drives everything.
with friends like china who needs enemies?
They cannot change the geography of the islands which is why the aggressive stance of China against the smaller countries in the South China Seas like Vietnam, Philippines, Taiwan will not end well! If a conflict happens which is likely, those countries will definitely be hostile towards the Chinese and the last thing they would do is help the Chinese navy! And if those countries wise up and buy some anti-ship missiles, China's naval supremacy against those very countries would be neutralized! The same way the Chinese are developing its anti-ship missiles to threaten US aircraft carriers! If everyone does it, any advantage they had would be gone fast!
The advantage these countries have over China is in the air.The Chinese know they can not cross the straits to invade Taiwan.Taiwans Air force would take their invading navy apart.They hate the fact that South Korea,Taiwan,Japan and the Phillipines are in with the United States.We have their Navy blocked in.They know if they invade these countries they will lose.
If we keep reducing the size of our Navy it will not matter. Peace through strength, speak softly and carry a big stick. Those policies worked, cheap talk with no ships to back it up will cost us in the end. But these billion dollar ships have got to end.
China's worst enemy is Chinese stupidity. How many time have the peasants claimed to have spotted debris yet all they have ever spotted is trash that probably had it's origin in China. China boy better be real careful screwing around with the US Navy. China boy gonna get hurt...really bad. I think china boy better be real careful because the American military is excellent at killing. Yellow targets are our favorite. Sleep well china , you just may not wake up....if you are lucky.
@ porkisgood. Racist pig. Your ID is perfect for you. America does not need your hate. This is not about color of skin. I'm ashamed that pigs like you live in this great country. The only "boy" here is you. Grow up.
if china keeps on antagonizing its neighbors, they might as well treat the whole south china sea as hostile waters. no army and navy can operate for long on extended supply lines, napoleon and hitler learned that lesson in russia and that is a land campaign, the problem is compounded on china's side because they're trying to hold-on to water.
I am not sure China wants to antagonize its neighbors, except that we try very hard to paint that picture to isolate China to prevent them to overtake us. We wont allow any other nation to be as powerful as we are.
Sure, but sometimes, if you have #$%$ neighbors who play loud music and take your parking spot all the time, you just have to go over to their house a b*tchslap them. Supply lines be damned.
@Steven, ever heard of the phrase by napoleon "an army marches on its belly..." same holds true in the seas and it's more complicated in this case... as for your analogy using parking lots, it's china who's occupying someone's parking lot and it's only a matter of time before someone tries your recommended b*tchslapping.
You want a piece of China? Chinas sez "Come get some."
1000 yrs ago China had the biggest and best navy in the world. They are way behind at this point, but we can't underestimate them. They have plenty of slave labor to row an aircraft carrier to California if necessary.
The Chinese Navy is currently no match for the US Navy and they know it. Their strategic aim is regional dominance not global reach similar to the US Navy. They are deluded, however, if they think that they can achieve it just because the US is occupied elsewhere. Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan don't intend to go gently into that good night. They don't even have to match China's power because they will serve primarily has delaying forces for the arrival of the cavalry--the US Navy and American airpower.
David, go travel and you will see your comments are interesting. China has is dilemma that for sure, but US has more than you think in Asia. Too many base in Asia are really not welcome. It's not like Hollywood movie and Rambo is just a fiction story!
and pollute the air, pollute the water, drown when overboard and annoy the crabs...
The biggest problem of a lot of anti Chinese comments is based on the WWII paradigm when war was fought with planes and ships, In WWIII the paradigm had changed. It will be missiles that will rule. While the USA's military industrial complex had con you guys off your tax dollars financing their expensive planes and ships, China and Russia had been quietly building up and improving their nuclear missiles They are a lot cheaper to build and maintain. And they don't need expensive foreign bases. When the Russia's defense minister told Obama off that Russia can reduce USA to nuclear ashes, he is not threatening but stating a fact. That is why Obama, despite of all the sable rattling, dare not do anything about Crimea's annexation.
Uh, the U S also has an extremely large nuclear arsenal. Anyone thinking they can defeat the U S using nukes is very stupid indeed. Unless, of course, they have a missile defense system capable of shooting down all our nukes. The U S is totally capable of reducing Russia AND China to a pile of ashes as well. Russia and China know this. we have what is called a triad. Land bases missiles, air launched bombs and cruise missiles as well as submarine launched nuclear missiles. Israel, France and England also have nukes and possibly would launch their as well if the U S were attacked with nukes. Good luck shooting down all the missiles that would be heading toward Russia or China should either one decide to try it.
Jean Pierre, yes we have heard some protests in Okinawa as well as a few in South Korea. But, should China or North Korea start anything with either of those countries, you can bet your bottom dollar that those people will be glad they have U S bases to defend them. As we see in eastern Europe, who is it that almost everyone asks for help? That's right, the U S. Notice that Poland, Latvia, Lithuania are all asking for NATO (and specifically U S) military forces to defend them. Poland has even asked for a permanent U S military base to be located there. Not NATO, mind you, a U S military base. Also notice that the Philippines want U S military back in the Philippines now that China is being more aggressive. Hmmm, go figure.
Good point Bubba, but can we keep them if we are broke? Do you think if China and Russia decide to be bad we can stop all this guys in the same time? Let be realistic and something tell me someday they will turn against us anyway. It's like to see a couple fighting, you come to help and suddenly both jump on you, lol.
The Chinese don't need to face the US forces head-on. They are doing a fine job at producing area denial systems and their goal would simply be to send a point that any invading enemy or country would suffer equally as do they.
Meh, you're actually implying China has already achieved regional dominance in that you think countries in that region require American help against China. After all, America isn't located anywhere close to that region. If you want to turn this into a U.S. vs China thing, you have nukes, they have nukes. Nukes are kinda like fighting in a small room with grenades. Just because you have more grenades than the other guy doesn't really mean you have an advantage, cuz both of you are gonna die.
Jean-Pierre: I don't believe you have a grasp of the facts. The US has a fleet permanently based in Asia. We have refueling ports sufficient throughout the region to met our war fighting needs. China does not even have sufficient refueling assets for its peacetime needs. In addition, the US has a fuel tanker fleet that can replenish its ships while underway--no port needed. It also has nuclear powered vessels that don't require refueling for many years and its new class of destroyers can make their own fuel from seawater. In comparison, the Chinese Navy has little to no experience with the logistics of refueling and replenishing its naval vessels at sea far from home shores. In addition, China is now the largest importer of oil. It does not produce enough oil for its own consumption. This makes it vulnerable on several fronts. Just as the US Navy strangled Japan during WWII by attacking its oil tankers with submarine warfare so it would do to China in a modern war. China gets most of its imported oil from the Middle East. Something that the US can easily disrupt and China cannot defend against. The US by comparison has achieved virtual energy independence. These basic facts would put China at a serious disadvantage in any standup fight. Much is said about the threat of Chinese missiles. This threat is overblown. First the US has developed a fleet of naval ships equipped with Standard-3 missiles and associated radar that can shoot down these missiles. They can protect the fleet from any Chinese missile threat. ABM technology has changed drastically as proven by the Israeli Iron Dome system, which the US helped develop. As far as being vulnerable to Chinese nuclear attack, yes, the US is vulnerable--but that is by choice. The US has the technology to field an ABM defense system to defend against such an attack, but due to treaty concerns and costs has not done so in sufficient numbers. Should it really feel threatened in that area, such a system could be built and fully operational in two to three years. China would achieve nothing by waving their nuclear sword...and that is why they don't do it. The US has aircraft that can strike China from anywhere in the world--the B-2. China has no comparable aircraft. In addition, the US has the super secret X-37. China has no comparable space platform. The US is developing hypersonic aircraft that can get men and weapons anywhere in the world in two hours. It is developing hypersonic missiles. The list could go on and on. The United States military industrial complex is not something to be taken lightly and China and Chinese supporters do so at their own risk.
David think about Vietnam, Korea and tell me what happen there? Do you grasp yourself the facts too. It turn very bad for us. Any desires to repeat history? Never underestimate people and any countries, weak or strong. Ideology cannot be defeated and that is a fact.
This article was somewhat interesting. Although this article focused mainly on China's navy, I couldn't help but see the underlying story about the U.S. Navy. I love how the article spoke about the U.S. Navy having been at buliding relationships for 100 years with nations around the world, that allow the U.S. ports of call, especially during times of tension. What the article failed to mention, in those 100 years, the U.S. launched wars against the same countries we make ports of calls. Also, the carrot dangled before those countries to allow the U.S. access during points of tension. Or, how we turn a blind eye to nations like Bahrain, whose monarch government, doesn't allow for demonstrations, which we support in other nations and turn a blind eye to Bahrain, after we shiopped tear gas canisters to that government in 2013, because Bahrain is home to the U.S. 5th Fleet. Or, Saudi Arabia where women can't drive or vote.
The countries that have "human rights violations" are the ones that don't allow us to open a military base on their territory
Or simply said, the US just turns a blind eye to "human rights violations" if they let us open a military base on their territory.
The US only launched war against one country;Japan, and was only doing so because Japan declared war on the US. Get your facts strait before looking like a baffoon… All the rest of the countries surrounding that entire region were infiltrated by japan prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor. Those countries are free because we,THAT IS THE USA fought and died by the tens of thousands to liberate those countries from occupied Japan. That is why we have so many ties with those nations. As for the rest of you idiots who have nothing better to do than bash the very nation that gives you the freedom too bash, please feel free to move to the countries you feel are in violation of human rights so you can take a stand against the violators… Till then, shut the hell up!!!
@DJ: Watch who you call we, fella; You ain't part of US.
The smart policy would be to create as many treaties as possible with us, Chinese and our Pacific Rim allies for mutual ship access. Let's all sailors drink together, it decreases the chance of stupid war.
Another possibility: China is not so willing to invade or occupy other country's soil as some so-called experts thought.Their top priority is to defend their territory, keeping vigilant guard over bombers flying around their boundaries. Why should China need these logistical ports on other countries soil? I can not see, only in case of being driven by a strong will of controlling the others or the world.
The main reason they will need these ports is because if they ever get into a large scale war they will be defaulted to a defensive posture which is not good in war to be forced to take a certain action. The key to any victory is options which china currently lacks. If anyone wanted to weaken china all they would have to do is lure their fleet away from their main land and pick them off. On the flip side they could remain near their lands and have a small area of defense that could be easily prodded and poked until it eventually broke. Bottom line is, China is weak globally but strong close to home which it will be forced to remain until it establishes tactical positions to allow freedom of movement.
think about the population they have maybe the soil of China is already getting smaller that's why they need to to occupy others.
What is curious is how this suddenly becomes a 'story'. Someone maybe rubbing it in the face of this newly aspiring colonizer?
How about the more fatal flaw in the whole ordeal: They can't find their #$%$ from a hole in the ground! I mean seriously, how many weeks are they going to look for this plane? Black boxes aren't standard on international flights (that are highjacked and said to have crashed) I guess.
Nah, the irony is that the US is involved in the search as well and can't find the plane either...and the US has plenty of #$%$ng bases in the area. So yeah, having bases doesn't seem to help.
These idiots are assuming China doesn't know about where the plane is.
China is not ready or even close to being ready to compete with the US navy. That's not what it is trying to do either. Anyone looking at a map and understanding China's dependence on foreign oil can see very clearly that the Gap between Singapore and Indonesia is a critical location, as nearly all trade from China goes through that straight. Otherwise they would have to travel South below Indonesia costing a huge increase in fuel costs and time. What makes sense for China is to get a base in Indonesia to keep shipping lanes open. Even so, if there were a war between the US and China, the US would close off the straight right away!
"Beijing's desire for a fully operational blue-water navy by 2050" LOL And people keep insisting China will soon challenge our naval might... Bragging that they aircraft carriers now, in reality they have ONE small carrier (Its an amphibious assault carrier, not a CV, ) that Russia was planning on sending to scrapyard before China proposed its offer. Mind you that single carrier is at least one year (more like two) from commission, (Just stared sea trials) and the two carriers they are building are copy's of the carrier Russia sold them. Meanwhile they never operated a carrier in their life, let alone landed an aircraft on one... Yep they will be challenging the 6th fleet in no time! LOL Also let us just disregard the fact we have 10 super carriers, (There are only 11 in the world, Russia owns 1) plus amphibious assault carriers. 21 carriers in total, plus 3 being built, and at least one more on order, all four are new super carriers (CVN-78) meant to replace an number of older ones. (Congress requires us to keep 10 operational CVs) The Chinese carrier does not even have a catapult for fracks sake, it just uses a ramp for takeoff, as i said, that carrier was heading to the scrap yard. (Well heading is such a loose term, its been "heading" to the scrap yard for over a decade, just no one decided to haul it there yet) Although apparently the two carriers they are building will have a Chinese designed catapult system, so that is a plus.
7th fleet in the Pacific... the 6th is on the Atlantic side .
If Russia owns a super carrier they'll be surprised. Their carrier is a sister ship to the Chinese "carrier". This class is not even an aircraft carrier but is actually listed as a heavy aircraft carrying cruiser. The air is specialized for air defense fighters and anti-submarine helicopters. It has a very heavy missile armament for anti-ship combat and heavy anti-air missiles defenses. The Chinese have an extreme long ways to go to build a real aircraft carrier along the lines of the U.S., French or British ships.
A couple of other errors besides the ones already pointed out Michael. The carrier was part of the Ukrainian Navy, not Russian. Ukraine and Russia agreed to divide the Black Sea fleet in 1992 but the negotiations went on until 1997 because Russia wanted the best and newest. Ukraine had no need for a carrier in the Black or Mediterranean seas so they sold it to China. Actually, you'd have to call Russia's big carrier a semi-super carrier, not really close to the US new class. Did you not hear that Obama has put one of ours in indefinite dock in Norfolk? So there are now only nine officially operational and Obama has threatened to cut that to eight and cancel the last one to be built. Bragging about carriers isn't to pont anyway. We have a worldwide strategic offensive projected force Navy and policy. Russia and now China have no interest is one. They are seeking a denial of our force being projected into their back yards.
If you think the next war is going to be fought by tanks and bombs then you haven't been paying attention. The American government has biogenetic weapons that could wipe out China in a day .
In order to compete with the US for call ports, China must have something special to offer the US allies: not only money, but also such ideals as freedom, democracy, human rights, free economic development...and if China could offer these, then the conflict between China and the US and the world would disappear, which would render the need for port calls competition needless! What a paradox! The simplest way for China to rise peacefully and happily for all, is to transform completely into a free, democratic society, becoming a true friend of all countries in the region and the world, by freeing Tibet, Xinjiang (Uyghur)...and letting Taiwan be as it wants to as well as returning the islands and areas of neibouring countries like Vietnam that China has occupied. Doing so China would still be big enough and not lose her face or anything but gain a lot in return: the international community's true friendship and trust, investment, internal stability, happiness and development as a result of China reliving its true Confucian values in integration with modern values. If so, I myself would move my house to China to enjoy life with these 1.4 billion (2014) people!
In Argo, didn't you see the first five minutes where they mentioned the US overthrew the DEMOCRATIC nation of Iran and placed a dictator who was more friendly to US oil interests into power? I guess ideals such as freedom, democracy , human rights and economic development is all good...just not as good as OIL.
Steven: If there are really neither good nor bad guys in this world, then how is the world moving? Nowhere? Only chaos and war and the rules of the most powerful? I would like to think like you, but how horrible that thought is!
Eaglekiss- you are correct but unfortunately, no one will allow that thinking. Why? Greed. Look at the vacuum we create leaving Afghanistan. Guess who had their foot in the door? China. They want resources. They offer to build roads (likely as good as the drywall and dogfood they poisoned us with) and schools for them but they are not an ally-they are strictly business. In the evening, they go home. Meanwhile, the US is the humanitarian. But we over do it: we are hypocrites...throw money at other's problems rather than fix our own.
So, you are saying if China surrenders to US, there will be no need for China to have a Navy.
@Eaglekiss "Better by far to embrace the hard truth, than a reassuring fable." - Carl Sagan
Steven, right on...The hard truth is Eaglekiss's immigration to China probably bound to be denied for his reassuring fable above, for the time being...lol :))
Last time I drove a United States Navy ship (USS INCHON) through the Panama canal (2000 and 2001), it was the Chinese who were in the process of taking over the jobs of the laborers. According to the Pilot, it would only be a matter of time before he turned his job over to the Chinese. He believed the Chinese would be in the upper skills level and management roles sooner than anyone expected with the government being able to buy out the Panamanians for the rights of ownership. They will be able to coerce some countries and be able to buy out others.
The Panama Canal was property of USA until James I'm a *uckup Carter gave it back.. Another nice move by a Democrat.
Bechtel was actually the low bid for the ongoing maintance of both sides of the canal. The Chinese walked in with tons of tea money and bought off the Panamian legislatures.
If the Chinese democratize in the future, then that's when they will really bloom. And I mean a real democracy, not a sham like Russia. That's when they will truly compete with the USA. Otherwise, as much as the USA has its own abuses, our open system will always make other countries more comfortable dealing with us than with a communist dictatorship. Same goes in a worse way for Russia. Their actions in Ukraine doom them to total isolation for a long time to come. Never mind government interactions. Who is going to think about doing serious business in Russia when it's just perceived as a thug gangster sham democracy? Russia and China may trade between each other but that won't nearly be the same as what the West has with its more open system. There's a reason democracy spread and communism didn't. Democracy is inherently more inviting, even with all of its faults. Who wants to trade democracy for a communist dictatorship? Anyone?
A blooming democracy is a group of people who don't work letting the government do everything for them, and then they collect their welfare check. Democracies throughout human histories have been very inept and fail quickly. USA started with a Republic and a very unique form of government, that has been modeled unsuccessfully by many countries. USA's Republic is a thing of the past. Democracy is a buzz word for communism. Both lead to ineptitude and failure. With a sheeple populace the best form of government is a monarchy or a dictatorship (and hope your dictator is clever). China will not democratize unless their leaders wish to destroy their country on purpose.
And you really believe U.S. is a real democracy? OMG, just look at the Koch Bros. and the Adelson Jewish control of the Parliament (Congress).
Russia and china are NOT communist. (communist means no rich, no poor, all equal). Both are, instead, totalitarian republican countries. Democracy aka democratic, aka democrat, means majority rule. Totalitarian will NEVER allow majority to rule. We, the usa have been slowly turning into russia and china. Wages at a all time low for middle/poor classes (has been declining since the 80's).
Democracy requires an educated public to avoid being manipulated and controlled. A public that is involved and politically disciplined to vote in the right way at the right time. The masses of China will not have the critical thinking due to their hierarchical culture (respect your fathers and people of seniority. Unquestioning and unwavering) and education system. Ex. Many Chinese acknowledge the use of IV drip for everything from slight headaches to strep throat for everyone from infants (IV in the head, the veins in the arm are too small) to elderly is generally 'bad' but yet they still willingly subject themselves to it, sometimes even insisting on the newest most expensive IV placebo. At this point in time, they need the authoritarian to keep the animals in the cages, and keep them from ripping each other apart. Ex. rioting football fans, patient families turn murders (yes, plural, the whole family gets in on the stabbing spree) nationalist online lynch mobs and human flesh searches. Make no mistake, while a slim minority of Chinese is educated and involved enough, the other 99% don't want democracy, they want REVENGE. Loss of face to be paid in blood. The culture doesn't promote qualities such as compassion, forgive and forget, be the better man and let it slide. Nope, no way. Prepare for the Chinese sword, they are sharpening. It is coming in the form of unruly tourist grannies at the malls, Chinese intelligence agents spying on students in universities to monitor non party line discussion, and of course, the buyout of America using the financial capital WE GAVE TO THEM. Better learn your Chinese.
"Who wants to trade democracy for a communist dictatorship? Anyone?" Obama
@Computertech--Isn't North Korea officially named The Democratic People's Republic of Korea? Hmmm...doesn't seem like majority rule. I believe I remember East Germany went by the name German Democratic Republic; awfully big wall for majority rule wouldn't you say? So what is truly in a name?
Oil and gas is overrated. One Canadian put it to me that a litter of gas is no where near the price of a litter of grain. China will be ok as long as they protect their food supply. Aliens would just toast the antarctic, cause sea levels to rise to destroy every single naval base and food transported by sea. Billions would starve and be forced to eat each other for survival. Like the fall of Rome, when the city became surrounded. 1000 years of glory and a simple thing like ignoring food supply.. the politicians dressed in gold and silk where forced to eat each other. A grand navy is nice, but drone swarms destroying bridges to cause population starvation is an evil humans have forgotten in war. US and China combined could not stop one large meteorite from hitting Antarctica. Two professional militarizes working together might be able to in time.
If America halts grain and rice exports to China, China starves.
Dominance only last as long as you are willing to dominate. And really it comes down to dominating or being dominated. There really is no in-between. I for one say dominate.... do what it take to ensure China never gets a blue water Navy in the Indian or Pacific oceans....
Plz they are idiots... they would be starving if not for GREEDY American corp interest...
Probably been said already, but China will have to stop menacing its neighbors if it expects to have ports-of-call with its neighbors.
Probably been said already, but China doesn't really need ports-of-call with its neighbors. It needs ports-of-calls far away from home and its neighbors.
@ Steven, Probably been said already, but china doesn't have many "far away from home and neighbors" friends because nobody likes bullies.
Bullies don't need you to like them or be their friend, the just need you to give them your lunch money. And with a #$%$gy name like Tonny, I bet you would know all about getting bullied.
Pots need to stop calling kettles black. US, USSR, RPC, UK, France founded UN as allies after WWII ended, made old fascists minor allies and proceeded to make war profit together. I have yet seen UN permanent voting powers changed, have you?
@ Steven, What's the matter wumao? Don't like people disagreeing with your chinese propaganda? For all the times your country has lost wars, I bet you know all about getting buggered by foreigners.
The Chinese, indeed the entire world even our worst enemies remain heavily reliant on the US to secure oil choke-points and most importantly the US remains the only nation capable of maintaining overall global security and free trade routes worldwide. No other country, including China wants to assume any part of this expensive and thankless responsibility. The problem however is that the cost to police the world is so expensive it will bankrupt any nation assuming this role as it has done to US. Now how will this play out since we are broke and all nations are ready to leave us holding the bag?
Nobody asked you #$%$ to police oil choke-points. So why don't you save yourself a bunch of money and stop doing it right now. Go ahead. Stop. Why are you still doing it?
@Steven: if it were up to me, I would pull every GD US force home and close every entry point into the US with a sign that says 'Keep Your Sorry #$%$ Out'.
no one seems to think this is an issue, that china is rapidly building up its military and starting territorial disputes with its neighbors ???? China is determined to be the next soviet style war machine and the US will be its only real threat, and we will be heading down the apocalypse route quickly. If the way china handles its local disputes with the south china sea with virtually every country they have so far dealt with, its a pretty good las vegas style bet that a major war will be the outcome once they reach the level of the US war machine. The US is selling all of its debt to china and china, like the soviets did, is playing up as the good friend of the US in order to gain access to the technology is doesn't have and is in the process of procuring, via buying us companies or playing up to the idiot in chief in the black house. Either way, its a bad omen of things to come. If the bible belting religious fanatics read the end of the old testament, they might come to the same conclusion Ive come to in just watching the news and reading up on the economics and the financial updates. BAD IDEA. Not sure why the US contains the biggest population of naïve and gullible humans, but we are the first country to warm up to anyone who suggests they want to be friends--but has an alterior motive--to get as much tech and recon as possible to build up their own arsenal and compete. Don't think its happening?? Ask the cia and the fbi, and if that doesn't help you get the pic, just look at the hordes of Chinese who are coming over on maternity "vacations" to drop their payloads and get citizenship papers. They aren't doing it because they want to see Yellowstone in a few years.
With no US money, China isn't nearly as strong. Even though we have a large debt with them, they need us, which is why you don't see too much conflict between the two nations. Don't buy your bomb shelter right away. The sky has yet to fall, chicken little.
Ariel,China is never going to catch up to the United States as a military power.Keep spreading the fear.The GOP will love you.Their navy and air force are not as good as what Taiwan has.
china has to deal with russia 1st.china and russia are about to go to war over mineral rights on there borders.be watching for it.
Do you think Ariel sometime we do the same too. Sadly, I will remind you for the pass 2 decades, we are the country who attack the most another people. As for Donnie, I completely agree with you. But that always been politic, scare people to make them dumb.
"Black house"??? Dude, you sound hella racist. Twelve American presidents owned slaves and eight of them, starting with Washington, owned slaves while in office. Almost from the very start, slaves were a common sight in the executive mansion. A list of construction workers building the White House in 1795 includes five slaves - named Tom, Peter, Ben, Harry and Daniel -- all put to work as carpenters. Other slaves worked as masons in the government quarries, cutting the stone for early government buildings, including the White House and U.S. Capitol. According to records kept by the White House Historical Association, slaves often worked seven days a week -- even in the hot and humid Washington summers.
Ariel, your comment is a WEALTH of information. Reading between the lines gives me chills because of what all is coming. Cuz it ain't gonna be purdy. And all this comfy, cozy, warm & fuzzy lifestyles we've built for ourselves while trying to keep up with the Garcias -- plus all these countries arguing & acting like children -- we're circling the drain, and very few know it because they're just having so much fun shopping & charging & zipping around in their SUV's like there's no tomorrow -- that they have no idea what all is going on in the world. It's a tinderbox waiting for just one little spark. And one of the bratty children will press the button. And there WON'T be a tomorrow, if something doesn't change quickly. And I don't see how it can, at this point. I think we're too far gone. Circling the drain............ But as Miss Scah-lett so eloquently put it, "Oh well, I'll just think about that ta-mah-rah........" (Nothing wrong with shopping & charging & SUV's, but I know lots of people who are maxxed out and can't seem to find the exit so they can get off that wheel they're running on in the hamster cage as they're trying to impress their friends.) {I wonder if China would let us borrow some of our money.....}
They built a huge manufacturing infrastructure which encouraged people to leave their farming countryside for cities. Then they enacted a 1 child policy which encouraged killing baby girls. Now, they have a young generation of males that are living in close quarter cities with no chance of ever finding a mate. Their only hope is to keep the citizens placated with striving for the middle class lifestyle. The biggest challenge to continued rule after the lack of women is geography. This is why Tibet and North Korea are so important. Both serve as a buffer against an early invasion by a possible enemy.
Ariel, Please, USA had been in dispute with other countries for a long long time since end of WWII. Korean war, Vietnam War, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and now finding excuse to invade Syria and Iran. While the media of USA divert the publics attention the real threat is USA. Chinese spying? Of course but then Snowden told us that USA spies too. The biggest danger is not China but the self righteousness of USA citizens to think that others are at fault if a conflict arises. This will encourage your own government to dig your graves.
Ariel: One inconveneint truth: China claimed all those islands and shoals for hundreds of years, not yesterday. It was before the Philippines even became a country. But, being Americans, we bury history and just make propaganda. And then war.
Not mentioned are overtures by China and Russia toward the Seychelles - within easy monitoring distance of the entire western Indian ocean.
If they want to be treated as an ally, perhaps they should stop acting like imperialists.
Why wouldn't the US have all these bases around the world? Who spends over $50 billion a year in bribes(foreign aid) and wouldn't have anything to show for it? The reality is that we are broke nation.
Well, the Chinese seem to have aspirations to overtake the U.S. by force someday. They can shoot satellites out of space, now want to try to have an equal Navy. Maybe it's time we stop throwing work their way?
Finally someone says it. We are paying these people to war with us one day. Does anyone remember the chinese general a few years ago who was silenced after he said war with America one day is inevitable?
it so sad to see what greed has done to our once great country we have sold our soul to china for a few dollars china is thinking 10 years ahead all we see is todays profit we are building up there country for them while destroying our own they build new cities we can even repair our roads ole well
Does any one remember the little tin toys and other paraphenelia that flooded the American market prior to WWII?? under the label "made in Japan" if you do, then you'll probably remember where you were, and what you were doing on Dec 7 1941. I do, we, (my family ) was standing around the radio.,
Why would China want to take over the U.S.? Just more mouths to feed...not to mention Americans are extra fat, so 300 million of you would probably require more food than 1 billion Chinese. No thanks, you can keep your little broke#$%$ country. So stop worrying about nothing and go microwave yourself another pepperoni hot-pocket.
At this moment, warships from Malaysia, India, Pakistan, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Singapore, and Brunei sailed into Qingdao port to attack China. Correction to join naval exercise with Chinese navy.
Russia doesn't have many port either so in a pinch they will both need to make a lot more friends or they risk losing a war because they can't get resupplied.
To Monk: With what? Bows and arrows, trebuchets, attack balloons? Ramming speed, Ho!
Integrated Logistic Support or ILS is an are where the Chinese can learn by observing the most powerful Navy in the planet (the US Navy). As a member of the United States Navy, I was always impressed in our capability to conduct PROMPT and SUSTAINED combat operations at sea thanks to our supply lines. With a lot of pride I can say that our United States Navy is second to none.
Did'nt you know that China now owns Long Beach Naval Base which has a deeper port than San Diego where our Destroyers are station which now means that their larger ships can lob shells with out leaving port over to San Diego.This is "treason" whoever allowed this to China.
Your greatest problem is your underestimation of the Chinese will. I am sure you will be surprised of the outcome of future events. Do you really think the Chinese are so ignorant to let others be aware of their full potential
John sir,you are correct. The media belongs to the west and the US.They will always portray a positive image for them without agreeing that China or any other nation could boldly compare militarily with the US and the West. China is getting big without people knowing.
China is a cesspool filled with hungry people.
thanks to "Made in China" goods and US Consumers buying their junk that country is outpacing the United States and actually laughing all the way to the bank... Oh wait, doesn't the USA owe money to China too?
Watch out...China MIGHT actually have a real navy by 2050 according to China itself
Where do you think the money was obtained to give 250 dollars in additional social security a couple years ago to the US people who were drawing SS? Ya, that is right, our wonderful government borrowed the money from China. How dumb is that? Remember that was money met to jump start the economy after people like mader destroyed so many lives./
China sure has some lousy naval hardware at the moment. I suppose they have a testosterone-driven need for a larger naval presence, but it will never rival that of the United States, assuming our military budgets don't keep getting #$%$ on, or whittled away by SecDef. I must comment that I admire their restraint when whatsis from Japan laid a wreath at the War Criminals Memorial in Japan, when so very many Chinese were tortured, maimed, killed, experimented on by the Japanese. The upcoming battle about the disputed islands will mostly be a frolic between Taiwan (long term US ally), Japan (?), South Korea, and China. Given our massive trade with China, I doubt whether China will frost our cookies in this regard. Finally,, I think China is about one inch away from chastising North Korea over its behaviors.
Scott I hope you are right on the North Korean issue
I dunno at 4-5 times that of China's and 7-8 times that of Russia... its going to require a lot of #$%$.
China and the US, which politicians are more corrupt. Seems to be a nonstop contest.
Czar Putin has shown the Chinese the perfect way to steal a country for its strategic importance. For the Chinese, look for a country with a sizeable Chinese population (pretty much everywhere in the world anymore), encourage them to internally destabilize the country by falsely claiming "discrimination" thereby justifying to the Chinese the necessity of invasion to "protect their community". That's one major reason the Chinese didn't object to Russia's invasion and theft of Crimea - the Chinese plan on doing the very same thing in SE Asia and elsewhere.
brett also believes the missions to the moon were fake and Benghazi was about a video
Isn't that exactly how the US got Texas away from Mexico? What goes around comes around.
Gee, ya think? Anything that reads; made in China won't work for long-if at all
The reason China has few friendly ports to call on is because few nations trust China. In general, how many allies does China have in Asia? North Korea and Pakistan. That's it. China is not trustworthy or mature enough to have allies. They are acting like bullies in the South China Sea because of their greed for natural resources plus their tourists are rude and hated wherever they go. The Chinese are not leaders, just bosses. Signed, Concerned Citizen from a Small Country
The most important aspect left out of this article is that the Chinese military is really geared for "defense" of their homeland, while the US military is about "projecting power" or in another words "offensive" by nature. Why do you think America has invaded more countries in the last 50 years than anyone else?
Instead of the defense department, America should just call it what it is, the invasion department.
The headline is totally nonsense. China has no interest (at least immediately) to have ports everywhere in the world like US.
Got your head buried in the sand, Steven?
@Greenchill, maybe but your is sure stuck in the butt hole!
@Benny, Re: Your comment: "Lyndon...can you mention a SINGLE EVENT when the PHILIPPINES bullied CHINA or any Asian countries since WW II." Yes! Search the internet! A Philippine gunboat just slaughtered a Taiwanese captain over Taiwan's territorial sea last year. Over the last decades, just check how many Hong Kong/Taiwanese/Chinese fishermen and their boats were robbed and killed over public sea as well as just within Taiwan's territorial sea. FYI: Taiwan started to protest the killing of its captain last year. Taiwan's refusal to be persecuted was a surprise to the Filipinos and to US diplomats over there. Check the local newspapers (in English) in BOTH Taiwan and the Philippines.
Going inside the 200 mile EEZ of another country is not public sea or international water. Not because you're Chinese does not mean you own all waters in the area. China ratified the UNCLOS law of the sea, which provides exclusive economic zones for each sovereign country. China running out of natural resources to feed the 1.5 billion people of its population does not give them the right to steal land and water rights from other countries. The Philippine Coast Guard did not go to Taiwan to shoot at those fishermen, the Taiwanese fishermen encroached in Philippine territory to fish, which is highly illegal. The fishermen made a mistake or think they can steal resources from the Philippines and got shot at. It doesn't mean the Philippine Coast Guard is justified, it too made a mistake and should have only arrested the fishermen for fishing from the Philippine waters.
@Ferdie Odnimar, Agree with you except that the Taiwanese fisherman was NOT in the territorial sea of the Philippines. It was and is still unclear whether it was in public sea. We told them that his boat was in the public sea when he was shot (by 156+ machine gun bullets according to the evidence on the shot boat. Sorry, no proof I can provide). I just happened to find this out by searching the internet. But, interestingly, how come you are this up to date to the Philippine's side of story and why are you so sure? Just curious! BTW, are you aware of our interest and position over Taiwan/Philippines?
@Lydon I guess you must be stupid for using the event LAST YEAR since his (Benny) talking about the even during WW2.
It was and is still unclear whether it was in public sea. We told them that his boat was in the public sea when he was shot The only question is why would the Philippine gunboat venture in the public sea? And from what see you are only using conspiracy not a fact.
@Yazu, I only trust the statements from our consulates at Taiwan and the Philippines.
@Lydon can you show me the sources so I can read the statements myself and for me to believe you.
Check Diego Garcia for the Malaysian airliner, think about it!
The problem with China is that it has constantly been in conflict with its neighbors for the last 1,000 years. Every country in Asia and beyond is leery of the Chinese's intention and will never trust the Chinese enough to allow them access to their water and bases.
There was a time that China had the worlds largest navy that carried their Cavalry and support troops all over Asia,to plunder and/or trade.Unless Please look it up or google it,THIS SHOULD AT LEAST BE 50% FACTUAL.
China never had the world's largest navy. They, however, did have a large army that travelled on land, who did most of the plundering, pillaging and razing across Asia.
@Cold during the Yongle Emperor's rule China had a blue water navy (visited many other countries long before England,France and Spain)...no other country did...it was for exploration only and considered to be too expensive to continue after the emperor's death as most felt like China had all they needed and outsiders had nothing worthwhile to offer.
@Cold until the Qin and Han dynasties China was far more advanced than the west in every way remember the Chinese invented the compass and rudder (tiller) they were centuries ahead in metal work,medicine, ballistics, building techniques and much more...you should go back and study history...I am not a fan of the Chinese, but i do like history and facts.
Building a military takes time. You just became the superpower, your military is not developed yet. Give it another 15, 20 years.
Its America's vulnerability that it is so dependent on support from allies. The Chinese understand that by simply cutting of key access, the American navy quickly becomes little more than a self defense force. The Chinese appear to be looking to be as self sufficient as possible and only controlling the resources they need which would be a much more cost effective strategy. In a major war with us they will pull a rope-a-doper and drain us dry. We won WWII because of our resources and our manufacturing capability, China's now has a huge manufacturing capability and is getting control of key resources while we turn our nose up at the idea of a pipeline which would take us closer to energy independence and increase our manufacturing base. The Chinese are concentrating on resources in its backyard which it can control and its clout in places throughout Asia, like Singapore, Indonesia, and Thailand where they can shut us down in a blink of an eye.
well, not bad. but there is a secret about china. and it is really about naval superioority. and american slot hs.
China shoot it down and it's covering it up.
Who is China kidding? An American Trade embargo will be catastrophic for China. It will freeze payments to trillions of US debts.
China just wants to control its own neighborhood and rule Asia. I doubt they need logistical support to do battle in Australian or American coastline. It is pointless because the Chinese navy would get blown out of the water long before they reach US coast... plus I assume nukes would be flying around by then.
Any supporters out there for the notion of Chinese naval dominance in the Pacific?
They only way they can do this is by taking over the islands in the middle of the pacific that we already own. It is so obvious that we are on a collision course with this nation.
In the mean time, get down to ChinaMart and buy up all the Communist Chinese shoddy items that you can afford so they can continue to fund their war machine.
But don't you own those islands in the middle of the pacific because you took them over in the first place. What goes around comes around.
The last thing you should do is pretend your enemy has any vulnerabilities. Never view yourself as superior to any potential foe.
Ermm...I don't really have an opinion on what happened to MH370. I simply don't know. But I do have a bit of info that may (or may not) be pertinent to people who are interested. I had a flight from East malaysia to west malaysia on the same day as MH370 disappeared. My flight number was MH2635 departing from Labuan to Kuala Lumpur at 14:55 (about an hour and a half after mh370 officially lost contact and about 4 hours before MAS announced the plane was missing). We boarded, but didn't take off for nearly a full hour, and instead of flying to KL we were told that due to mechanical problems we would be flown to Sabah. When we arrived none of the staff were forthcoming about what the problem was or even why a plane with mechanical problems was allowed to fly in the first place. We were kept at the airport until about midnight when we were all sent back into the same plane and flown to KL. At no point did we see any maintenance or repairs being done on the plane. I'm not making assumptions about anything or if my experience is even in anyway related to MH370. I'm just curious what anyone else might make of this event.
Your welcome Robin....but it 's probably nothing...I didn't notice any other flights being grounded.
OetG, your timing is 12 hours off...MH370 was an overnight flight that lost contact with KL control tower at 01:40. So the difference in timing could support Valeriu's suggestion and maybe they just wanted to review every aircraft in the fleet. Strange however that your flight went in the opposite direction to Sabah, I am guessing you mean KK? Also strange that a maintenance issue couldn't be resolved in Labuan?
Labuan and Sabah have limited repair facilities and if the problem was not serious enough to prevent you from flying retuning to KL is the obvious choice. Logistics - ask Brown.
Justin...yeah you are right...so my experience would have been about 12 hours later. I only heard about Mh370 at about 7pm that night when a friend called me up. We were told that we were going to Sabah because the airport had better facilities, and also that it would be easier to get connecting flights. I don't know about facilities but Labuan does have one of, or the shortest runway in Malaysia...or so i'm told. On arriving though we were simply told that we were waiting for new pilots who were already at the airport. We still had to wait another few hours before we could take off though, and in that time no airport staff could enlighten us on what was actually going on. If it was a aircraft review though...no other flights in were delayed during out time in Sabah. The whole thing was weird but I guess you guys are right and whatever this was, was just a coincidence. Thanks for the input. :)
Obama is trying hard to change this base balance of power. He will probably allow them to Port in San Diego before he leaves.
After Romney sells them the port ?
China was never a colonial power like the Western "democracies", and thus do not maintain any hold of all those indigenous peoples territories in the Pacific islands. The only time in history when China was really "aggressive", was during the Han Dynasty reaching far north into Siberia, far south into Vietnam, far west near Aral Sea; and during Yuan Dynasty under Mongol rule, when the empire stretched from Yellow Sea to the Black Sea (and beyond), and during the Manchu-led Qing Dynasty, which defined most of the borders of modern China today, although Qing Dynasty was also when Asian medieval military superiority fell behind to Western scientific progress. Not to be confused with "Qin" Dynasty, when Qinshihuang, the son of Hun people unified China under one Emperor and recombined Han culture and people with the Hun people.
I love it when the Chinese post on the free internet. Say what of Tibet, again??
lol Derek; I don't think you know the whole story behind the Tibet issue, although I have to agree with your first sentence.
Richard, China still will not issue any visas to foreigners each year until after the anniversary of the Tibet revolt has passed. Tibetans still live under the guns of Chinese military. And don't forget Burma/Myanmar, inner Mongolia, Shaanxi, Gansu, Yunnan, and Xinjiang, now so called Uygher Autonomous Region. No coincidence that these are the least free and also the poorest people of China.
They own one-third of the US, watch them sail into our ports with nary a whimper from our leaders. Our politicians have sold us out and it will be the ruin of not just America, but the world as well. And when in God's name have you seen so many democrats rattling Sabre's all over the world, and where is the liberal media. They are ALL traitors and we will have one hell of a fight to get this country back, if China hasn't taken us over before that.
Boy, you sure know how to exaggerate!
Oh come it hasent been that long ago 20 30 years ago Japan own us,the truth be told our rich own China so !
oh the drama! u should be a cheap 2cent actor
Americans are fueling China's economy, we need to stop buying Chinese made products.
Based on their heavy handed, aggressive foreign policy with their neighbors, I don't see them getting any naval bases in other countries anytime soon.
Good thing we have term limits on Presidents. We cannot afford any more like Obummer any time soon or everyone will surpass us.
Guess what we're paying for China military with the debt we owe them, so if they were to challenge us blame Wasington for creating this for the last 30 years.
Guess what you like many others don't have a clue what your talking about. Please research this topic cause you and many others really don't grasp how this all works so you keep posting these comments which in reality don't make a lick of sense.
The United States has been a maritime power for hundreds of years while China has no experience in naval warfare. Japan and the United States fought many large naval engagements in World War II and both gained enormous experience and knowledge about naval warfare.
I wouldn't get too cocky about our situation. We've only been a country for 238 years. China is in it for the long haul. Here are the first 2 sentences from Wikipedia's article on China's naval history: "The naval history of China dates back thousands of years, with archives existing since the late Spring and Autumn Period (722 BC – 481 BC) about the ancient navy of China and the various ship types used in war. China was the leading maritime power in the years 1405-1433."
At least in Asia, during the same time frame Venice was the leading naval power in Europe and the middle east though they would be passed by the ottoman empire later in the century.
Discussion of long-term access? What do you think China is currently doing grabbing those islets which are too far outside their zone? And, other countries will be wary of giving China a 'long-tem access' to their ports because once they do that, China will eventually claim part of th country as theirs base on 'history'... you know how Chinese are!
Yeah, Mexicans know how Americans are too. Grabbing Texas and some "manifest destiny" #$%$ which resulted in you claiming California, Arizona, and New Mexico away too. You know how the #$%$ng Gringos are! Hypocritical as #$%$
Now you understand that you need to be friendly with your neighbors, because no one will give you refuge in case of emergency in the international waters. From east to south china sea, all your neighbors are mad at you. In Indian Ocean, You have issue with Malaysia and Indonesia. Don't you see that you are now surrounded by your enemies and you cant win back their friendship anymore? You get more help when you are friendly and less when you are "bully"..
Indeed. Although the US has had its problems in Okinawa and the Philippines there is no evidence that they will be expelled from using Japanese or Philippine ports in the near future. The one major problem is having facilities for a substantial operational capacity, as it once had at Subic Bay in the Philippines. However, the counter-claims by Chine and the Philippines over parts of the Spratley Archipelago has actually encouraged discussion of a new join base for the US and Philippines in Palawan. Vietnam is upgrading their ports for American vessels. And cooperation with Malaysia and Singapore is also increasing. China's attempt to bully and "pick off the low fruit" is backfiring.
China might be in a position to buy some help, though! :)
You just have convict those countries that they need lots of Tonka trucks and Barbie dolls. Nerf hoops and plaid shirts. Works every time.
The search for the flight has exposed other weaknesses as well. The lead is being done by Australians using US made probes and underwater robots. None from China. The doppler analysis of Satellite signals was done by a British firm, and China tried to get the algorithm and software, allegedly out of 'concern' for the missing. Unless China becomes a free and open, democratic society they will never become the worlds leading power. They will always have to steal technology, which by definition is obsolete. Once it was thought japan would be number one, but that fizzled out because they too are not open enough.
Instead of using the word "STEAL", why don't China copy USA idea how to set up good relation with other nations in the world for ports access to refill supply when being on the long operations.
China's true and only enemy is China.
Yeah, American technology is soooo awesome...so where's the #$%$ng plane?
Bull... if they become democratic, they will never catch up. Look at the state of US education. Openness and democracy is not necessarily a recipe for success. Oh, yeah, if the western technology is so awesome - where is the plane?!
It's pretty convenient that you left out the fact that the Chinese have deployed satellites, vessels, aircraft, as well as personnel for the task. And even if the Chinese refused to lend out their submersibles, their decision could have been due to a variety of factors other than technology. How a government runs has no effect on their state of technology; the latter is influenced by their R&D, competition, investment, and education. I see some people cannot distinguish the notion of "copying" from that of "form follows function".
No nation needs total dominance at sea. Where a ship is doing nothing threatening (like the Chinese vessels helping in this search), others (like Australia) will help supply them. If a war were to happen, it would likely escalate to nuclear, rendering sea power irrelevant. Navies serve best to protect territorial waters and international trade routes. The vast amount money we're spending on having the dominant navy gains us little or nothing. It's like we're preparing for a repeat of World War II.
I guess you have no clue as to how many war ships are fitted with a nuclear arsenal. Many of our ships have the capability to launch nuke ballistic missiles from there decks. The navy is the only way to brink over whelming fire power to an other country with out invading the ground. It is of most importance. That's why China is now building a navy witch it never had before. Not to mention the planes that take off on ships for bombing runs.
HA! HA! HA! May be I love to see another Pearl Harbour !!!! In fact you are arming the Japs to do just that???
That's it. #$%$ DOWN ALL WALMARTS. Boycott all Chinese products. Get rid of all illegals. Send out pamphlets to everyone in the US on survival and subsistence farming. Bring back all troops and shore up powerful defense and border forces. Return universities to a Taylorite factory model and federally fund all STEM research. Put all lower educated people in hureaucratic roles with moderate wages. Time to build an ultra defense machine ready for the Chinese and anyone else. Use wooden implements and other basic tools needs be until we rebuild our entire manufacturing systems. Put prisoners on metal processing assembly lines.
The next president of the United States. GOP of course.
Funnily, putting prisoners on assembly lines is more of a human rights violation than to starve, mistreat, and abuse them in self confinement or in the general gang-oriented prisons.
Philosopher ,Good Morning you sociopathic religious bigot.. Any body believe you.. You think Killing people for No reason is a Good thing what are you really? Aryan Brotherhood #$%$? skin head? You speak as someone who has not been forced by circumstance to take a life and then have to live with it...You want to be a soldier join the French foreign legion go Montreal and enlist.. Then go thru 3 months of hell in Corsica ..You are unfit to be an American soldier.
Yes, You can say whatever I am, Because you are a CAD and Coward .. Like I said I recognize a sociopath. For 8 years I made sure that people like you stayed in custody ..Just because you have not done any time until now does not mean that you will not.. which the way talk You 'll need to be held protective coustody..23hs. /7 days a week /365 days Lock -up by your self .. Given the right set of circumstances you will snap.. And then see how you fair Inside .
They have all the gold right now so they will waste no time in renting, buying and negotiating for bases. Look at their attempts to finance a new canal in Central America! Unfortunately, they are not stupid.
well. you actually dont know the half of it. i understand American arrogance, and it is annoying as hell, so much so i am forced to be a claxon tht nobody listens to as they are so frigin arorgant. listen to what the canal is ok, little one. they need to build a big one, apply massive efforts, then, finally, in 2026 will have a rival canal, instead of using deception and influence to get their stuff threough that you usa s allow thorugh no force through, actually PAY to get thorugh, like cocaine byt he container. i mean, it is deception. so i will go on like this, and you usa #$%$ actually want me to go against them, yet, wont do so yoourselves. it is hilarious, but at some point i actually need you to engage your superiors, the chinese. i mean, they act so humble. yet built a tremendous number of subs. thats all they need, ships are uselss in todays navy. so keep harassing me, asking me to oppose china, as they consume time. not stupid, how would you know? you all dont respec thtem enough to look past your withering tired lousy cranky arrogant ignorant an\cient rotting nose.
I wonder if 3 years is enough time for barry to piss off the few remaining allies we have left.
We (the U.S.) would blow China's navy out of the water anyway, so why worry?
As long as American ships are out of range of China's land mass. As it is America will not even send a carrier fleet between Mainland China and Taiwan.
How many days a year do i have to work to pay for these bases to protect other countries. ? Half of all our taxes go to military expense now.
Wrong. Overall we make money. Of course on the surface we pay for everything, but having allies, keeping business and commerce going, and selling weapons to our allies offsets the costs and even make it profitable.
i think entitlement programs use about as much if not more
Doesn't anyone see that this was all by design. Its not about the missing plane... This event was merely a TEST. The event was ABOUT DISPLAYING THE INABILITY of any country to fully and completely monitor their territories or if you like, the world. Up until this point in time we were reliably informed that BIG BROTHER SEES ALL. Apparently he does NOT. I think it is now clear to those that orchestrated this event, that the world is not being fully and completely monitored from on high. WE ARE NOT BEING WATCHED. The world is now a much more dangerous place Whoever arranged this event has something grand in store. Don't you think? Something that WONT BE SEEN BY THE SECURITY FORCES OF THE WORLD. I mean lets face it....we lost a 747 and we apparently can't find it .... despite the best attempts by the USA, and every other technologically advanced country My theory
The worlds a big place, thats no secret. The US has the best detection but not covering the entire world, not yet anyway.
How do you know the US does not know where the plane is?
I still wonder who was on the plane that would cause someone or some people to fly that plane and crash it without a trace.
I thought the vulnerability that was exposed was that they search for underwater sounds with a wired coffee can on a stick.
Until today our mediums are still very much in concern of POLITICS rather than the LIVES of the people, the writers of this article are obviously the real trouble makers with cold blood, they totally forgot that we were powerless in handle the Crimea dilemma, don't know what to do with the current crisis in Eastern Ukraine, don't even know we have an unbearable national DEBTS year after year, don't know we have been in wars since WW2, our troops are exhausted ..., don't know China has to take care billion of people, tones of tones of social & environment problems ...,and we, AMERICA, also needs help too, but by stirring the trouble water here & there???
You're an idiot if you think that the people in power are ignorant of the things you mentioned.
What are their underway replenishment capabilities?
Just as I thought. Still their Navy is not to be taken lightly.
How are they going to get those nations that China is disputed with to let their warships to come in for supplies/fuel replenishmet or liberty calls? As much as a ship cans load up enough foods and fuel, it will only last for one month; therefore, at sea replenishment or port call is absolutely necessary to deploy half way around the world, or longer than one month.
The same reason why China lets ships of other nations dock at its ports from time to time. International politics usually do not get in the way of international cooperation in operations like those going on in Somalia. Otherwise, those nations would risk their relations with China or international image if it bars a foreign ship from port calls in peacetime simply due to political grudges.
WHY hasn't our NEWS MEDIA and our Congress insisted to INVESTIGATE this island Diego Garcia?
The US Navy operates Naval Support Facility (NSF) on Diego Garcia. Unless you're suggesting that the US stole the airliner, I'd say we have Diego Garcia covered.
I said this from day one it is all military exercise from start to finish . Brace yourselves of the next big lie from the white house. We have been attacked .
It's not a flaw when your foreign policy is to not interfere with other countries. It's also a sign their economy faired better during the recession because their Government had cash reserves to pump into the economy while the U.S. deficit is at $17T, spending billions on bases all over the world while we have people flowing in and out from our own borders..
and big corporations not paying billions in taxes
martial arts created by Buddhist monks from India check it out
Call centers created by IT people from India check it out
Curry is eaten by people from India
I suspect other countries, especially those close to China, see it as a potential invader or challenger. They know the U.S. is not a threat to them.
How do countries in the Middle-East see the U.S.?
SeaGal: USA fought a 10 year war in Vietnam that also spread into Laos and Cambodia. USA is still waging 4 wars for over 13 years in Iraq, Yemen, Afghanistan, and Pakistan. Also, US military is in Somalia and S. Sudan. Does everyone "know the US is not a threat to them"? Who is the " potential invader or challenger" ? China? or USA ? Your paradigms have been sabotaged by American propaganda.
Look at the "high power" countries that didn't put much effort(money) into searching for the plane. I wonder if they know something that we don't and decided it was a waste of time and money?!
239 persons disappeared and their families are in serious pain. Please help China to find the airplane and focus on doing so. Any comparison on military strength will force US and China governments from doing their best.
They can build a million warships but they will collect dust because the US is pretty much the only country that goes to war and polices the planet. China will however sell war machines to countries like Iran and N. Korea.
Instead of collecting dust, why not just sell those million warships to Iran and N. Korea then? US would #$%$ its pants.
if that is true, then it shows US military analysts and its diplomats are exaggerating chinese military threat by justifying its own military procurement program and expenditure. China navy is at least 30 years behind the US naval arsenals and delivery system. and china has no oversea logistic or military bases for its navy. US military bases scatter around global. somebody is distorting the truth about china's military aggression.
The U.S. doesn't have an "agreement" with Guam. Guam is a U.S. territory. The United States owns the island, they don't need permission to pull into their own ports. Nice research Reuters!
All dressed up and no place to go, or no way to keep going once they leave the mainland. Let them leave port and then cut off access back to the mainland. After a few months they will become rusted, floating graveyards..
Good plan. Assuming they left port to blow up the US, using your forces to cut them off when they come back after blowing up the US will certainly teach them a lesson.
China has invested in almost everything it needs to be a major power, but one thing it hasn't invested in is allies. Most nations in the Pacific prefer to remain allies or partners with the US even if they expand trade with China.
If you need to invest in allies, they are not your true allies at all.
@Steven: What? Every human relationship requires investment. Are you a shut-in living in a dreamworld supplied by a trust fund delivered daily by aliens?
@myl: What? Human relationships? I thought I was talking to a dude. Go discuss your feelings with Oprah.
The Chinese most fundamental weapon, wok, cleaver, and chopstick. Oh I forgot the bokchoi!
The American most fundamental weapon, parties, coitus, and condoms. Oh I forgot the pornos !
you forget they are thieves !! lol
Marcel, truly, if we could get you to be the next Chinese head of state, the contest would be in favor of the U.S. Sadly a kung fu panda could probably #$%$ on your face while you were watching WWF.
It is a problem for China when no one likes or trust you! Plus to add to that, you are using aggressive military actions against all your neighbors which are friends to the West. So then you have western allies and friends, plus those that have been pretty much neutral, looking at you wondering ,just what the hll is your problem and why are you being so belligerent against everyone and why are you controlling your people as if you are still the dictator state you were 60 years ago!
Have you fixed your 'loose' English before you pose as an non-Japanese American again? You did that in all your 4800 messages! Again, to teach you spelling again, when you did not win, you lose, not 'loose; Your English is rather 'loose', when you say you 'loose' when you mean to say you 'lose'!
Eagle, may I give you a suggestion?? Get over it! What is your fixation on a misspelled word that you cannot let go of.. Go get some counseling please!
The nations in Asia needs to form a coalition against China. Japan, India, Indonesia, Taiwan, South Korea, the Philippines just need to form an alliance. China is becoming a bully just like Japan was in WW2.
I doubt many other nations in Asia or anywhere else for that matter would open up their ports to the chinese navy. No one trusts them.
If that is the standard, we are screwed.
During the Cold War with Russia we were warned "Beware of the Russian Bear", now we need to really closely watch and beware of the "Chinese Dragon". The Chinese are looking to become a real world power on a mission to crush the United States and her allies.If they secure friendly ports it will put them in a position to easily become the dominant world power and ruler of the oceans.
"if they secure friendly ports" that will be never considering that no country will trust China for being a BULLY
Yes, we should really FEAR China since they acquired that OLD obsolete Russian made aircraft carrier!
Dear oetG, This article would further confirm my earlier reply to Steven as follows: @Steven, Re: Your comment: "Why are we even worried about (Russian) fly overs? If flight MH370 is any indication all they have to do is fly fast and low and we would never know they were here" Well, we knew what happened to MH370 since the first second. The reason we stayed quiet is because there were 100+ Chinese citizens on board. Hence, the Chinese government would have no choice and have to come up with its most advanced equipment to search for its people. This way, we can get advanced insights into Chinese capabilities and know how to contain, if not kill the Chinese more effectively. Try to understand more on our think tanks and the behaviors of those Washington guys and you would know what I am talking about.
Against a country like China, it is a good thing to know as much as we can about them. If people think other countries aren't doing the same to us, they should do some reading and become aware.
So why there is China threat? America.
China is openly making threats to neighbors and if there was no America they would be more overt. China's attitude is entirely their own creation.
I do think it is the other way around. Its neighbor Japan and America is threaten China. Check it out how close are the US military bases as well as its warships/airplanes to the Chinese shores.
Besides America thinks Chinese military is the biggest museum in the world, why there is China threat?
China's history is the biggest drawback to port agreements. First, there was the Emperors of China. Then, came Mao. The Communists are now in charge. China's history comes down to No Respect for the individual. When your nation's history comes down to using citizens as "Cannon Fodder"; it does not make for trustworthy international relations. What nation wants you to park your ships in their port; if they suspect that you might decide to eliminate their ports and leave the countryside in flames ? China isn't in a position to negotiate any lasting port agreements until they can be more trusting and humanitarian.in their international relations.
Or maybe China hasn't really thought much about port agreements cuz it doesn't feel the need to stick it's nose into the the affairs of countries way the #$%$ on the other side of the world where it has no business being. You know, unlike the U.S.
China was the world's most advanced and powerful nation for over 4,000 years, all without US help. You Americans need to get over yourselves. With luck, your little country might make it to 100 years in the top spot.
China was... and longing to be... again...
China to get a Blue Water Navy in 2050? Nonsense, if China can become the worlds second largest economy in a couple of decades, they will be able to get to an operational blue water navy by 2025. That assumes that not if, but when their massive real estate bubble bursts, it does not cause too much disruption.
They better ramp up their spying and stealing technology.
According to Snowden, China does need to ramp up their spying and stealing technology in order to match US spying and stealing technology by 2050.
They don't have the finesse the US and UK have. They are bullying everyone they need to do it with. And.... the bubble will burst soon.
first they set up ports then they overwhelm you and take over. a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step
Set up ports? Where? Did you read the article or just reading comments and proving your lack of intelligence? A military objective for China is far in the future, if ever, in naval terms. U.S. rules the seas with bases and allies. And what exactly is it of which you are aware? Aliens? Area 51? CNN? Your ex banging on the door of your trailer demanding child support? Your favorite porn site? I'm confused.
3 words: Philippines China will have to invade to get access to the harbors, and keep the USA out of the area at the same time. Its hard to imagine any nation willingly giving such an aggressive power access to ports that will eventually result in it's invasion by China, so China will have to use force to get those ports. Mark my words.
Philippines is actually one word with 3 syllabuses. It is 3 words/characters in Chinese and other Asian languages.
Logistical issues aren't the only thing we learned (actually, already knew) about China. You can bet we picked up a lot of 'sound' data on their vessels, communications and electronic capabilities. We've got 'spooks' on our subs that live for this kind of intelligence gathering.
China cannot even take Kinmen Island, which is just a few kilometers off the shore from Xiamen. China's navy is pathetic (just like her lack of scientific achiements in the past few centuries, reflected by pitiful 2 Nobel prizes -both weak choices for the Peace and Literature prize. Nothing for sceince, medicine, or economics, ever).
Why should they innovate? They can simply duplicate.
Ironically, Nobel made his fortune in dynamite, based on the Chinese invention of gunpowder.
another option for china would be to build 10,000 ships that are all considered disposable and if they can resupply some of them later fine but they won't need to.
Ahhh, sounds like Rumsfeld wisdom. "As you know, ah, you go to war with the army you have---not the army you might want or wish to have at a later time.---You can have all the armor in the world on a tank and it can (still) be blown up... " - when asked why US soldiers have to dig through local landfills for pieces of scrap metal and compromised ballistic glass to up-armor our vehicles.
Disposable ships? What happens to the crew when you can't supply them? Just let them starve to death out at sea? LOL
can you say "Chinese Junk"? 10,000 times?
China has got to make friends easier instead of picking fights with neighboring countries. Countries like Taiwan, South Korea, Japan, Vietnam and the Philippines to name a few. Potentially Russia later on. The Elephant of East Asia is a regional security threat.
How is the Chinese going to dominate the world, even the noodles were invented by marco polo, and he is not Chinese, he is Italian.
The Chinese already had noodles when Marco Polo visited. They were prepared in bulk, dried, stored, and used when needed. The Italians never developed dried ones since they made everything fresh for their daily meals. Thus the pasta in bags that you buy at Safeway (or wherever) and toss in your pantry owes its existence to the Chinese. Your rigatoni, ziti, etc and all your favorite dishes descend from the Italians.
Newsflash: China already dominated the world for over 4,000 years. Only question is how long before they regain the top spot again.
OMG Marcel! Marco Polo brought pasta back FROM his Eastern travels. Your ignorance is truly astounding. I'm assuming you are neither Asian or Italian. Nor educated by either region. You are perhaps just confused by historical fact. Wow! Just wow!
Who allowed adolescent Marcel to post?
China going out and claiming on flimsy pretexts that it owns vast swathes of international waters is not a good way to persuade other countries to let its navy use their ports.
Don't know about that. US's flimsy pretext of WMDs in Iraq has somehow persuade them to give us oil. If the US is any example to go by, flimsy pretexts are a pretty persuasive tool to get what you want.
The reason we are broke is because of the entitlement programs in this country which dwarf the defense budget.
In a situation like this one would wonder why the involved nations could not do underway replenishment? Not like swinging cargo or fuel hoses is a top secret item.
China will never have total control of their neighborhood like the US does. Part of it is geography with Japan and South Korea as neighbors. They aren't likely to become pals with each other anytime soon. Even quasi-Communists Vietnam doesn't like China all that much.
The sole fact that China hopes to have a blue water capable navy by 2050 shows how pitiful their military assets are. The fact that Republicans in congress use the idea that China could somehow threaten the US militarily as an excuse to devote even more funding to our military shows how dishonest they are in regard to political debate. The US accounts for over 50% of all military spending worldwide. Our economy is suffering under the burden of this spending. We should be devoting this money to improving our infrastructure.
True. The former boogie man, the Soviets, were pumped up by the military and the chicken hawks as this huge sophisticated military power. The reality was their ships broke down at sea or stayed in port for lack of parts. Air forces with mostly 40 year old aircraft. Ground forces with equipment that was far inferior to ours. We were frightened into spending out our #$%$ for stuff that we really didn't need.
The idiotic West is in bed with China as it was with Russia till they come back and bite you on the face.
China and the corporate U.S.interests are sleeping together. Impossible to differentiate governments from money, really. It makes sense for the States to posture opposition to Chinese expansionist portrayals. That way it appears corporate America are not selling out our heritage. The most direct questions pertains to how the bedroom functions and how long before the doors are thrown open through "irreconcilable differences". Even then, truth is perceived and dealt in and through politics. Reality is an entirely other concept. Propaganda has extended it's realm far beyond leaflets dropped from military aircraft. Media outlets are carefully controlled and social media is the new religion for the masses. Subjugation breeds complacency. It's just a show that both China and the U.S. need to play out while bankers do the real dirty work of grabbing what they want.
I forgot to mention that social media is probably the greatest tool to promote ignorance and insular thought. "Keep them busy with the petty, sell anything you want." So busy masturbating socially and creating fictional selves to care about the bigger picture. "Got my Xbox and a new smart phone, life is good!"
On the other hand, if peace is China's goal, then there will be plenty of friendly ports to service their ships. On yet another hand, nuclear vessels would go a long way to solving the problem.
Nuclear is good for the ship but you still have to fuel the sailors.
The US Navy discovered years ago the only viable ships that can be operated economically on nuclear power are subs and aircraft carriers. Plans of fleets of nuclear powered DD's and CA's to accompany the aircraft carriers was dropped long ago. All of the nuclear powered cruisers we had have been decommissioned. Most were not even close to half their hull life. Reason, too expensive to re fuel and maintain them. Regardless, we have a 50 year head start on designing and operating those ships. Gas turbines have replaced oil fired steam turbines in our DD's and CA's and our gas turbines are the best in the world. No need for nuclear.
The craft was Intercepted and remotely flown to Diego Garcia to recover sensitive Drone Field Operations Equipment bought by the FIVE CHINESE Intel Operatives on that flight. This equipment was intercepted on it's way out of theatre in Afghanistan and was sold to the highest bidder, the Chinese. It made it's way to the Chinese Embassy in Malaysia at which time the following plan was hatched. Since 911 all Commercial Aircraft have a failsafe remote operating system that the Pilots can not override. The point of intercept was halfway between third world Air Route Control Centers of Viet Nam and Malaysia. Out of the range of primitive Radars and also at the exact point of being equidistant between Peking (Bejing) and Diego Garcia. The above was done by use of CIA owned/operated AWACS with Air Intercept Controllers well versed in Electronic Warfare. Very well thought out, and perfectly Executed. All onboard that Aircraft were murdered by vectoring above 35,000 ft and depressurizing the cabin to atmospheric pressure. If this craft is ever found it will be in FIVE MILES of Water to prohibit recovery....... You have a right to know what I just wrote. Several US SEALS died in the ambush to steal the above equipment.
Aye, verily, verily the thunderous bowel gases of Zeus do now cause the Earth to shudder. The wise, knows-all, sees-all Zeus of the mountain does deign to inform the people of dastardly plots and schemes. Do you masturbate as creatively as you imagine?
That is the first time I have heard this and the first reasonable explanation. Personally, I had felt all along that it had been put down somewhere very private and under radar. This makes more sense.
Well, I see it didn't take long for this fairy tale to find it's way to the conspiracy crowd. Among other things, you don't have to go to 35,000 ft. to knock people out if you are going to depressurize, though it would make you brain dead. I suppose that is the only thing that makes me think you might know about this...you were there.
In War College you learn that in order to project power, you need to be good at logistics, Napoleon realized this but it only worked so well when he went into Russia. He was instrumental in the development of canning and having his troops spread out and "requisition" things as moved forward, but you need bases or a really good system of supply ships for a large navy.
China won't match the USA naval power for a long time, but, will they have to? If enough trouble countries get together and we happened to be bickering with enough allies at that time, it could be a problem. So don't be slashing military spending, it is the main thing, after soldiers of course, that keeps all of us as safe as we are. If the day ever comes when the whole world can be trusted to play nice will all the rest of the world then maybe spend less on security.
Had to check your profile first before I made my comment...and sure enough, yup, got it. Deep South GOP, right? As in Alabama GOP?
I am not Rep or Dem cause neither party could ever get it right on all issues. We need the best and most sensible practices on many things.
Tell me BP, what difference does that make? Instead of playing I hate the GOP, why not ask a relevant question or make a direct comment on what Beer said?
Fred...no questions are needed...the mentality is all that is necessary to know. Beer.....Right!!!! No party affiliation at the ballet boxes. Right!!! What difference does AL GOP make??? Seriously???
Raise tax, then you will have your security.
Remember that a GPS guided missiles can knock out an aircraft carrier.
Technology is going to trump ships every time in the next ten years,
what shuts you up mario like they have no defenses
cut military budgets by at least 75% and we still out spend by a mile #2
why does there always have be some democrat prick like BP come and stink up the place?
Don't be slashing defense spending---Keep printing funny money and borrowing.........(Aren't we already borrowing from China?). And our soldiers against Chinese soldiers? China is more than double U. S. troop strength. I think we are out-numbered. The one-child family policy of China, has produced a far greater number of Chinese males, than females. There are a lot of lonely male Chinese soldiers who would just love to breed American high school girls.
Well Light....since you must be a good old GOP let's get some more military goods tell me...for all the trillions of dollars we have spent exactly how many wars have we won in the last, say 70 years or so excluding WWII? Which by the way would never been won without many millions more dead without the USSR attacking from the east. Except of course, Grenada and Panama. With all of our over reaching preparedness how many? How many places where we stuck our nose have we walked away the admitted absolute victor for all the trillions spent? Tell me..... Let's see if you say Iraq and Afghanistan..... How many thousands of americans have died because of our failed defense policies? BTW if you don't like democrats you're on the wrong site but that's by design I'm sure. There is always faux......
Lightspinner,because people like BP know the conservatives are the fear spinners.And he knows the followers of the conservatives drink that fear koolaid up as fast as it is produced.They prey on their weak minded followers.Keep spreading the fear boys.Because people who are real men are not afraid.
@Mario. Not hardly. One missile will not take out a carrier. Maybe 10 or 12. Not one. Ever hear of the Vulcan Phalanx gatling gun? 40 MM 1000 rounds a minute. Depleted uranium round. No missile can fly tru that.
@ blue-outnumbered, but not out gunned. I think one US division could out do easily twice that of Chinese.
@bp - you are exactly what's wrong with the demoncrat party. Your hate of anything not liberal is the reason there is no bipartisan activity between parties. As a liberal you are always right and the rest of us slobs are your inferiors, right? Go pound sand, little man.
Blue numbers don't mean squat. The kill death ratio in the korean war "when china intervened" was astounding. They used thiers troops in waves and they where slaughterd. Numbers mean nothing if they have no tatics. Trying to invade the usa would be impossible their navy would be sunk. If one was lucky and made it on the bea h would be shot by military or civilians. Or shot down by the air force if they tried paratrooper invasion.
BP doesn't mind living in a labor camp.
@Beer, in other words, what you're saying is don't slash welfare. Because there are so many people in the military who use it as a form of welfare. Former druggies, school dropouts, losers, etc.
@ben - I spent 23 years in the military. I have a college degree, do you? My college degree makes me a loser? Why don't you TELL us why you hate military, that which keeps you safe from being over run by a nation that wants what you have.
Fred, no need to get emotional. Military salary does indeed act as a form of welfare for a lot of people. I did six years in the military and observed this everywhere around me. Obviously, my comments don't pertain to everybody, but it did to a lot.
Keep buying MADE IN CHINA America.
Being a super power is more than just having big guns, isn't it? China now is realizing that going around and bullying their small neighbors may be is not the best policy to have. I am afraid it is too late now, as none of these SE Asians countrires would ever agree to let China have bases!
They might never find that plane or maybe they just don't want it to found a possibility, of course, they seem to be so sure that this plane is in this part of the Indian ocean, what if they changed course again and no one picked up any signal, why not look on land is well. If they are so sure of the crash site of this plane, why not use dolphins with attached cameras and have them swim around the oceans and maybe just maybe they find something,.....
Da plane is in North Korea. Why do you think it was flying below radar?
Dolphins can't swim that deep Hans.
yes I do understand that Dolphins can't swim that deep, but isn't there an article in the news that is suggesting using animals for that matter,...
Instead of being more friendly with neighbors like countries in SEA and India, China is being hostile. Instead of taking them away from the US, China makes them cling more to US.
They are risking their relations for what they consider to be of utmost importance; territorial integrity.
If there were Filipino or Vietnamese fisherman aboard the plane the Chinese would have already found it.
But you have to remember. If the base in Guam gets too big and the island flips over, the US wil e in real trouble.
The chinese has high regards for themselves and they often deem other races to be lesser than their own. It just shows not every problem is solved through intimidation, bullying & economic manipulation.
Well, isn't your comment demonstrating that it's even worse to solve problems through the use of social schemas and frankly a bit of racism?
I don't know, Red. The U.S. uses intimidation, bullying & economic manipulation to deal with problems quite effectively. China should do well to copy US foreign policy.
Complacency: remember the toddler Japanese navy's humiliation of the imperial Russian navy in 1904
You need to do a little reading up on the actual battle readiness of the Russian fleet that was routed by Admiral Togo's Fleet. The largest Russian ships, which traveled from the Baltic, around the the southern cape of Africa, across the India Ocean, then up through the South and East China Seas, were badly in need of repair, their hulls and rudders were so badly encrusted by barnacle they could barely turn the rudders over, and apparently they could not make more than 4 knots-- now do you think any modern western navy would ever allow its ships to fall into such ill repair?
Ok. What's the excuse for pearl harbour?
If war breaks out in Asia, the USA will be able to re-supply almost anywhere. China will only be able to re-supply in China. Obviously, Asia loves China almost as much as Japan does.
Behind the propaganda China's navy is a floating joke!
Now Vietnam, The Phlippines, Japan and the rest of the claimants can give the middle finger to China. China is probably busy spying on Australia (and the US) all this time and not really devoting their time looking for the plane.
That is what I have been thinking,, China mapping the seabed around Australia and every other country it is not normally allowed !!
I hope Australia and the US are not stupid enough to allow Chinese the full access to the Australian ports and our equipment.
"As China's military presence and projection increases, it will want to have these kind of (port) arrangements in place, just as the U.S. does," said Ian Storey, a regional security expert at Singapore's Institute of South East Asian Studies Yeah, right.... as if the Chinese Communist Regime and the U.S. Constitutional Republic were morally equivalent.
So funny some foolish bigots mentioned Tibet. Tibet has been part of China way before your white trash ancestors from Europe invaded the land of the Native American Indians, killed 98% of the Native American Indians population and made their home casinos. China will free Tibet once you move your obesity #$%$ back to europe.
YOU CAN START BY BEING FRIENDLY AND NICE TO YOUR NEIGHBORS, BY RESPECTING THIER RIGHTS. NOT BY BULLYING SMALL AND UNARMED COUNTRY IN PURSUING YOUR UNJUSTIFIED CLAIMS.
But if the claims are justified, then it would be a simple matter to just b*tchslap these small annoying countries into oblivion because, as you've stated, they are small and unarmed, and then just build ports there anyway without the tediousness of listening to all their whining.
They have shown their true colors . Too late !
Maybe if everybody in this world chilled out and worked on trust issues then we wouldn't have to worry about spending so much time, money, and resources building up our Navy's.
No need to worry about a war with China. They have already won. There are millions of China men in America and they are slowly taking over cities. They hate America and ALL Americans but mostly whites and most of all African-Americans. They look up to Jews, hence the best selling books in China are written by Jews, so that is why the majority of them are greedy and their entire day revolves around trying to screw Americans out of money.
Not only does China not have any friendly ports in their southern and eastern flank, lack of ships makes a billion man Army useless in naval war. These ships have a long way to sail before getting to the islands in the southern flank without getting sunk.
Of course China doesn't have friendly ports of call in the area. They are trying to take everybody else's territorial rights in the area. Not a good way to make friends.
Meh, either way. If you take a territory, you can just build a port on your own territory.
China will indeed have a reliable supply line by 2050. When China finally forecloses on all loans made to the United States, the U.S will have to turn the pacific over to the Chinese.
Foreclosure needs to be backed by force. In the context of home loans, that "force" is the government and the local laws in place--hence the need to have the Sheriff evict someone from their home, on that last day. In the context of inter-nation loans, that force is the respective militaries of the lender and borrower nations. So long as our military is miles ahead of theirs in technology, training, weaponry, logistics, and real-world experience developed in real wars, they won't be able to "foreclose".
@Eveln L Why would force be necessary? They can just sell US treasuries on the open market tomorrow. DUH.
@Commenter Can't they just short the US dollar before dumping the Treasuries? DUH.
Another huge problem for China is its huge coastline. Very difficult for a coastal navy to defend, even with an aircraft battle group.
Yes, there will be a big Chinese war someday after they feel they are ready to challenge us!! Keep buying Chinese junk products at Walmart is what they are hoping to give them the billions to keep growing their military!! This world is not safe at all!!
@Velvet. hey did you know the Chinese are totally capable of making goods that far exceed the quality of anything made today??? Yes! They can do this easily! But the reason why they design them to fail is so you will buy more and more and keeping them employed! Think about that! I been to China many times and they use products from all over the globe! Mostly Japanese products! LOLS!
china attacking the USA is like fighting a grizzly bear with a fly swatter, even if the US does have idiot in chief Obama temporarily...
Why even bother. Whomever starts to lose the war will eventually go to their nuclear warheads and so will the other side. Who needs basis in a real war these days?
Japan, though (unlike China) it had a magnificent navy, before WWII, solved the problem of a lack of bases by invading its neighbors and thereby creating bases forward. It seems all but impossible that China's "territorial claims" are not a forerunner of such actions' repeat.
So when the US took the Hawaiian islands by force, was that a forerunner of some future invasion or did Americans just need some place to grow sugar?
"I heard East timor has publicly said that its port is open for Chinese navy to access. Fiji is also probably a good candidate to get closer to. That is if China want to "expand" into australia backyard, which I can't think of why China need to do that, but probably a safe bet to do since the Australians have allowed uncle sam to based his marines there. "
Uncle Sam sent Marines to Australia when China started blowing hot air about it's territorial claims into the area around Australia. The current Chinese government seems to be enamored with 19th Century European concepts of territorial expansion type imperialism.
If China is smart and is planning something, they will do so before 2016 and a new Presidnet, Obama is weak and they an Russia knows it.
Time to move to Russia Czzzzz and worship your idol..Presidnet Putin. lol.
I served in the US Army for 8 years, Obama is the weakest president this nation has ever had.
@Ariel: Re: Your comment: "China is determined to be the next soviet style war machine ..." and other inputs. Although I agree with you on most of your comments. I would remind you all that we are the real Soviet style war machine. China is not even close. Remember "weapons of mass destruction (WMD)" that we manufactured to be against Saddam Hussien? Have you seen one of our soldiers smilingly sit on top of the gold we acquired from Iragi central bank? Are you aware how many Iragi reconstruction contracts and how much oil interest we acquired from Iraq war? Separately, although most Iraqi people died during US/UK occupation were due to their own internal conflicts, can we just set aside 10 seconds to just look at the number of Iraqis died during Hussien's "occupation" and the number of Iraqis died during US/UK "occupation?" Elsewhere, can we take a look at how many mentally #$%$ children Vietnam still suffers these days due to the "leftover chemicals" of Vietnam War? Nothing personal. I continue to support and appreciate the efforts and sacrifices of our troops. It is just that my conscience at times still reminds me of those different great Americans in Washington, who are definitely and absolutely different from the ordinary ones like most of us.
Hopefully they will be banned from docking anywhere except their own ports! Watch out America the take over is already in progress!
They have access to trillions of dollars in surplus cash, massive amounts of natural resources, a huge labor force and the political structure to ensure it all comes together exactly as the communist leaders wish it to. Anyone else afraid?
China is nothing more than a bamboo banana republic, they will always be behind. :p
This highlights some of the exact reasons (along with natural resource claims) that China keeps trying to capture Japanese and Philippine claimed islands. To expand logistical and territorial lines.
Well, now they know. I am sure they can do as the US did in WWII when the US Navy had to use at sea re-supply when they were thousands of miles from the closest naval port. A few supply ships, some floating docks and fuel tankers can make a big difference in naval operations. Then, once your forces start to capture ports you can move your naval stations forward. The Japanese did that in the beginning of WWII and then the US when they started to push the Japanese back to their islands.
No, the USA was woefully unprepared pre-WW2. We now are fully aware of the strategic importance of securing the Pacific.
And nobody had satellites in WWII... A floating oil tanker is an easy target once it's known where it is.
There's also the inconvenient fact that China's historical claim to much of the area does not make neighboring nations eager to offer ports of call and supply depots. Chine needs to build an actual blue water fleet before it can think about supply lines. A toy carrier which was once considered for a floating casino doesn't count.
Wouldn't Americans notice that Chinese people are not going to have military actions with the US even they have nukes, too? Back in WWII Chinese assisted the US to drop fat twins to Japan, even though the political views between communism and democratic are different, Chinese people always view the Americans friendly. They do like English speaking people more than most other people on Earth.
No offense, but I find this kind of thinking very dangerous. Random events occur that lead the world into the wrong direction. After all, the US was greatly superior to China in 1950, but that didn't stop them from entering the Korean War. You may recall that that wasn'tmuch fun. arcaneone
This is bull from corrupt mainstream media sources. Refueling ships are NO PROBLEM for China. China chased US Carrier Task forces out of the South China Sea because the Chinese have an anti-ship missile that can fly so low to the waves it could possibly strike a carrier. Uses course correctional jets instead of fin stabilizers. China is a SERIOUS threat.
Somebody down votes EVERYTHING I post. I could post puppy kicking is a bad thing.....AND you would down vote me. Who are you?
On land, air, or sea everyone counts men, tanks, planes, and ships. But wars are won by who has the best logistical organization. Without fuel, food, and bullets all those high priced toys are worthless
And the US has 189 bases in 42 countries. Expensive but the only way to be a super power.
Russia has 6 and China has...uh none!
Precisely!! You can't put ordnance on target until you can first put it on station.
Thank you Michael for a short, logical, and well written post. You not only pointed out the reasons the U.S. is and will remain number one in the world, but did it by the correct use of sentence structure, unlike that of Ratboy and Dennis, neither of which seem to know how to capitalize a sentence or construct a sentence.
The only future base that China will have is if they take back Taiwan. That is if Taiwan does not beat them. Taiwan has a lot of US made fighters and US will back Taiwan in that war.
False and true at the same time. Sure, China or any other nation would need a complicated network of supply lines and ports, but those are not the only things that matter. What makes people think that foreign military bases are absolutely necessary for the Chinese to repel an American incursion in the Pacific? They have a massive shoreline that can essentially cover their entire eastern seaboard, and not to mention that all nearby American bases are within range of the land-based assets.
The military is a huge waste of resources. Too bad we can't all just live in peace with each other. I guess John Lennon was a dreamer after all.
There is an old saying in the military....novices talk about tactics and pros talk about logistics.
Bill, all the U.S. needs to do is choke the oil supply and China is a sitting duck.
Terra, choking off the oil supply would be a lot more complicated than just setting up a blockade in the Bosphorus or Hormuz strait, as such actions would involve Iran, Saudi Arabia, and a whole lot other countries. And it's pretty futile considering the fact that a major portion of the oil supply is delivered via pipelines.
Todd. Ok, explain how the Military is "a huge waste of resources" ? I agree completely with "Too bad we can't all just live in peace with each other" but unfortunately the world doesn't work that way.
Bill it would help if you actually knew something before you comment. Something like 60 to 80% of China’s oil comes by sea through the Strait of Malacca. 2 US SSN’s could completely shut this down. Moreover, there is no good path for oil to flow from the Middle East to China without passing both a narrow strait and a US ally and or Port. Look at a map once in a while. Oh and please do explain where these mythical oil pipeline are and where they come from?
Dave, I don't think Todd is refferring to our military in particular... he is referring to military as a whole... all of the money spent with military ww... and he's right.
Dave they will never get it. Todd, FrankG there is a quote from somewhere that goes like this: We all dream of a world of sunshine, happiness and peace. The problem is… half of the people think it sounds like a wonderful place to live; the other half think is sounds like a wonderful place to pillage. That is reality and no amount of wishful thinking will ever change it. The idea of pacifism is born out of fear and the hope that you will never have to put yourself in danger nothing more.
Well don't #$%$ tell them that!
Now you people understand that Problems between China and Vietnam and also the Philippines are not problems and challenges of their owns but are triggered and kept alive by the US.
no further logistics needed. this is not risk. If it comes to going past the traditional games of chicken to a real hot war where large forces are moving and being attacked nukes are probably not far behind and maybe some space telephone poles as well. Still nice to dream of early ww2 strategies. either your boots are there first and you dare the other side to escalate or do nothing a la Ukraine.
How does a $17 trillion debt count in strategic thinking? Also, when one of your potential enemies has some of that debt in their holdings.
Bill Huang what makes you think that this a war between America and China alone?
This is exactly why other nations are working on down grading the American currency (dollar) from being the international reserve and exchange currency,,,because historically the American government has used it's influence to destroy the economies and starve the people of nations who do not agree with American and or western politics,,,and no nation or group of nations should used their power to impoverish an entire nation and its people,,,there is nothing humanitarian about such conduct,,,, all of the recent American wars have been aimed at stopping this effort, of many nations to be able to do international business without purchasing American currency to do so,,,before America became the world bully, no nation had a problem with propping up the American economy by trading in American currency,,,but since America started murdering every opponent of the American dollar/leaders who wanted to trade more in their own nations currency (like the late Saddam Hussein of Iraq and the late General Gadhafi) many more nations have become more interested in taming this out of control (Bully/America). When America went into both Iraq and Libya the first thing the military did was seize all of the government's money presses,,,,destroyed them,,,and opened up western banks,,,and started the people to immediately trading in US currency,,,,this is not coincidence,,,,, Now President Putin along with China, France, India, Australia, New Zealand, North Korea, Iran, Syria and others are all committed to creating a new international trade currency,,,which will move the world away from the American currency (and the abuses and sanctions) of the unreasonable and heartless American bully,,,because what America did to Cuba is always on the minds of other world leaders,,,,now Putin is the next target in the American crosshairs,,,but Putin is nothing like the others,,,and Russia is a war prospect which will destroy the western economy,,,,and that will be bad for all of the west,,,,America included,,,,let Putin have Ukraine,,,it's not worth going to war over,,,,America needs to mind its own economy and borders,,,trying to gain control of Russian oil and Russian pipelines in the Ukraine, is a guaranteed recipe for ww3,,,,no doubt about it,,,,so who's ready for a nuclear holocaust??? Life on planet earth, will never be the same,,,
@spartacusnow: If "push comes to shove" do YOU really THINK that the United States would be worrying about the trillions we OWE China, of course NOT, since after WINNING the War we would declare all debts to our defeated enemy, NULL & VOID!
Well said Michael. I think China is thinking in terms of energy needs and not world domination; though the two paradigms are not mutually exclusive. The U.S. clearly has the South Pacific wrapped up militarily, having learned a huge lesson during WWII. That China can ostensibly manipulate global finance on reasonably solid ground is more worrying than their sea worthiness. Effecting control of localized fuel reserves and ensuring friendly supply ports can only work diplomatically. One must take into account Asian thinking. Power must be perceived through gain and/or force. A real dilemma for China in this modern world. Gain is unquestionably demonstrated. Force can only (currently) be shown through the economic power of said gain.
@ Michael You said it. Napoleon and Hitler lost Russia because they didn't have food for their troops (and they underestimated the COLD Russian winters)
@Boris Considering what the other Big O from Cartoon Network is long before anyone knew who Obama was, that sounds pretty bad@$$. @Bill Huang You need to read up on your Sun Tzu. Look at what he has to say on supply lines.
In the end, it's the accountants' books, not the cemeteries that tell the truth of human conflict. The dead can't speak, and though not forgotten, their stories dwindle in comparison to the living currency. Often wondered which chess piece represents the financier. I think it's the board itself and the table upon which it is set. Can't have a conflict without either. Philosophical point, for sure, but Go and Chess are surely a consideration in East/West affairs. Money finances military to forward resource control and nothing else, though many veils are cast in the dynamics of propaganda. The real game is beyond the sight of most.
what i see here is that you say logistics count. well they do. question is canyou and your usa illuminati #$%$ count? i dont think so. peevish llittle bratts why dont you fight all of china c, go get em. your ridiculous. you cant count either. cant see them lil fishies like i suggested you try. sittin right under your ping detection equipment, then comin up, hey joe, how you doin, we find nothin again.
so why woulodnt they have the logistics necessary? i think yuo have understimated them, you know, your heritage has been forgotten, hansel and grettel. um, subs dont have the same logistics as other sea borne vessels. lets get this straight, you hn been annouying nags and cannot access what is in my head. fn read this.........
Of course Chris noone can ever read your head because not even one wants to be in your head. After writting all these useless, pointingless and vague comments why should we be in your head?
Amateur talks tactics ( Russian/Chinese modernized military. Regional Powers ) Professionals talks logistics ( U.S. Global Super Power ).... By a long stretch.
One of the very reasons why the U.S. and the Philippines will forever be joined at the hip. You either have to fly or swim to get to it. If you are coming in with military ambitions, you better be Christian and able to communicate in English. There's also 7,108 islands to cover.
Japan during WWII had an empire much bigger than Germany did. It was forced into a losing war due to its lack of oil and bases in the pacific
@Ian X It's pretty convenient how you left out the fact that only 55% of China's fuel sources are from abroad, and of that 55%, only 60% come from the Middle East / Africa and through the Strait of Malacca. China is the fourth largest oil producer as well. Ever heard of Gwadar Port, the one in Pakistan in which China set up? Well, it now is the recipient of $12 billion in Chinese investments, and it only 120 km from the Iranian border, allowing the oil to bypass South Asian sea routes and enter China through land routes that Pakistan has already offered to China in 2013. China is also building further ports in South Asian countries such as Sri Lanka which increases the number of fallback options should their external fuel supply be threatened, even though some of those South Asian countries are bound by Middle Eastern oil as well. China has the aforementioned ports and also the many current/proposed ME/SA pipelines that, despite your claims, do exist: - China-Kazakhstan pipeline (expanded to the Caspian Sea) - Central Asia pipeline - Sino-Burma pipeline To think that Beijing would be easily and quickly shut off from all its oil sources in the event of a hypothetical conflict would be quite a mistake in planning.
I think in the forth coming years China's biggest headaches will come from west of China, India.
Nobody likes China except wall street, 1%ers, and pro free trade politicians. Its time for a cold war with the communists. American jobs are badly needed here in America.
Funny I can say the same thing for us, nobody like us self interest bag of #$%$.
Maybe they could get basing rights in Japan, India, the Filipines and Vietnam. Oh wait, they've either invaded those countries several times in the 20th Century or are having border disputes with them now. America could bring about a lot of Peace just by bringing our Industrial Base home.
What is it with is war propaganda Yahoo,. liberals are always looking to start a war by telling the world about their neighbors weakness’. China is suppose to be an allies shut up about their weakness’s . lose lips sink ships
Why would the US trade with China if China spends the new money competing and conflicting with the US in return? Is it really worth it for a few to get richer? What a bad fed govt the US has to allow this. Containment is the only peaceful solution to conflict. The elites in America need to contain their greed.
The rich to whom you refer are in bed with the federal government. That is why the enlightened people in the room wish to shrink dramatically the size and scope of the federal government. That is why there is a Tea Party. The occupy crowd would come to this realization were it made up of the intellectually curious and real free thinkers as is the Tea Party movement. Instead, the occupy people mindlessly align themselves with the Dems who wish to grow the very federal government that protects and enables those evil 1%ers. The founders of the Great American Experiment understood the dangers associated with centralized power (ie DC) and wrote the Constitution as a means of keeping the federal government in check.
China is perceived as a bully by the world community, bullying and intimidating its neighbors over the South China Sea and East China Sea. China also bribe for political gain, like bribing Cambodia not to place the Code of Conduct for debate during the 2013 ASEAN conference. BTW it is an impediment for PLAN to project naval power without access to ports around the world.
Sounds like that they have learned from us!
And the PLAN still cannot secure ports without bribing Myanmar, Sri Lanka, and Pakistan for port access. BTW the US military establish cordial military relation with host nations.
I am all for allowing Chinese ships to port in Los Angeles or San Francisco. They can enjoy our Culture there of permissiveness while we port in Shanghai or Hong Kong and explore the numerous hot Chinese girls ...
That's what happens when you alienate your neighbors by aggressive actions and rhetoric. You end up with no friends.
All the king's horses and all the kings men couldn't this plane. Some 7th century,stone-throwing, prehistoric misfit bahstards flew the plane to Pakistan with the intent of arming this flyer with some serious evil and with the intent of making the history books once again.
Main difference: The US has no territorial interests in the area, while China maintains many claims and has warred against its neighbors. Who then is to be trusted as an honest broker, a support for the Asian nations' sovereignty and liberty?
japan-chinese territorial dispute was the US's own creation. it handed over the disputed island to japan in the 1960s unilaterally without taiwan or mainland china.
Has anyone considered the possibility that the missing Malaysia plane may have been hijacked to somewhere in the Middle East and the ping-rings where planted decoys??? If the missing plane is covered on land satellites may not see it.
Chinese economic power is the key. Take Australia, where China is the largest importer of minerals and food, and the largest trade partner for finished goods. If the Chinese felt like it, they could crash the Australian economy in short order. And don't think the Americans can just step in and make up the difference, we are talking tens of billions of dollars at risk.
Meeso Soupa is right.Friendship cannot be won by bullying.Filipinos mistrust these Bullies because of thier actions in the past months and these mistrust will never be forgotten.Our next generation will inherit this from our generation and weiter.So sad but the Facts are here for the whole world to see.
I agree but you need to take an English course.
sorry if you are not satisfeid with my English.i live in Europe for 3 decades and speaks four foriegn languanges.i have a profession and graduated from the oldest University in my land.That is sometimes a problem.But i hope you will try to understand that sometimes it is not possible to speak them all perfectly
I totally agree with Vichai. No nation in the pacific will trust them. They act like they own the whole Pacific Ocean the south china sea in particular just because it's name "China" sea. It belongs to all nations in the Pacific region
If China so desires they will just take what they want by force and use the infrastructure to their advantage. Right now China's playing nice with the disputed islands when they could just take them. What is the U.S. going to do, start a nuclear war to stop China's aggression? Just look how we have addressed Russia's invasion of the Ukraine. If China has the desire and will, they could take Taiwan and Japan.
Hahahaha, dream on or get a clue. What force? What infrastructure? Take Taiwan? Why? To steal butcher knives? Take Japan? What? While the world is sleeping China "takes Taiwan and Japan" newsflash. The Spratly islands? If China could "take" anything, it would. The "islands" to which you refer are currently "placeholders" to contest rights, not front line military. Go back to CNN or wherever you get your info from and enjoy ignorance.
Why does the media act like China is some invincible power? They are just bigger russia! Junk equipment that would get blown out of the water and the sky by the US military. Their air force is junk junk junk LOL
For how long if we keep sending all of our money to them??
No worry! If the Chinese build an army the same way they build products then it should be no worries as we all know Chinese made goods are inferior to others.
And Americans would then buy the Chinese army, cuz Americans love to buy everything made in China even as they disparage them in order to make themselves feel better about their collapse of their own country's manufacturing capability.
Well not to worry with conservatives like Romney making sure China's middleclass expand with American Jobs shipped there they will have plenty of money for their military to upgrade and be superior while America races to the bottom protecting the Koch Bros and betraying the people
The bright side of this missing plane is that we see Cihna's vulnerabilities. Or was it planned?
So are you telling me the plane was gone because somebody planed it?
This is exactly why other nations are working on down grading the American currency (dollar) from being the international reserve and exchange currency,,,because historically the American government has used it's influence to destroy the economies and starve the people of nations who do not agree with American and or western politics,,,and no nation or group of nations should used their power to impoverish an entire nation and its people,,,there is nothing humanitarian about such conduct,,,, all of the recent American wars have been aimed at stopping this effort, of many nations to be able to do international business without purchasing American currency to do so,,,before America became the world bully, no nation had a problem with propping up the American economy by trading in American currency,,,but since America started murdering every opponent of the American dollar/leaders who wanted to trade more in their own nations currency (like the late Saddam Hussein of Iraq and the late General Gadhafi) many more nations have become more interested in taming this out of control (Bully/America). When America went into both Iraq and Libya the first thing the military did was seize all of the government's money presses,,,,destroyed them,,,and opened up western banks,,,and started the people to immediately trading in US currency,,,,this is not coincidence,,,,, Now President Putin along with China, France, India, Australia, New Zealand, North Korea, Iran, Syria and others are all committed to creating a new international trade currency,,,which will move the world away from the American currency (and the abuses and sanctions) of the unreasonable and heartless American bully,,,because what America did to Cuba is always on the minds of other world leaders,,,,now Putin is the next target in the American crosshairs,,,but Putin is nothing like the others,,,and Russia is a war prospect which will destroy the western economy,,,,and that will be bad for all of the west,,,,America included,,,,let Putin have Ukraine,,,it's not worth going to war over,,,,America needs to mind its own economy and borders,,,trying to gain control of Russian oil and Russian pipelines in the Ukraine, is a guaranteed recipe for ww3,,,,no doubt about it,,,,so who's ready for a nuclear holocaust??? Life on planet earth, will never be the same,,,
I'm not one to believe in circumstance. Of course it may have been a stroke of luck and the opportunity was embraced. Seems suspect that China committed so many ships to find a Malay airliner given historical and territorial climates. One might also wonder if that plane might not come back as a weapon a la 9/11 style. Really? Not a trace? Nothing? I'd be worried if I had a stake in Asia.
And just WHY are we looking for the plane? When we find it, $250M poorer, what will we have accomplished. We're doing things to prove we can do them technologically instead of feeding people and proving we can do that. China is one of the few countries that has taken population growth seriously..... the rest of the world doesn't care, actually tells people to screw like rabbits and we'll pay the bills (that would be the US), or lets natural selection take its toll thru death and disease. As a world we are technologically advanced, morally corrupt and empathetically void.
@Lewis if that's what they want why won't they create their own union rather than taking someone's land.
China won’t need, nor will they ever be able to secure and maintain bases around the globe. The USSR didn’t achieve this even at the height of the Cold War. The US formula for securing and maintaining bases the world over is complex and expensive. China’s leadership is simply too stingy, paranoid and myopic. China won’t need a blue water navy because due to internal economic pressures, poverty, corruption, internal bank debts, and the list goes on China will in time fall into civil war and collapse from within--without a single shot being fired against a foreign nation.
Yes, maintaining bases the world over IS expensive..VERY expensive. That's why the US will collapse from within first--without a single shot being fired against a foreign nation--from 17 trillion dollars of debt.
Steven, point taken. And if the US collapses, it will only expedite China’s doom—since China has bought so much US debt and since the factories supplying the American market will come to a grinding halt.
Possibly. But they have a strong presence throughout Asia and a burgeoning effort in Africa. I wouldn't say that a blue water navy by 2050 is out of the question. In fact, I'd be surprised if they didn't get their sooner. They'll also learn a lot on this search effort in IO.
Get rid of that #$%$, liar and inept dictator Xi Jinping. Free Tibet!
gusto5, I can see the Chinese building bases in Africa at some point but that's about it. In Asia they have more foes than friends. The rest of the regions are dominated by the US and its allies, given China's increasing belligerence and big mouth, there's little likelihood they'll gain any ground on US military strongholds.
@ Irma, Tibet has always been on China's map since Qing Dynasty (1644~1911), and Republic of China (1912~1949) before the communists took over. As soon as the U.S. backed KMT lost the civil war in 1949, China invaded a part of itself. Don't believe me, just Google the previous Chinese regime maps. P.S. Hawaii was finally swallowed whole in 1959 with the agreement from the natives.
Dalai Lama is on CIA payroll. Irma is probably on Dalai Lama's payroll.
Nad = d ickless. How about that? You like this kind of "argument" without fact?
As expected from brainwashed drones and hired trolls. Nad is probably the same pathetic hired troll/drone who is also using Irma's account.
Funny, people have been predicting a civil war for years now and so far nothing has happened. The things you listed like economic pressures, poverty, and corruption are all salient but normal parts of a country whose economic prowess thrust their society forward so quickly. They are experienced by every country whose economic development are coupled by a less impressive change in societal habits, and while they are indeed problems that need to be addressed, saying that they will lead to the likes of a civil war would be like saying the Asian crisis would implode Japan and South Korea from within..
Bill Huang, give it a few more years and it will collapse. You can’t compare the Chinese economy to that of Korea and Japan. Both Japan and Korea invested heavily in public education and health care early on while these sectors of the economy in China are creating immense problems due to poor policy making. China doesn’t even have a functioning stock market because it’s plagued by corruption. Ironically the richest cities in China are the places where the pressures are being felt the most. Inflation is out of control and housing prices have reached levels that are beyond ridiculous. These pressures are trickling down to the hundreds of millions who are impoverished, and who at some point in the near future, will ironically, revolt Mao style.
Bill H: The problem with predicting a countries failure is in timing. Often, the rulers will take desperate measures which will hold off the inevitable for a period of time. How long is difficult to say. For a country only 60-70yrs old, it's hard to say how the change will come but no question it will come.
@M That's the point, buddy. People and so-called "experts" have been waiting a few more years for decades now and the only thing that has collapsed was their own theories on how it would happen. China's investment in education, as a percent of its GDP, is actually higher than those of South Korea and Japan, and its health sector is only marginally behind those countries in terms of spending. The health care structure and policy making in China are the result of a rapid pace of change; technologies, research, and improved procedures are being discovered at a breakneck speed, and while their health sector does need serious improvement, such situations do not imply that they won't improve. Sure, there might be corruption, but there no evidence that it is undermining the stock market. If there is evidence that their stock markets are being torn apart by pump and dumps, pools, or other forms of manipulation, please post them. Please know that one of the reasons why housing prices are so high is because of urbanization by the impoverished. The real risk isn't by a revolt by the people but rather a real estate bubble, which is being tackled through hikes in interests rates and tougher policies.
@Valhalla360 There aren't any of these supposed "desperate measures". If so, please name them. Every country has its ups and downs, so there is no difference between China and the likes of the US in that regard. Every country's "time" will come, but when? China's economic policies have pulled hundreds of millions out of poverty, a feat which was seldom repeated in its entire history, and the increasing globalization of its corporations and trade is anything but subtle. It would be erroneous to judge their future based on a few policies that were ultimately adopted by any country, including the US, whose economy were rising and whose societal practices need to catch up.
Billy Huang: How about stuanchly communist country allowing capitalist markets to open up? Under Mao, the capitalist pigs would have been lucky if they were simply sent to a work camp to be re-educated. Most likley they would have simply been taken out and shot. The problem is they allow just enough to fend off the inevitable while maintaining as much of the old system as possible.
BIll Huang, The leadership in China is facing more dire internal problems than any threats from real or imaginary external enemies. Instead of wasting money and dreaming about sailing the blue seas—they should invest some money in Chinese people. Here are the issues that will eventually cause China’s wheels to fall off: 1. Real estate: As I’ve mentioned, there’s a ridiculous bubble in both the housing and commercial sectors which are adding pressures to all levels of society. About 3 years ago, it took the savings of three generations to buy a modest home in Chinese cites (money from grandparents, parents, and children). Real estate prices have tripled since then. 2. Education: Public K-12 education. Isn’t so public and it isn’t free. It’s becoming a sore, sore issue with citizens all over China. 3. Banking: Chinese banks are sitting on hundreds of billions worth of bad loans. A lot of these loans were given out to B-level cities during the time of China’s stimulus package. 4. Health Care: I cut my hand a few months ago and went to a hospital near the financial district of Shanghai. From the parking lot, I could see the Jin Mao Tower, the World Financial Center Building, and the Newest high rise building in Shanghai. Inside—the hospital was another world. It was very crowded, dirty, and full of very old and very poor Chinese people. God bless the souls of the nurses and doctors working in them. Of course, there are world class services and facilities—ironically—in the same building, however, they are hot available to the masses so there lies the problem. Health care in China is subsidized at very minimal levels, but anything beyond doctors’ consultations, like all medications and all medical procedures, need to be paid out of pocket by customers. 5. State Run Leeches: State run companies are leeches to the government. The government subsidizes them since they are essentially not able to compete in an open market. Closing these companies entirely will put tens of millions out of work. 6. Foot-in-Foot-Out: An estimated 50% of Chinese ruling elites hold foreign immigration documents as well as large bank accounts overseas. This is unprecedented. What this means is the China’s ruling elites have very little faith in their own country. 7. No Transparency: Thus far, corruption is still rampant in China. Without transparency, there’s no confidence in the government by the population. But transparency is democratic in nature so there’s little hope that the party in Beijing will ever make their actions clear and transparent. Even if China has strict laws in the books, they don’t mean much without transparency. 8. Aging Population and One Child Policy: China has a huge aging population without any form of health care or retirement income. Due to the one child policy, there aren’t enough people in China to support this population. This list can go on and on.
You cant hide this plane forever. People are not stupid. Same old #$%$, all over the all powerful technology and patent, money and control.
My favorite Chinese "technology" moment was when they identified a "ping" from MH360. Later it was stated to be heard using a handheld surface hydrophone on a skiff! Simply propaganda. The next day the real technology heard pings 500 miles from where the Chinese had with their dolphin research equipment. They are coming up quickly and are very intelligent, they will steadily catch up. All those US contract manufacturing dollars at work
When you can't get your facts straight, your comments are worthless.....MH370, not MH360 duh
the idea that china became aware of weaknesses in its strategic access to ports when this event (search for missing jetliner) took place is ridiculous. This suggestion says more about who is being included in the discussion (reporter, geopolitical experts included in the story) than it does about realities at the higher levels of PLA or china's planning over the next 5-10-15 years.
I used to buy American, but liberal politics and union thuggery killed my American dream. I can't wait for China to product a low cost high quality car for the American market that will kick socialism back to the 1917 where it belongs.
China does not know the Killing Power of the new F-35. I'm not at liberty to say everything about this aircraft, but China does not want to mess with this Killing Machine From Hell. With the F-35, the USA will not only control the Air, it has the capability of controlling what goes on in the waters of the world. I have seen this Machine up close and personal, it is truly *Terror In The Skies*. This machine will soon show up in Taiwan, Japan and South Korea. Yeee Haaa !
F-35 IS A TURKEY. IT WILL TAKE BILLIONS MORE TO FIX ALL THE PROBLEMS AND LOCKHEED WILL BE LAUGHING ALL THE WAY TO THE BANK.
Why do we have to think as were always at war? LETS TRY PEACE when were not at war. Have you idiots ever look at tag? I found nothing other than made in China. I have returned and purchased and everything says made in China" All I can say is buy American'' and America will make a great come back.
bought something made in the USA today at the dollar store. coffee filters
You can always buy American made junks from General Motors.
The only thing made in America is Daniel C...and it seems defective.
The US military constantly overestimates other countries desires to invade America.
China for centuries has covered the world with commerce. Do you really think they care about being friendly. They pump billions of dollars worth of junk in our ports every year . They fill up Dollar General, Dollar Tree , Walmart and thousands of other merchants with stuff you buy . We buy it even if we don't need it ! The container shipping business was invented by China hundreds of years ago.
You mean General Motors? They are doing the same thing !!!!! AH! American made junks - by UAW.
With so much national debt, we can afford only cheap items! I like to live a rich life, but can't afford it.
Maybe they haven't started nefotiating for port-o-calls because they plan on conquering them instead.
When they lay claim to all its neighbors, China will never get port rights anywhere.
Makes no sense Dave. If China actually lays claim to all its neighbors, it wouldn't give a #$%$ about port rights, it would own the ports.
You make no sense. China has claimed all territorial waters of its neighbors as its own. So what neighbor of China will allow them to use their ports? Very simple.
You make no sense. Why would China even want a port at it's neighbors? If you were making a long trip, would you want a port of call at your neighbor's house? So drive 10 ft., pull into their driveway, take a bathroom break and get some snacks? No, you'd want a port of call far away from your neighbors house, probably at some gas station a couple of hundred miles away. Very simple logic here.
No you make no sense ... so there !
Hope China builds their ships better than they build everything else.
Chinese military is not totally helping totally selfish and creating too much trouble by their pirated satellites, war planes, war ships and bullying neighborhood activities. People are good but part communism is totally corrupt!!!
It is not hard to beat China and Russia economically. You just have to have the will and a new President. Reagen did it.
Reagan sold your country to Europe and the OIL cartels
And Reagan outspent Russia with taxpayer money. He was no "warrior"; he was a neo-con spokesman. His big "war" was Haiti. He lost 300 boys in Beirut, sent in unarmed Marines against armed defenders. An awful governor, and a worse president. But, this is all the Republicans have, given that Bush was so much worse.
Its always remarkable to me how analysts and strategist overlook the 4th largest country in the world--Indonesia--which could easily provide China with such a port, for the right price.
LMAO, After bullying its neighbors and doing land grabs, I'm sure Vietnam, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Japan are going to go out of their way to sign port agreements with China.
It's not just China it's the whole world. If a threat comes from out there we'll really have a problem.
"China is determined to eventually challenge Washington's traditional naval dominance across the Asia Pacific", as long as this is the perceived and demonstrated attitude of China, western military forces will never relax, even a little bit, in the Pacific.
Relax, don't do it, when you want to, go do it Relax, don't do it, when you want to come Relax, don't do it, when you want to suck, do it Relax, don't do it, when you want to come
Logistics, battles and wars are won and lost on it.
Never underestimate the willingness of American businesses to help China solve their problem if they see an opportunity to make money from it; never underestimate the willingness of American politicians to let them do it for a small campaign contribution; and never underestimate the stupidity of the American people to pay for it all by buying Made In China junk while electing politicians who are bought and paid for by big business.
It's called capitalism. If you think it's stupid, you can always go communist.
Why are people on this planet always thinking about war? So what you are saying is China is going to have to be nice in order to properly and efficiently kill people? Wow, we are a dumb species.
Well, America's friendly relations with several Asian countries have allowed us to project our naval power close to China's doorstep. Naval ships need fuel, and if you cannot refuel without going back to your point of origin, all the ships in your navy are next to useless. China may not be thinking about war, but in order to project it's naval power and challenge America, it has to be friendly.
That's why you want to be nice with your neighbors, NOT threaten them. China threatens Vietnam, Philippines, Taiwan, Indonesia with their scare tactics, that's not going to work.
If China were really a friendly country, they would have no problem having access to ports around the world. But, the reality is, no one trusts China for obvious reasons. A one party state can never be trusted to have the interests of anyone but itself.
Well, they could always just invade those countries and take them over. That way they can have plenty of ports everywhere. How do you think the US got bases in Guam, Okinawa, and Philippines?
I concur. The US got those bases by conquest.
By the time China becomes fully up to speed on long range task force and carrier group capabilities, the idea of a group of surface ships representing state of the art seaborne tactics and power projection will have become a warfare system of the past.
They are not trying to catch up. They explore our weakness and build upon that. Why do you think they developed a carrier killing missile BEFORE they developed their own carrier? Basically firing 100 1 million dollar cruise missiles at a 1 billion dollar carrier is pretty damn worth it. We have Aegis missile defense but it'll be overwhelmed if there are 100 missiles swarming at you. The problem is they don't get themselves into enough wars to test their military like the US does.
The Liger, the tactics you are thinking of are so out of date. A US carrier group can already take out 100 cruise missiles. You really need to keep up with the times. Advancements in already proven laser technology can knock out electronics on missiles. Have you checked out the new electromagnetic rail gun that can fire hundreds of projectiles at mach 7 and hit targets 110 miles away, even missiles and other moving targets. More advancements to come. And China is having a hard time making an aircraft carrier.
No they can't.. you need to keep up with what is reality. And that EMP gun is just as effective as the F35 right now. Both not in service.
China wants to challenge the US for supremacy in the ocean, but it started out on the wrong foot . Now that most if not all Asia countries are viewing China as a potential territorial robber, there is no way they will even lease to China a port of call. You can't make friends while trying to pick their pockets!
China has no intention to challenge the US for supremacy. It builds its Navy for the very reasons the Russians and Europeans build their navies: to secure its interests and to deter foreign intervention in their own waters. For that purpose, there would be no urgent need to seek out foreign ports, especially when the cost of doing so would be greater than that of the overseas expeditions themselves. Their disputes with other Asian nations touches on the matter of national sovereignty, an issue that they view as far more important than securing a port in a country that might or might not be of a reliable asset in the time of conflict.
China has no intention to challenge the US for supremacy. It builds its Navy for the very reasons the Russians and Europeans build their navies: to secure its interests and to deter foreign intervention in their own waters. For that purpose, there would be no urgent need to seek out foreign ports, especially when the cost of doing so would be greater than that of the overseas expeditions themselves. Their disputes with other Asian nations touches on the matter of national sovereignty, an issue that they view as far more important than securing a port in a country that might not even be reliable.
That's why they are bullying their neighbors in south china sea, claiming islands that are not really theirs.
Hey China, you are the most hated country in the world! You have no real friends in the world. The russians, iranians, and N koreans probably hate you more than even the USA. Your asian neighbors hate you the most. You think you can challenge the US navy when we have friends around the world and many n your own back yard. Heck, you stupid chinese fools can't even get along with the Japanese! The USA were attack by Japan and we are now allies with them. Goes to show the USA knows how to make friends even with previous enemies. You chinese liars are not trusted and despised by all the world. Your patheitc paper tiger military was found to be liars an incompetent. you claimed to hear the black box pingers with hand held surface detectors!! you idiots! Anyone with a basic scientific knowledge knows that is impossible and yet you stupid chinese fools thought ou could lie about it and get away with it.
If you think Japan is now friends with US think again fist chance they get they will get even with US and don't you forget that?
Oh come on U2, your comment is a lot of hyperbole. In the end love and hate between nations often boils down to "show me the money".
Just look at these most recent comments..The US knows how to make friends? So far, that has translated largely into borrowing money from China to buy friends with. How about reliable allies? arcaneone
But then again China is not planning to be the policeman of the world. At this moment at least, everything they plan is for defensive purposes. Their defense budget is about 10% that of the US yet the US is pretending to be worried about their military spending.
It does seem like if they keep the 'People's Liberation Army' in charge of the navy than their navy will always be a secondary priority.
Which one do the Yanks support out of all these Asians?
Meanwhile, a news source in Pakistan is reporting that Australia has found a satellite image of the plane underwater.
They knew, they just didn't tell anyone. There's a difference.
OH, so I guess there's no difference to you. MORON
The Chinese are searching for the plane, the US media is talking about wars and Chinese expansionism. And I thought only the articles about Russia were incendiary.
They cant even build an aircraft carrier that works yet. Japan had six in the beginning of WW2...seventy some years ago...and Japan was behind America and England. Hell...if little Belgium or Denmark absolutely had to have an aircraft carrier, I bet you any money they could get one operational before China gets theirs done.
Mandy - another American with an eight-year-old brain
Yeah, I have an eight year old brain. You are so clever C.
Find the plane already and stop with the propaganda stories.
A news source in Pakistan is reporting that Australia has found a satellite image of the plane underwater. It was on Twitter.
You don't have to have bases. In fact bases are a liability because they cost lots of money to maintain and are immobile targets that cannot move to avoid attack or capture. A good example are the Ukrainian bases in Crimea. The only ones that are "Safe" are those located in already friendly allies. So what you do need are staunch allies who need you as much as you need them but even then get several.
Duh! Why do you think we keep friends in far away places? You must have been a rocket scientist in another life.
Many wars have been lost underestimating the enemy. China can hold their own. Strength in numbers. Average education far in excess of US. A good fighter shows a false vulnerability. Right before the upper cut.
Maybe the Chinese can start by being a good neighbor and stop bullying their regional partner. Instead of establishing good will with their partners in the region, they are raising tensions and starting an arm race by Japan. This is not what I call a way to make yourself appealing. Those countries (a lot of them ) will never allow the Chinese to sail in their ports especially in time of war.
Plus their carrier flagship is an outdated Russian ship. Plus their own citizens want out of China.
The way things are going now, by 2050 the US Navy will be a kayak, a few rowboats, and some jet skis. 17 trillion in debt. You think others will keep lending US more and more forever? You think Washington DC will actually change and spend money wisely?
Our money, jobs and tax base went to China.....
Not like China owns Panama, the Canal, and much of the Caribbean. No telling what else is 'theirs' that the Media won't talk about. If you believe anything the ObamaMedia claims, it's your own fault.
Its not Obama's media ! Your thinking way too small.
Back to the article above. What is the military vulnerability of China? The question of China's surface naval force is moot. Their communist expansion is unparalleled, yet tainted with regional mistrust. So, can China mount an offensive? Where? How? Why? More importantly, what defensive capabilities has China? Face is everything. Not an easy task to bring a four thousand plus year culture of a billion people into a modern world. All the global economic might does not replace visual presence. China struggles to show strength on military terms while it banks billions on manufacturing. Producing the worlds largest supply of device clones while supplying components to the copyright holders of the same devices. Almost laughable that they are, at the same time, portrayed as backwards or slow regarding military. With the help of bankers worldwide, China is emerging inexorably. A billion low wage workers is a powerful weapon in this modern world. The losers will be the consumers of greatest depth. Warfare is now fought unflinchingly in the market. Bullets are getting old while soldiers are busy consuming the (supposed) enemies' products. The battle has always been in the market. We give our kids lives to keep ideals. Same ideals every parent on earth wants to uphold. Bankers and lawyers are the enemy. Later.
only in the case of oil, so the excuse goes, but china has always been a defensive people not offensive, the case that Japanese has put on them at least four times in the last five hundred years. The Great Wall was built to keep the Manchurian horde out.
You used a lot of big words correctly, Yet, in the end, your post had no substance whatsoever...later.
@enough already, try replying with contextual argument instead of using a few words to dismiss valid questions. Did I use big words? Really? Thanks for approving my diction, but that's not at issue. That you disagree with my post is no reason to blow it off. In the end, you insult your ability to take me on. I put plenty of thought and substance into my post and never sought agreement. Just placing some ideas. I'll lose sleep over your reply...not.
@Robert, primarily defensive? Read up on Ho Chi Min trail, Cambodia, Laos. China is big due to offense. The "Wall" was an internal matter and does nonetheless show resolve and control. Our navy is a modern day wall, though fluidly dynamic (forgive the unintended puns)
Good point. There is a great deal of sabre rattling that goes on as rising powers prove their mettle and stir up domestic nationalism to support their aims. It stands to reason that aggression towards your largest markets, USA and Europe, would be a sure route to economic suicide. One day, years from now, we'll see whether territory in the Ukraine was worth the political fallout and slide of Putin's Ruble. I suspect China's interests lie more in securing stable sources of fossil fuels as their consumption skyrockets.
Hmmm, Robert, do you know the basic ideas of communism? Karl Marx, Engels? It is offensive to the extreme, defensive only in that it mandates adherence. I'm a little worried that the western populace does not understand China. Ironically, it was a Chinese General, Sun Tzu, (The Art of War) who stated "know your enemy" and other ideas such as "the enemy of my enemy is my friend". The Chinese are a clever bunch and maintain inscrutability as a rule in most levels of society as do most Asian cultures. Respecting an opponent is the first step to destroy them or assimilate them.
@myl, China was not on the offense but on the defense for the VietCong and yes to Communism, called world history class in college. VietCong was the offender and the Vietnamese South was the defender where the USA was assisting defending the south but was on the offense against the intruding Viet Cong, so Myl hoped I assisted in getting your matters together.
Hostility and bullying will never do China any good among its neighbors. It should change its approach to that of a friendly, magnanimous, and cooperative one, if it wants to be perceived like the West.
Rod, are you an American, the U.S. never bullied anyone, weren`t hostile to any nation, who wants to be perceived like the USA.
The main threat emanating from China to other countries can be eliminated if these other countries avoid eating, drinking or buying anything that comes from China.
So you're telling them not to eat, drink or buy anything then...good plan.
The USA is funding China's NEW NAVY along with everything else in China so WHY NOTjust share their bases with them and or just give them a few so they wont have to suck anymore chinese dixks !
Keep supporting the Walmart billionaires, and watch America die.
China has money. They will take over old US ports where people are poor and desperate. Money talks and we don't have much of it since Obama has been giving it to China!!
The world should sink the communist navy while it has a chance. And quit buying their slave wage junk thats puts the free worlds factories out of business.
China's dominance is dependent 100% on exporting junk. Japan rose to the same dominance as China, only to fall into a decades long depression. Why? China is on the same path.
China supplies the USA what it wants and orders, junk is what your big American companies orders because they want to continually take your money and supply you with shoddy products, they listen to you complain while they smile all the way to the bank.
The plane is NOT in the ocean! When will people realize it was hijacked to a deserted airfield in Pakistan or Iran, the passengers are dead, and the plane will be eventually used as a weapon.
Well, if China expects to "make friends" and receive ports of call from nearby countries, then they must stop acting like an #$%$ country and start acting A LOT more friendly to these nearby countries if THEY expect to GET the ports of call. They are too greedy.
America has more 11 aircraft carriers which is more than the REST OF THE WORLD COMBINED. Any nation considering conventional warfare against our Navy will wind up UNDERWATER. They had better have O2 tanks with them.
Aircraft carriers are just expensive slow moving targets. Complete waste of taxpayers money. Ironically, UNDERWATER is where you want to be spending your military budget. If MH370 teaches us anything is that anything UNDERWATER is tough to locate. Subs are where it's at.
Carriers are of course powerful, but a lucky hit can prevent carriers from launching an air strike at a critical moment, evenif the ship remains capable of maneuvering. Beyond which, the US is locking itself into a technology that cost us heavy losses in Vietnam.
One technical nuke per carrier group: that's 11 nukes. Carriers are totally vulnerable in all out war.
Yeah, because we're spending BILLIONS of dollars to look for an airplane that we could find in a heart beat by simply rewinding our global video of air traffic and WATCHING it take off, and WATCHING where if flew to. You people still thinking the government doesn't know EXACTLY where this plane is are complete morons.
We already do, corporate big shots send our people over there to teach them i.e. Boeing.
Does anyone really believe that a modern day war with China is going to involve naval battles? They're going to fire MISSILES people, and for that you don't need any friendly bases or ports.
I think we have to be ready for a lot of different features. They will probably seek to push on our forces where we are least ready. arcaneone
Highly unlikely that a conflict w China would escalate to nuclear engagement. Several declassified U.S. government reports give historical estimates that the Chinese nuclear stockpile consists of between 150 and 160 warheads. We have 1500 ready to go, and we also have missile defenses that could stop possibly half the incoming Chinese missiles. They could really hurt the US with a nuclear strike, potentially killing millions, but they would be completely and utterly annihilated in return, all 1.3 billion of them.
Maybe China is trying to spend more money on its economy instead of policing the world?
That's exactly what the US should do.
Maybe China does not like to kill native inhabitants for their resources like the western imperialists have been so fond of doing for the past 500 years. Good news though, the west is in decline.
Robert & Romulus why don't you leave the west. Go where you will be more appreciated. I'm sure China will take you in.
LOL. Why tell people to leave when they speak an inconvenient truth? If anything, the west needs more people with enough balls to tell it like it is.
this demonstrates the "point" of all those years of foreign aid cash-we do have all these offshore ports that act as massive strategic multipliers. China has not done so, and will have to either invest a whole lot more in a short time, or take them thru force.
Who is going to invade China? They have the Hydrogen Bomb! Indonesia? Obama? Anything that is made in China is going to break down in combat in a matter of days. Save a rifle and a billion men China annot wage war against anyone but the Tibetans. And GOd help them if they take on the Vietnamese.
your outlook is inspiring and funny at the same time.........but, all too true.........stay informed and keep at it.
Meanwhile, meanwhile anything new with finding this plane?
In the meantime, China has #$%$ off ALL of it's Asian neighbors!
OK Obama you blooming idiot you gave a way the internet ,our respect , OUR ECONOMY now why not give the Chinese some of our bases!
When US soldiers conducting their invasion in Iraq, it highlighted a strategic headache for White house - its lack of friendly Iraqis to accept them as a friendly 'savior'. US soldiers were caught by Iraqis for their aggression, and literally cut-throat by Iraqis who fought against the 'white' enemy. As the foot-long-dagger pierced through the US soldier throat, blood spill out like burst hose. Hundreds of Iraqis cheered and display victory over their enemy. And as the dagger made a rough sawing outward from the blood filled neck, young Iraqis learned that 1. some white men may be tall and strong, but our knives can also reach their throats. 2. the world can stand up against western white bullies like the US and their so-called dog- Japan.
Hey moron I guess you forgot you got your #$%$ kicked already. May you eat #$%$ and pork with the hand you wipe your #$%$ with, then go in hell.
Their 'cow tongue' is going longer and licking all islands of small countries in South China sea. Vietnam is losing lands and islands to China by exchange of the regime support and protection from China.
If CHINA truly wants to find MH 370 , CHINA would have used all CHINA's power to take the lead to find MH 370. CHINA is not all that interested. Reasons classified. Australia gains Wealth searching for MH 370. Aircraft may never have gone SOUTH !
Don't kid yourself, they are keeping the rest hidden, not like the US. They have been eyeballing or military a long time and even closer when we are in ports and futing this search. TRUST NO ONE!
China has a logistics problem throughout its military services. There is an insufficient airlift capability as well as a deficient overland resupply infrastructure. While China has a sufficient merchant marine, it has few military resupply and refueling ships. Outside its borders China is limited despite building up its combat capability.
Why negotiate for bases when you can just take them?
As if this wasnt known already. Russia has similar but smaller problems. Same thing with friendly air fields.
China just needs to keep selling their junk to the American consumer and before you know it they will have the assets to buy access to any port in any country.
As far I know they're not welcome in the Philippines...
Most of products that are made are now made in China. I am sure the Chinese can influence the nations with this in mind.
Now that we knot about this strategic vulnerability we should attack them and completely obliterate them before they get around to fixing it.
And the first of Pavlov's dogs speaks.
Please tell me you won't breed. Please.
And he is joined by another one. Arf and arf.
Kinda sobering to think of. We have bases but just how dependable are some of these in a time of real crisis? My case in point would be the PI, although I understand negotiations are under way for using some of their facilities again.
@Boyd, ummm fella, why dont you come to the PI sometime and you will see that the people here are more USA friendly than nearby MEXICO! and any other S American country for that matter. The Filipinos LOVE Americans, the Japanese and Koreans only Tolerate them! GO leave your parents basement for a month and see for yourself!
Why mention the PI? What evidence do you have that they would be unreliable?
Didn't the PI ask us to leave in a recent time? I enjoyed the PI when visiting there but apparently there is a disconnect between the people and their representatives. As for Mexico, I think you will find the same situation. The locals are very friendly but govs and cartels make it a little shaky.
The PI closed the last US military base over a decade ago - the one at Subic Bay. But they've still let our navy ships port there, just not have a permanent US military base. And we're in talks to reopen some sort of military base there. So they're as nice to us as other countries (Australia, etc.) that let us port.
I wasn't aware that we still ported there, but as mentioned I did read that negotiations were underway. Ironic though that it takes a outside threat to open negotiations.
China cannot feed or house their teeming population but they can somehow find the money to expand their military presence in the Pacific. Just like Russia cannot build a good toaster but tanks and submarines they have aplenty.
soon china can be the world police. and the us can go on a long vacation
I hope obama does not get this information . He may start to shut down our network of supply bases or just sell them to China.
This story has nothing to do with the search for Malaysia 370. It has an ulterior motive. China aside, what has the technology, "knowhow", and "experts" of ANY country on earth, including the US, accomplished in finding a jumbo jet with over 200 people aboard? All I see are many so-called "experts" getting paid huge bucks day after day on CNN. I don't know very much about aviation, but I know as much as they do.
well chinese people as they have been brainwash, to be smart, sneaky and thieves, they think that makes them superior… the truth chinese very insecure of what they are.. that is why when they immigrate to other country, they want to be in group and create their little town, because they are scared and does not know how to live in a civilized, diversified society… true chinese has never never win a war against other races other than themselves, from the Mongols, Russian, Japanese, Vietnamese, the Indians all these wars, the chinese came out the loser…. to the present, the chinese may have the man power, but they don't have the INTELLECT, HEART and COURAGE to WIN A WAR…the only way chinese could inflict against her enemies is to use her sneaky and surprise attacks. but then like I said they don't have the characteristics to hold on for long and bloody war…
I seem to recall the Chinese overwhelming the Indian forces in their brief border war some decades back near the top of the world. Also, massive Chinese forces pushed UN troops back to the starting point in the Korean War. Yes, both successes followed surprise attacks. How the Chinese troops would fare when we know they're coming might be different.
Have you been to China to see that with your own eyes or are you a Fox news addicted? You are mumbling about something you have no idea. Please don't under estimated any country. You might repeat history all again ... .
Is it really the case? what about the Korean war please?
Maybe if they Chained together all of the people in the land they could form some sort of "people bridge" to the ships. It seems their only true natural resource remaining is their abundance of Humans!! Time to start playing nice and forgive your neighbors for their trespassing! After all, Most of that treachery was over 70 years ago. Let it be China!!!
Seems like all of you have forgotten about JAPAN. They also have been involved with disputes with China. If Japan so chooses to build a Navy they could easily be a Major PowerHouse in the area. They are certainly more advanced in Technolgy & Industry. Japan could also be a serious threat to the Russian Navy. They have certainlly have given the U.S. auto industry a run for the Money.
More advanced in technology and industry? Sure, perhaps in consumer electronics, but military matters involve numerous factors that they do not at an advantage in relative to China which, by the way, has topped 2013 as the fastest growing naval power.
Opportunities for American companies to make money, helping Chinese build up their capability. Of course, that gives us an added advantage.
Yes give the old tech that their little spies in Canada and Us u's are trying to get back to China.
In Real Time - They are Called TRATORS
So let's help build-up other armies/navies/etc., simultaneously turning them into threats in the near and long term, then milk the US taxpayer when the inevitable drums of war start beating...Oh to be a defense contractor...What a wonderful scam.
Nobody wants China's greedy manipulative government for a friend. This is the true cost of Chinese colonialism.
Maybe the Chinese don't act or think like the Americans do. Maybe the Chinese are not into world military domination like the Americans are. Maybe they think it's not worth their buck. Has anyone thought about that? Case in point, in the Ming dynasty, even when Zhen He's navy went as far as Africa, they didn't colonize anyone. It was just a commercial visit as they say today.
China's air will kill them before they ven get close. Last I saw when I was in China, it is awful and not going to get better. This is the most significant thing hurting China's long term prospects for anything.
I can't believe China's modern sonar to acquire the signal from the black box of flight 370 is a handheld device. I got one of those effective finding fish, never used yet but it was also made in China.
But notice the black box that's supposed to be sending out the signal was made in the US. It's also handheld and has handles on it.
There is a Chinese saying of a poor man with a rich facade: "Beat up one's face to look plumb and well-fed rich man", that's Washingtonians. Policeman of the World, world's military power with a hollow shell.
As long as we continue to elect shitty leaders China will win.
Win what? They may have many of our jobs. But the place is still at a much lower living standard than we have here. Take a trip..., see for yourself.
China is not a friendly government.
Friendly is objective and depends on which side you are standing on. USA always think they are numero uno and anyone not on their side is an enemy. A person not supporting you need not be your enemy.
So if they are "friendly" with someone where and who are they?
China has no friends and is hated in the South East Asian region. Why? Because it is greedy, trying to grab or steal islands that are near and belong to neighbors. All it needs now is for these neighbors to get together to let this bully know that the neighbors are not allowing it.
It's not a strategic use for China. The potential areas of conflict are all in East and Southeast Asia, of which China's logistics capabilities is more easily satisfied.
Since we buy our electronics from China, how can we say we are superior in anything? That is just arrogant as usual, Yahoo writers are so stupid. I read so much propaganda on here, it makes me sick. Every day some ego feeding article, some head tripping description of how the USA is so superior, that is makes me want to puke. I've been trying to read other news pages, but they don't let you comment. Is it really better to have the right to comment on bad articles as opposed to not being allowed to comment on reasonable ones? Other than that, I think the plane has been kidnapped, I think they sent the black box flying in another plane, What if the plane kept flying at its normal direction, so where could it have landed? Assume it just went without any turn, where could it have landed?
With the current false claim of international water as their own pond, any nations dare to host a China Navy base? If they do, soon, Chinese will be all over their country and protected by China forces on their own land and before they know it, everything, economy and military, is controlled by Chinese. US has no territorial ambition, but cant say so with China. China is on the mood of territorial expansionism.
It is so gratifying to read a comment from someone here @Yahoo News who recognizes the rubbish doled out by Yahoo News. And Yahoo does not identify one when one does not write a 'cheerleader' comment. One becomes A Yahoo user. I am a frequent Yahoo user and I ignore the #$%$ and concentrate on the News content.
If China builds their ships to the same quality standards as the junk they export to the U.S. markets they will all fall apart in 2 years or less.
Isolationist China does not need outside bases. The doctrine of isolating one's country from the affairs of other nations by declining to enter into alliances, foreign economic commitments, international agreements, etc., seeking to devote the entire efforts of one's country to its own advancement and remain at peace by avoiding foreign entanglements and responsibilities
"Beijing - its lack of offshore bases and friendly ports to call on." I know its hard for China but try to make some friends in your neighborhood. Stop claiming the world, stop invading your neighbors and stop bullying and maybe a few ports will open up.
Give Obama time, he will screw it up like everything else he's done.
History shows that any nation getting into bed with China finds it impossible to get out again.
China will solve these problems long before they are a real issue. China uses it's Military for defense. We use ours for offence. No wonder our analyst are perplexed.
China's first carrier, the Liaoning, a Soviet-era ship bought from Ukraine in 1998 and re-built in a Chinese shipyard, is being used for training and is not yet fully operational. A ship thats at least 25 years old that they've had for 16 years isn't fully operational yet? I thought they were better than that at getting things in order.
Guess how old the B-52 bombers are. arcaneone
Ted: It was only worked on for the last two years. China is not trying to threaten the U.S. or anyone. Americans think people wake up every morning, look in the mirror, and ask themselves; "So, how can I test America's resolve today?" Americans are so full of themselves.
Russia was about to scrap the Liaoning; The Chinese acquired it and made extensive modifications for two years. I don't know where you got the 25 year and 16 year figures from. And I agree with Mike; I really don't think the Chinese are as power-hungry as many people believe; they can be quite unreasonable at times, but they're not that belligerent.
John, i had no idea how long it was worked on- wasn't interested, but they've owned it more than 2 years. I don't think china plans to attack us- we owe them too much money. That's also why i figure the govt wants us to believe they are planning to attack us. R- it's been 16 years since 1998 I believe. Forgotten when the Soviet Union broke up, but its been more than 16
The whole conflict with China nonsense is just a bunch of right wing paranoia. One third of their farmland is now polluted beyond use, their buildings are designed to last about 20-35 years, their population hates the government and are treated like slaves (lets see how long some over-hyped bureaucrats can keep over a billion people down), and they can't even see each other through the smog. They are no future superpower. They are a paper tiger on its way into the bonfire. I would worry much more about an ungovernable middle east and that dick in Russia. China needs us much more than we need them. A bag of wet kittens is a bigger threat.
You have a way with words!
"....their buildings are designed to last about 20-35 years, their population hates the government and are treated like slaves." And yet they are having an unprecedented increase in private ownership of business, which would obviously fly in the face of typical left wing bovine excrement, hence the source of your acrimony!
True and they will use their military as a tool to cut down their own population.
@Snowdog. Their success is based on the destruction of their environment and the enslavement, murder, and control of their own people. You have to play the % game when you talk about any gains to their population, and even then they are near the bottom of the income ladder. My favorite part is that you rip the left for ripping communism. The right wing of the US, fascist Russian dictators, and Chinese communists have become one big happy family. You should all be expelled as traitors. You are truly a very stupid human being.
We need to boycot Chinese imports NOW to keep China from buiding their military any further. It is our American dollars that is making them so strong and if we don't satrt ding something now it will be too late..
But won't those American dollars eventually have to come back to the US? I mean, it's like America is like Chuck-E-Cheese and China has a bunch of Chuck-E-Cheese tokens. The thing about Chuck-E-Cheese tokens is that they're only good at Chuck-E-Cheese.
Dave - I Don't buy Chinese , Mexican - or Candian either.What in the world does Cananda produce anyway? And if you say oil that is ok because i only buy Valero which is one of the only fuel companies onthe US that does not use imported oil.
It's good to hear that our Navy has been so successful with the PR necessary to keep so many strategic bases open.
Let's keep borrowing from China so we can build a bigger Navy.
That's what happens when you've never had a navy, no ports, no tradition, no nothing. The Japanese would make mincemeat of them in a war. The Samurai spirit is part of their DNA, which they have repressed since 1945. They've tried to make up for it with manufacturing, which is a poor substitute.
Nobody should be even remotely surprised at China's inability to supply or maintain infrastructure. Their entire arsenal and technological structure depends on their zero days and ability to steal with it
With this search that has been going on now for quite some time is any navy charting the areas of the oceans that they are searching for the airliner?Surely there is some kind of way to do this. And why in the world is China sending warships for a search and or rescue mission?
Proof that China is still a Third World Nation with a Third World military. The US Military is 1,000 times more powerful.
Afghanistan is third world too...What's taking the powerful US so long to defeat a couple of guys in turbans with a few AK-47s?
And this Neanderthal Navy is what we are spending hundreds of billions of dollars to defend against? I think we should spend some of that wasted money on infrastructure and compete with China economically.
I'm not surprised to see people who don't want to compete economically with the rest of the world.
As long as China keeps trying to steal territory from ALL of her neighbors, there will be no friendly ports available.
What happens when the buy 200 miles of US coastline?
The US annexed Hawaii and Guam among many countries. And it stole Diego Garcia as well.
Every nation in the region knows what co-operation with the Chinese brings. Mountains of skulls in Cambodia, to the starvation state of North Korea, to the Filipino fishermen being driven from their islands in the South China Sea. Every nation knows that if China hold out flowers, it is a veiled threat of thorns.
China it seems is not having any problems stringing their "pearls" America has been SOLD OUT! and now China owns Long beach huge naval deep water port.China is now denying US citizens access to the base as they dismantle the port.Whoever allowed this ought to be hung from the yard arm and shot for "TREASON"
No nation should trust China byoffering a port. China will eventually claim it as its sovereign territory and bully the country out. China is power hungry and cannot wait until the USA dies.
What an interesting propaganda article. At nowhere do they mention that the US has done any better in finding the 777.
I'm an American, dumba##. With all of the Gestapo laws the US Gov't places on EVERYTHING, you'd think they'd force Boeing to install more technologically advanced tracking systems on these things, wouldn't you?
China is going to be America's next big threat and that is well known by our military leaders. (not Obama) That being said, at present they have a hard time finding their posterior with both hands.
One of our fast attack boats could knock out every supply ship they have in a matter of days. So much for resupply.
I don't believe that I am an Idiot but I served this country in War and War is a terrible thing. I believe that if any aggressive Country realizes that we have the capability to cripple them at any time, they will think twice before they do something stupid. Oh, by the way have you served your Country?
That's the way. Sucker China into expanding it's military and spending lots of cash to do it. given enough time, they will go bankrupt, just like the US, and start borrowing to feed the military machine. And to justify the large military, they have to come up with some wars here and there, just like the US. They can actually be better off NOT spending on the military.
Africa and South America are prime pieces of real-estate that both Russia and the Chinese have been working hard and developing stronger ties and relationships.
I don't see any bases in any of those countries!
No doubt the GOP's Wall Street and Corporate America can't wait to profit from this latest problem of the People's Republic of China's commie capitalists, just as they have done since 1981. To bad about America's middle class.
Chinese military vessels would be vulnerable and easy to torpedo because they navigate at a slant.
The only way that they will have ports to resupply are from the countries that are taken over by COMMUNIST RED CHINA.
I've never met anybody who have a positive impression about Chinese products. I'm just saying.
How many of us are using computers made in China for the forum?
No matter what the other guys have, the U.S. military might needs to be at least two to three times bigger and stronger to make sure the other guys don't get too cocky and pushy!
China will own Australia by the end of this century.
No country will be around by then....
but is it a good buy?
With a commander in chief like Obama, 3rd world challenges all around the world shouldn't have any trouble catching up.
Iraq and torture, did not prove how tough Republicans are.. it showed how aimless they are.
Why don't we sell China the US Navy, heck let's sell them the entire US military, they've got enough of our money to buy it. Then maybe taxpayers can get some relief for a change.
We, the people, who know the last. Washington knows 50 years before us. Nothing new
China is buying up america....houses and factories and businesses. They are moving in. Last summer at Bush gardens 5 young adults from china college age, were in line and moving in and out , breaking in line , laughing really loud, taking in their language, finally someone told them in loud english to stop breaking in line and being so loud or they were going to inform a park attendant and have them removed. a policy Bush gardens has if your a trouble maker then out of the park you go. not another word from those kids. is this the actions from most people from china, being loud and rude? If so I dread them being in america
That's true. Saw them in Vancouver being loud and also breaking in line.
Throw a eggroll into the parking lot and watch them scatter and chase it.
Funny this is what the rest of the world think about American too. Loud and disrespectful. I am not kidding.
Hell they have money we need to worry about the Mexican's it sounds like your talking about them
Jesus Christ ! When I was young, I thought that the British people loved to make loud noise, such as Beatles songs --- very loud ---- with their Yeh Yeh Yeh lyrics (except "Yesterday"). And Cliff Richard were not far behind. So, today, the British people cannot stand loudness ?????? Strange. Mozart only?
Roger you make my point and I forget you are a liar too. I never saw an american living in Europe saying that because they learning something making them better people. Good try but if you cannot take the truth just stay out of the comments.
They were probably kids from. Chicago
I'm sure westerners are all prim and quiet gentlemen.
With its bullying tactics, its ludicrous claims, its lies and propaganda, its greed, China has precious few friends. Even Vietnam is not a friend b/c of disputes over the South China Sea though Vietnam, like N. Korea, is a vassal state. The only friend China has is Pakistan. Thus China has hardly any port of call.
Oh..so is this an early admittance that China are the ones you will be blaming when 370 suddenly 'reappears' for your next false flag attack? I would have thought it would have been Russia or Iran. Go figure.
No one is going to trust China, they lie almost as much as the Muslims when it suits their plans. It's a slave economy and the methods they use to keep the slaves down just don't work with other countries.
During WWII, the United States laughed off the Japanese invasion threat, saying that the tiny island nation cannot even make a decent aircraft let along wage a war, look what took them to end the war with Japan, two nuclear bombs dropped in on civilian populated areas of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Now, we're talking about a country with its population scattered throughout the globe and not counting on it native population, can the United State round up all the Chinese citizens now living in America and put them in a concentration camp, much like it did back then? Let's not be counting our chickens before they're hatched, especially when they are aggressively pushing to fund and expand their military and looking to control the Pacific, while we are cutting our budget and are counting on our allies to pick up after us.
Japan hhad 4 carriers at the time, and the USA was ill-prepared (isolationists at the time)... apples and oranges.
How is rounding up scattered Chinese part of a viable defense strategy? You must be really old?
I don't get it. Are you thinking that this is a war between USA and China alone? Then I say you must be stupid.
Cutting our military budget? Are you efffing stupid? We spend more on our military and defense than next 14 top countries. STFUwarmongerer. If we do go to war with China and the local Chinese act out they will be taken care of. Until the day that this country takes all our gun rights away we will be safe. First, China can't reach us without being detected and blown the F out of the water before they get close enough. Secondly, China doesn't want war with us because they own a majority of this country already because of our sell out leaders and I just don't mean Obama for all you #$%$ out there that blame him for everything. The selling out of this country has been going on for years and years by both sides.
China and Japan have been at each others throats for the last thousand years. We could pay back a portion of the debt owed to China by letting them have some of the bases over there such as Diego Garcia without serious damage to our strategic aims.
The United States dropped two nuclear bombs at Japan to end its ruthless invasion or its last bit of hope that it could still use China as a hostage asap. From this perspective, we appreciate what the U.S has done and sacrificed to end the war, the massacre. However, personally i am disappointed that with a best education system in the world can an American citizen comes up with such a biased suggestion to 'round up all the Chinese in U.S in a concentration camp'. I hope you are just representing yourself or you are pulling down an average IQ around your neighbors.(拉低了整条街的智商）
You seem to ignore the FACT, that it's been 67 years since China defeated the Nationalist forces who fled to Taiwan, since then the PRC has threatened, fired artillery at Taiwan, and every decade or so said it will be a couple of more years and they will take Taiwan! But in reality all the PRC has been is a PAPER TIGER, who can only defeat unarmed farmers in China and Buddhist monks in Tibet, in the 1980s LITTLE Vietnam DEFEATED the HUGE Chinese Army, prior to that in Korea, the Chinese Army was readily defeated by UN forces. Today the PLA is a large Army which has NO combat experience other than against Vietnam, who defeated them! In ground warfare, experience counts far more than the oppositions size!
@DON: WE owe NO debt to China! The couple of trillion they INVESTED will be repaid with inflation dollars, worth but a fraction of what they loaned to us! If they ever go to War with us, the debt will be declared NULL & VOID, after they are defeated!
@khiem: Your comments are filled with flaws, objective conjectures, disrespects to history. Don't wanna waste my time correcting all your mistakes. Google the facts, please!
Oh Larry no wonder why many Americans who can't find a job, and please USA can't have a proper trade with China because of the treaty he is in.
@Don don't be stupid if that happens America will bow down to China because America is too dependant to China rather than being independant. In other words all those machine parts will all be produce in China and US cannot put sanctions towards China when China wants to invade America.
Probably, some of you have not heard the news - Exclusive: U.S. waived laws to keep F-35 on track with China-made parts. So, what does that say about apples and oranges, biased, stupid and being old?
Without fuel and groceries at sea, you just as well have a rowboat. The US has refined the art of underway replenishment, or UNREP. It is a delicate operation and not one to be started from scratch and expect great results.
Wow, giving a delivery service some acronym like UNREP makes it sound much cooler than it really is. I'm gonna get on the phone now and UNREP me a domino's pizza. I've heard they've refined the art of pizza replenishment to a point where it can get here in 15 minutes.
Good article. Remember in the 80's the media was full of stories that Japan was surpassing the US.
China is doing to unions what Sherman did to Atlanta.
put a buffet in any country for starters then they get a grip on the Spanish with such low prices if you don't order a soda. next the obese, soon after big men and big black ladies , unlimited Sushi and you get the yuppies and soon your buying swiss army knives made in china at half the price next you selling the port of Miami to the chinese and there goes carnival cruise lines to canevoo clus rines relcom aboad
The Chinese would be better off learning to be friends with its neighbors than acting as a threat and a bully. But they are too stupid to understand that.
To survive Obama and his five friends from G7 General Nicole wanted to publish Tweet release.But U.S. sheep not asked me. Americans and C.I.A. already sacrificed their President and the leaders of the G-7? whether Ukraine is just an excuse for the smooth functioning of "Einstein elevator"? Ukraine is Russian-owned and Alaska too! It is the only truth!
China should focus on what they traditionally do better than anyone else: speaking loudly, squatting , spitting & chain smoking.
Oh, American corporations will oblige China shamelessly until the Crony Capitalist Kleptomaniacs of China have everything that the US once had. american corporations are a natural ally for China today - tons of pollution, endless supply of oppressed cowed workers... this is the wet dream of America's ruling 1%. If the richest echelon of Americans cannot destroy the environmental laws, the labor laws, and legal restraints they hate here in America, then they can just go and be "Chinese". The very rich will likely end up making all of America look like China.... with Republicans' help.
No, the democrats will allow Chinese ownership of our natural resources as debt payment, and this will include BLM land. Jeff Imelt, Obama's Job Czar, took GE to China. Your imperial president has his hands dirty. Marcie, you ever get a job from somebody poor? The rich made this country, and they will leave when you and your liberal friends turn us into a third world outhouse.
.....true enough....don't blame China, they just happen to have everything the rest of the planet wants....or appears to want ---- plastic plastic and more plastic. They recycle everything they sold us last year and make new stuff to sell us this year, which we will throw away so we can buy it new again next year. We are gluttons when it comes to plastic.
China is relatively rich and buying lots of companies because we began running huge federal debts during the Reagan administration. Only during the Clinton administration was there a semblance of a balanced budget, but once George W. Bush (#43) came to power the budget was busted big time. So, I agree with Steven below!
We won't make it to 2050, at least not as imagined. Mad Max will look like a Bambi Movie.
Has China ever been a fan of imperialism?
With current behavior of China leaders whose goal is to intimidate any nation with weaker defense, who will ever trust China. Many Chinese citizens don't even trust their own leaders to give them rights enjoyed by other citizens of the world. China leaders have never known peaceful coexistence. They even betray Chinese citizens by making their family and relatives very rich while the ordinary Chinese suffer and die from air pollution.
China doesn't need the trust of your little country, just your obedience.
Well, it would be kinda difficult to intimidate any nation with a STRONGER defense, so wouldn't you agree that China is being logical if that is indeed what they are doing? The solution is for your country to build a STRONG navy stop depending other countries to pay for your country defense. Also, stop whining on Yahoo about your country's lack of strength, cuz that solves nothing.
". . . extensive network of full bases - Japan, Guam and Diego Garcia - buttressed by formal security alliances and access and repair agreements with friendly countries . . ." Guam . . . really ???? Guam is a PART of the United States . . . no 'special arrangements' needed there . . . those living on Guam - as well as those of the Northern Mariana Islands - are American citizens by birth.
indeed a or the strategic blank for china sea power objective ! right now, china with very large cargo fleets are defending themselves with molotove cocktails n beijing is considering carrier n supply vessels too, but still thinking merely port for a while. indeed, china clearly is blank on this important strategy. the central land never think far, lack of adventures thinking. but china loves short stay in the moon !
China will never colonize any other one even if China is catching up with US in the future. There are two things. One is that Chinese people believe in Confucianism. As an ethical and philosophical system, Confucianism has been the main religion of China since 500 BCE, which is the cornerstone of the traditional Chinese culture. The core of Confucianism is nothing other than humanism. As you know, China did not colonize any other country, particularly during the periods when China was leading to be the most powerful nation in the globe several centuries ago. The other is that China has not been a communist country any more since 1978. For the conflict between communist and western liberal, it's none of China's affairs at all. Nowadays China has been doing two issues, improving the environmental pollution and shoveling the fugitive corruption, which have been as paramount to China's government.
The good chinese are already dead. Mao killed them all!
Wrong. Chinese didn't pursue their colonization as they have a generation-long internal problems of rebellions and revolutions from different areas in China. The government had been busy disciplining their people to be united. Many Chinese died more from their internal wars compared to wars outside China. So now they are trying to "catch up" with the other G10. The strategy is bullying their neighboring countries.
Netizen, The traditional Chinese culture can never be cut off by any individual person, even by the emperor, Qin Shi-huang, in Dynasty Qin, about 200 BCE. Please see the cambridge history of China for it. The Chinese people raised by the traditional culture have been always alive as new generations.
Abby, what you said can be very different if you take a little time to check the Cambridge history of China or if you take a glimpse of what is current in China at the present time.
I just wrote what I read from a historian analyst. The history of the world doesn't revolve just in Cambridge history of for~publicity~purposes...people read from other articles too and there are thousands of them...and nobody tells me what to do..btw I have the freedom to write my opinion.
China's worst enemies are those that live within the country's borders.
Americas worst enemies are those countries with WMDs..well, not really, but it gives us an excuse to attack them and take their oil.
I live in China, and I would estimate at least 98% of all Chinese suport China whole-heartedly. Don't make ridiculous stasements when you have no knowledge whatsoever.
@SilverTonguedDevil: When China totally destroys her air, and the growing of food drops, and the ensuing pollution and inability to govern fails, then see the realization that indeed China's worst enemies are and will be those that live within the country's borders.
the little slant eye want all the money and they can have all the death that go with it !! lol
China's greatest problem is the rapid rise of income inequality, especially between the rural areas and the cities.
I do agree that this "highlighted" the issue but it was a very well know issue. It doesn't matter how large you Army or your Navy if you are unable to resupply them. The same with the North Koreans and their million man military; while an initial attack/barrage would be massive, their inability to sustain their forces will result, quickly, in their demise. The same holds true for China. Paper tiger.
Big difference is that the US has proven repeatedly that they will pay in blood and treasure to protect their alliances and the liberty of their allies, including China. What has China done?
yesterday's allies USSR and Chins, today's Japs and German
We have proven we will protect our economic interests. That is about it.
We get it!! It's hard to not get it when yahoo news keeps repeating the same tired theme daily like a record stuck in a groove. We get it!!!. America is big and strong. China is scared of America. North Korea is bad. Russia is bad. Syrian president is evil. Japan is nice blah blah blah blah! !! There must be other interesting headliners out there but the editor is a war-head stuck in 1945.
Stop reading and commenting on these articles peter if your so tired of yahoo and the news
Yahoo is the most strident leftwing propagandist in the US. Yahoo promotes homosexual rights (whatever they are) daily. They promote drug use, especially weed, EVERY DAY! Yahoo is staffed with leftists who seek the decline and eventual destruction of the US--that is the antithesis of "1945 mentality". They are tireless proponents of Obama and ALL his failed policies. They can't get enough of this guy.
@Jim - you feel that way about yahoo, yet you are still on here reading and commenting on their articles. I'm sure Fox news would suit you better
Kenneth would love it if my views were silenced. Libs can't tolerate an opposing view. They are often defeated in the arena of ideas. I like to expose Yahoo for the leftwing propagandists they are.
Wow. A comment board that has at least moderately informed comments. As far as the article is considered I find it bias in that the Chinese are the only power here demanding an independent review and not accepting the Malaysian story. The story opens by stating the Chinese sent 18 warships. That is impressive by any standard and I doubt their ability to stage their forces when push come to shove. I mean really, the Japanese were able to hit PH in 1941 w/o carrier support. The Chinese have carriers and "friends" with fuel. Also rockets & nukes. That being said the US military is superior but do we really want to engage in this strategy with our "most favored economic partner." The role of the Navy for everyone involved is to protect shipping lanes. Smoke and mirrors. I almost forgot we are taking about a missing airplane and hundreds of lives.
How did the Japanese hit Pearl Harbor without carrier support? All their planes were based on carriers, they did not fly there from Japan!
one day this econimc partner could be our enemy.....
Hell, one day Canada could be our enemy......time for us to act now and do a preemptive strike against those Canuck bastards...
@Stephen Had you not posted that comment you would not have shown how stupid you really are
the japanese had carrier support during the war my friend. many of the bloodiest battles were fought in the pacific. look it up
"Hell, we could do a pre-emptive strike against those Canuck bastards." Fine, we'll withdraw our water and oil and you Yanks can all can die of thirst ! LOL Better yet, stop patrolling the Canadian side of the border with your deputy pigs and border cops... Stay the f*ck out of Canada and stop smuggling your guns up here, too !
brain dead m.o.r.on. JohnnyGotHisGun, a zero has a range of 800 miles (1,600 one way). Hawaii is 4,000 miles from japan. how did the planes get there? SURPRISE!! CARRIERS!!!! Bother looking up the war instead of trying to make it up.
I think he was being sarcastic RJ.
The base was attacked by 353 Japanese fighters, bombers and torpedo planes in two waves, launched from six aircraft carriers. My mistake. It doesn't really change my point. By the way... the government knew they were coming, and let the Japanese attack. Same with 9/11. But I'm a brain dead moron. You can look that up!
@ FIFA So was I ! wink
Good article. Short version: most every country in Southeast Asia hates China, or, at best, grudgingly tolerates it. When talking about naval vessels needing to have friendly ports of call, China's recent bullying has really messed things up. Gee, sucks to be you, China.
Richard, move on. Even the head writer of this article was used to be a China hater.
I'm not a China "hater" (a hokey term, fit for the playground). I'm loving seeing Beijing getting its comeuppance. I've been to China four times. Great country, even better experiences with wonderful people. You?
Now the people and nations of Southeast Asia, *they* hate China. They're probably not too happy with China apologists like Mr. Kwan, either.
Let me guess, Andrew is a Chinese commentator.
Oh, sorry, forgotten to mention that I am a Chinese. And is pretty proud by it.
An advice for Richard, you should broaden your knowledge by touring around China to experience for yourself as how China has progressed. its bad thinking yourself as always the best. I have Americans friends who are doing business inside China, their experience of China is SHARP CONTRAST against yours.
Apparently the last "Commentor" above missed the part where I've been to China four times.
As for Mr. Kwan, your being "proud" of Chinese aggression in Southeast Asia demonstrates the problem China's having in Southeast Asia, which, at its core, is what the article's about.
Richard You should know by now that Chinese welcome Americans' visits. The nine dot nine was accepted by US as normal business requirements when China was ally. One day there will be standards accepted by all parties when your current visits, which facilitate communications, help. Filipinos refused to jointly develop with China but wanting outright ownerships, and louding that we are bullying them, is more for asking resources from Uncle Sam. Americans' respect to people even when they are weak and lousy, is the prize.
Other countries are beefing up while we are cutting back. To quote some of our past adversaries; "If you prepare for peace you invite aggression. If you prepare for war you keep would be aggressors in check". Better to spend the time & money to maintain what we have than to cut back to the minimum and have to play catch up later.
It also indicates a cold heart by the author. BTW, where's the all knowing NSA in this communications puzzle? And another thing , they keep sending out the "little yellow submarine" but wher are the almighty US nuke/ subs that supposedly see in the dark, and another thing, I guess SOSUS was not working that evening.
The U.S is no longer participating in the search, moron. They didn't put much effort into the search to begin with.
The U.S is no longer participating in the search, moron. They didn't put much effort into the search to begin with. They sent, I believe, one airplane to scour the ocean and then called for it to return,
They are just sitting back and watching the other countries make fools of themselves trying to pretend to have the same capabilities as the United States.
Sad, just sad. Your "moron" talk is just sad. The US should be knee deep in this. We pay for the technology, the mapping and the capability, yet nothing done. We more than likely do not have the capacities claimed. If we have the capabilities and withhold them, shame in us. And one moe Kenneth, gfys.
To survive Obama and his five friends from G7 General Nicole wanted to publish Tweet release.But U.S. sheep not asked me. Americans and C.I.A. already sacrificed their President and the leaders of the G-7? whether Ukraine is just an excuse for the smooth functioning of "Einstein elevator"? Ukraine is Russian-owned and Alaska too! It is the only truth!
To survive Obama and his five friends from G7 General Nicole wanted to publish Tweet release.But U.S. sheep not asked me. Americans and C.I.A. already sacrificed their President and the leaders of the G-7? whether Ukraine is just an excuse for the smooth functioning of "Einstein elevator"? Ukraine is Russian-owned and Alaska too! It is the only truth!
Japanese expanding their territory with the help of the U.S. may shut some ports off to the U.S.
oh yes their build up of buying or stealing information to knock off 30 years of discovery is still their number one goal.and yes they know their will always be some greedy people who have no morals or honor that will sell it.
China this and China that! It is becoming more obvious that China is picking up where America left off. And to think how different things would have been if it was the other way around with countries buying from the U.S and China buying from the U.S instead of us buying everything from China......Oh well.
You do know many of those companies in china are american companies, right? SURPRISE!!!!!
Cambodia is a good naval base for CHINA as it is direct to Subic Bay, Nyanmar is good to control the Strait of Malacca, Sri Langka is a good base to challenge Diego Garcia and West Australia, Somalia is good for CHINA to control the Suez Canal.Lastly, CHINA must deploy submarine based nuclear missiles to patrol Pacific coast near California.
A posting by a dog eater, or supporter of dog eaters.
Does anybody still think they are going to find this plane?
China will have about as much luck getting into another countries port after claiming territory or waters off there coast, as a guy asking to crash on your couch after he just robbed your house! Gotta play nice with the world China if you want them to help you out!
I hope the author realizes that Obama is going this to the US.
Cheatna (china) finally realizes it's nice make friends and not foes.
China does not need friends who stab on its back. so long chinese economy is continue to grow, no matter how powerful US military is, at the end of day, money & international trade matters more, money can buy tons of friends, but military might scarce no one!
You must be the sickest man (Filipinos) in asia who can't get u acts together for the past 70 years despite the fact Uncle Sam provides to u all the goodies and knowledge, yet u still not able to walk by u self!
Hey ...Dante! Have you and your family forgotten why you guys are? Remember: don't ever bite the hands that feed you..#$%$.
Hamo Hey ...Dante! Have you and your family forgotten why you guys are here? Remember: don't ever bite the hands that feed you..#$%$. Talking about back stabbed. Sigh!!!!!!
The White House and National Security goons want you to be afraid; afraid of the Chinese, the Russians the socialists, the tree huggers, your mother in law. The are even calling ranch families in Nevada "terrorists" for defending their property against armed feds. I know who are the real problem and it's not the Chinese and it's not Americans with guns.
Nobody wants a bully like China in their ports.
vulnerability ??? ah ah !! and why US Army try to test them . I think that US analyst diffuse the same argument before war in vietnam about the vietnamese Army . but the result : despite the vulnerability of vietnamese's Army , he little David can kick #$%$ the Goliat ( US Army ) and the invader went home with humiliation . So in order to change the history , they finance Hollywood just to produce a lot of film which shows that US soldiers are the heroes .
What the heck did you just say?
You lost your pacifier or what, dovischmuck?
The Chinese are commies mostly and will always be run by gangsters unless they become a democratic republic which would take a huge bloody revolution that will not happen anytime in the near future like a thousand years.
Give it a brake. China is a nothing naval power. They haven't got either the ability or the morale to be a 1st World Navy. Between the media scare hype and the porky little boys blowing off here, you'd think it was 1941.
So, what makes you think the next war will be conventional.? The USA with its huge military machine couldn't put N. Korea to its knees, not to mention Vietnam.......Korean war ended in a stale mate.....Vietnam was lost (I know I was there). We could have won, but Congress wouldn't back us, laid out too many rules, and refused to let us win. So, what good is the mightiest Military in the World, when Congress does nothing to support it. Who signed for those M-16's...jammed more than it fired, hard to fight a war with junk.
Correct, Japan by itself could take on China's navy.
But they do hold our bonds and could bankrupt us overnight. There's the military and then the economic option which they are better prepared to use.
The sky is not falling. The earth does revolve around the sun and... we live in a nuclear world which precludes a lot of this fantasy stuff.
Hank, Chinese holding US bonds means they traded literally boatloads of clothing, toys and cheap electronics for itty bitty little pieces of paper which we can disregard at any time. You don't think if China and the US ever went to war the first thing we would do would be to freeze and confiscate all those Chinese held bonds? Think China can come over here and get their clothes, toys and cheap electronics back?
That is a lot of Naval resources to look for a passenger aircraft. Really do wonder what or who was on that plane?
Because China don't want to be the second US who confronting with so many parties in the world. They don't want to waste money to dig nose into others business.
.This is a very good exercise for the young and immature Chinese navy. They would say thank you for letting them having a chance to get the needed real life experience. THey do not care for the present. They are working for the future. Can they catch up? Time will tell.
And the Chinese have a LONG, LONG way to go before they're even up to the US Navy's capabilities when it comes to carrier ops. It's going to be pretty funny watching lots of Chinese fighters go into the drink and crash into the ocean as they try to become proficient operating at sea.
What about Beoings? They make the plane and suppose to have their own technology to find its plane in case of the air crash. Until now I didn't see any major break through yet. Chinese is only the passenger, what are you expecting from them. You buy a car and do you know everything about the car? Use your brain to think, boy.
What? Clean up the misspellings and grammatical errors, we might have a chance of understanding that. Even so, it doesn't seem like reasonable thought went into that. It's a standard Boeing airplane, industry people are well aware of the methods of locating it, as you would know if you've bothered to follow the news at all in the past month.
Which country makes the money through the way of Killing/ Predatory/ Deception/ Occupation and Brainwashing its people day after day? it is not China
The only reason why China is searching is to create a perception that it cares... The government of China doesn't give a #$%$ about its people... If this tragedy happened in the middle of China and were not a world event ... and even 100x more people were victims.... nobody would even know...
U think US government gives a damn about chinese people ?
@dante... that's a different question. But, I will tell you the US people care... and we have shown this in real numbers. The US Government has the job of protection of US interests in a very dangerous world... but absolutely YES, the US Gov cares. The US showed this in China prior to and during WWII... but there's also the heart and soul of the USA.
@jay, Re: Your comment: "China is perceived as a bully by the world community, bullying and intimidating its neighbors over the South China Sea and East China Sea." Actually, China did/does not bully in the East China Sea. China was INVADED by Japan over its DiaoYu Islands. Our State Department and think tanks knew it all too well. We need to promote conflicts between China and Japan so that we never need to payback our debts to BOTH of them. (FYI: The Chinese DiaoYu Islands were renamed to Senkoku by Japan later.) As to the South China Sea, actually, the Philippines was the first to bully others ever since WWII when NEITHER China NOR Vietnam even have a gun boat. China and Vietnam later refused to be abused by us. Therefore, we somehow worked out a plot to engage them to fight against one another. Too bad that Vietnam has been too weak to bully China on our behalf.
Yeah right. I think u need a magnifying glass to look at the map. China claiming islands/islets 1000 mi from its shores.
Lyndon...can you mention a SINGLE EVENT when the PHILIPPINES bullied CHINA or any Asian countries since WW II.
I can't wait to see a plane take off on the carrier they got from Russia and are retrofitting with a ski jump type of deck to launch the plane instead of cables. It should be better than watching Evil Kinevil jump the gorge in the Canyon.
Thank You Greg Torode and Michael Martina You morons for letting the Chinese know there own vulnerabilities do you idiots ever think before you go off writing #$%$ online! Now they will fix it And a slight edge we may need is gone!
Now the Chicoms know what we know. Making it much more difficult to exploit that weakness.
I remember something about Chinese buying ports in many places. In times of tension, if it really matters, Chinese warships will have access to Chinese owned ports, regardless of the country.
@ ernie: Obama doesn't want to strengthen America. He wants it weak. Just like the rest of the bleeding heart liberals. They want to line their pockets at the expense of American strength internationally.
Uh oh.... the Chinese are in trouble..... if their supply lines don't go to the eastern Indian Ocean then how can they expect to deliver Chinese there? In case an international crisis arises there, how can they exert their national will on the fish and human junk in the sea? Of course, they could just pay a few trillion and buy an island or two in Malaysia, set up a port and a few Chinese take out places, and VOILA! Problem solved....not to mention the excellent birds nest soup for all those in Western Australia.
safe bet that the Chinese will have some African and Central American ports in near future. With the billions they are investing in extraction/shipping it would not be a surprise.
China may have stolen US tech. This is old school as far as our forces are concerned. The biggest problem is comparable quality control. China can not make a nuclear submarine with the skill and oversight we can. This lends itself to all their armament.
Tech is just the start, logistics, training, doctrine and tradition are the hard parts. Using the tech to its full advantage is a lot harder than stealing some blueprints. Look at all those Russian helicopters we gave Iraq just rusting away.
If China's people lined up eight across , the line would reach around the world. Maybe only the Mexicans can beat em.
in population? I hope you are kidding. Go back to India #2 and Mexico is like 11th or 12th.
Why does the US always think they are number one. Thought with recent times thoughts would have changed but nope.
Please cite where USA military tech supremacy is lacking. Recent times included.
They can have Hawaii and Obama.
Does it hurt to be so stupid?
Gee, William, I am not sure what you mean, but I like you. You sound like such a nice Democrat.
China was never a colonial power like the Western "democracies", and thus do not maintain any hold of all those indigenous peoples territories in the Pacific islands. The only time in history when China was really "aggressive", was during the Han Dynasty reaching far north into Siberia, far south into Vietnam, far west near Aral Sea; and during Yuan Dynasty under Mongol rule, when the empire stretched from Yellow Sea to the Black Sea (and beyond), and during the Manchu-led Qing Dynasty, which defined most of the borders of modern China today, although Qing Dynasty was also when Asian medieval military superiority fell behind to Western scientific progress. Not to be confused with "Qin" Dynasty, when Qinshihuang, the son of Hun people unified China under one Emperor and recombined Han culture and people with the Hun people.
Your comparing apples and oranges, also during the colonial era China was a 4th rate power with no ability to sail the oceans and create colonies, if they could have they would have. Nothing in Chinese history shows them to be peace loving or respectful of other countries rights.
They were pretty aggressive during the Korean War.
never except for about 20 long term examples.
I like your subtle sense of humor.
@andrew: which cost them a lot of lives!! They actually were fighting a UN contingent that included the US and other member countries!!! If McArthur had his way, the national language in China and North Korea today would be English!!!!
The Chinese have been at times aggressive but at all times, even during isolationist periods of their history they have always been secretive, deceptive and suspicious as a nation and culture. In fact it was this that gave them such a trade advantage during some of those dynasties. They fiercely protected the secrets to making the products they traded with other countries and cultures, while as today freely borrowing those other technologies.
During Ming Dynasty, Chinese navy sailed all the way to Africa on diplomatic missions. Their ships were 10x larger than the European ships at the time. They didn't conquer anyone and decided there was nothing out there they need before returned to China. Don't believe me, just Google Admiral ZhengHe.
Actually I think right now most smaller countries would rather have us in their backyard than China. They would trust us more than China. We aren't known to take over, and when out time is up, we leave if they don't want to renew. I don't think most smaller countries would trust that China would do that.
@ integrator, "I think" means "I was told by our own propaganda".
@ Fishless, we gave Subic Bay back to the Philippines. Where have we stayed when the government of country wanted us out, AFTER leasing to us for a base? I'm not talking about Iraq, or things like it. I'm talking about agreements for a base. We do long term agreements, we pay handsomely for them, and if an extension agreement isn't reached, we leave. Where have we forced our way to stay, other than an are we were actively at war?
So when China invaded and took control of Tibet they weren't taking a colonialist attitude?
@ Norman, It is propaganda that China invaded Tibet. It did happen, but it took place in 1600s. Qing Dynasty (1644~1911) conquered Tibet. Not PRC. Just Google it and you will find both Qing Dynasty and ROC maps included Tibet as a part of China. Somehow as soon as the U.S. backed KMT lost the civil war to the communists in 1949, China "invaded" a part of itself.
We already know that commie China has no friends in Southeast Asia other than their lapdogs North Korea and Cambodia. How can China refuel or repair their ships in the South and East China Seas, the Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean when they don't have no friendly ports to take them? Chinx go home!
Step 1) Make friends/allies Step 2) Make arrangements for bases in other countries Step 3) Expand your influence If you start with step 3, as China has done, then the other steps are a lot harder.
Yes China has a lack of bases and friendly ports - and technology. Recall their contributions to this search effort: blurry, misleading and useless satellite images and a rubber dinghy with 5 guys on board with a fishing line falsely claiming they heard a "ping" from the black boxes 300 miles from nowhere.
It is not just port access but their ability to resupply at sea. This was a major factor in the Russians backing off in the Cuban missle crisis. They got better at it. the Chinese will eventually as well.
Actually, we now know the Russians only "backed off" due to a secret agreement with Kennedy for US removal of missiles from Turkey in exchange for the Soviet removal of missiles from Cuba. If Kennedy had listen to his generals and invaded Cuba, both countries would be radioactive ash right now. Thank God Kennedy was in office at the time and not someone like Reagan or Bush, huh?
The russians made the agreement due to their fleet logistical difficulties.
Well USA, I suggest that you continue to take advantage of bases and start developing them more, right now we should be moving our missile defense systems back into eastern europe and strengthen what we already have. Don't be that guy!
Yeah US, maybe you guys should stop worrying about China's base problem and focus more on your own bases, like the ones around the Ukraine for instance.
Please inform all of us Americans how the Ukraine is a USA problem? Is it because you and your nation care about Crimea and want America to fix it for you? Or do you just want to live through WW3?
The US is like an elephant, China is like a hungry tiger, and countries in East and Southeast Asia are like prey animals. Elephant is huge but does not eat prey animals while hungry tiger does. No countries in East and SE Asia want the hungry tiger to be on its soil for a very simple reason - avoidance of being devoured by the Chinese predator.
and you?....are like the mighty Loon.
i have to laugh at this story. so what is the point of it? china needs bases for war ships? only time you need bases is for war, but hey good thing we have a ton of them right next to china? lets be real, IF a war broke out, those bases prob be the first targets, and you think we would be able to hold them? very stupid story. other then to show that america wastes a ton of money to keep bases over seas.
you are so short sighted. part of being strong is having friends in your enemies back yard.
ignorant comment. you need bases for resupplying and r&r. when your navy is out at sea and they run out of fuel or ammo? where do you think you are going?
bg here is your flaw, they don't need to go "out to sea" china has theirs to patrol THEIR waters not other peoples.
I have to laugh at comments like this. Short sighted, isolationist and lacking knowledge of real world events. Horrible that history repeats itself because people like you refuse to learn from it. America tried to withdraw from the world stage after WW1, what happened then? Pearl Harbor! These "bases" that you are referring to are mainly seaports, the exceptions being Yokosuka (Japan), Diego Garcia (U.S. Territory), Guam (U.S. Territory) and Okinawa (Japan). Now the ones that are not SOVEREIGN U.S. soil belong to one of America's primary economic and strategic allies. But hey, never mind giving Japan a physical show of support when China and North Korea start the sabre rattling.
"But hey, never mind giving Japan a physical show of support when China and North Korea start the sabre rattling." you mean the japan who deals with russia and said zipola about them? yeah some close friends there...
Where were you Brian? Just asking because my DD-214 says that I served honorably from 1996-2002, with 4 years spent in Japan. That's right, the US Navy 7th fleet, the "China Problem" with a little N.Korea sprinkled on top was what we did all day. Can we talk about Silkworm and Sunburn missiles? Or about the the disproportionate swing in Chinese military philosophy from coastal frigates and gun boats towards cruisers and destroyers? Give a billion people enough ships and they will do something with them. Now since you said logistics, let's talk about that. Take a B-2 bomber, now fly it from it's home base Whiteman AFB, fully loaded with it's 50,000lbs of bombs and fly it 20+ hrs to China and drop those bombs and fly it 20+ hrs back and rearm. Wow, all of a sudden, Diego Garcia is looking like a great place to keep a bomber capable air field (it does) and a lot of bombs (largest single US munitions facility). I guarantee the men fighting in Korea when the Chinese crossed the Yalu River would beg to differ about China not fighting in a modern war, so again I ask, where were you Brian?
@Nick, yeah, Japan, the same ones who sent a ship (combat refueling vessel) to assist America after 9/11. It was the first time since WW2 the a Japanese vessel had participated in combat operations. But then what is helping an ally when for the last 60 years you have been the most pacifist in the world? You know we deal with Russia too, right? So does Britain, Germany, France and any other country that operates a currency standard (everyone), because rubles still equal dollars, euros, yen, etc.
That's why CHINA is trying to bully their neighboring countries, South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, Philippines, and Vietnam. Because they are trying to get a stronghold for their expanding naval armada. See....
Yeah the US has that one wrapped up, occupying half the world. But that will end too, just like all imperialism eventually does. By committing suicide. The US cannot even speak of military strength. Losing to inferior nations in Afghanistan and Iraq.
If China becomes the next superpower than you will really know the meaning of the word "occupy".
The only ones who will ever occupy the US is Jews, same as always. Russia and China will never invade the US. It will be nuclear war if it comes to that. Jews are far worse than either.
This article missed something here : One of the reason the US fell into economic crisis and currently has 17 trillion dollar of debt is because spending too much on maintaining these unnecessary military bases. China is the smart guy here.
You're not a smart as you think, Johny. And to boot, even the spelling of your name isn't very clever
Nad and Ratboy, cannot accept reality?
My cousin was killed in Korea by Chinese soldiers when the Korean communists were being pushed into mainland China and the Chinese retaliated. Be very wary of the Chinese. They almost pushed us out.
I believe it is accurate to say the Korean War became a stalemate with the entry of China. However, China too remembers how their sons were stacked up like cordwood, dead bodies upon frozen dead bodies at the hands of US Army and Marines.
Jerry, there would be no China were it not for the US Army and Marines. It would be a vassal slave state of the empire of japan, as things were before they were liberated.
China, cut out this article and paste it on a presentation board. Next time you guys see Obama, tell him and America that you are NOT a threat to us. We agree! I'm glad that there will be no war between China and Japan nor America! God bless us all!
Hopefully, they can NEVER catch up, their aircraft carrier sinks to the bottom of the sea, and they give up on a navy like they did last time. Or, just as good, the US and its allies blow them out of the water. China's become a bully, and doesn't deserve a navy for that reason.
Hopefully the "Made in China" stamp will finally be proven inferior.
Reveals military vulnerability for ALL. Nothing works, no technology works, no hardware works. Proof...it still ALL blank.
Its hiding behind Ayers Rock Australia.
Oh yeah, and they are making friends left and right threatening everyone over every island in the South China Sea. So Vietnam, Philippines, Japan, South Korea, Indonesia, Malaysia and we won't even count Taiwan, all out. Lets see, that leaves North Korea! I doubt any islands in the Pacific are willing to cut and run on the US after a bad experience with Japan. India? Um, no. Let's see... there must be someone in Africa... South America maybe.
navies will be near obsolete by 2050. missiles .. beam weapons and rail guns will destroy any ships with ease. China is wasting it's time. It should be developing space/air power and missile technology. The navy only needs a transport to move the troops to the already destroyed field of battle.
Yeah just like tanks and aircraft were suposed to make infantry obsolete.
You watched too much Battlestar Galactica, dude.
in a war with a modern power.. our air craft carriers will be on the bottom in the first hour.. every single one of them.
I would agree with you but then we would both be wrong.
China hates Japan; so does South and North Korea. Japan killed them by the tens of millions in WWII. Not only has Japan never apologized for WW II, they are now rewriting history to teach young Japanese students it was not Japan's fault.
There is a general sense of respect and goodwill between these Asian countries, the ideal of hatred between China-Japan-Korea is rather hyperbolic, though as crude and callous as it may seem, you assertion that Japan's Right Wing governance distance themselves from war crimes of their predecessors and try to brainwash young Japanese is unfortunately true; even more unfortunate is how USA regime inside-the-closet support this Japanese indoctrination of its people to help increase stock of American military industrial complex to to heightened tension between the governments of China, Korea, Japan, etc.
All those, who think US needs to spend less on military and more on economy, are wrong. If you just sit there and make a booming economy, an enemy will come ans swoop it away from you. Learn from video games, they are not that much far off from reality.
when you are so far ahead of everyone else as we are, you can afford to scale back a little bit. You just don't want to continue the scale back for too long, that's when the other countries will sneak up on us
Ships are symbol of sovereignty, once attacked, will trigger a prompt response from China. Trust me, none of those Lethal attacks will be launched from Chinese ships. So logistics is not a main issue. If you have a port to call home or an airport to land your aircraft, you are at the center of haircross. If it's an aircraft carrier, you are no exception to wrath from the sky.
No nation can outperform the US Navy when it comes to supporting the fleets. Take it from a former US sailor China. You are years behind catching up with the US Navy.
You could have said the same thing about the British navy 100 years ago. Pride cometh before a fall... never forget that.
Just an fyi, as a culture China tends to think long term. The US more and more thinks short term. I'm not happy to say it, but the US is a power in decline. It can be turned around to be sure, but not "in the short term"
Leave it to American media and the Obama administration to consider it acceptable to announce that the US has realized a weakness in a potential enemy so that they can get to work on fixing it. Freedom truly is it's own worst enemy. It not only supports stupidity, it fights for it's rights.
I may be wrong but I believe the first Ping was detected by the Chinese and then later picked up by other ships . . If that's so and considering the Chinese propensity for lying, cheating and stealing is it possible they were doing the "Pinging" ?? Maybe dropping a Black Box in the water on a tether and getting some glory for being the first to detect the signals . .
Do these black box pings identify a particular plane or are they just location pings. If the latter is the case then somebody may be playing dirty tricks.
They just ping on 37.5 mhz and do not send out any identity info . .
LouisM, thanks for that. So it seems the Chinese first 'detected' 2 or 3 pings on that frequency and then lost contact with the pings, and then others went there and also heard the pings. The pinging, or the reception of the pings, would seem to the layman to be a bit erratic to say the least.
The Chinese act and sound like the Japanese and the Germans at the beginning of the 20th century when the world was in the grip of the second great industrial revolution. The world got much richer but the Germans and the Japanese got much richer faster. They spent their new wealth on machines of war and shoved the world into war. Its a shame that this is how it seems to work. The author of this article is an idiot.
With American stupidity running amok, the port of Las Angeles and San Diego are being drastically enlarged for Chinese shipping, I don't know why the Chinese have not made a naval base their yet. Perhaps Fienstien's invitation was not seriously taken by Beijing !
Us is for sale to the highest bidder. Going once…..
They should be able to catch up pretty fast considering obama set you dumb Americans back 50 years and he has 3 more years of full reverse to go.
No the Chinese tech sucks so hope a Us govt change before all the spies can get the info back and correct.
I don't see a problem for the Chinese at all. All they have to do is slip certain individuals large envelopes full of money and their closed port problem would probably vanish overnight.
China is doing something about a lack of controlled ports. For one thing it is trying to take over the Senkaku island area and the surrounding seas, some of the busiest shipping lanes in the world. That also makes Japan and the Philippines nervous since that sea is "shared". Prediction: this will be one excuse for China to annex places around Asia both economically and militarily.
By 2050 the military forces worldwide may no longer even exist.... If Mr. Obama and his puppets Kerry and Biden keep running their mouths we will be at war. . Mr. Biden especially needs to cap his mouth. he has no brain to put into gear before the BS flows.
. . . and yet he's second in power in the most powerful country on Earth. Hmmm . . .
Are you a time travelers? You do know China is getting wipe out by giant meteor in 2025.
The only ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) country that might allow China to use it's Port is Cambodia.
As for India, it is a very poor country just trying to feed its people and it has a record of submarine, surface ship, boats sinking at the rate of 1 a month whilst still in harbor. Last time its naval ship broke down , Pakistan Navy had to rescue it before it sank. Bravo Pak Navy.
Everyone always forgets China is still a communist country hiding under a capitalist mask. As far as China being around for 2500, no it's current government has not. Whoever said that is ignorant of history and just plain dumb. Communism will never survive in the long run because it doesn't unleash human potential- it contains it. That is why China has to steal, copy, and rob to innovate. They have no original ideas. For god sakes, they can't even control their baby-making successfully. Americans that say that China is good are traitors and should be treated as such.
So what are you going to do to me? China is itself, always and that transcends all political labels. Today's China is still an authoritarian state, just as when it had emporers. I don't see much human potential being released here and as for controlling baby-making, at least they tried. How's your ghetto welfare baby control plan coming?
By your estimate, how long has Egypt been around?
Not to be nit picky, but the author stated 2050 ... not 2500 ... And if we're talking history, USA is relatively young country at around 237 years old ... while China has been around for 4,000 years. Odds on who's gonna be around until 2500 well I wont be around to make that bet but seems kinda obvious.
you are truly a sheep J.gait...And as far as Communism goes...it does not "contain" potential. It contains the greedy jew swine rothschild family from their controlling banking and media houses that also control the U.S. and most "capitalist countries" And no I am not chinese nor am I muslim...I am a concerned Canadian who would like to see the fall of the house of rothschild and any other institution with the jew swine noose rapped around its neck!!! They need to go the way of the dodo really quick...just sayin...And please do us a favor and educate yourself about who really runs the show...your jaw will drop!!!!!!
Vicki, spoken like someone from a socialist state. I wasn't saying the author said 2500, but some idiot posting and yes China's government has been around a lot less time than the US. US has it's problems, but I would rather be here than China or Russia.
and dont forget the "seven sisters" daddy...just sayin.
Pseudo-optimism. China is this very minute getting ready to "kick our #$%$" in the far east. And it eventually will, sooner rather than later. And after 8 years of democrat dummies running things, it has gotten easier for the Chi-Coms to achieve their goals of hegemony in that part of the world.
Well, my question to you would be #$%$ is US doing in the Far East?
Why is the media even discussing China's naval strengths or weaknesses? In an age of nuclear weapons, any war between them and the US should be considered unthinkable.
Because unlike Russia, USA and China are not gangsters and understand and won't use MAD (mutually asured destruction)
At this point, they certainly seem saner than Russia. Perhaps John McCain can find a reason to start a war with them as a demonstration of America strength and leadership.
Duh... Thats not news to anyone that knows anything about blue water naval operations. Thats one reason why their having a carrier isn't really a big deal.
HA! China expects to equal U.S. naval dominance by 2050! At the rate Obama is gutting our Navy,China will be equal with us by 2022. That is 7 short years folks!
Put it this way...... Despite China's heavy spendings on defense budgets, her military expansion had increased tremenously but not enough to match the main powers in many areas. But enough to make her "opponents / enemies" think twice (or many times) to assume she will be again an easy walk-over / push-over in any hostility between them. It also meant China's main aim (at least right now) is to concentrate solely on defence strategy only -- to make herself no longer a "sick man" as in her past humilating history. Conclusion: Not what the American leaders / strategic & military planners / politicians love to lead you people think she (China) is.
The only "main" powers what can actually fight a war with China is probably Japan and India. But at the rate the Chinese are spending on their military that won't last long.
Well they certainly make their enemies laugh.
Why not just take over North Korea, China men good rail road builders and you could dock all your boats just up the seaway from Japan. Of cource those pesky South Koreans might get PO.
You both are welcome to try them. Or would you both prefer to volunteer to be target practices for them to test their weapons' reliability & accuracy?
Not true, the purpose of an aircraft carrier is projection of military power through control of the skies. Once a country decides to project military power, it is NOT for defense. What is China worried about trying to project military power over? The Spratly Islands. If China can push everyone else out, all the VALUABLE resources are theirs for the taking. The funny thing about operating an aircraft carrier is that you don't usually stop at just one. Plus, let's not forget the large army they also maintain, the air force that is adopting our technology just as fast as they can steal it from us and the numerous cyber attacks they do to our military computer networks. Get all the facts before judging weakness, better to over estimate than under estimate.
Aircraft carriers are very good at projecting one's power but only effective against small weaker nations that don't have the means to counter them. In this modern age warfare, such carriers will soon be big open sitting ducks against a barrage of anti-carrier missiles coming fast from all directions. Anti-missile defense systems? Even if they are 95% effective, that 5 out of 100 missiles that managed to get thru will be more than enough to sink the sitting ducks; if not cripple them. And btw the current best anti-missile system in the world is nowhere near 70% for that matter.
@JM i love it when Chinese chinky wingky like you put some hypothetical #$%$ scenarios like some Nostradamus guy who knows what will happen next. you see, a real battle is not some Hollywood movie or cartoons. there are a lot of things to be considered in a real battle. basing on your statement, you've just wasted 100 precision missiles just to take down a single ship that can be replaced sometime later. a single precision missile cost a lot of chinky money, how much more a hundred of them? USA will never fight alone..there are a bunch of nations who hates china especially these current times. U.K will undoubtedly side with the U.S whatever stupid the reason is. and since UK and US is part of NATO, china will also be fight every member of NATO. and every single member of is a force to be reckoned with. now let's add Japan and India. india has claims its borders around china and has close ties with its former colonizer the U.K, it will do its part. now china will what? cut dollar credits? destroy U.S economy? are you serious? The U.S can just Ignore all those debts in times of war and get resources from South east Asia or some other parts in the world. china is not the only market in the world. china has no friends. north korea? south korea will do it job to contain them. pakistan? seriously? we hate them so much we can't wait to obliterate them.
Just a take a second to think about where these anti-carrier missiles are coming from. Submarine? A carrier task force ALWAYS has an SSN detailed to help guard it. The SSN is a hunter killer, which means the sub is dead the moment the Admiral in charge of the task force says so. Ships? Easy way is the Harpoon missiles the Ticonderoga class cruiser is carrying, 4 now, use to be 8. What's next? Aircraft? Too bad the carrier has BARCAP (BARrier Combat Air Patrol) up and would splash them well before they got close enough to launch. So that just leave from the shore, which if there was a threat from a static (non-moving) target, then the strike force from the carrier would blow it up. But now let's talk real numbers, in order to launch an attack that could conceivably endanger the carrier, you need numerous platforms launching during this attack. Try on the order of 10-15 major "blue water" vessels (destroyers, frigates, cruisers). You think the admiral is not going to notice 10-15 ships headed his way? Especially when he has an entire task force with radars, BARCAP and a sub looking for that sort of thing? But OK, somehow this invisible task force got through and launched, on the carrier itself, it has 2 Phalanax Close in Weapon System 30 mm guns ( and I know my CIWS techs would be highly offended by your 70% comment, but more on that later), 2 Rolling Air Missile launchers and 2 NATO Sea Sparrow missile launchers. That's just on the carrier and not including the passive countermeasures such a chaff rockets. You also have the Ticonderoga class whose sole purpose is to turn things in the air into confetti, plus a couple frigates and a destroyer or 2 with about the same capabilities. How many missiles do you think are getting through that? Also, do you think that the order of battle is 1 anti-air missile for 1 anti-ship missile? Let me answer that for you, NO! 1 missile at the ship gets 2 from the ship and don't worry, there is a guy in the Combat Information Center of the Tico who is calling out the shots to all the ships to make sure everything is picked up. That's just the unclassified stuff. Just so you know, that was my job in the navy, so you picked a bad time to be very wrong.
@ Real Men Have Little Dogs, nicely said! I believe they also think that there is only going to be one carrier group in the area during warfare. It is also interesting on the new advancements on the electromagnetic rail guns and laser systems. Both of which are extremely capable systems of handling a well of projectiles and missiles. These Chinese trolls are simply dreaming if they think they have an adequate offense or defense.
1. Talking some Nostradamus guy who knows what will happen next & here you are talking about who will be definitely siding with whom in the future war. Didn't you hear about Lord Palmerston's wise words that there are no such things as permanent friends or enemies; just permament interests? 2. My figure of 100 carrier missiles is just an assumption. In real term you don't need that many to sink a carrier. A maximum salvo of 20 will be more than enough to yield a good result. 3. Even if you need that much, how much does it costs anyway? $10 million each? Or $30 million each? That would be a total cost of $3 billion. Against a carrier that cost $4 to $6 billion (for an old class) & as much as $12 billion for a new class carrier. And NOT COUNTING the costs of planes it carries. 4. And above all the lives of the sailors, pilots & marines aboard the big flattop.
Btw gentlemen, let's us not argue about it. When the time comes, we should know how it goes. So no point arguing something which has yet to be proven or shown.
I will tell you how it goes, everything that tries to near the carrier task force gets turned into hammered sh!t
Hmmmm....we shall see. "Man can propose but God will dispose".
Funny how you have to turn to rhetoric since you have been defeated by facts and common sense
@JM your Lord Palmerston is just one person..he is not god or anything of importance that makes his quote the absolute truth. and please. china has no friends in the international community so i don't expect that they will understand what a "PACT" or "Alliance" is. NATO Article 5 states that an attack on any member shall be considered to be an attack on all. so there you go chinky winky. 2. yeah suuuuuuuure.."assumption"...another failed alibi..hahaha...from 100 now its 20? lol..changing own statements is a clear evidence of a weak argument. 3. wow you are really "confident" with those missiles. oh well sure why not. its not that china are the only ones who got missiles...the US has a complete variety of those babies. from ballistic to ICBMs..but let's stay conventional. for the sake of the planet. we will still OUT missile you 10000-1 with the combined NATO arnesal. in terms of Airforce we will our jets are more advanced in everyway possible. we don't even need to use our carriers. we got tons of bases around you. and oh. all those around you, the small nations you got bad blood with will even make the job easier for us by providing us bases too. so no big deal if we lost a carrier or 2..its a war people will die anyway. 4. making war with china is advantageous and good for mother earth. USA will lose all its debts to china, and obliterating 500 million chinese will help population control and stop pollution further.
China's carrier killer missile is land based. Also the carrier group is pretty handicapped if the Chinese took out the satellites which they've shown they are clearly capable of.
@Gene, 1. Of cos Lord Palmerston is no God; didI ever say he is? I only referred to his wise words. 2. Military pacts or alliances? In the history of mankind, there were & still are MANY SUCH pacts / alliances. Exactly how many of them were / are that binding? 100%? Haha...don't make me laugh..!! 3. Changing my figure? Didn't I state "even if you need that much....."?? NB: You can't read or understand my English? 4. "Tons of bases"? Those are "easily available" during peacetime and/or "usable" in a war against weak nations. NB: Examples using Turkey's base against Syria. 5. Now if China will to go to war with Japan, do you seriously think S. Korea (an ally) will allow her bases to be used against China? 6. Last but not least, I doubt China would want to go to war with America & vice versa. Well, why should them? Not unless they really have to. But then they will both destroy each other with their nukes....much to every other nations' pleasure -- allies or enemies. Oh btw China is NOT my country. Sorry to disappoint you.
@JM, you are terrible at trolling. Quit changing your position on the matter. Your first comment was about how China is not the military threat the US government makes them out to be, yet, you are spouting off about how "easy" it would be for China to destroy a carrier task force. Well which is it? Either they aren't a skilled warring country or they are. I mean, if you keep flipping your opinion, the only thing you will prove is how much of an idiot you are. The humorous part is you were proven to be wrong and yet you are still blindly throwing #$%$ out there trying desperately to be right. You should step away from the computer and try forming an opinion and then stick to it.
@JM 1, well unfortunately for you NATO alliance is binding. its been there since 1946. and NATO participated is a lot of conflicts so its credibility is already proven. 2. so which is it? 100 or 20? you are full of inconsistencies..another clear evidence of a weak argument from you. 3. and so what if they are "easily available"? those are still bases. its still a piece of land where USA can put planes and bomb the hell out of your beloved china. 4. who said we need South Korea? some southeast asian nations for bases and Japan is already enough. 5. Ooops your argument is getting weaker..lol i can now read nukes. hahaha..maybe your communist party has very small brain that they don't care about their citizens anymore or even the planet. maybe that's your only option to get a fighting chance against the US..hahaha... 6. china is your country don't deny it. or your communist party might find out and execute your family and your neighbor's family.
@Gene, 1. Nato alliance is binding? Let's us see how binding they will be once the Russian tanks roll into Ukraine. Out of 28 members, I bet the most only half of them will commit their troops in the front line against the Russian army. 2. 100 or 20 is not the issue; what matters most they must be ablr to hit & destroy their targets. 3. Your country can bomb the hell out of China? Well, why don't you dudes try it? What's stopping you people? I would love to watch this "mother of all firefights". Please don't disappoint me. Hahaha....!! 4. Isn#$%$. Korea is one of your nation's staunchest allies? So what happened? You can't even trust your allies now? NB: Another good laugh....!! 5. My communist party? They were already dead & gone IN MY COUNTRY. 6. DID I ever say China is my country? So please don't put words in my mouth. And stop assuming all those who refused to join your anti-China bandwagon must be from there or members of their paid propaganda machine.
@RMwldog, 1. My statement on China is not a threat to the US still stand. Nevertheless I would like to reiterate that when push comes to shove, the Chinese won't back away from a fight. And if you think (like Gene) they will again be pushover, I can bet you will be surprised. NB: The recent Cowpens incident is a clear example. 2. Though their anti-carrier missiles are not proven yet, how come the US admirals are showing concern?
@JM so when will the russian tanks roll into Ukraine mr. nostradamus? its already been months and still no tanks crossing ukraine. 2. now you are saying numbers is not an issue..LOL! so its neither 100 or 20...yeah sure..weak argument from you indeed! hahaha...full of inconsistencies. 3. what stopping us? what stopping us is that there is still no declaration of war genius. what kind of question is that? "what stopping you people?". you make me laugh. maybe ask your communist party leader what stopping them to declare war on U.S.. 4. so is South Korea part of NATO now? lol! i said NATO right? you are the one who keeps mentioning S.korea...another laugh for you! AHAHAHAH, 5. don't deny it chinky winky. defending your beloved china is the number 1 priority of every loyal communist party member. 6. but you are clearly a member of the PLA's propaganda machine..most chinese PLA nationalist like you who can studied english are hypocrites expats who are taking advantage the western way of living..do everybody a favor and go back to your homeland and experience your beloved COMMUNISM..hahahaha
@JM Man, you are a #$%$, (from you) " 1. My statement on China is not a threat to the US still stand. Nevertheless I would like to reiterate that when push comes to shove, the Chinese won't back away from a fight. And if you think (like Gene) they will again be pushover, I can bet you will be surprised. NB: The recent Cowpens incident is a clear example." However, here is what you have also said "It also meant China's main aim (at least right now) is to concentrate solely on defence strategy only -- to make herself no longer a "sick man" as in her past humilating history. Conclusion: Not what the American leaders / strategic & military planners / politicians love to lead you people think she (China) is." AS WELL AS " You both are welcome to try them. Or would you both prefer to volunteer to be target practices for them to test their weapons' reliability & accuracy?" AND "Aircraft carriers are very good at projecting one's power but only effective against small weaker nations that don't have the means to counter them. In this modern age warfare, such carriers will soon be big open sitting ducks against a barrage of anti-carrier missiles coming fast from all directions. Anti-missile defense systems? Even if they are 95% effective, that 5 out of 100 missiles that managed to get thru will be more than enough to sink the sitting ducks; if not cripple them. And btw the current best anti-missile system in the world is nowhere near 70% for that matter. " Clearly you are trying pretty hard to say that China is not a military threat to US, but then later talking about the ease with which China could destroy a US carrier. How would that not be an assumed military threat? Come on, either you are an idiot or you are really naïve to think people can't go back and read what you have previously posted. I just lifted those comments directly from your posts by the way, so you can compare your comments and see how quickly you shifted you opinion. And I'm glad you brought up the Cowpens, because if China was not looking for a fight, then why are they crossing the bow of a US warship in international waters? Let's not forget the reconnaissance EP-3 that China rammed in international airspace and then tried to keep after it was damaged heavily enough that it had to land in Hainan, plus the Chinese sub that ran into the towed sonar array of the USS John S. McCain in international waters and the 4 Chinese vessels that harassed the USNS Impeccable, an unarmed supply ship in international waters. You starting to see a trend here? China is trying to provoke a war, but according to your idiocy, they are a weak peaceful nation that could destroy whoever comes to mess with them. I'm not even going to try to respond back to your idiocy any more until you tell me what nationality you are, because I just feel like I'm answering with American knowledge against idiocy from another country yet to be named.
@RMwld, 1. Did I ever ask where you guys come from? No, I am didn't & I am not interested to know. Where we are from is irrelevant. What matters are the comments we wrote. But hope you won't be like the dude who loves to put words in my mouth despite telling him twice I am not from China. 2. There are many analysts including us posters who wrote about China's huge spendings on her defense budget. Many view her fast military expansion with suspicions as well as alarms. At the same time there are also others who look down at her weapon technologies with skepticisms & said they are decade away compared to the western powers. Which means everyone of us is entitled to his or her own opinion. Which also meant I am entitled to mine. If you people don't like what I said, I offer no apologies.
Your opinion? Which one? The one from the first statement about China not really being a military threat? Or the one about China EASILY being able to destroy a carrier group? And the one about her harassing a US warship in international waters? I mean I'm just wondering which argument you are making, because it changed twice. So in plain freaking English, are you saying China is (1) not a military threat at all, (2) is a military threat but only if provoked, or (3) is provoking the US into a fight to show that they are a military threat? Where we are from is very relevant to this topic, because you are holding onto a notion that unproven Soviet-bloc technology (updated with Chinese technology) will prevail over PROVEN American technology. Either you are steadfastly Chinese, or more likely Russian. I mean either you are ashamed, or scared to say where you are from. I on the other hand am not. I am American, I have served in the Navy, doing a job that allowed me to listen to a lot more detailed information about performance and reliability of all weapon systems employed by everybody. You are just shying away and trying to make this about you being a victim now, that is not the case. The point is you were spewing out comments like you know all about what you were saying, but you don't and I proved it. Just admit you don't know enough about this topic, go away and lick your wounds and try again somewhere else when you actually know something about the topic.
10 years before China's rise, we said that about their economy.
I can't believe the governments of China, Austrailia, and others are spending probably BILLIONS on this wild goose chase. They're not going to find anything. The plane didn't crash in the ocean.
That's the $1,000,000 question... only air traffic control knows.
I beg to differ. To win that $1,000,000, I would guess it crashed into the ocean. Even, if I had no clue, I would have a 70.8% chance of being right considering that's the percentage of the Earth's surface covered with ocean. Also, I wouldn't say the money is wasted in searching for the plane. It's good exercise for the Navies of those governments. At least they're doing something practical instead of sailing around the ocean for no reason telling themselves they are acting as a "deterrent" to some imaginary threat like Navies normally do.
Steven, I think your percentage might be a little off. You have to factor in the plane's planned course. Only a small percentage of the trip was supposed to be over a body of water, and even after it deterred from it's course, it was still lasted spotted traveling over land, and towards land. I'd be willing to bet that the percentage of an ocean crash is much smaller than the percentage of a land crash.
Well, you must have been watching a different news program then, cuz the one I saw had the plane last flying somewhere in the middle of the Indian Ocean, with no land anywhere near it except some islands here and there.
"Regional military attaches and analysts said it could be decades before China was able to compete with U.S. carriers, if at all." And by then, US will have its next generation aircraft carriers and other naval ships already deployed. Seriously, China is a big flop.
China will b controlling owurs by there satalight they build all of R TECHN LOOK GM JUNK
Think about the issues raised in this article the next time you see some hysterical article about the Chinese "Aircraft Carriers". A main weakness of the Chinese Navy is supply. If you cannot supply ships at sea , you cannot maintain them there for very long. There is an old addage that addreses this. "Amatuers talk strategy, professionals talk supply".
In the 70s I took a class in Chinese history. The instructor told us the first ship launched by Mao slid into the sea and sank. Made from backyard iron smelters. They've come a long way.
I think they sold that one to the USA, it was called old Ironsides.
"The U.S. Navy has been at this for 100 years or so," and constantly works at maintaining and nurturing its strategic network, Bitzinger said. "China's being doing it for about 15 ... China's not going to be able to catch up overnight." - Oh, ho problem, as long as US corporate bosses can profit handsomely from the cheap Chinese labor, they will help out to catch up quickly...
Apart from local expansion, China does not need these offshore bases, this is unlike the west who try to boss over other countries!
i guessed the Chinese were not smart enough to build some re-supply ports when they said those land they try to claim that were supposed to be sailed and set foot by Chinese sailors, fisherman eon ago, huh. once again, delusional backlash epic fail .50 cent commie in denial.
Well, now they know. Build some re-supply ports in that area. Check. Thanks US. So who's the one lacking smarts here?
By all means you twit pseudo-news agency bring to the attention of those that hate capitalism.
BUT, one must remember, that in a pinch, Russia is their ally and together, they are a BIG problem.
They'll just take what they want in the "Putin-esk" fashion. Why have friendly ports of call to replenish your Navy when all you need to do under the Communist doctrine is just TAKE the port like Adolph Putin did?
You don't get it. Fuel can be burned. Hoses cut. There are no spare parts for repairs or technicians that can work on their equipment. You can't simply take such things and use them so easily.
Walter, most MODERN navies have Ship's Stores containing replacement parts; Trained machinists; Trained Welders; Pipe Fitters, Plumbers, Electricians, Electronics Specialists, ect., ect., ect. Refueling ships and food are the biggest logistics problems away from home ports. The U.S. Navy says that in just a few years they will be making their own fuel on board ship (Hydrogen) from Sea Water. That means no more refueling ships tagging along behind each group of ships going somewhere. Food is the other item needed which we can find at many of the friendly ports of call we have developed over many long decades. The Chinese are new at this. I think they'd rather coerce then ASK .
The west has always misconstrued China's rising as an act of countering USA. actually it is not, as the Chinese leaders have always said that her military build up is purely for defense of its off coast territories which were exposed to the encroachment by its neighbors when China's navy was in a mess. So China has never thought about strengthening its offshore bases to compete with US. This shows the cultural DIFFERENCE between the West and China in terms of what China means by "peaceful co-existence".
yeah, that's why they are picking fights with Japan and the Philippines
You can never trust China since its intention is taking over the sea lanes of Asia, also no neighbors will allow China to use their ports since knowing their intention.
Exactly. If China has no foreign port, how can US claim China is imperialistic?
Something you don't seem to understand is that at the national level, it's like a bunch of prisoners in the yard. It's not about rights or justice - that stuff is made up to meet whatever the status quo happens to be that is established by force, and to keep individuals in line within the framework of society.
You want to put the fear of God in China.It would be very easy.Just let Japan have nuclear weapons.That would stop China in their tracks.
This is one more reason for the Chinese communist thugs to steal, rob, occupy by force of its neighbors' maritime territories. They only use its history as a justification to do so rather than admitting its own intentions. This is why the Great USA will need to stop the #$%$ thugs Chinese communists.
I doubt that other than the former Burma that the Chinese will get too much in strategic basing anywhere near India. Their carrier is a joke and the ability to build from new is not yet apparent. Still they have to be watched carefully.
Their missiles are one of the most reliable in the world. Just google long march rocket.
Johny the longer a missile is in the air the more vulnerable it is to be neutralized. And China is a LONG way away. And if they did that after the US and Japan , South Korea, and Taiwan got done they would be in bad shape. I doubt they want to take that route. Hell the 3rd US Marine division is just off their doorstep. In Japan , Guam and Okinawa. Along with our airbases like Kadena, and all the MAW .
But aren't you contradicting yourself? First, you say China is a long way away, then you name all these US assets "just off their doorstep." So aren't you really confirming everything the US has in that area can be effectively taken out by missiles?
I doubt it. They might get a shot in but after that they would be history. The Japanese were at one time much stronger than China and they found out the USMC is not a good group to upset. Not to mention we have good anti missile defenses. And aircraft on continual standby . And after they fired the world would be on our side. We would be justified in anything we did to China.
Bill, who is threatening who? The US and its allies are surrounding China with its superior military capability and people like you are constantly talking about war. Take a break, try change the subject to peace and concentrate on doing business the world over. We do not need to show muscle to find a peaceful world, didn't God teach you anything in the bible at all?
Bill, don't be over confident. China now has SLBM. There are 3 legs of nuclear war : 1. Long range bomber. 2. Land based ICBM 3. SLBM. The most difficult to deter is the SLBM. Currently US has more nuclear weapon than China, and look like China won't win in a full scale nuclear war. But if that happened now, I can guarantee you that US will bleed so bad. And if Russia joins, you and your cousins will definitely go to see dinosaurs. But in another 10 years when China has ten-fold of their submarine numbers now, both you and I will see dinosaurs if a nuclear war ever happened between US-China. And fyi, China has just tested the hypersonic missile which is impossible for any missile-shield system to shoot it down.
China has ongoing disputes with Vietnam. South Korea, Japan , Taiwan, and the P.I. and all of its neighbors and since you have not heard claims the WHOLE South China Sea to control who can even fly in international waters there. Chung if China would quit running its own people down like at Tianaman sq. or quit backing North Korea when they detonate a nuclear warhead, or quit pushing its neighbors around then they could live in peace. And I am not a believer in the Bible as a literary work, talking snakes, chatting with a bush, everybody from 2 people, then after Noah even MORE inbred. I think it makes a good story but science says it is just that.
Bill, Chinese history is older than your bible stuff. Actually it is not China that has dispute with all it's neighbors, but Japan. China doesn't have disputes with Russia, Mongolia, Afghanistan, Laos, Myanmar, Cambodia, Kyrgistan, Kazakhstan, etc. It is Japan that has disputes with all it's neighbors
Yeah, the US TALKS a good game, but can you yanks really back it up? I mean, it seems like if anything were to happen, it will be on their turf. The U.S. has 11 aircraft carriers you say. WOW, impressive, but so #$%$ng what? On their turf, the entire landmass of China is like one big #$%$ng unsinkable 4 million square mile aircraft carrier that can lob missiles at you all day and all night. Can your 11 carriers hold more jets than China has in their whole country? I mean, China ain't no tiny middle-eastern country like the ones you yanks are used to picking on.
@Steven: We have got to stop taking care and backing up people like you. Then it won't matter what you think of us Yanks and you can be under China's thumb.
The truth is Steven ONE Us carrier can launch more aircraft than 10 of the type China has. The Chinese carrier has a ramp to launch aircraft. And Steven should China lauch missiles they would find the US has a number of missiles also. as does Japan , South Korea , Taiwan etc.. And no japan does NOT have disputes with the nations you mentioned China does LOOK IT UP. And which Chinese history Johny the China from BEFORE they killed millions of their own people or the Peoples Republic of China which has only been around since 1949? Not a very long time as a nation.
Bill, google this : DF21-D. This will take down your aircraft carriers or keep it from operating 2,000 miles away from where this stuff being stationed.
Bill, China has 6,000 years of history, invented paper, compass, dynamite powder, suspension bridge, wheel, ink, etc. Your story started from your grandpa with mouth full of cavities went to China to copy the dynamite powder. Since then, killing never stopped.
@Bill, Remember, I'm talking about fighting on their turf. Your aircraft carriers on their turf equates to nothing more than tiny little sinkable airports. It's not about aircraft carrier vs aircraft carrier, it's about your aircraft carriers vs the entire landm#$%$ of China, which happens to have WAY the #$%$ more airports and fighter jets than all your carriers can hold. And great, you have missiles too. But do you have more missiles on your ships than the all missiles they aimed at your #$%$ off of their entire coastline? So yeah, it's ironic that in an article criticizing China's logistics capability that you seem to be making comments that reflect zero knowledge of logistics. And yeah, millions of people died in the Great Chinese Famine, but how dare you use a tragedy and twist facts to equate it to "killing your own people." Did the Irish government "kill their own people" in the Great Potato Famine? And "not a very long time as a nation" huh? Do people think England suddenly became a brand new nation after the monarchy was abolished? How about France after the French revolution? No? Then shut the #$%$ up.
BTW Steven: You pull all this trash, have little knowledge of propaganda used by nations for their weapon systems, and think we have bad logistics. We are the only nation that has great logistics. China recently had to go begging the Aussies for supplies and con only send about 3 ships on any distance in voyages. The Chinese have been killing each other and fighting among themselves for many centuries. Then you through our a "how dare you". What little private planet do you come from? At least your ending has a little hair on it.
Noel, your mind set is a war against cave men wearing sandals. China never set logistic or refuel naval bases, because it's military is defensive, not a bully like USA. If a conflict between super power ever happened, it will be totally different with your usual behavior of bullying cave men wearing sandals. Australia is well in China's missiles range. Any China's submarine stationed in Bohai sea can launch SLBM with MIRV warheads capable of hitting any pin point in US Continental (New York, LA, DC, just name it), let alone Australia (much closer). In a full scale conflict, any US' logistic point in Pacific included Guam will be under water in just few minutes. Currently the US has more nuclear war heads than China, that's why the only war the US can win over China FOR NOW, is a full scale nuclear war. That if we don't consider Russia is bordering China. Let's consider Russia is somewhere in Africa.
@Noel P "begging the Aussies for supplies and con only send about 3 ships on any distance in voyages" B*(tch) please...Nearly half the ships sailing around the world today were build in China. "The Top 10 Shipbuilding Countries" 1 China, Gross Tonnage: 41,024,663, Vessels Built: 1,978, Market Share: 43.25% 2 South Korea, Gross Tonnage: 28,949,940, Vessels Built: 823, Market Share: 30.52% 3 Japan, Gross Tonnage: 14,628,521, Vessels Built: 682, Market Share: 15.42% 4 Philippines, Gross Tonnage: 2,300,916, Vessels Built: 76, Market Share: 2.43% 5 Germany, Gross Tonnage: 1,101,373, Vessels Built: 10, Market Share: 1.16% 6 Vietnam, Gross Tonnage: 1,090,958, Vessels Built: 66, Market Share: 1.15% 7 Brazil, Gross Tonnage: 970,760, Vessels Built: 49, Market Share: 1.02% 8 Taiwan, Gross Tonnage: 910,724, Vessels Built: 31, Market Share: 0.96% 9 Italy, Gross Tonnage: 852,838, Vessels Built: 11, Market Share: 0.90% 10 Romania, Gross Tonnage: 737,321, Vessels Built: 24, Market Share: 0.78%
This is partly why China is supportive of Myanmar (Burma) despite the latter's shenanigans. They share a border, and Myanmar could prove to be a useful Indian Ocean base to the Chinese further in the future. The Russians have a similar relationship with Syria. They support and put up with Syria because it is Russia's most valuable base in the Med.
China not fooling anybody when it comes to they will have to yield against the neighboring country to stay put and respect their territories. That is all to it.
The Chinese sailors will die on the ship from Legionnaires diseases or at home from toxic fumes. Nothing for the U.S. to worry about.
Try a little logic, China holds almost all US debt. Attacking the US is attacking themselves. I really can't see them doing that. They already own most of the USA. But if they want to rule the waves I say let them take on the pirates and the rescue missions and provide hospital ships to the rest of the world. It's time somebody else took a turn.
They hold 1.1 Trillion dollars of American debt or 6.8 percent. You're spreading misinformation. A common practice is this cheesy forum.
I may be mistaken on the intentional spreading of misinformation assertion. You could be just plain stupid?
But an excellent reason for us to attack them.
Friends of the political Left! So who made China the power it is today? Blame Nixon and the Republicans in congress. Can't find a job? Blame Nixon, Reagan, Bush and the Republicans in congress. Yes comrades, they have finally gotten inflation under control with monstrously high unemployment in the private sector. 50 million USA citizens are today on food stamps and looking through their fingers.
You honestly believe the number of people on food stamps is going to decline under leftist leadership!? Have you ever heard of the Affordable Health Care Act? It steals money from the pockets of the young working class, and deposits it into the hands of people who are not willing to go to work themselves! This is a socialist program in every sense of the word, and will perpetuate the exact same dependency that people have on food stamps. You must see this! Health care should be a luxury item, not a right. This is the only major change in the last half decade brought to us by your precious political left. You Sir, are the problem with this country.
China is going to teach the liberals how to create jobs without greedy unions or sissy laws.
Fuel, direction, altitude=Diego Garcia Restricted air, fire, eliminate any debris. What do you think?
China is a paper tiger. If it wasn't for all the technology they have stole from the US and probably Europe too they would be no where. China doesn't have the good will the US has had in the Pacific since World War 2. We beat back and destroyed the terror Japan ravaged on the Asian Pacific nations. These countries know we will be there for them (except since Obama took office).
China will never, ever have a navy that will be a threat to the US Navy. They are remodeling ancient vessels while we are into the Star Trek age.
If China wasn't trying poach all their neighbor's territories, then this problem would be a lot simpler for them!
China must know that it can't get honey with lemon. They should stop bullying their neighbors and respect other country's sovereignty if it wants friends around Asia. I hope this serves as a lesson to the Chinese.
This is how pork starts just like what is happening in Ukraine. War machine never stops.
If they ask nice maybe Japan, the Philippines, Vietnam, or South Korea would welcome them with open arms.
Your comment has the feeling of our current administration policies. "If we are just nice maybe..."
Oh I get it -- sarcasm
Don't worry, by the time Obama is done China will have made great strides to bring themselves up to speed with us...
Now, all you so called "intelligent" liberals that say we should close all our foreign bases, this is why we need those foreign bases. To provide supply lines for troops and ships. That is one way to defeat an enemy, cut off their supply lines. So, if we had to transport supplies from the U S, it would be easy to cut off supplies simply by sinking supply ships.
What 'enemy' are we supposed to be deploying against?
Actually, it's the libertarians who are saying that we should close our foreign bases. Haven't you ever heard Rand or Ron Paul speak? They hate that we have so many foreign bases and consider them an unnecessary expense...until you need them, of course.
wow I guess the writer is working for the US government. Just to much BS. American propaganda. Our US government freely handing out all of our US tax dollars. Nothing left for Americans!
The day will come when not only Russia but China will seriously challenge America all over the world.
That's like saying the sun will burn out. Eventually it will but not for a very long time. Same goes for your foolishness. I know bashing America is in vogue these days but there are plenty of us USA citizens paying attention to you dweebs and setting your minds (however small) right.
Haven't study about the fall of the Roman Empire?
Maybe Wal-Mart can build a private artificial island port for them. I mean with all the money Wal-Mart made getting companies to produce in Communist China, then sell it's junk to Americans, it's the least Wal-Mart could do in return.
China has no friendly ports to call on? I wonder why? Could it be that they keep trying to take over islands that belong to the Philippines, Japan, Taiwan, Vietnam, etc.? Or because they gobbled up Nepal and Burma and make weekly incursions into India? If you want good neighbors, be a good neighbor. If you treat them like enemies, that's what they will be.
China has no choice. If the U.S warmongers threatened China tomorrow then the only way is to seize and blitz strategic areas that will allow China to operate freely.
They will do it the same way America got bases in Japan. Conquer countries then never leave.
why point out the flaw in this? you need to cheer usa usa usa!
As long as the US keeps running roughshod over the globe, we will drive them into China's embracing arms. We aren't the darling of the world that we once used to be.
China's naval aspirations sound eerily reminiscent of Germany's under Kaiser Wilhelm II, and Japan's in the 1930's. We all know what both of those ventures led to. Best policy for the US would be to support our East Asian allies in resisting Chinese aggression right now. I don't think China wants an all out arms race with the US and Japan.
if i were china or usa - i'll make peace with each other & use the small countries - now china & usa war & benefit the small countries - parasites - small countries want china & usa to kill each other
China comes into conflict with many of the surrounding Asian nations. Unlike the US, China would unlikely be able to build foreign bases because of the threat China poses to other Asian nations. Disputes between the Philipines and Japan for example, plus the fact that not many Asian countries trust China, trade partners yes, but not trust on the level of cooperation with the US.
Naval fleets are dinosaurs anyway. A russian rocket commander was once quoted on a PBS news program as stating it would take him about 15 minutes to vaporize the entire US fleet in an all-out war. A surface ship is nothing but a large target, especially an aircraft carrier, which even one missle would take out in an instant. Yet we kep building them, spending billions.
@user - That pretty much true of everything on the Earths surface. So what's your point?
It only takes money to fix this and China has plenty. Oh no they don't they just have US Treasury bonds!
China is in the process of preparing for new military bases, by claiming islands and land owed by Japan and the Philippines. They would probably LOVE a base in Hawaii too. Kinda the same way Russia is now acquiring land.
Tell them to come and get Hawaii and they will learn about shear power and logistics.
The United States military has been covering its back for 100 years, and is continuing to do so very quietly. Everyone points at us to find our weaknesses. The Pentagon has done its homework, The current events with the Soviets and Chinese have not gone unnoticed. The Pentagon is working quietly as I write.
Yeah, but every once in a while, the Pentagon will face a black swan, something truly unexpected and impossible to prepare for. Like people hijacking jumbo jets and slamming them into skyscrapers (not to mention the Pentagon) for instance.
China might be able to catch up with the US in a few years if Obama keeps his bumbling ways.
This is another reason why china will never surpass the united states as a global power. First of all the country is way less stable than we think especially in rural regions not only that it borders with numerous non allied countries. Geography is destiny and china will never be able to project power globally do to the situation internally at its borders
Having friends and family in Albany Western Australia and knowing the Aussies as well as I do I am sure they are none too happy about having a pinko commie warship in their port regardless of the nature of it's visit. The Aussies relationship with the #$%$ are about as cordial as our wit Iran or North Korea.
shut up loser, no one cares where you have family from
From a tactical point China can simply do what Japan did in WWII. They can island hop and take over ports and the supplies from that country. The advantage to China is the size of their military. They have enough to defend the ports for a very long time.
Guess who let China buy a Russian aircraft carrier from Ukraine? Clinton. China has learned how it was built and will be completing new aircraft carriers in several years.
What was he supposed to do start a war and launch a few nukes to stop the sale? That woulda worked out really good eh?
Exactly what has America to say about China buying equipment form Russia? Do you think America has to the right to interfere in other nations' relations?
Clinton could have blocked the sale or could have approved buying it. It sold for half the cost of a new fighter jet.
The carrier was owned by the Ukraine, not Russia.
China, indeed, has not focus on war, nor prepare for one.. they spend all other effort and energy to development, road, rail, communication, public transportation, highway, high speed rail, education, alternative energy, plant trees.. Even far behind the west in military hardware, regardless what Reuters trys to print sell here, the fact is that China only spend a small among of GDP in defense... It has been proved that China has no interest in wars and nor conflict, they seek harmony in all situations, In 30 plus years, in focus in reform, peaceful development, growth business, fight poverty, seek win win, , China has transform 1.34 billion of mankind from poverty to free and better life.. Seeking win win, promote growth, trade and business opportunity with all Asian nation, EU, US and all other nations.. There is no parallel on approach between US and China.. Reuters: Search for MH370 reveals a military vulnerability for China??? at at all,..China will continue to grow,,,
stme. thanks for the Red Chinese public service announcement! LOL
Hell are you the swonden of china you no Putin's #$%$
It was a wrong move of china for claiming the whole south china sea... Greediness and selfish desire has never give a good result in every human's quest...
Even though the Liaoning carrier is just used for training, it already has the ability to attack.
attack what? with what pilots or planes? that ship is a sitting duck having to refule so often it would be sunk immediately by a cruise missile
It's an out dated ship more like the old WW2 escort carriers used to escort merchants and troop ships. It has no real offense capabilities.
Billyd, do you really think a US carrier group is sitting anywhere defenseless? You are just plain dreaming!
Bad guys, thief and thug guys, are friends of no one, except among themselves. China has no friend at all in Asia and on the world. Russia is a bad guy, but China not only a bad guy but also the lowest and dirtiest guy on the world. Steal, steal, hack, and hack, to modernize its military. Then rob, rob from other small countries around. That's the true image of China on the world since the China Communist Party took power in China.
Did China rob your house, #$%$?
I like your sarsasm against the US.
wiseguy I guess you forgot China's attack on Tibet 1950, Korea 1951, India 1960, Vietnam 1980, Taiwan in the 1960's, and China's refusal to be a responsible world power in the UN, each time the Security Council wants to punish a nation for war crimes China refuses because they supply arms to that nation especially in Africa
Hi Chinkiller: You are stand up for the weak, Speak up for the poor. Yes, all the countries you mentioned do not have the resource and the power to help themselves. PLA is the worst to think of and they are the Killers as Wei had mention above. China only scare of the US and China only care when the US is sneezed. You both are wise and known the history so well.
Wei. 1. China supply arms to Africa. You must mix with middle east / colonial era history. 2. Sino-Vietnam war was that Vietnam's invasion and occupation of Cambodia in 1978. 3. China Korean 1951 war was South Republic of Korea back by Allied vs Democratic People Republic of Korea. 3. Taiwan 1950 conflict with China. Taiwanese moves towards independence since 1949 are backed by the US Neo conservatives.
The US gov could have possibly electronically hijacked the Malaysia plane and flew it to Diego Garcia as a way to see what the Chinese had for a Navy during their search operations. The USA called off their search after about a week. The USA is also trying to start WW3 with Russia and has said they stand by South Korea and Japan against Chinese and North Korean aggression. World War 3, if humanity were to survive it, would be the most profitable war of all time for a small few.
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED. THE PLANE LANDED IN DIEGO GARCIA. NEWS CAME OUT HOURS LATER AND ALL NEWS WAS SUPPRESSED IN THE USA. NEWS IN OTHER COUNTRIES REVEALED THAT AMERICAN PERSONNEL WERE ON BOARD AND THE PLANE TURNED AND DIVED AND WENT STRAIGHT TO DIEGO GARCIA. IT IS WELL KNOWN THE BOEING PLANE HAS REMOTE CONTROL CAPABILITY AND IN CLASSIC MODE AS THE REMOTE CONTROL TAKES OVER, THE COCKPIT INTERCOM AND RADIOS ARE DEACTIVATED AS WELL AS THE TRANSPONDER. PEOPLE WHO WANTED TO KNOW HAVE FOUND OUT.
H O LY #$%$. Are you for #$%$ for real?
I wonder if Vietnam, Taiwan, Japan, Malaysia, or the Philippines will offer the Chinese any naval bases?
Chinese pilots are in for a real surprise when they begin operating and landing off a pitching carrier deck in rain, lightning, snow and darkness.....quite disconcerting to say the least...
All the Chinese need to do is give Hilary illegal campaign money like they did Bill and when she gets elected she will just give them what ever US Naval Base the want as a reward. And if you doubt that ask how the Chinese Nuclear program jumped ahead by 20 years when Bill was in office.
China probably thinks the way to deep and lasting friendships, comes in the same fashion as what the Mob does. They threaten their neighbors and beat them up. I am sure many ports will welcome the Chinese Navy.
A bully can't win friendship by force.
Why don't we tell them everything else that we know while we're at at. Funny, the media misses every scandal obama creates but they jump right on stories like this. Nice going clowns!
Actually, I think that reveals a potential danger. China may decide to start expanding and taking territory in order to broaden its reach. And who's going to stop them...Obama? Hahaha.
Soon we will have to face the fact that China is a communist country just as Putin is KGB. They have different value systems, and they will use it for the advantage of their ruling class. Giving them our technology and investment is the greatest mistake of the 20th century for America.
I am a Filipino from the Philippines. If China tries to make a port of call in my country to re-supply their military ships, their request SHOULD BE DENIED by the Philippines, I don't care if they run out of supplies, go hungry or run out of fuel for their ships because they have been trying to grab reefs and shoals that belong to us and is within our territorial waters. Screw those dinky bastards!!!
Filipinos Claim 100% of coral reefs and shoals in the Philippine Sea. China claim only 90% of the reefs and shoals in the South China Sea which don't belong to the Filipinos who should go screw yourself in your Philippine Sea.
We have a leader right now that had socialist teachings. Socialism always fails, this is why our country is a mess right now. People will always want more then their neighbor, if you blunt that it will just create black markets.
If socialism always fails, why is China second only to the U.S. in world dominance? Why are 98% of Chinese happy with their socialist government? I'm not supporting socialism. I'm opposing groundless claims and gargantuan exaggeration.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
The usa had been preparing for war for 100 years. The Americans are shocked the Chinese have not done the same.
How many years has the US not been at war in the last 100 years? Hell, you're still at war today.
Vulnerability spotted now we can fly over them and unleash ALL the failed, poisonous products they sent over here. We'll just dump that stuff over the place from our fleet of aircraft
Appears that China has better leadership and will not squander the nation's resources to build bases all over the world so they can police it...
That is a very simplistic, albeit true, barb from one side of a never ending argument. A Buddhist, or "Hellboy" fan would respond easy enough with, "In the absence of light, darkness prevails."
China is just a hillbilly, not a real power.
The Chinese had a strong navy and sailed to war long before the Romans did. Do not under estimate what the Chinese can do. Do not under estimate to what levels they will go to have strategic bases and a supply line. It is the nature of things.
You think we should be wary of China because they had good wooden ships 3000 years ago?
China 2000 years ago is not China now. This argument is so absurd it isn't even sane.
well, I repeat - do not under estimate the wishes of China to secure operating bases in the Pacific. To do so wouldn't even be sane. My point was that just because they are Chinese does not mean they can't put a Navy out there. BTW Rufus is a character in an Ionesco play.
Rufus = a character in an Ionesco play
probably doesn't have a clue on who Ionesco is and doesn't know how to do a search to find out.
If they can gain the ability (steal it from US ) to go nuclear then their range will be greatly extended.
They won't know how to use it. Have you ever seen them drive?
Every trip to Dollar Tree feeds China. Every solar ladybug, daisy, pink elephant on the window sill at a buck, cheesy but cute, funds their growing bankroll. Sad, we were once so powerful...and now they lend us money. Pity our grand kids and theirs...they will have to read about the freedom we took for granted, not knowing it firsthand.
Obama just borrows money and give out free to Philippines next. Philippines' Aquino probably has told his relatives in China to prepare higher interests charged to Obama.
China wont need to worry about that because 1 of 2 things will happen. Either Obama will give them full or joint use of our naval bases in Hawaii and other lesser ports while he is still President, or future Presidents will simply have our Navy sink their Navy if they try to flex to much muscle..But were better Allies than enemies. China needs to realize that and soon.
Why do the war mongers have to make a big deal out of China's simple act of kindness of trying to find the downed Airliner?
China is stupid. Instead of making friends, he makes enemies.
From recent signs of the way the communist chinese mind works, let us pray these worthies never grow powerful enough to challenge the U.S. If they did they would surely push America around as they are pushing the small Asian nations around today
No, they wouldn't. Americans are too fat too push...better to just roll you around on your bellies.
when McDonalds get done with china they will all be fat too lol
Great! Then the two countries will get along...cuz fat people are known to be jolly.
If the foundation be destroyed what can the righteous do? America has the strongest foundation on planet earth as a Nation,all other nations are just dragging their feet.They can never meet America foundation.NEVER.
How so? Are you aware that we have a barely adequate health care system compared to other developed countries? And we have stagnant wages for most Americans, the devaluation of our currency to fight bogus wars, no prosecution of high level banksters,and the most egregious corporate polluter of all times getting off the hook (BP). Then there's the lack of habeas corpus since the Patriot Act, police brutality in some urban cities (Albuquerque police have killed 28 civilians since 2010 and some were shot in the back multiple times), Veterans coming home without adequate support, and a Congress that is beholden to the highest corporate bidders. Some foundation, huh?
With the disputes they are having in the SEA neighbors, i think they will never get the chance of getting offshore bases around the neighboring countries...
Bad news for China is good news for world. Cannibal sinanthrops must be wiped out to save humanity.
So let me see if I have this right China is new to this game of hide and seek. Then from Amerika all I hear is dead silence the so-called great empire with all of it's expensive devices in the sky and under the ocean and nothing. Oh right I'm sure it's to expense to help another nation solve a problem. I for one want to Thank China for doing this for one of their neighbors.
Maybe if they weren't such a jerk to other countries in the first place this wouldn't be such a problem for them. Right now the only other nations who want to negotiate with China are the ones that are otherwise estranged from the rest of the world (ie. North Korea).
r they really a jerk or your stupid media is claiming they dont get along with their neighbors. they get along well with laos thailand malaysia singapore Myanmar pakistan south korea sri lanka. its only the american puppet like japan and phillippines they dont get along with. and your stupid media again demonizing china and russia making them to be the bad guy and this weak super power
That is one reason why Taiwan is so important to China.
Phon everyone in the region fears Chinese dominance, which is why even former enemies of the US like Vietnam friendlier with the US than China. It's just like the old Chinese saying, "Make friends in faraway places to deal with enemies nearby." Countries know that the US has a very soft hand in the Pacific, they aren't expansionist or desiring of more territory, they only want to encourage stability and keep shipping lanes and trade routes open. China on the other hand rules with an iron fist, they are expansionist authoritarians who want to dominate the region for their own economic purposes, at the threat of all others.
Which country that Killed tens of thousands of Indians, enslaved tens of thousands of black, created the Global Financial Crisis and made tens of thousands lost of their job? it is not China
what the heck does this rant have to do with the missing plane?
I think "Froggy" doesn't like Americans.
Killing Predatory Deception Occupation Brainwashing Killed tens of thousands of Indians, enslaved tens of thousands of black, made a fortune through World War I and II, and now exploit the whole world by printing dollars Where is the country, where is riots, war, blood
We Chinese will simply force our way into Australian or whatever port we desire and take supplies. We rule the Western Pacific and Indian Ocean.
The sole purpose of this article was to bash China. It's obvious china has few offshore ports because America has already snagged an alliance with 60% of the counties in Asia. This article implies china needs to accept American rule and get more friendly ports. America is rapidly failing power and no rational country would submit to a rival's rule.
In other words, nobody likes China. What a revelation.
Their bullying and trying to seize control of a huge ocean area is coming back to bite them. Nobody will want to have a Chinese navy port on their island.
They can set up bases in Latin America, the USA's backyard. There are quite a few anti-American governments in that area, especially Venezuela, previously led by the now deceased Hugo Chavez.
Gosh, maybe Obama will help the Chinese.
Why is Australia even letting them use the port? Who cares if its for the missing jet. ? Deny access
China is not trying control all the whole earth, air, land, seas, oceans, and outer space in the name of national interest like the US.
After Chinas recent aggression toward all its neighbors, its a wonder anyone would allow them anywhere near their ports, or anywhere else. You would have to be a fool.
The Chinese navy has only moved beyond littoral in the last 20 years.
That's exactly what china wants you to believe.
No Harry, even the uneducated observer can count the types of ships they have, US has 435 Naval combat vessels and 136 MSC ships (if you know what that is) and the US Coast Guard has 244 sea going, and 1850 shore line craft, wbtw many of the 244 Cutters are forward deployed in places such as Singapore. China has 1 practice carrier, 3 Amphibs, 23 or so LST of ww2 design, and the rest is mostly shoreline defense Frigates, Corvettes etc, no Harry, they are not blue water prepped yet, and they have a 100 years, no 200 years of catching up to do, you don't just buy a F-1 car and enter a race, you have to know what your doing, and the US has been kicking all other Navy's butts for over 200 years !
No, Harry....that's the reality. China only has 1 single aircraft carrier....and it's a used hand-me-down.
Harry a true American ! too bad all the china trolls are out and attacking you. .Keep up the good fight!.
And like true Americans, you're pathetically susceptible to chilling fear and paranoia. Any excuse to load up the .45 and the .308, I guess.
I'll spell it out. It takes a lot of time & cash to build a modern navy and mature doctrine. Simultaneous development of global logistics is also a slow process, especially since beyond-littoral requirements remain limited for what is primarily a Taiwan Strait Contingency fleet. After checking-out for a few centuries due to xenophobic Confucian policies, China's navy is following the economic expansion by re-asserting their historically and regionally-consistent authority and prestige. Predictable as the tides.
I'll spell it out, Gyoza. It'll NEVER HAPPEN. The moon will fall out of the sky before China reaches that level.
It seems to me that many people have, in the past, underestimated the capabilities of the chinese people; look, /e.g./, at the Burma Road.....
@PGF-666 - Yes, the Burman Road. Meanwhile, take a look at China's history of #$%$ poor infrastructure fails. Whether it's faulty bridges that collapse, buildings with screwed up foundations (reference the 2009 Shanghai building that fell over on its side because of the foundation), the Guangzhou Opera House, and so on, and so forth. Even the minister of construction, Qui Baoxing said "our buildings can only stand 25 to 30 years on average," whereas U.S. buildings can go 75 years without issue. Relying on China for quality is like relying on a pathological liar for facts. Neither are advisable.
This article is childish. China has no ambition to invade any territory or country outside of China. China has no plan " to pivot Asia or Africa" for the record. China is not interested to be "policeman of the world". For all the aforesaid reasons, China does not off-shore bases like USA now or the imperialistic UK in the past.
I found this report very telling.... the chinese are looking for the missing jet because they have some questionable Chinese military defense employees on it....there were 30 plus folks like this on the flights manifest! Someone knows what these jobs were... someone has those folks ...their family members were put into a separate room away from the media the day the flight vanished! 30 is the number of military employees who were working on something big.... the girlfriend of Philp Wood has not been heard from since March 13th WHY?
When the PRC is able to fill their tankers with refined diesel from the deep water Texas refineries/ports being supplied by the Keystone pipeline, I am sure their navy will be furnished with enough fuel to operate worldwide.
If the world is smart, NO one will make any agreements to allow them to have bases. We need to wake up to the real intentions of these yellow commie B * * S* * DS
Did anyone notice the paragraph where it said China was preparing to challenge Washington's naval dominance? Since when does the US Navy belong to Washington? IMO, the US Navy belongs to all the US citizens. I realize there is a chain of command centered in Washington, but that's not the same as ownership.
No, the US Navy does not belong to you at all.
Well China knows now about the not so friendly ports among their neighbors, due to their " evil " atitude but make no mistake time is on their side as they will start doing something about it. China's arrogance does have some neighborly homework to do as their ambition to challenge our Navy will force them to do so.
China does not need or want foreign bases. Unlike the United States who seeks total global dominance, China's military is for defense of the Chinese mainland.
Wo ai Zhongguo, you have no believers outside of China, except for Chinese temporarily overseas. China's military is for the forced "reunion" of Taiwan.
Then how do you term when you took mischief reef, scarborough shaols and now working on 2nd thomas shoals as well as spratly. you call that defense? thats gaddam 1k kilometers away from you while our ordinary fishermen go there without GPS on daily basis for a mere dozens kilo of fish. what defense, what mainland !? who you trying to fool? you forked tongue yellow reptiles ! SUPPORT SUFFRAGE IN CHINA ! OUST the COMMIE politburo ! BANZAI JAPAN ! LONG LIVE ASEAN ! MABUHAY PINAS !
"China's first carrier, the Liaoning, a Soviet-era ship bought from Ukraine in 1998 and re-built in a Chinese shipyard, is being used for training and is not yet fully operational." Might want to push that date back until the year 3000 for that developed navy. They are STILL trying to get that aircraft carrier going? hahahahahaa
Our Navy, the US NAVY has been using and developing carriers for over 75 years. Good luck China you cannot learn what we already know overnight. Maybe in 30 to 50 years you may be where we are today. By that time we will be further ahead.
The biggest advantage the US has is it's ability to supply around the world. It may take a month to get it there, but it will be delivered....That is what we have over China.
The thumbs down people know little about the military. The side that can supply it's troops the best always wins.
"Were being invaded by the mexican'ts" - When you take the military aspect by itself, that's a huge advantage compared to a country saddled with decades of a one child policy. If a Latino family has a son die, they have plenty more to support them when they are elderly; whereas if a family from the PRC has a son die, they're left with a state that will let them die in the streets when they are elderly. That's not exactly great for morale.
I just read where they found hundreds of kids abandoned on the Mexican side of the fence, where the Parents just left them there to die. Getting into the USA seems more important than their children.......so, who is gonna take care of those parents who abandoned their kids.....THE UNITED STATES TAX PAYER.
Yeah, well as bad as it is for the Chinese at least they don't have Obama as commander in chief.
who was president when bin laden was killed? I forgot
BIN LADEN... how funny is that operatives locate this trash seals assault and kill him and you credit Barry, playing cards while the action is on, and wat, I have no doubt in my mind that Obama is as much a commie as any Chinese, thanks for your comment.
Wat you are as deluded as a psychopath on the wrong meds!
wat the JOKE is you... for not only believing this useless mess you call president but continuing to sleepwalk along in a zombie state ignoring each and every presidential misstep... with Americans like you this counter is doomed, why don't you just go and yell at some cattle!
Yeah, all you just said... Your pal Barry hasn't been able to fix any of it in a term and a half, so the childishness you point at is truth which clearly socialists like yourself can't seem to deal with honestly. PS, Barry has just made everything worse and still has a couple of years left to continue to do so!
wat, I'm sorry but whining Bush stopped working for liberals over 2 years ago, can't you think of a new tune?
You talk about facts, quite comical!
I notice a little shot of anger in your comment... getting a little testi are ya!
No humor, no... I'm still talking to you aren't I!
Yeah, medication is such a nice thing isn't it!
People look at this wat89, he is a perfect example of the Socialist Liberal... nasty, totally deceitful and driven to his sick delusional agenda. Read his posts and learn from him he is what you are dealing with!
Oh and wat has a problem with getting the last word also!
CHINESE WAR SHIPS IS NOT A HEADACHE..? SEARCH BASED ON WRONG CALCULATIONS AND WRONG DESTINATIONS ..? THE MINISTRIES OF AUSTRALIA AND MALAYSIA PULLING OUT ITS TIME BUT WASTING MILLION DOLLARS A DAY IN WATER FOR NOTHING.. IF FLIGHT LANDED SO LANDED SOMEWHERE ELSE NOT IN INDIAN OCEAN.. THE WRONG TURN STORY COUNTED IN NEW YORK WITH WRONG WRITINGS. I HAVE BEEN WRITING IN YAHOO,FACEBOOKS AND MANY MORE MEDIA WEBSITES SINCE MARCH 8TH THE DAY MH370 MISSING FLIGHT WILL BE REMAIN IN MYSTERY OF MISSING FLIGHT HISTORY...? I ALSO CRITICIZED ON AUSTRALIAN PRIME MINISTER FOR WRONG SEARCH ? WASTING TIME AND WASTING MONEY..? I ALSO CONDEMN THE ACT OF PRIME MINISTER MALAYSIA WITHOUT EVIDENCE SAID TO PASSENGERS RELATIVE " GO HOME ALL LOST LIVES " .. AGAIN I CRITICIZE ON HIM OVER ISSUING DEATH CERTIFICATE OF THE PASSENGERS WITHOUT HAVING AN EVIDENCE OF SUPPORT OF DEATH OF MISSING FLIGHT ? BUT I DON'T KNOW HOW COME PEOPLE MAKES THEIR CHOICE FOR THE PRIME MINISTER THOSE CAN JUDGE FOR A MISSING PLANE SO HOW THEY CAN RUN WHOLE NATIONS ? SATELLITE REPORT FALSE, DIVERSION OF AIRCRAFT FALSE, PLANE WAS HIJACK WAS FALSE, THAILAND AND MALDIVE'S REPORTS OF TOVER FLY WAS FALSE, PING STORY WAS FALSE, AND NOW DRONE IS RIGHT TO SAY NOT FINDING OBJECTS ? WHY NOT TO USE DRONES 6 WEEKS BEFORE ? MILLION OF DOLLAR THROWN IN WATER DAILY IS THIS A JUSTICE ? NOW FERRY OF SOUTH KOREA HIT BY WATER CURRENT ? ANOTHER NEW STORY LOST OF 300 PASSENGERS EXPECTED .. THE MATTER OF FACT FROM THE BEGINNING I AM SENDING MESSAGES TO ALL AUTHORITIES INCLUDING BOEING COMPANY TO GET AIR TRAFFIC CLEARANCE ASSURANCE EN-ROUTE FROM ORIGIN TO DESTINATION OF THE AIRCRAFT, WHY ? "BECAUSE OF SPACE SATELLITES , AIR AND OCEAN DRONES, WAR SHIPS, NUKE LOADED SHIPS AND OTHER HUGE DEVICES ARE HAVING HUGE MAGNET SOURCE TO PULL DOWN UNDER THEIR RANGE OF OBJECT, WITHOUT CONCLUDING AND WITHOUT KEEPING PROOF TO DIVERT AIR OBJECTS ? JUST FREEZING ALL COMPUTER LINKS AND SHUT DOWN PROJECTS. UNFORTUNATELY FROM MALAYSIA TO JAPAN WATER BELT REMAIN DISPUTED AMONG CHINA, PHILIPPINES AND VIETNAM ? US WAR SHIPS ON SAILS, CHINESE WAR SHIPS ON SAILS AND MANY MORE ON INTERNATIONAL WATER SIDE ... IATA AND AIR AUTHORITIES AND WORLD MARITIMES AND OTHER AUTHORITIES MUST OPEN THEIR EYES AND SEARCH WHAT I SAID ABOUT TO KEEP CLEAN AIR AND OCEAN ROUTES..OTHERWISE MORE CASES WILL COME AND MORE PEOPLE WILL DIE AND AIR ROUTES WILL BE A FEARFUL FOR THE WORLD WIDE PASSENGERS. Wajid Khan﻿.New Yotk. An Ex Manaegment Staff of Pan Am & Northwest Airlines.
WOW! let me guess... you did the brown acid, huh?
Difficult to understand your English. Good try however.
Good work Habib. You should apply for the next James Bond opening that is available in Pakistan
WTF????? You know as much about English as i know CANTONESE and or MANDARIN! Go get some remedial help on that subject fast! And as for CHINESE, most of the globe doesn't need to learn that crap because English is the dominant language of the globe! SO go back to an American University and join the rest of us!
Not really pertinent to the article.
Maybe the Australian Prime Minister didn't respond because you WROTE HIM IN ALL CAPS.
It seems that China shouldn't have too much difficulty. They just need to start expanding their loan department to include other countries other than just supplying the US with funding every time our country has reached it's debt ceiling and needs money to pay it's operating cost. That or start purchasing private lands in other countries like they have ours. Money opens doors around the world as we've already witnessed.
China is hugely in debt too and they only started mass borrowing a few years ago. Should growth slow they might not be able to service debts. The problem is that growth is credit fuelled as consumer spending is low since they save. The only area they really spend is housing and that is causing a bubble.
This is a subject best discussed within the Defense and State departments, but not in the news. China is being a good neighbor in helping to find Flight 370, and we should be good neighbors by not spreading their shortcomings to the world. Thought Reuters was better than this, but evidently not.
That is silly. It was already well known that China doesn't have multiple bases to resupply their navy. Obvious evidence of this fact is that China lacks multiple bases to resupply their navy.
EVERYBODY HAS BEEN LOOKING, NOT JUST CHINA. AND NOBODY HAS FOUND ANYTHING.
The article has nothing to do with the search Chas.
It just reflects that China's policy is peaceful in nature unlike the natural aggressive policy of the USA who wants to dominate countries.
Actually it reflects how China cannot be trusted. Nobody trust China, that is why they don't have many friends in the area.
It's interesting that China has not started a war but only joined in with other nations. Before you bring up Tibet, there are two sides to that story and you should read up on both. Either way, it was, at most, a military take-over and not a war.
Mao still goes down as the number one mass murderer of all time . Look it up.
Bill, Yes. Mao is listed as the number one mass murderer in history. I wrote about starting wars...
It is hard to start a war when you are busy killing your own people.
You're still stuck on your unrelated point Bill...
The Third Indo China war was between China and Vietnam so you are wrong, and it was started by the Chinese. Also they were involved in the Korean war. But what is your point . if China is in a proxy war are they any less responsible? the only reason Tibet was NOT a full war was Tibet was relatively unarmed. Which makes what China did even worse.
I just came back from Vietnam last month Bill. In Hanoi they have a rather interesting war museum mostly focused on how they beat America and partially focused on how they began to invade China in Kunming province which started a war. Furthermore, China at the behest of what is now North Korea helped to defend as did the USSR... not invade. Next you'll be writing back telling me that Xinzhuang was stolen from Turkey... Yu would be better served to read more than propegandah and actually study history from more than one perspective. Finally, your point is still unrelated no matter how you try to weave it into my initial post.
There was more than one China Vietnam conflict. And we left Vietnam just as Russia did Afghanistan I would not say we were beat. The only one pushing propaganda (NOTICE that is how you spell it) is you if you don't think Mao was histories number one mass murderer LOOK IT UP.
Bill, LOOK AT MY REPLY TO YOUR FIRST COMMENT! LOOK AT MY RESPONSES TO YOU! Check British spelling... it's a little different. ie: in America there's no "u" in honour. Now try to find an educated frined to walk you through it and get off the Mao kick. My comment had nothing to do with him.
Someone here is copying my screen names pretending they are me. GD tea baggies.
For those who've questioned why the united states hasn't done much. You got your answer.
Do you care to clarify your answer, moonbeam? The US hasn't done much of what?
At first dikhead, they laid low to see how Malaysia and asin countries would react, once they seen how china was involved with it's ships, than the united stares helped a lot more. They're not stupid. Especially with the tension between the two and the Philippines over the sparsely islands. Eatadikyoupieceofshit
df - what grade are you in? Your writing appears to be about 6th grade level, and that's cutting you a break. Please do not drop out of junior high school, you're just too stupid to be trusted out in public alone.
China will take over our bases when the dumbocraps and returdicans finish spending us into history.
Aimless wars always do that to any country who aimlessly wages them.
the Chinese, like communists through history, have lied and broken treaties. its perfectly acceptable to them, in fact its called disinformation. and we are perfectly willing to help them improve their military under the guise of 'cooperation so we can keep an eye on them'.
The only people who are reassured from this news are trolls and idiots.
Alex falls under both troll and idiot categories.
"When Chinese naval supply vessel Qiandaohu entered Australia's Albany Port this month to replenish Chinese warships helping search for a missing Malaysian airliner, it highlighted a strategic headache for Beijing - its lack of offshore bases and friendly ports to call on." The Chinese need not worry about the USA as liberals destroy the USA from within. The US Military... is declining and is spread too thin already. The liberals will continue that trend.
ToneDeaf - to bad you're too stupid to understand world politics AND have access to a computer to embarrass your dumb aszsz.
LOL, I love it when trolls show up and provide humor.
China is late to the game. With the world resources dwindling and with a aging population China picked the wrong time to come of age.
Or they're just in time. 2050 will be here sooner than you think and a lot will change between now and then.
With Oblamer in the White House, I don't think China has to worry about any weakness it might have.
China will probably get there bases sooner or later by hook or buy crook. And I am sure there are some countries that will take there money to let them have ports in there country.
no...its easier to still take lesser money, even if that is the case from the u.s. the trust and security has been established for a 100 years by the u.s. and these countries. and even when we were not as strong durning beginning of ww2....they saw how the u.s. was able to conquer island by island from a world away inching towards japan. for as much as I get #$%$ at wasted money and idiot moves this govt does, this does seem to be very smart and long ranged. obv. it was u.s. military thinkers and not politicians. (although we have to give props to politicians for maintaining this very strategic plan) plus it doesn't hurt that over all most countries want peace and security.
If China is smart they would just hold off and wait until the U.S is broke and can't afford to have a global military. They can purchase all the bases the need.
what a stupid comment, you are an idiot
Malcolm 10 is a certified moron!
What grade are both of you in? So you two genius idiots, how big is the debt? How do we pay it off? Do you even have a clue you punk #$%$ wipes.
Here's the whole problem with this story (it never crashed in the Indian Ocean) that Plane is on a U.S. Military Island and those people are being held against their will !!
According to the right wing alarmists china is taking over the world...
And China thinks and acts like its at par with the United States. What a shame.
I know right? They should aim for a higher target.
Do people realize that Chinese nuclear missiles are aimed at the USA?
they cant use them unless they want to be annihilated
Most estimates of the number of Chinese nukes is around 200. Not impressive. The UK and France EACH has that many nukes. The US has around 40 times that, including 2000 actives. So if the Chinese want to launch, they know that we could blanket their country with many, many times the number they could get into the air - and we can launch via ICBM, plane and submarine.
So have the US been complaining about the rising military might of China? The answer lies in the US hegemony.
You call those little toys China has "Military Might". Funny!
@ Brian , What is funny is you do not know those are the words used by the US. What have u been reading? Porn?
China hasn't shown any interest in projecting its power outside of its sphere of influence. This article mistakenly assumes all nations aspire to global projection of power like the US.
Once China start bullying small and poor nations, they will have access to whatever they need.
Fear the gold not the military.
The general feeling around the world is that China cannot be trusted. That's their real problem.
A history of shaking you hand while peeing on your leg will leave that impression....
That's how Americans feel. In the rest of the world, after Snowden, they actually feel that the US cannot be trusted. Ask German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
LenardPoon: You've been brainwashed by American propaganda. Most Africans trust China more than Europe and USA which have been exploiting Africa's resources for several hundreds of years. Middle Easterners see China as less of a threat to their wellbeing than USA which has demonstrated its propensity to invade and install puppet governments.
When there is a war. There is no need for allies supply port. You attack and take over ports strategically. If there were a war with China, the world would be divided into two. China and Russia against the American allies.
China and Russia? Do you know ANY history?
They are sure getting along pretty well now
Tom gets all his history from the comic books.
Just like the Japan, Vietnam ,they were no friend with the US and now .they are all buddy ,why ?
I guess we to go to war to find out
That's like a post I read about the Ukraine crisis recently. The author of the comment stated that Russia, China and India would team up against the US and Europe. Whaaaaaaat? In what reality? Certainly not this one.
Tom. You're right. They teamed up against us (U.S.) during all of the Vietnam war.
How long would those two trust each other in a war?
Carl - about as long as the USSR and Germany did in WWII - not very long before they turn on each other.
Sorry, China, but your going to implode economically within the next 10 years. The Commies will be overthrown.
China is unlike us, in that they are surrounded by hostile (or potentially hostile) neighbors. Still, money talks, and if we keep feeding the dragon with our hard-earned dollars, the dragon will have enough money to build supply bases offshore in time to come.
China is the HOSTILE country in the middle of civilized cultures and neighbours. They think quantity would give them the cutting edge in case of a conflict but they should learn from Japanese-Chinese wars, where they were always the under-dog.
What hard-earned dollars??? The US is 17 trillion in debt. If anything, it's the dragon that's loaning YOU money. LOL.
China is hostile, Mustafa, but so are some of the many nations that surround it. Russia to the north, Islamic countries to the west and southwest, and I wouldn't want to live next to the likes of North Korea, and Vietnam. And let's not forget India, although I don't view them as an aggressor, but nevertheless, they are almost as big as China itself, and, as a pro-western nation, can't be dismissed.
You're feeding the dragon??? With 17 trillion in US debt, it's more like the dragon is feeding you.
Shhhhh! Don't tell the republicans...Romney will rush there and withdrawl all of his money, then have the republicans start WWIII
I didnt read this article but yesterday a Russian news paper published that the plane was hijacked by Pakistan and it landed there safely. Any Russians?
I think Courtney Love's theory was closer to the truth
...read that on the internet...it was reported first by the Russian owned English speaking TV channel here in the states..... I forget its name. but it was first reported about three days after the plane disappeared. sounded too radical and too weird, so I discounted it as bs, considering the source.
No base, no problem. China can simply buy whatever bases they need.
You really did not read the article did you.
I do not believe it has the same ambition as the west in terms of accessing the world militarily. It is happy just to be able to deter bullies from trying to colonize it again. Reports like this glorify and perpetuate cold war global conflicts cooked up by western civilization.
Since America is through with its blue water navy, just sell or lease America's bases to China.
Let's help China meet its goal of getting that fully operational blue-water navy! Let's continue to buy Chinese goods to the tune of billions of dollars a year.
Buy made in USA! Bought my son some sockets for his birthday. Went to Sears, all the Craftsman ones I looked at were made in China. No dice, put them back on the shelf and told the manager why. Went to Fleet farm and bought them all from Allen Tools, all Made in USA. Told the guys at Fleet Farm why I was buying their tools, because they were made in the USA. It's not that hard to support your own country and my son will have sockets that really will last a lifetime.
not to mention you got a much better product with allen.
No doubt the Chinese blue water fleet is not yet a strategic naval threat. However the US Navy must focus on weapon systems that the Chinese have developed. The Chinese always knew that the Taiwan Strait would have to be cleared of hostile ships if there ever was a war between China and Taiwan. The Chinese developed state of the art shore to ship missiles. They have sold those missiles with upgraded guidance systems to the Iranians who have fortified the Persian Gulf. The big blue water ships of the US Navy operating in the narrow confines of the Persian Gulf are very vulnerable. If shooting starts, there are many scenarios where the US willingly or unwillingly will be involved. The US faces a debacle worse than Pearl Harbor in less than fifteen minutes.
Part of being strong is having an influence in that part of world in conflict. this is actually smart by the u.s. to establish this. not only to establish this, but to have it built into a long term agreement. the friends we have in our enemies back yard is not only strategic, but also becoming long term...which being faithful means a lot. esp. to these kinds of nations.
do you think the US doesn't have any countersrikes for these ones? think about the Aegis cruisers..
The US possesses these systems, too (ship-to-ship, ship-to-shore cruise missiles). Hardly a one-sided affair, don't you think?
Have you never heard of missiles that shoot down other missiles? You need to get out more!
China would be foolish to precipitate a conflict with Taiwan…not because they would lose…but because they would win. Taiwan isn't Tibet, and it would face a coordinated rebellion they would require aerial or naval resupply of troops and materiel. In addition, they would suddenly lose their well-groomed image of the "benevolent Asian power" uninterested in expansion. Reports out of Taiwan would be ten-fold the problem that Tianamen Square was. And China's own use of "Shanghai Massacre" as a sympathetic mantra to its own population would sound like shallow hypocrisy. Suddenly all the surrounding nations would see China as a very real threat. The memories of the Japanese Greater Co-Prosperity Sphere aren't that far into history. Suddenly you'd have all these nations that have avoided official recognition of Taiwan being very likely to do so…at least a government in exile.
We have to deal with technology China stole, technology that we teach Chinese exchange students in our own schools, and technology Bill Clinton gave them.
@bg,Trident, David. There is major concern within the Navy. Those missiles if fired have less than 20 seconds from launch to target. If fired in large enough numbers it is unlikely that all can be stopped and every ship protected. Let's just say for the sake of the ~8,000 young sailors currently deployed in the Gulf, certainly hope you are correct. However would prefer those ships to withdraw and operate in deep wide open blue water. It would be foolish to underestimate what the Chinese have developed and not to assume they know quite a bit about the Aegis and other defensive systems.
Obviously you haven't kept up to date on the electromagnetic rail gun and laser systems the US is perfecting. Nothing like hundreds or thousands of projectiles coming at you at mach 7 and laser systems capable of knocking out electronics on high tech missiles. These are not the ones Russia or china should be afraid of. The unknown is what they should be concerned about.
I disagree. Crossing the Taiwan strait with landing craft is easier said than done. China doesn't have a large landing fleet, and the seas in the strait are rough. Furthermore, Taiwan has also invested heavily in missile capability and would be able to target those ships before even reaching the shore (landing ships are slow and easy targets). In addition America's primary means of intervention would be submarine warfare, and there will be no surviving engagements with US subs. Taking Taiwan isn't really an option for China, they would lose a lot and may even fail in their first attempt which would be a serious blow to morale.
I too wish the threat was not realistic but the Chinese have an advantage. They are determining the area of battle. It's nice to think that CIWS is going to save our ships if called upon but the numbers game may very well be in the Chinese favor. The newest class ship (LCS) may look good on paper, but battle is a different scenario. The AEGIS CG, she is old but quite capable. The (new) DDG's and old DD's are also good but some of you think they have an unlimited supply of weapons. This isn't your old board game of battleship anymore. And hopefully we don't pull a Falkland scenario and place all our eggs in a small basket.
When Obama is finished selling out the US to China order the number 6 its fantastic.
China will eventually solve these problems. We must stay a step ahead.
If you are inclined to REMAIN IN & DEFEND YOUR OWN HOME SPACE, foreign ports aren't important. Foreign ports are 'important' ONLY FOR INTERFERING IMPERIALISTS! Provided that the Chinese can defend their home space, that is all that matters. Chinese are never into colonization and imposing themselves in distant lands. And the Chinese have a 5,000-year civilization to show as BENEFIT of such a wise and homey strategy. No European power CAN EVER last that long; because relentlessly making enemies in distant lands, WILL come back to bite you in the behind, and eventually help to destroy european evil empires ... one by one.
China was never into colonization? Ask Tibet about that or the Indians. They maintain all sorts of bases in the mountains to keep the Chinese out. They were into it, but because of their geographical location, it never worked well. As for "a 5,000-year civilization" that the Chinese have, that is true, if you just completely ignore all the infighting between all the various regions. They fights all look very similar to the wars between the European countries, China just had an Emperor to watch it all happen.
@coder Little one, Tibet IS NOT 'distant lands'! People of Tibet and China ARE NATURAL neighbors/Asian brothers. How Asian people decide on living together IS THEIR ASIAN BUSINESS! It IS NOT the business of europeans in distant lands. And note that ONLY euroepeans who are eager to involved themselves in other people's business? This due to them being immature upstarts on the planet. Notice how the Asians never care about how Europeans live among themselves? That is the wise international stance. How little have Chinese & other Asians have to say about Ukraine? lol As for China-India feud, guess who fueled it? Same divisive, violence-loving warmongers as the ones who incited and funded the criminal coup that have Ukrainians kill each other. Chinese and Indians have lived a relatively peaceful neighbors FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS! Enter the evil european invaders; and now we have this Chinese-Indian feud.
@Nirbija: Define "distant". There is more distance between the coast of China and Tibet than there is between England and Africa. It isnt like everyone in Asia shares the same culture. Asian people didnt decide, it wasnt a vote. China came in and took Tibet over. As for having little to say about Ukraine, that is because there is nothing they can do about it. None of them have the military or economical might to play with the big boys (US and Russia), so they sit out. As for the relative peace...the Sino-Indian war took place in 1962. I will agree the Chinese have never been big into expanding outside of their borders. They became fearful of the outside world at some point, as the outside world kept beating them up.
@coder Go look at Chinese and Tibetan peoples again; they are THE SAME people, who originated in THE SAME geography! How same people decide how to live in same INDIGENOUS geography is THEIR ASIAN BUSINESS! The pale ones of England have nothing in common with the African. 'distant' means DIFFERENT, far away different! Chinese and Tibetans are neither far away nor different. England and Africa ARE!
They would just use Russian access agreements.
China has no intention to challenge US dominance in every areas including naval forces. So it has no need to have oversea port to supply logistics. China is a country to love peace, it will not invade other countries. This article makes nonsense.
Now china will be learning to be friendly with it's neighbor's if they want to be welcome with open arms. But with their bullying tactics and aggressive BOGUS claim and attempt to grab atolls and reefs that don't belong to china for oil and gas deposits exploration within it's neighbors Exclusive Economic Zone, I don't see china will be the next super power..
During the Bill Clinton administration the Chinese got ALL our '90's military secrets, and they got a 30-year shortcut to military parity with the US. Liberals cheer about this. Hillary said she was a "co-president"--remember that in the next election. Don't forget, she actually GOT a 3AM emergency call (Bengazi) and we see how she handled it (she turned a blind eye, let the men die, then went out fundraising). She should NEVER hold elective office of any kind.
yeah and Bush used china as his own personal war ATM and the republicans were all for it, so why don't you remember that before you TRY and talk #$%$ about the other political party
Kenny is full of hate, offers no substanciation for his idiotic claims. He is fuelled by hate.
Control of the seas is still fundamental to projection of power. So much commerce depends on it.
china has a tiny navy as well, smaller than that of Australia in numbers, and with no naval tradition of its own and resorting to stealing tech from US and England. The Chinese are merchants, not warriors.
Very nieve artical. Japan very quickly took over the Pacific! China will invade Tiland, Burma, Loas, Vietnam, then quickly leapfrog across the Phillipians, got the Idea!
Read the last couple of chapters of that book Jerome. Also look up the definition of nieve. I suspect you actually just misspelled naïve as opposed to using an unusual word that makes no sense in the context you used it.
Real power requires allies, and China isn't that successful in creating allies. They will have to work on that if they wish to become a world power.
What're you talking about? They have North Korea's plastic parade missiles, model airplane drones and bought-on-the-cheap Russian nukes. If they ever manage to get Iran to lend them their children ages 5 and up remote-controlled stealth planes and Koker Drone Photoshop technology, we're DONE FOR!
or they can just assume the allies that the US is losing.
Their first major underway supply ship is the C.S.S. Walmart.
Puts whole new meaning to the term " Red tag deals"
that's same place you bought your tighty whities from.
China's free ride is over. Once the tariffs start getting slapped on cheap, pathetic Chinese goods, we'll see just how much of a lead these jokers have.
The Chinese have ruled the Pacific in the past, Built the largest fleet ever in ancient times. Do not underestimate them
NOT WORRIED, CHINA LONG TERM PLAN INCLUDE TAKING PHILIPPINES HARBOR, BY FORCE IF NEEDED. AUSTRALIA WILL THEN BE FORCED BY CHINA STRENGTH TO GRANT ALL ACCESS AND ALLOW CHINA BUILD BASE THERE TOO. JAPAN WILL BE NEUTRALIZED BY THEN, USA HAVE NO CHOICE BUT RETREAT. GOOD TIMES AHEAD FOR RISING CHINA!! HAHAHAHAHA!!!!
With the tea party in power you just might be correct.
Sink their ships; then they wont have these headaches...
No problem. They will just declare whatever they need as theirs and obummer will let them have it.
Study your recent history, sport. While President Obama's made it clear the US will come to the defense of its allies (e.g., Japan and The Philippines), it was President W. Bunnypants who preceded him who wrote the infamous Letter of Two Apologies to Beijing, and we still only got our Air Force plane back in crates, after the Chineses dismantled and photographed it.
If there was real tension and the risk of conflict between China and a U.S. ally in East Asia, then it is hard to imagine Chinese warships being allowed to enter Australian ports for re-supply," Why does China need a port in Australian for a conflict in east Asia?????
I guess you have never looked at a map recently.
Because China's pocket is bottomless and the world is not enough for her. Fortunately China is not really strong enough to take on the world (yet) to fulfill her ambition of world domination.
I don't understand that comment either.
Not very many AP articles where everyone can make a comment. Read the one on Georgia carrying guns. Everyone knows Georgia is the one of the most racist states and now they can carry guns into bars get drunk and shoot someone. America, stay away from Georgia and their domestic terrorist Tea Party slugs as well. Geesh! What is America coming to? The TP is dividing America and ruining our way of life. Vote them all out in November....
and that has what to do with the write up at hand?
That is one reason why it doesn't really matter how large their Navy is. Without allies and overseas support facilities, those ships are all but worthless, except for defense. Even then, they have very few ports at home where their ships can be built or repaired.
walter you missed the point, that is the reason they have a navy, for defense. you don't need overseas bases unless you WANT to go overseas and poke around in others business.
they only have ONE aircraft carrier and it is an old Ukrainian refurbished relic.
And it doesn't actually work. it is also the PRIDE of the Chinese navy. Really says a lot doesn't it!
China has lots of weaknesses. Why is the press infatuated with China?
China is not a paper tiger. They have the advantage of being a lender nation unlike the US who is a debtor nation. China could collapse the US dollar causing hyperbolic inflation making our infrastructure collapse thus rendering our money on the global market worth nothing and thus our military filled with empty planes, ships and tanks.
I am pretty sure somehow this is also Obama's fault.
I guess somehow it is Obama's fault also that your #$%$ is tiny!
bama continues to do the blame game without manning up to accept blame, we the people might as well remind him of being wrong, being a liar.
Of course it is. Obama is the anti-Christ. He has the world's only time machine and he used it to go back and is responsible for every bad thing that has ever happened in the entire history of mankind. He made Ossama attack us, he told Hitler to kill Jews and the Emperor of Japan to attack Hawaii. He even made Cain kill Able. It's always Obama's fault, even when he is out of office in a year and a half, it will always be his fault forever.
Weak, A person who hides in the closet when confronted!!!!! Obummer the Clown that should be his new name!!!
The US did not gain dominance in the Pacific through peace. All US bases in the Pacific have been obtained through fighting and winning wars with other naval powers, beginning with Imperial Spain in 1898. China probably expects to obtain it's bases the same way. Obama is making it a lot easier for them, cutting number of ships and submarines. Pearl Harbor II, Guam I, you name it, China has their eye on it.
Yeah. That darn Obama. He just keeps messing things up doesn't he?
OK but, that doesn't change anything.
China makes me sick. America needs to sink all their ships ASAP who knows what kind of military tech they will steal from us next? Stop them now before they nuke American cities with missiles the Clintons sold them.
"the ports will never develop into Chinese bases" - Of course they will. Any emerging power would do the same - and has: Portugal in the 16th century, Spain and Holland in the 17th, Britain and France in the 18th and 19th, and America and the USSR in the 20th. "the "string of pearls" theory was increasingly seen as discredited" - They say that because people will believe it, but it's counter to what they're actually doing.
No worries. Obama will give China everything they need.
Hes only going to be at the white house 2 and half more years so I don't think to much will be done.
What has he given them so far?
China isn't worried about port access. They are just going to steal the new American technology that converts seawater to fuel. Once we have spent hundreds of billions of dollars making it work, they will just pay the next Ed Snowden a couple million for the tech and they won't need to port their ships.
Wow they are really stretching a ton of mileage out of this utterly faked event. There never was a plane fools, just because the TV told you doesnt make it an actuality. They can tell you ANYTHING and you will believe it. TV is your god!
The United States, by contrast, has built up an extensive network of full bases - Japan, Guam and Diego Garcia - buttressed by formal security alliances and access and repair agreements with friendly countries, including strategic ports in Singapore and Malaysia, which are easy targets for strategic nukes!
There is no such thing as a strategic nuke. Once nukes start, they don't stop, and China is as vulnerable to such things as anyone. More than most even, as they have over a billion citizens in a relatively small area and without many natural barriers. 5 nukes and we could kill more Chinese than there are Americans. Of course, we could use a much smaller weapon to take out their one patched together aircraft carrier and basically neutralize their entire fleet.
Tomorrows Here is thinking in terms of 20 years ago. Does he really think that no one thought about this years ago?
In the long run this will only speed up the ability of the Chinese to have what they need to become dominant. Make no mistake, a totalitarian, agressive, arrogant regime , once fully armed, becomes a great danger to its weaker neighbors and eventually to the world. And Russia has just started to demonstrate it ...
Russia has DECADES of experience with this sort of thing under its belt. China doesn't. They're more of a danger to themselves, than anyone else. You're only as strong as your weakest muscle, and China has several very weak ones.
How so? china must steal tech just to stay within 30 years of the USA. china's navy is tiny, smaller than those from South Africa, Argentina and New Zealand. china has no naval tradition or leadership. in the last war between china and the USA, china had better jets and tanks and ten times more troops, and they were spanked by the USA. In the Korean War, the USA had 33,000 killed, but killed over 1,000,000 Chinese, north Koreans and Russian troops. Sure, one day it will have a larger navy, but it will never challenge the navies of the USA, Britain, France, Italy, Germany, The Scandinavian countries, South Africa, ANZAC, Canada, Netherlands. And what has Russia demonstrated? That they can pick on a smaller next door neighbor? If they tried that with Italy or Turkey, they'd be wiped out my friend, let alone challenging the USA. Russia is nothing but a regional power.
Ekwensu, ask the Tibetans, the Uigurs, the Taiwanese and the millions of victims of Murderous Mao and of the current Chinese party rulers. RABBIT you are totally mixing up countries, figures and history... are you making this stuff up just for fun, or are you on something ? Your post reflects total nonsense ...
Ummmm, I'm pretty certain that the people you're referencing were fairly easily to steamroll over. Now, reference Japan.....a country that is 1/100th the size of China, and able to single-handedly conquer the entire country. If you're going to use examples, please include peoples that are actually capable of......ohhhh, I dunno......fighting back? It would be like the U.S. attacking and conquering Canada, and then someone turns around and says..."See how unstoppable the U.S. is?"
Sinclair, you halfwit, I cant even begin to figure out what your insipid post means. I don't think anyone can. Are you arguing against cold hard facts and statistics which are accepted as real by 100% of the world( believe me Sinclair, the PLA doesn't really dispute these numbers behind closed doors, its an embarrassement to them and it shows in their rhetoric) or are you are historic revisionist/propagandist for china? Tbet, the Uigurs had no army and tiny Taiwan has held china at bay for 50 years. And in the Korean War, the Chinese, Nks and Russians flew the Mig-15, far superior at first to the F-86, Their tanks, the T34, was gar superior to the WW2 surplus Shermans. You doubt my figures? Goole them, you moron. No charge for the political or history lesson, Sinclair!!!!
The USA need to worry more of Russia and China joining as they have against the west and the USA more then China alone. China seeks to get best of everything by staying out of foreign affairs. The USA and Russia meddle in others business too much. Hopefully China would see that the USA along with its allies are helping with the search and where is Russia to help China with this?
The Chinese and Russians share thousands of miles of borders and hundreds of years of distrust. They are far more natural enemies than they will ever be strong allies.
For some reason the Chinese have been more successful stealing American tech than Russian tech, even though they buy from the Russians.
What technology do the Russians have that the Chinese want? How to distill vodka in 60 deg below zero weather? Seriously, the Russians made great strides in rockets and space travel BUT their technology was seriously lacking compared to the US. If you want facts, look up when the US were invited to enter Russia's Salyut space station back in the 70's and found remarkably "archaic" control systems such as rotating drums similar to those in player pianos that were controlling the ship's attitude and elevation.
China buys Russian-made fighter aircraft engines. The Russians are at least still ahead of the Chinese in making powerful engines for fighters. As long as people keep buying Russian military hardware, the revenue from that will keep the Russian defence industry in business and allow them to keep up with the world's markets for military systems. ..... and yeah SharkSandwich, things have definitely changed since the old days. They no longer implement gyroscopes using rotating drums. They use lasers now for that. They would be much more accurate, smaller, lighter and energy efficient.
This article and these comments are a diversion from where the hell the plane is.
China here makes me think of a 30 year old accountant deciding to become an NFL quarterback because he could run the mile in 6 minutes in college.
That is not a good comparison sorry.
Look at how quickly and efficiently they destroyed our (North American) manufacturing, much more effectively than bombing us. We can't even make hammers and nails any more. We rely on them for almost everything, and the military also seems to utilize a lot of their components. They are selling their cheap throwaway #$%$ to the whole world, if they stopped shipping their stuff here, how long would we survive? Throughout the day look at the stickers on the stuff you use, and see where its from, including the food, and don't forget that labels can lie. If something is assembled or packaged here then the country of origin of the ingredients need not be mentioned.
The people of Okinawa want us out. The people removed from Diego Garcia want their islands back. The world is not as friendly towards the U.S. as this article would have us believe.
China steals and squats on land owned by its neighbor. Using brute force to get its way. A commie imperialism. (yet its not a real communist state, more of a corrupt junta state) The United States, by contrast, has built up an extensive network ....buttressed by formal security alliances....agreements with friendly countries,
As long as USA stops its aggression and massacres, China won't need such a big military anymore. Alawites' blood on your hands! Americans!
This plane and it's passengers never existed. It was an American ploy to expose holes in radar capabilities of the Asian Governments.
Maybe Netanyahu should attack China....all he does is bomb kids and women over there in that City prison called GAZA. We give these guys our hand me downs military stuff lets get something in return its long over due
It would only be a problem for the U.S., which wants to control anywhere and everywhere.
Where would JohnC prefer to see a war fought, here in our own backyards or in our enemies' backyards?
Every time I see a article like this, I wonder someone somewhere is scared of that the future of China would be like.
yes I wonder too where you are going to be??? poop hole like the rest of your billion cousin cockroaches!
I can't even respond to this, your comment doesn't' relate to my post even remotely. lol It's like me saying "What's the score of Philly's game today", and you respond with a "They sucks so much." Sums up about your IQ level to properly converse with other human beings. I feel sad for you. Not rofl.
So China is not so threatening to any body in Asia, so why all these Chinese fears and potential enemy stuff? Wasting all these monies for new fighter jets and super war ships whereas people and cities suffer with under funding.
China has been hemorrhaging money... which they put into the nations highest priorities first, which are military. They have so much money, they build complete Cities that no one lives in. I said they are rich... not smart.
You're short sighted, the threat is not now. As the artificial states China's ambitions are for a blue water fleet by 2050. It's to late if someone is already an immediate threat.
I like the way the americans pat themselves on the back and boost themselves with things like. "WE ARE EXCEPTIONAL" . OK But exceptional what.? fools..idiots,?
Why would China need all these bases. China never had ambition to move that far beyond its border thru out its history except for trades. This is not even a weakness. May be US should start consider spending more money in US as well.
Nice try to cover up the greeds, Mr. Minister of Propaganda Ministry. The world observes China's actions to make judgement, not its words which are taken at face value only.
Uh, okay let's for a SECOND look at your statement and then ask yourself - why exactly does the US need all those military basis all over the damn planet? The US points the finger at China, while ignoring the three pointing back at themselves.
No, it's not a weakness just a limitation that does not bother China - given its ambition. It would be difficult for the US to project power without its navy given its ambition. as you said.
yes, but china has the ambition now. And they will be spanked.
@ Ty22 I like your idea spending more money to US so Chinas economy will go to drain....Your is a perfect solution to Chinas ignorance on the laws of the sea
China cannot afford to let the quality of life of its people to decline, otherwise there will be civil unrest. Relentless economic growth has been China's insurance policy against instability. China needs to expand to keep its people happy. It isn't a democracy. It can't afford to let things go backwards. Yet even in a democracy, instability can still happen. Just look at Greece and its Golden Dawn movement. A country doesn't have to be a totalitarian regime to embrace right-wing ideologies. It can even happen here in Australia. If our economy went bust, the APP and ADL would have a field day. Pauline Hanson's political career would be reincarnated. The kind of nationalism you see in China today can happen in any country. It can happen in Greece, Belgium, Japan, Norway, Argentina, Ukraine and Australia.
law is only as effective as enforcement, gwapa.
May be the Chinese government leaders will begin to understand the game of "networking" and stop bullying its neighbor. Stop making junk, stop being dirty, stop being cheap, and learn how the game of diplomat. Those small islands don't worth a dime if you can't make friends with your neighbor. Get a clue on how to run your country.
"Get a clue on how to run your country," says pot to kettle...
But if China's CCP government does all those nice things that you're listing, that would be an alien government, not a typical of Chinese government of the last few decades. It's ironic that these moronic and authoritarian regimes (China, Russia, North Korea, Cuba, Vietnam, ...) want a multi polar world but they all cling to single, monopolized political system and allow absolutely no tolerances of anyone and anything other than their single polar system. One may say that Russia has more than commie party but the reality is that United Russia is just as bad as CCCP to crush dissention via wicked means to suppress and silence any deemed challenging to UR's rule. Other parties, including commie, are sort of for pony show to the world that Russia is no longer communist as in the old days. Yeah, right. In the old days, commies ran the country by committee of dictators. These days, Russia is run by one dictator and that's probably the only difference.
They were doing quite well in Latin America and during the Bush years, gathering allies as the USA embarked on a warmongering spree and alienated half of the world's countries. Until 2008, people saw the USA as the bad guy. Then came the Olympics, and China's dirty laundry was spilled onto the lawn. We saw nationalist protests across the world by overseas Mainland Chinese over Western criticism of what was happening in Tibet and China revealed its ugly side. It was around the same time that the territorial disputes went into full swing. Since then, the USA under the Obama administration has withdrawn its warmongering stance and reverted back to its mild demeanour during the Clinton years.
China has few friends around except for N & S. Koreas and it's hard to make new ones unless they stop bullying, threatening, stealing neighbour's properties and territories..If it acts on the present strategy it will never become a "super power", Thank God !!!
Super powers don't eat with little sticks, we have stainless steel utensils. Ever try to eat soup with a stick, doesn't work. At least if a Chinese airliner goes down in the sea, those little sticks will float and form into a easily seen debris field, but who will care. And Chinese black boxes don't ping, they pong. Don't know if the world is setup to search for pongs rather than pings. At any rate, to modernize thier navy, Chinese engineers are busy on the internet stealing plans for the vessels they want to build, original thought is not a Chinese high suit. Right now China is no real threat to any country, they have no way to get ground troops anywhere. And as for their client state, North Korea, that Army is too hungry to bother waging war, they just want something to eat. And until the hobbit leader feeds them, I don't think they'll go anywhere hungry. Just sayin.
Wow.. so japan learned it cant just take other peoples property to become a super power.. I guess it took countless lives and two atomic bombs to teach them that... yoshitaka... your fkin idiot
Well, they could follow Russia's example and just take whatever they want, if anything, with our debt to them, we are more powerless against them than we were in the Ukraine. Obama will call for talks and send diplomats scurrying everywhere and it wouldn't accomplish a damn thing except loss of credibility among our Asian allies.
Most US debt is held by the Fed and private citizens, also the Japanese hold almost as much debt as china does, you should also remember that the us holds a massive amount of foreign debt owed to the US by other countries. For every dollar the US owes 89 cents are matched by US claims on foreign powers.
Same for the USA. Wake up DUMB USA don't listen to the Evil NsA.EVIL CiA China is the Best answer against the Most Evil czar putin/Hitler Do not support Japan nationalism .Japan is like GB they steal Island and land and Claim them for themselves . how come they don't go after the evil russian who stole islands .Means Evil czar putin/hitler has Bribe Japan. Let Japan go to Czar putin for Protection instead of the Dumb Weak Arrogant /Blind Ignorant Evil NsA/Evil CiA and USA for protections.
China does not go to the world building military bases like USA. Japan government paid for the presence of US troops in Japan by billions.
Japan government paid for the presence of US troops in Japan by billions....but we spend way more money just to be there
We could have made your country a province of the USA but chose to rebuild your country after a war you started, loser.
HELLO! communist cockroaches, Mr. Hideaki,.... and Peter!!! this 3 insects are it again. they even copy each others comments...........LOSERS!
Who in the #$%$ thumbs up this #$%$???? #$%$ humanity.
Genghis Khan....pinoy suck your white master coq
But China does not have these armed military bases around the globe too, It simply does not have military ambitions to control the world so why should it care for the lack of friendly ports?
Ali .............Its claim and aggressive stance in the South China Sea leads me to believe they want to develop the Chinese navy
China claims China sea, anything wrong here?
sam55 The China sea is in international waters and has been for quite some time.
China wants a strong military (2 million men strong!) top weapons and economy, but not to wage war. They learned that the one who wins is the economically strongest country. Then, they will run the show soon and we are helping them get there .
Ali you're naive or an Chinese blogger.
@sam55 Not only is the China Sea international waters it also has coasts of several other nations and major sea lanes running through it. Plus it has potential resources and shallow enough in most places for them to be exploited with current tech.
Hi guys, Please forgive me for not being able to go with the crowd who thinks US should be the boss of the whole world. I do respect China more because it does not and sure will not invade others. If us stick to that principle it will gain the world's respect. Peace.
In a couple of years Chinese will open a naval pawnshop where US will pawn its carriers one by one in exchange for some money to provide 90% of its population with food stamps. US will beg China to rent Pearl Harbor.
You swallowed the fear tactics hook, line and sinker. China will be lucky to feed 1/4 of its people in 20 year's time. Their gross pollution is killing their crops and will bring down a wave of cancer on their people LONG before your dream comes true.
Believe it or not, China is a major exporter of FOOD to the US!!! Ever wonder why honey, apple juice, and seafood prices haven't gone up as much as other food? There's more, but I can think of them at the moment.
And believe it or not, Charley...China will be NEEDING that food more than the U.S. within the next 15 years, thanks to their levels of riotous, unchecked pollution that is now KILLING their soil and preventing it from growing any crops. When food shortages start to hit, and millions upon millions of Chinese are starving, they're not gonna' ship it out to someone else.
Those who producing will never starve. On the other hand, have you tried to eat food stamps?
Were being invaded by the mexican'ts and those yellow devils in china can't wait to nuke us. Stick a fork in the USA. Were done.
Others need to keep their eyes wide open and look directly at China.
I told my children to learn Chinese but the schools only teach English as a second language. Spanish is now the first language in America.
I had to learn Spanlish in American, #$%$ !!!
what a stupid comment! there's tutors and schools around for different languages.
I do not say this to be mean in any way but where we live in the US hardly anyone speaks Spanish.
I suppose that depends what part of the US you are living in, because the US is a big country.
@Bill you mean the illegals haven't taken over with their anchor babies. How lucky for you. Maybe they should swim to China.
your name should be biased moron...go back to your country with that ignorance!
I hate when dumb Americans make the rest of us good ones look bad. Thanks!
@Rich C wrote: "I hate when dumb Americans make the rest of us good ones look bad." Couldn't agree more.
@bashful 1984, that is a very good point.
Search for MH370 also reveals a military vulnerability for US. US claimed to have the most advanced technology but it disappointed Asian countries. US couldn't find the plane either.
Check that logic there George. The U.S. does have the most advanced technology. Not being able to find the plane does not negate the inferiority of other nation's technological capabilities in comparison to the U.S..
Okay so searching for a missing plane means your weak? I don't think so ever heard of knowledge is power well the countries want to know what happen we want to know what happen to the plane searching for answers doesn't make anyone weak it makes them stronger.
Can anyone say for sure that the US didn't know EXACTLY where the plane went and when? Sometimes it's better to leak out info slowly through foreign governments rather than expose your technological advances to the World.
We didn't lose it. This has become a global effort to look for an airliner that for all we know could still be waiting for clearance for takeoff. Come on now how does an airliner just disappear?
While I'm not a conspiracy nut like some (insert Col Klink), I'm just saying that IF the US knew the exact path and location of the plane flying without any of it's transponder data, would we want to share that knowledge at the time? Maybe it was more important to see what the Chinese were able to do in this search.
@George: We all agree. We know what happened, but we won't tell you until you tell us about our POWs in China.
Who would allow the lying, spying, cheating Chinese to establish a naval base on their territory?
Maybe the same countries which the U.S lied, cheated and spied to. I'm sure other countries do the same thing to their "Allies".
Any African, Southeast Asian or Pacific Island that China Buys. Heck, they may wind up with a Base in Texas, everything is Texas is for sale.
John, you are just read the USA media. Actually many countries invited China to have a base in their countries. It is not the host countries that objected but the pro USA countries who are afraid that the rise of China will take away their dominant (bullying)status. And does China really want to maintain expensive bases overseas in today's new war paradigm of missiles? While USA and the west is caught in the old WWII paradigm of maintaining bases all over the world China is busy developing nuclear missiles to reach all over the world. A missile costs a lot less than an expensive base. Imagine it will just take a single nulcear missile to destroy Okinawa base which had caused the USA billions to build and maintain over the years. Chinese don't think like you guys man!!
China has never invaded a foreign country. The U.S. has invaded many countries and killed many innocent people.
Why would lying (I didn't not have sex with that woman), spying (including allies like Germany) and cheating americans (WMD in Iraq) even exist on this planet.
Nobody trusts the fuqing Red China. Tibet was invaded by China, chingky John.
According to Ron Paul, a member of the house banking committee, we owe China about 2 & 1/2 trillion American dollars. if they were to call their loan today we would make a deal to allow them to use a naval base here.
the chingky winky's are like locusts on the planet..........period
I thought you was talking about our President for a sec. there. lol
Commie China has no friends except their puppets North Korea and Cambodia. Chinx go home!
Interesting question, places like Thailand, Iran, Cuba and Venezuela are the first that spring to mind. I'm sure there must be plenty of small islands and a few African countries that could also be persuaded.
China is doing all it can to make friends among the small pacific island nations. It gives them cheap loans, cheap aircraft and boats. It's obvious they see them as potential friendly ports in any future conflict in the pacific. I'm sure they are doing the same in the Indian ocean as well.
johm calm down..got PTSD? that mystery illness that begs attention , freebies and wife punching?
@John: Don't forget a little country called India in the early '60s. Only their lousy agricultural system--in short, a full fledged famine--saved Nehru's government....
So funny some foolish americans mention Tibet. Tibet has been part of China way before you white trash ancestors from Europe invaded the land of the Native Americans, killed 98% of the Native American population and made their home casinos. China will free Tibet once you move your white trashes move your obesity #$%$ back to europe.
U.S: We have never lied and spied on our own allies. Snowden: Objection...
@Richard. Tibet have been part of China for over 4000 years....Tibet is a small nationality/group that needed protection...and China provided that. It's only recently Tibet wanted their "Independence"...I'm sure the West especially the U.S were willing to help them achieve that in return for some land so they can set up some missile bases and point those missiles at China...and maybe even Russia. Think about Cuba....did the U.S allow them to be armed with Russian missiles?? Almost the same scenerio.
With our military getting cut down to pre-World War 2 levels, you can say that America's greatest vulnerability is the Obama presidency.
No one is cutting the Navy! Pre world war II levels are still millions of men! Besides it is all about technology now. Poor stupic CONservatard. Just doesn't understand the new world of science and all that elitist #$%$! Back to the trailer park trashie and brush yer tooth. Gravity is real!!
No, one cannot say that at all and be accurate at the same time.
Someone should abort teabaggers like the OG. Did they all drop out in the 4th grade? Are they all halfwits who watch info-tainment channels likie FAUXNEWS to get their info? Hey idiot, did you know that the USA has a navy that is bigger than the next 37 world navies, COMBINED???? And where did you halfwit right-wingers get the speaking point, "pre-World War 2 levels". We can never go back to pre-World War 2 levels, you morons, if we did, we'd have steam powered battleships and aircraft carriers sporting piston engine Wild-Cats. NUMBSKULLS!!!!
china will always be a joke!
Well the pre world war two levels have been talked about in numerous articles and that was stated for our crazy secretary of defense. As for Richard, i am not sure if you are democrat or what you claim to be but your comment is very hateful, does nothing in helping to discuss the article or make much sense. I think you need to get a Snickers. Maybe the family pack would do you come good!
@Abort Liberals ... every time I think I hear the dumbest comment yet, along comes a topper. Congrats!
The Tea Party, with its penchant of putting its agenda ahead of our National interest, presents the biggest danger this Nation has ever faced.
It was 10x+ the rest of the Worlds budget and is still bigger, our military and tech is already on another level.
I would say China's 1800 mile range hypersonic missile nicknamed "Carrier K.i.I.I.e.r" makes competing against carriers an easy low cost final solution endeavor. China sees other areas critical and the 370 search area is not one of them. Most interesting is the port they are building in Pakistan about a hundred miles from the Persian Gulf entrance. China is also working with countries like Myanmar and off India's southeast coast for bases. China is the real threat, Not Russia
I don't believe in Made from China! You know what I mean.
Chingky winky is on the move!
JPR....China sent a rover onto the moon. How many countries have done that...oh yeah, the U.S.A and Russia. Sure..."Made in China" is junk for companies who force the Chinese to use inferior raw materials. But I think their "War machine" might have better components.
@Doug A missile, any missile, isn't likely to penetrate air defenses around a carrier battle group. The only way to do it is to launch dozens and attempt to saturate defenses.
maybe you should look at the US's new rail gun. It will defend carriers against almost anything...and at a very low cost. Relatively speaking of course
@happydragon, the chinese built rover they sent to the moon MALFUNCTIONED! the stories reported here only means one thing, it's only for "SHOW" to bully the smaller countries.
The U.S. is the real threat, not China. Ever wonder why the U.S. is bankrupt 10 times over? There is no place where we don't get involved.
China AND Russia are a threat, along with militant Islam. They form a triad of serious problems for the free world, as they all disregard human rights, disrespect those who they can push around and are all fanaticallly delusional in their own version of megalomania.
It will be in about 50 years and after they have a few practice battles ! You dont buy a F-1 car and enter a race the next day, you have to know what you are doing !
Jeff ... you feel confident on a carrier targeted by Hypersonic missile coming straight down? How about 5 of them? Do you also feel confident about fending off torpedoes coming at 240 mph? China acquired some decades ago and who knows how much they advanced since then. China is the long term threat. We should not make Russia a long term threat also.
Btw, hypersonic, subsonic, supersonic, it does not matter, Phalanx electronics systems are already on IF whatever is coming gets by the Aegis systems, PLUS Alert 5 aircraft already up 200-300 miles out around a Battle Group, so 3 + layers of defense beginning 200 plus miles from a carrier ! Have you seen the launch systems for that "carrier" killer, easy target for Cruise and other ats, sts weapons, remember the first stages of that are slow, it only gains real speed in space. But, sea denial is coming soon, and no size or amount of experience of Naval forces will matter.
China as well as the rest of the world sat and watched in bewilderment when one of our Naval vessels aimed and shot down a faulty satellite on the first try in outerspace. I'm sure though the Russians, Chinese and anybody else haven't commented that this act alone does put them on high alert as it should.
if china 'kills' a carrier it kills itself.
The agreements the USA have with off world civilizations insures that this " article" is all bs. Nothing you believe or think is real. The only threat is you and your polarized apathy.
Happy dragon....china put rover on moon with STOLEN technology from US
The DF-21 is a threat to a carrier battle group but there are logistical problems involved. First, you need to find and track a carrier in order to target it. If America and China are at war it is unlikely China will have use of its satellites for long, they will either be destroyed or jammed. But suppose they keep a couple and can spot a carrier to target. They launch their volley of missiles, at this point there is a "kill chain" where, at various points using various technologies America can make attempts to bring down these missiles either by knocking them down, or spoofing/jamming their targeting systems. Of course if China does manage to bring down a carrier then there will be no stopping the United States.
@Doug, 1800 mile range, really?? So if it were in California it could hit a boat in Kansas, funny thing is that you can't just blindly fire a missile and have it hit what you are aiming at if you don't even know what you are aiming at, but OK, let's continue into your little fantasy. Wow, so they launched 5 of these, a carrier "TASK FORCE" has on the order of 200+ missiles for them, also it's not the range that makes a missile dangerous, it is the speed. I'm pretty sure the missile you are trying to throw out there wildly as a super missile is the "SUNBURN", it's range is actually far less than 1800 miles and it's speed is on the order of mach 5 (5 times the speed of sound), but still very easy for a task force to tackle and not spill my coffee to hit the fire button. 240 MPH torpedo!!! That's a big fat NO, the fastest torpedoes are capable of 50 KNOTS, roughly 50 MPH. My god, we are doomed, they have lightsabers and the Death Star. Come out of fantasy and live in the real world.
Real Men ... you can check the internet and find Russia sold 239 mph underwater torpedoes to China long ago. They are more like underwater missiles. My point is China is the threat to America and the west so eventually we will desperately wish we had not deliberately made Russia an enemy.
If a U.S aircraft carrier ever sinks then I pity the nation that will be held responsible.
Doug, Cold War, when was Russia a friend of the US.
Russia or China can't be trusted ever, period.
If China ever decided to go to war with any Ally of the U.S. it would be a horrid war. But China will not do such a thing. Their entire economy is supported by the U.S. If China did go to war with the U.S. they wouldn't have 2 nickle to rub together.
there is one big problem with the Chinese CARRIER KILLER MISSILE: it is made in China. Need I say more?
China call in our debt nd we ban imports of Chinese manufactured goods...they loose and Walmart goes under.
China is indeed a major threat, perchance more so than Russia; however, we should not ignore the Russians, at least in the short run.
@ Real Men - What Doug is referring to is not Sunburn, he is referring to DF 21. Modified ICBM desigend to kill carriers. It is not much of a threat, as the Chinese would have to be able to keep an eye on the carrier throughout the flight path (not an easy thing to do when the USN is throwing a world of #$%$ your way). As for the 239 mph torpedoes, yes they do exist. Check out supercavitating torpedo. Russkies developed it to compensate for the fact that their subs are so noisy. As a result of their noisy subs, USN would always be able to launch first. By developing this torpedo, the hope was that the US sub would have to cut the guidance wires on the torpedo launched at the Russian sub to avoid it. Once again, not much of a threat as counter measures have been designed to foil it.
Wow. I didn't know anything could go over 230 mph through water except sound waves. Does someone have some video of this or is it just a claim made by Putin and the Chinese government really known for their honesty?
Nich ... google it and you will find lots of info including pictures. China got some from Russia 16 years ago. There is some youtube video that claimed to show one launched from a destroyer and it popped out of the Ocean several hundred yards away rocketing away like a regular rocket but my guess is It was something else. It actually is a rocket flying in an underwater bubble of gas it creates and may go 250 knots
It's actually called the DF-21 in China's terms. Carrier K.I.L.L.E.R was the original thought by the Soviet Union and they abandoned it. China took over and renamed it the DF-21. But it's a very powerful weapon and will help equalize not having many refuel spots and military locations for the sea.
Why are suddenly all the countries in Asia a threat? You might want to adjust your clock to the 21st era mate.
Unlike the U.S, China doesn't want to reveal it's full capabilities. ... they want the U.S to think what they want to be thought of.
china doesn't have any capabilities. They have no idea how far ahead the US is in terms of technology( 40 years) , battle experience(200 years) and naval tradition( 2,500) years. The USA will only spank them like little children.
China is vulnerable...a couple of well placed nukes would FIX it all up....
@ Simonh - China has (like Russia) a very large nuclear weapons arsenal, including ballistic missile submarines. Before our missiles could get there a hundred of theirs would be coming back our way. Not much of an option.
China is a nuclear power, no one can spank a nuclear power. You guys are silly kids.
Blue water Navy by 2050? China will be a dead toxic wasteland by 2025. Inflicted on itself by it's uncaring greedy government.
I always enjoy comments from my fellow Americans. Their comments help us to realize how smart we truly are. We are number ONE! Oh and by the way, can someone enlighten me about just what will happen to our navy if China cuts our credit? But while we enjoy some patriotism remember, our military runs with the money of China. Wouldn't it be interesting if these guys just cut the funding. I sure we can row our boat all the way to Asia.
We should just not bother to pay them back and close all the dollar stores, then they will be in the poo poo.
d b you are dumber than most
right on..if the u.s had to pay it's bills....it might be a bit short....but lots of money for the military..WHEN THEIR IN THERE....
Interesting comment, some Western countries depend on gas for their industries, and we number ONE depend on Asian credit...?
And remember this that China is dependent on other nations oil. And if China tries to take advantage of anything, They will have their oil plug pulled, and their whole economy will go down the pipes.
We could retaliate by cutting off China's access to Walmart
Guys just be more enlightened, not paying the bill will not help us. Doing so would mean that our sweet dollars will be worth nothing. Armando, sorry I didn't get your question
chinese investors dont own as much US credit as we are lead to believe.yes they do hold a lot,but a small fraction to what the Fed Res. holds.Chinese investors bought out mostly Japanese owned investments here in the US.main reason is that they were stable investments.
China is not dependent on US oil.
China, however, relies on the US to buy it's goods. It could cut off our credit, but that would harm it's own economy, as people would stop buying their goods.
well spoken, J-P. I have said for almost a decade now that the next war will be fought economically, not militarily.
Eric is the winner --his comment is right on target --the rest of you have Chinese fear
It always astounds me how little you "Anti-American" Americans know about your own country,
@ Jean-Pierre: Your listening to too much right wing propaganda!! The latest treasury figures show the total U.S. debt, as of Dec 2013, was $17.23 Trillions!! The Chinese Gov. and Japan each owned approximately $ 1.1 Trillion each!! The most U.S. debt held by any foreign government!!
G. can we even pay back that 1.1 trillion? I do travel to Japan, China and Europe. Do we realize that the only thing they are trying to do is to destabilize the US dollar and replace it most likely with the Euro or Yen. The rest of the world thinks that we are unstable in our politics.
@Nick America is one of the few countries on the planet fully capable of self-sustaining without outside resources for very long periods of time. Our country is vast and resource rich, and thanks to Alaska and offshore territories, fuel/energy is not a huge issue. At least not one that cannot be worked around. Also, we can grow, raise, and produce much of our own food. US does not "need" China, they just provide cheap labor for the 1% to get rich off of.
BS JP--China only own 6% of our debt--China would totally/catastrophically collapse without the U.S.-- please be REAL here--
You give China TO MUCH Credit and America TOO Little…..
Well, looks like Temple won that round.
Did you read the article about how vastly superior our military is? For all of you talking about debts to China, to put a fine point on it.......Let them come collect.
Hey - They're just loaning us back the money from theshit you buy from them. STOP buying Chineseshit. I don't - but I bet you do. The biggest mouth ALWAYS complains about the exact thing he/she is committing.
@Jean-Pierre: What impact will the mandatory July 2015 Federal and IRS foreign reporting requirements have on the US Dollar's value?
Jean-Pierre isn't his real name, Jing Ping is.
China gets increasing amounts of oil from Russia so is becoming less dependent on US oil. China is also replacing US consumers with Chinese consumers. When trade embargoes start between China and Japan, that will be a good thing for China because it will spur the production of better quality cars in China, and maybe even cameras (something sadly lacking).
Jean-Pierre - you are a fifty cent propagandist paid to misinform on Beijing's behalf - your government's support for the cyber theft of western technology amounts to over one trillion dollars a year for ten years now - where is this debt you speak? Education isn't free and multiplied by a billion and a half people it gets real expensive - time to pay up China!
Well Jean if China cuts our credit we'll just keep borrowing from American citizens they own the majority of our debt. By the way our planes, destroyers, carrires, subs, etc. have already been built I doubt they'll desintegrate if China cuts our credit.
Obama has a printing press in his basement. He has all the money this Country needs BUT if he needs some extra he can take that jet away from his wife and keep her from running all over the world and keep her "ares" home for awhile.
You know ZERO about international economics so you should probably just keep your mouth closed.
The U.S. might be in debt to many foreign nations but if you compare assets U.S. far outnumbers all. There is a reason why we depend on foreign oil while the U.S. has tons up north.
HEY buddy by some of my stuff so I have money to conquer you!
China can't be a world power if it's continuing to bully it's neighbors.
neither can the U.S. if its broke and not the no. 1 Trading partner....FACT
Xuanec, it seems you look like an old trick who can not learn a new trick.
Joe go send your money to Netanyahu so he can buy himself silk underwear. Joe watches those Israhell infomercials and sends money to Israel.
Their biggest problem, of course, is food. Damn Chinese food is only good for half and hour and you are hungry again.
We could never have a war with any one. We could not afford it. Who would pay our bills. We cant support ourselves. We area sad group of havebins. Thank you Congress for spending everything and sending away all our manufacturing. You did a great job for the rich who dont give a tihs.
I'm guessing part of the Billions we give to other countries buys us access to their ports and air space.
China has shown it's expansion is not friendly or respectful of the counties around it. It seams to want domination by force.
keep buying Chinese junk and they will take us over!!!
Navy by 2050?! Whats the point? Everyone else will be shooting beams from orbit.
Exactly. Doesn't that tell you China's navy is so out of date that it desperately needs to be upgraded and that its increased expenditure is mainly used for upgrading its military? After all, China probably has the largest tonnage of WW2 military equipment in the world which should really be decommissioned and sold off as scrap metal. I guess the military industrial complex (MIC) and its proponents have been seizing on this fact to press home the point that China's navy is the largest in the world with all its WW2 tonnage and doing such a good job of its misinformation campaign that everyone is wary about China. Augurs well for the MIC as additional increased orders for American arms have been secured from the Japanese to the tunes of hundreds of billions of dollars.
Plane search has revealed that someone else has problems with something else!
Will carriers even be relevant in 2050?
Ehh, China will just take pics of one our friendly ports, copy it and paste it on the map...
A point made before. China has not had a "blue water" navy since 1420. The Pentagon's "Pacific Tilt" is nonsense and simply PR to support a bloated budget. (China has never fought a land war outside of Asia proper.)
Being a superpower wannabe is getting harder than what the old militarists in China thought
Don't care. I like the Buffets.
They can if they just keep on stealing technologies and know-how from fat uncle sam.
An army marches (or floats) on its stomach. Fact.
I am more worried about how many nukes they can send aloft if we get into rock throwing contest.
It's tough to make friends when you bully people. Also, it's hard to ask for favors when you have (border) disputes with practically all your neighbors. Also, it doesn't help if the label you as 'cheap'. Also,...
or maybe that's what China want's you to think
I think it kind of sucks that here China was trying to help find a crashed CIVILIAN PLANE, and other nations used their help as a way to gain military intelligence.... Can't you folks just say "thanks for helping"...
Chinese have started late. But they are catching up fast
All dressed up and no place to go.
"Regional military attaches and analysts said it could be decades before China was able to compete with U.S. carriers, if at all." And the highly experienced Commander in Chief said the "COLD WAR" was over too!
China will have no friends in wartime.
Good luck to China in asking Vietnam or Philippines or any other neighbour for help. I don't think so..ha,ha,ha.
The plane disappeared like the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.....
It's not us that seem to want to repeat WW2 it's China,she is power hungry,I thought we were friends at one point?
They may not catch up overnight but they will and watch out when they do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Maybe they can float fortune cookies with bombs in them in lieu of a Navy.
What's the kind of a superpower? Tiger paper?
are you kiddin me? let one chinese ship come within 100 miles of a us aircraft carrier and watch the fireworks over beijing
They can have a port in north korea, china is always been friendly to little fat boy
If China goes to war say good bye to Walmart
They don't need friendly ports. When they attack they will take what they want.
China is still a paper tiger...but over time, that will change...
This is why we are broke. We can not afford to be an EMPIRE. Look what happened to every other Empire, they collapse and so will we. 170 bases and a world wide naval presence is sucking the life out of the 50 states.
They keep making enemys around Asia and they will have useless ships w/o fuel. India, Phillipines, Australia, Japan and S.Korea would tell me all to keep going.
our military won't need these bases as we will have pilotless fighters and robot ships. we will just stay home and watch the action on tv. that's what their convincing our warrior representatives. we won't need to stop any where.
Vulnerability?....that's what they WANT us to think....
The Chinese will just try to take what they .-Japan islands Philippine islands,etc
What the hell ever happened to free enterprise........if they go to a city that they don't have a 'base' in, just pull in and buy the goods............no biggie, unless there is some sort of war...
---China Now Holds A Huge Part Of The US Debt---So We Could See There Military Bases Here In The Good Ole USA When They Call In The Bill----Sorry To Say ----We Could Have Already Been Sold Out----
Things like this will bring china into line with the rest of the world, or they will suffer the consequences....
we shall attack them, you be the first one.
james are you a dolt or what ? I'm saying as long as countries don't trust the chinese, and their human rights record remains horrible, other countries are not going to allow them access to ports... And no matter how big their navy is, it will remain vulnerable.
James is either intellectually challenged or a Chinese commentator. Opps, same difference.
"The U.S. Navy has been at this for 100 years or so," Try 200+. Not to mention : Two 2 ocean and 1 three ocean wars.
If the Chinese will stop bullying everyone they can develop some friends with bases
Not a problem. There are plenty of islands in the Pacific. China should buy a few. After all, they have plenty of money.
Communist China is friend of no country. get rid of them before doin any business with them.
The whole world is doing business with them, and has been for years now.
Should have let General MacArthur take care of them. We would not be having these problems today. I do not mean that they should have been treated in humanly , I just think maybe some things could have been put in place as to not have problems that we are having today.
Yeah too bad we didn't have a nuclear WWIII, right? Things would be SO much better now...
if that plane is in the water u all wont find it for another 75yrs like the titanic. with all this technology and no finds so far thats pathetic. you need to start putting gps or onstar on planes that cant be disarmed
GPS and Onstar operate on batteries. The problem is that the batteries run out after awhile.
arthur - That plane is not in the ocean anywhere, it was stolen and is now in some secret place being stripped of all identifying data so it can be either sold or used in some other operatoin.
That's why there should never be a kill switch to a transponder on any commercial airliner.
China is still weak we can just hit them whenever we want they will not last a month in a war
the chinese thugs has no friends except the weirdo nations
"Beijing's desire for a fully operational blue-water navy by 2050" Worthy goal for them to have. I can't wait to see what our own Navy will have by then. :)
We will lead the defense of our allies, but a new day is dawning on the world's oceans and in its skies. The slumbering bear has awakened. It is indeed time for all good patriots to come to the aid of their country and, to the aid of their friends and neighbors. Russia is engaged in a land grab that will define the boundaries of the new iron curtain. Everyone who wants to stay with the West needs to do everything possible to help contain the bear.
The way things are going now, by 2015 the US Navy will be a kayak, a few rowboats, and some jet skis. 17 trillion in debt. You think others will keep lending US more and more forever? You think Washington DC will actually change and spend money wisely?
Like it or not-- Your Prez does too!!
@Grunt 5 - which president, Bush? seeing as Bush used China to finance 2 wars ( 1 of the the wars being a sham ) i can only assume you mean Bush....unless you meant Nixon who opened China up
They were masquarading an international cooperative assist operation when in fact it is a military operation!?!
That comes as a surprise to you? China is a mercantilist economy. All foreign policy decisions are made through the prism of direct benefit to Beijing. They want to be a regional hegemon. This was an opportunity for them to show that they could project power, albeit on a limited basis. This is why Obama's weak America foreign policy is bad for us and bad for the world. Without a strong America, amoral China and nationalistic Russia will fill the vacuum. The future is Asia and the Pacific, not the Middle East.
Who would in their right mind would F---- trust a PLA military ship at their port
their finding out their string is only so long .
They can bring along a five gallon gas can, so no sea port needed
China won't have to catch up, Obama will meet them half way
neither China or N. Korea want to tangle with the U.S. military...memories of 1950-1953 linger it's the Chihuahua barking at the Pit Bull
Want to know what happened to MH370? Ask the folks at Diego Garcia - they know.. They were the target..
considering how China runs it's own country, any "ally" that china has sure better be on the defensive...
that plane is setting on an island or in Israel. too much time has passed something would be floating in the sea if it had gone down.
you have never tried to find something in an area this large. Search parties have looked for bodies for days and found them in ditches just blocks from where they were last seen. That mud slide in Washington had bodies buried and people knew within yards of where they are, and have still not found them. People have been lost at sea, radioed their position just before abandoning their ships and it has taken days to find them, and they had flares, etc, to help them be located. Finding dead people in an ocean, especially when we are making just an educated guess as to the scene of the crash, is an intensely difficult proposition. If the plane stayed in tact, things that would normally float would still be trapped inside the plane, and may take years to escape and float up, if at all.
only in china is an island called woody lol
blue water navy? what a waste of resources.
Hey USA... You #$%$... You'all in my pool.. You know what I do to my #$%$ in my pool.. GO HOME.. #$%$!!!
If you got the money , you would play battleship too.
Don't bet on it! All China has to do is stop lending money to USA, and the USA is screwed.
And that's why the US shells out "aid" around the globe. It's really buying rental space wherever it wants to dock or land.
correct this is money we borrow from the Chinese.
Haha China. Nobody trusts the products you make, your money, and your government. Good luck in the future haha
Chinese Aircraft carrier is target for US guidance missle when come to war. Boom! where is carrier? it's sink.
It only take 1 nuke to sink an entire aircraft carrier group. China has 3000
China does not have that many....not even half.
Thanks to my parents generation who sold the USA out to China/India. I'll be dead and the Millenials will have to push a little harder. They get to pay for Obamacare.
Only you can change that for your next generation. Don't be just a victim.
Well I guess this means more breaking news for CNN.
U.S. Navy will always be number one.
YOU DONT NEED A SEA PORT IF YOU DONT HAVE SHIPS...........BUY SOME SHIPS FROM AMERICA.........
Let's focus on this wild goose chase,OK?
CNN needs to stop tis over-the-top coverage of this non-story. Wait until something real is found before wasting hours covering this albatross.
China can soon have US carriers as payment for our debt.
The US Navy wrote the book on mid sea replenishment --- seventy years of practice makes a difference
What about the ports in Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Burma. These are for the Chinese.
Their current vessels deployed don't have the range or endurance to make it that far...
Yesterday, 22 April 2014, warships from Bangladesh, Brunei, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, and Pakistan sailed in Qingdao port to join China's annual Naval exercises.
This proves that these chinese idiots are just good at copying and memorizing. They don't think half inch outside of their tiny skulls! So in time of war, it is always better to have lots of friends, not necessarily powerful friends. In WWII, Germany and Japan were the only friends and amazingly, the aggressors (Italy chickened out). So china, why don't you become friends with your neighbors and stop bullying them. There is no threat to you!!!
How do you come to the conclusion that "China is determined to eventually challenge Washington's traditional naval dominance across the Asia Pacific ....."?
why dont U S A let china spend the money to find this dumb frickin plane how ridiculous that a pilot can turn off any trackin device the device should be on all the time they cant turn off the black box right
China does not play well with others.
In 1941, Japan didn't have friendly bases in the Pacific either...They set a record in getting them, but diplomacy had nothing to do with it !
Yes, they did. The outer sphere of their influence in the Pacific included Truk Lagoon, the Palau Group, and Saipan. These islands were under their control after a league of nations mandate from post-WWI. I am not sure how far east the bases went - but they did have seaplane bases in places like Jaluit island, etc in the Marshall Islands as well.
everthing china has was stolen. Now they cant maintain it
just give up the missing airplane will never found
who wants an evil commie in your land or as a friend? nobody, it's nothing but evil and worst...
Maybe they should start being nicer to their neighbors, instead of acting like pricks!
and the chineese are going to have a hard time getting these agreements with countrys they are hostile to
Thankyou !, walmart , for helping the Chinese to build their armed forces.
That's what the news guys say every 2 min.
I'm going to bet the Chinese people will throw out the Commies before 2050 for sure.
My mother, who is now dead, always warned me about the Chinese. She said the US shouldn't trust them at all. I laughed at her. I'm not laughing now. They will eventually take us over. It could be the Chinese against the muslims.. Now, I'd pay to see that.
"the time is not right yet"--Very interesting quote. Perhaps China will feel the time is right when they have the ability to force their wishes on smaller nations.
Why should any nation send war ship thousand of miles away from its shore lines? It cost me hundreds of dollars just to go fishing a few tens of miles from home. No a way to spend tax money.
I guess we just for get about the plane...Right?
China doesn't have a friend in the world…. no one will allow Chinese Navy to port, or refuel… China Navy will always be a 'coastal patrol' navy… never a blue water navy.
does china have capabilities to refuel at sea?? anyone know??
Yes...China can refuel at sea and air, thanks to Russia's technology....
CHINA PROBLEM IS TINY PEEPEE SYNDROME. SOOO SMALL. SO ANGRY AND SAD.
Thanks for making this clear to the Chinese...... lose lips sink ships.
Funny how people say that the US shouldnt be the world police, yet soon as we scale back and let other country take control, people are now mad for scalling back our military. Make up your mind.. Hypocrites!! Life in this world is clear. There alway some-one on top... It's either you or some one eles...
Thank the liberals for exposing us to those that would kill us
And they are going to support their upcoming Carrier battle group? Carriers need lot of accompaning ships to support their operations, it isn't just a carrier out there by it's self.
Not to worry,Obama will give them anything they need,Just like Clinton for missles.
Americans -- stop buying Chinese stuff.
Chinese sailors can survive with a bowl of rice a day, so it's not what China worry about
China has already made sure everyone within 5,000 miles of them hate them............So, good luck making new friends...............
Not to worry ...thru walmart's efforts they will buy LA, Miami, NY, London, Sidney, and all of Hawall... by 2050 ... and the rest of the world by 2075 ... of course this is all sponsored by our great outsourcing congress .. that sucking sound we heard was our jobs, money and global posture..... o-by the bye ... congressman now visit china on their knees.. bowing from there....
all problems will be solved, once america leaves asia along.
China's way if that happens, which will please no one else in the region and cause a lot of problems.
so much ado about a plane that went somewhere. what about the missile that went through the pentabong seriously???
Im sure Iran an Cuba would welcome them with open arms.
The USA needs to wind it's neck in and stop interfering with countries that are none of it's business. They need to pay off their debts and sort out their home issues befoire sticking their noses into other people's business!
People like you are why (Can't remember who to quote here) someone said. "Those who refuse to learn from history are doomed to repeat it" You can try to be an isolationist in a world order society but you'd be a fool.
Why can't you guys, get it through your head that your not going to find this plane until the year 3150.
The plane might not have crashed. US's Diego Garcia base has something to do with this disapperance accroding to Israel. Some Australian papers reported this.
Too late now. Countries around you knows you are a thief and a "fake" friend.
what people will do to get attention or put on the news this is not funny
I think we need to do our best to keep the Chinese navy landlocked. They are a big enough pain in the #$%$ without having a blue water navy.
Here's a fact. the US pays for all of the bases around the world. China has lots of money and can easily afford to do the same. Very few countries would be willing to refuse to sign a deal with China as they could be the top world power very soon.
hx: It is a Reuter's article to sell news!
The Chinese will just steal it!
My theory is the ones that devised this plan got the exact results that they desired...... Stop searching and carry on with life........let the dead bury the dead.
I am willing to bet that China already has agreements in place in much of Africa (400,000 Chinese have entered SA in the last 5yrs)
What do you expect. UK and the west started industries in 1600's? Whereas. China only started in 1970's. 370 years later.
Oh ho! Well, well, well. That answers a lot of questions for me.
China has plenty of money, gold, silver, rare earth metals to Buy port availablitys
Like the story says, the U.S. Navy has been at this for 100+ years and the Chinese for maybe 15 years. It will take them forever to get caught up.........
The U.S. Navy has been at this for 238 years, to be precise. But, I get your point.
Obama turned out to be a real peace of s#!t for the USA!
thats a vulnerability !??! We cant even get to the people in need for days during hurricane katrina and that is on land!
it is the achilles heal for china and may be their undoing in a conflict with the us
The lost airplane search also shows they cannot find stuff under water like submarines. I noticed during the search NO WHALES WERE FOUND. The Chinese and Japanese must have eaten them all. I feel bad for the whales of this world but not for the Chinese who eat them. Let the lost Airplane rot. No one feels sorry for GREEN PEACE whey they get busted by the Chinese and Japanese. Will your grandchildren see WHALES? ? ?.........one ? ?
They will also have to challenge Russian Pacific Fleet
hope we always maintain our dominance at sea!
Trust can not be bought, it must be earned.
plenty of poor south Pacific countries to bribe for access to harbors
i do not believe the chinese military is ill-prepared. china would not have started taking over the entire south china sea, if they did not have the military/navy to back it up. this is more disinformation.
Wal-Mart will do them right. They'll just let them make more sh~it to sell to us.
Blah blah blah blah blah...... like we care for a vulnerability in China's military. WHERE'S THE PLANE GODDAMMIT?? ENOUGH OF YOUR LOUSY STORIES.... STOP COVERING THE REAL QUESTION. .... STOP MAKING IT ALL UP....... WHERE ARE YOU HIDING THE GODDAM PLANE? DID SOME OF YOUR MILITARY AIRCRAFT SHOT IT DOWN OR WHAT? IS THAT WHY YOU ARE TELLING THESE UNBELIEVABLY STUPID AND AGAIN 'LOUSY' STORIES...... SIMPLY RIDICULOUS!!
I'm surprised they don't snap their fingers and make WalMart follow them around with fuel tankers.
OH no a #$%$" in the armor...
WHY DON''T WE GIVE CHINA OBAMA AND WIPE OUR BILL WE OWE THEM ..PAID IN FULL? WE DON'T WON'T HIM AND FOR SURE WE DON'T NEED HIM..HE IS A NUT OUT OF HIS SHELL!!!
I wonder if the Chinese can even imagine what it takes to be considered a base? Things that Cliton sayspluair,supply stores,clothing,food,& of course,you've got to have the clubs.haha Joking aside,how far from home do they intend on patrolling?
China's position is that of "empty vessels make more sound". Sitting on its imagined and illusory position has proven to be self ridiculing, not to speak of its naval jaunts around the Senkaku islands. Shocking..!
To bad that we live in a world where "Man" is mans worst enemy.
the plane did not crash in the ocean. its in a hangar somewhere on land. or maybe right out in the open.
China is a businessman not a gangster why all the fears and Hates???
China should not have any problem dominating us since we don't have any ships left
Then i guess all those 283 ships on the Navy's active roster are just imaginary?
Where do you live, navy 62? We have the largest navy in the world.
All our cruisers are being decommissioned. All we have is Arleigh Burke destroyers and Aircraft carriers. I forgot, we do have the LCS class (Little Crappy Ships)
Navy 62, maybe you should join Kerry in his delusionary bubble.
Anything made in China has vulnerability !
China does not have many friends out there
Hey China ask Japan what happened when they tried to be a Naval Force.
They also didn't have enough coins to pay to park their boats.
Bla Bla, another piece of Reuters junk.
Blah Blah Blah - YAHOO globalist militarist crapola that does nothing for the Americans who are paying their freight.
Well...the Clintons helped the Chinese get our silent submarine technology and allowed the "Chi-Coms" to use a facility in San Francisco as a warehouse...maybe if "Hitlery" gets elected, she'll allow them to park their warships off San Diego
the amount of money being spent on this is unbelievable .why are they not looking for the plane on dry land.
To meet Beijing's desire for a fully operational blue-water navy by 2050......China's not going to be able to catch up overnight."
The Japanese will eat the chingies like sushi
All this writing by the author andnot one mention of Admiral Mahans seminal work on seapower . Shameful !!!!!!!!
This should scare Taiwan, Japan and the Philippines, as they would likely be targets for "acquisition ala Crimea" by China.
And that is one sleek little korvette! (Frigate)
Speaking of MH370, some are now saying what I have said all along, that the flight put down or crashed on land, not water, which is why they can't find any debris in the ocean. This is all a wild goose chase right now.
Yet Satellite Images show the new Fire Ring Pit in my yard I built for cooking Hot Dogs. That's pretty DA*HM good Imaging.
If it crashed in the jungle somewhere, satelites may not be able to show the wreckage.
I think before their Naval dominance" they should worry about. Pollution, colonization of Africa, Overfishing and over consumption of world resources, Killing of wild animals for hokus pokus medicine, Freedom of information and human rights etc etc...
China can launch better attacks from their computer labs and stock market
China today is following in the footsteps of what Japan did pre-WW2....and Russia is like Germany for that matter.
Ah, who the hell cares? China owns the U.S. so shut up and let them remain disadvantaged.
Meanwhile a non-stop armada of Chinese ships come to America bringing us the American Dream
Man... I get "no respect"........ "Rodney " your holding all those worthless "Treasury notes" while the US Navy is buying what it needs with worthless "petro dollars" Da !
Unlike the USofA which has ports all across the world and funds them by borrowing the money from............................China.
ALL PART OF THE PLAN OF OUR ZIONIST PSYCHOPATHS WHO HAVE TAKEN OVER THIS GOVERNMENT.THE PLANE OR WHATS LEFT OF IT IS IN ISRAEL OR Diego Garcia. WAKE UP SHEEPLE DEMAND THE PUBLIC EXECUTION OF THESE TREASONOUS MURDERING PEDOPHILES
go back to sleep like a good lil sheeple slave
The world has been discredited by failing to scientifically spot the MH370.With all the scientific radars all over the world!!Shame to scientific world!!Now lets turn to God for the help!!!
Once we default on our Chinese loans they will be free to dock their ships on ANY US port.
"I am a bit surprised that there is no sign that they even started discussions about long-term access" - they are not negotiating about long-term access. They want to land-grab. Period.
Reminds me of one of those Geico commercial. "Ah, everybody knows that." FYI most history books would tell you that China has been a nation that prefers to be somewhat isolated or inward. Especially after WWII..
Thr ships can only carry so much mongolian dog, rat and cat to feed to the crews.
That's ok, Obama will sell them some of our old bases....Since Michelle and the girls went on their shopping trip to China, we're all buds now.
They own half or all of the U.S.A. Hello!!!!
I doubt anyone would like to help China other than Russia--even Russia might not--hard to imagine. One sees how out of touch this communists are. One has seen China's actions. No one will trust them.
US propaganda desperately looks at China for a "vulnerability" and continues to pay no attention to situation in America.
MISSING JET LOCATION: US PENTAGON BLOCKS ANY INVESITGATION OF ISLAND DIEGO GARCIA, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-qy3EMs0Kg
China can take on US any day. US is worthless country of trash.
Bob is naive, he really don't know what his words means.
When you call your navy an army, that means you have a long way to go.
Bottom line not many countries trust the Chinese and deservedly so . . .
It is no problem for China, since China does not intend to patrol and police the world as USA.
And the answer is not slapping all of your neighbors and being a bully.
China taking their time. Doing things their way at their own pace. Don't worry about it, okay?
I would conduct the search by dropping the Malaysian TV Trio Moe, Curly and Larry show into the ocean near where the beeping was heard and say "go find it".
I don't trust the Chinese one bit. They have nukes, they have the largest Army in the world and they are continuing to grow every branch of their military as we speak......... oh and they are Communists. Not exactly allies of the United States. Just keep them and their warships as far away from us as possible.
Thank God or what their tech sucks and one US carrier group could take out all they have. They are a joke technically and can not even effectively refit soviet junk and. the size of the army means nothing with no technology. Wipe it out in days.
It doesn't help that they have electric-diesel subs around our West Coast all the time. They even launched a missile 30 miles away from the US shoreline 2 years ago. Two former generals confirmed the missile, and it was clear from the video that it was not a plane, but the media covered it up most likely to prevent widespread panic about our vulnerability.
so why worry every night? take easy! USA is provoking a war in asia!
Ni, you have been paying too much attention to the loonies on WeiBo who claim the U.S. shot down the plane.
its lack of offshore bases and friendly ports to call on....... WHICH COUNTRY WILL TRY TO BE CHINA'S OFFSHORE BASES AND BE ITS FRIENDLY PORT.... WHEN ALL COUNTRIES KNOW THAT THEY HAVE DIFFERENT AGENDA WHEN THEY GET CLOSE TO ANY COUNTRY...... MAYBE RUSSIA AND NORTH KOREA..... IF THEY REALLY TRUST EACH OTHER.... and fully operational blue-water navy by 2050..... if not half of china's population can still survive its unseen poverty.....
"arthur", I'm sure you have a good point, but you need to learn to use English or we will never know.
They can't find a pie hole to save their lives
Don't mess with Captain Long #$%$ Fong, or he will board your ship, and he very horney.
♠Don't need to challenge Washington's dominance of of the seas. Obama is giving it over hand over fist. He can't do it fast enough.
if that IS the case then the chinese naval force is a sitting duck.... hahahahahahahahahah
obama will help them with that
"Beijing's desire for a fully operational blue-water navy by 2050" -So in 40 years China MIGHT have a real navy, LOL
Accepting the failed search for MH370 reveals a lot about how naive the public is
China will be like a thief in the night and catch everyone off guard
Nothing a few nukes won't take care of.
It's much more serious then that. It showed the American people that there's not a military anywhere in the world that can find a giant airplane!!!!!!!
WHO wants a bully inside your territory, China is an aggressor in all of his neighbors
I wonder what kind of problem China has with sailors jumping ship when in foreign ports?
I still personally think that plane is on land some where . The pilots were to experienced to plot a course and fly that far of course , and not put land under them as the only place to land .
The US Navy is a mess and China Navy is a nightmare. Russia is #$%$ hit the fan.
"Search for MH370 reveals a military vulnerability for China" Well, finally they found something!...
In the US we all know how well "made in China" really is and how long it lasts.
Ok did anyone find the plane yet?
copy cat people.....they copied everthing from others and developed...even martial art also introduced by a indian buddhist monk called bodhi dharma..
The Chinese invented Pasta and Gunpowder. No shortage of inventions there.
Why should they or any other country need military supply stops and refresher bases beyond their boundaries unless they are out there for expansion? If the welcome mat is not out there for you, then you should get back where you belong. Are you listening China?
Oh, well then. Let's blow the chinese out of the water, NOW. Better now than later. Let's catch them with their collective pants down. And, maybe we can eliminate that chinese lapdog, North Korea at the same time.
Oh what a pity. China has no friends to fight for his side.
Soooooo. China wants to control more and more. How about we stop fooling around with them and nuke them off of the planet? Only Walmart will care if we do.
Dont let the Chinkies come to your property
we pay out lots of money for those lay overs and supplys.
when china buys out america or else forecloses on them they can just take over the once american military bases .
Karen are you stupid or just do not know what is happening in the world??
China will build robotic and cybore,,,,to max the power.....of human....
The US does not have much to worry about the Chinese Navy for some time yet. 2050 i'll be gone by then.
you do it with other ships for supply...
China is planing on stealing forward bases.
obama will do his best to help China. He despises our military and is purging all of our best officers.
It's simple, they can never catch up.
and we didn't know this already? seriously? what kind of incompetence is running our armed forces, anyway? Oh, never mind. That question has an easy answer.
They should stick to running a Chinese restaurant/.;'.
Nothing excite the Americans more than war, guns, killings... Someone remind me which country killed 250,000 civilans in in afgan and Iraq?
Ok let's run some numbers here and maybe can answer your question. Here are some casualty figures released by the United Nations by the New York Times; Taliban & Insurgent groups were responsible for 2,080 deaths or 75% of total while NATO & Afghan Forces accounted for 16%. The Iraqi Body Count Project calculates that 7,419civilians had been killed by primarily U.S. air and ground forces in the combat phase up to April 2003. The U.S. was responsible according to the IBC for 37% of the 24,865 civilian deaths as of March 03 and 05.The other responsibilities were from anti occupation forces 9%, crime 36%, unknown agents 11%.Of coarse any figures are very difficult to 'nail down' and the reality is that a true body count for civilians caught in the crossfire will likely never be known. Here may be some more helpful information; under Saddam Hussein's rule The Documental Centre for Human Rights reports that there were over 600,000 executions, 500,000 died in the Iraq/Iran War, between 70 to 125 civilian deaths are estimated to have occurred for Saddam's 8,000 odd days in power. So perhaps the answer to your question would be the regimes that were in power are responsible for the most civilian deaths in those countries. Unfortunately, the civilians felt powerless to take up arms and make the sacrifices to take their own country from the maniacs who had seized control. People were dying, died, and are dying to this day and America decided enough was enough in both cases. Those maniacs weren't going to give themselves up peacefully and stop the bloodshed instantly, no, America had to bomb them and shoot them to remove them from power and innocent people continued to suffer but yet America is seen as the real enemy by its opponents, of coarse. And yes, America was forged in war and guns and killing to make those red stains on its flag because a people chose to take up arms against tyranny and die for liberty. This mindset continues to this day.
What a joke. By 2050, China will own all those ports.
CERN HAARP NASA DARPA name it and they cant find the plane...right ......I wonder who was on that plane maybe someone that others didn't want them to reach their destination?
You like chinese food? You like it enough to eat it seven days a week for the rest of your life? You will be one of the lucky ones…...
Hmmm... Gotta wonder if the desire to gain critical insight on Chinese naval capabilities provided incentive for making the plane disappear. Lots of propinquity here :(
Reason why China ain't giving up Spratly Islands.
The commy #$%$ are still a WANABE so called POWER! Billions o9f hungry mouths do NOT translate into WORLD POWER!
No the smartest thing to do. Bite the hand that feeds you.
Providing space and trade-routed strategy needed ...
Hmmm...I thought it would be that they are missing several Pings.....
Americans wont say anything cause they don't want to divulge military assets.... basically its like middle finger to the chinese..... feel nice china :)
Human nature, the only question is when does the war start?
I hear tell Chinese citizens are in danger in Viet Nam, Malaysia, and Brunei,, Time to invade and " protect " them,,,, and maybe stay a while,,,,,,,, maybe build some navel bases ,,,, we'll see,,,,,
The Chinese can not cut the funding. Their people would be out off work if our industries pull out off their country. It's a 2 way street!!!! What we need to do is pay off the loans and start bringing our jobs back home.
Better to NEVER pay off the loans.
Red China is not worried; if they need a base, they will just take it. No need to stroke people there now, just take, like taking Tibet by force.
China has no friends in Asia? gee, I wonder why?
Now, now Anamjem....did you forget to take your meds this morning
There is one other Chinese weakness, they are round eye impaired and no see so good, bigga brind spot
Egg rolls, they are a-rockin' and a-rollin' on the High Seas!
Just more reasons for China to take islands from Japan.
Just one more reason why it would be foolish for Japan to trust China--which it doesn't.
Taking Islands from Japan would bring about a huge number of dead Chinese.
You all need to study history. Refer to the 1st Sino Japanese War and the Treaty Of Shimonoseki of 1985, the Cairo Declaration of 1943, the Potsdam Declaration of 1945, and then you will find that China has legitimate claims over those islands in contention. The reversion of those islands and Okinawa to Japan in 1972 was a breach of the Cairo declaration of 1943 incorporated in to the Potsdam Declaration of 1945 which required that all lands stolen by Japan by force should be returned to their owners or be set free - independent - as in the case of Korea. Okinawa was a vassal state of both China and Japan in the 1870s with their own rulers, customs and culture distinct from the Japanese but Japan forcibly annexed The Ryukyus then. By right, the US, should return the Ryukyus to their own people but instead it signed a reversiontreaty with Japan in 1971 and gave the islands together with those of the Senkakus / Diaoyus to Japan perhaps as a reward for Japan being a bulwark to World Communism and also because Japan was prepared to allow the US to continue to maintain bases in Okinawa while the Okinawans themselves were waiting to kick the bases out of the islands. The conflict between China and Japan was therefore created by the US. Members of the military industrial complex would be very happy with the situation.
The US is East Asia's insurance against China's imperialism and North Korea's aggression. Japan is not allowed an active military meaning that without the US, China has a huge military unrivaled in the region and it is involved in various territorial disputes with its neighbors, a considerably higher number than Japan. Be careful about how you deal with the United States because those bases are needed.
Walmart is China's best $$$$ $upport - buy at Walmart and build China's military.
This world does not need war ship, what it worry is missiles.
All built with money from the USA.
Is it made out of cheap plastic?
china sucks and we need to take care of them now before they team up with russia and that asshole Ptin. Mark my words, China is our biggest threat not theses pussy terrorists.................
" China's not going to be able to catch up overnight." That's what all the industries that now are located in China said
By the time the Chinese get a strategic military Navy --the Ship thing will have moved in a new direction--our new navy coming on line has no equal
CHARGE THE CHINESE 2X GOING RATE FOR FUEL (AFTER IT IS WATERED DOWN)
obama will give up hawaii to the chinese ...
Where is the NSA when you really need them? Oh yeah, spying on their love interests or Clive Bundy supporters!
The NSA hasnt solved anything yet. The Russians told them twice about the Boston Bombers twice but they still muffed it. For fifty billion a year you would get lucky at least a few times.
So what happened to the plane?!
Chinese used to being a pirates. They dont look for a friendly port as no one like a pirates.
DO NOT UNDERESTIMATE THE CHINESE !
China Is F@&$ ...it does not even recognized international TRIBUNAL...
We shouldn't let China catch up at all, ever.
Obama my boy dont cut the defense spending to the bone .Some day a poor sailor (US) will have to encouter this chinese ships without the sassy technology .That sailor will need all the technological edge he can get
How freeking nice! Where's the plane?
Yeah, China actually is a paper tiger~so volnerable, pls US withdraw all your military forces back around China?
Poor commie Chinese, nobody will help them. They have no friends, only enemies. Heh, heh, heh!
In times of tension, China is welcome to have bases in mayanmar, Sri Lanka and Pakistan along with logistical support.
Depends on the tension. China is not cave men wearing sandals that America likes to fight. In times of tension with China, even America has more bases, China has more than enough capability to shut down every US bases near by, so does US. The tension either diplomatically solved or go further to the exchange of long range missile carrying multiple nuclear warhead. And again in this exchange, China has the capability to land some missiles deep in US continental. But US has more nuclear warhead FOR NOW.
HEHEHE Filipino, maids and baby sitters.
Philipinos are more educated than Indians. Most call centres are moving to Manila. No one can understand ' kata pata' english of the Indians. Indians sweepers, drivers and toilet cleaners.
Commie Chinese are idiots with no knowledge of logistics. Chinx go home!
They could try to be friendlier for one thing.
Keep stealing its neighbors island ain't going give China any long term port access throughout the Southeast Asia. Boycott China
What if a certain country used 370 as a Guinea pig to make it disappear without a trace? That would be a hell of a weapon and a total game changer!!!!
too bad every other country hates you.. you will never build any ports in the free world
China tortured and indoctrinated it's own people beyond recognition.. is not very inviting.
New Axis of Evil gradually force a superpower country of ChiRussia to build up
Which country that cannot even pay a war with Iraq and Afghanistan and now even wants a war with China
China tried to compete with the US military, but came up SHORT.... LMAO
Diego Garcia is where the plane can be found.....
Dear China, you would get more port access if you stop threatening all your neighboring countries
So what happened to the flight where is the plane?
It crashed into the ocean due to reasons unknown.
China has no intention of asking for friendly ports but will just take them (if they can)
Where is the country, where is riots, war, blood... and the country wish China to listen to it, keep dreaming
@Pe'pe Le Pew - QUIET! The adults are talking.
No country will let China build a base in their country, they hate China. Blue water navy for China?? No chance.
An object that hge could only be lost in an ocean, a mountain range or behind Hillarys a&$.
China say #$%$, USA Who cares, China will do whatever it think its right USA dream China ti listen to USA, #$%$, leave China alone
China does nothing right, they are hypocrites, liars, thieves and and crooks. Chinx go home!
irma, do not throw up your own garbage
@Pepe Le Pew - SHUT IT!!! The adults are talking.
what? this article is a complete waste ! remember, they are looking for answers here, I don't give a #$%$ about their Navy........... isn't everyone looking for a 777?, loss of HUMAN life! answers!!!!!!......your article is playground #$%$ "uhhhh hey look at that kid over there, his shoes look stupid"........uhhhhh ok Beavis.
lets tell the Chinese what their weaknesses are on the internet, lets send them all of our jobs, then lets borrow money from them.....
@tomorrows here...honestly, how can you be so stupid? everyplace on earth is an easy target for a nuke, and they would have just as much to lose. ..ok...remember to breathe now
stupid reuters never fail to be stupid, how can they turn a story from searching for victim of the doom airplane to something like supply line? the fact about supply line about china is a no- news, half the people on this planet knew that. i think the guy from reuters just woke up from the corner bar and his boss is on his as as.
Now China gets to "buy" friends and influence in the real world.....just like we do. Note to China; even though you send "aid" to your new friends, they will still throw you under the bus every chance they get.....just like they do us.
What is this news about? Looking for jetliner370? Or Chinese navy vs us navy?
China is doing business with everyone and not even firing a single bullet yet at anyone but why all the fears and hates???
It all boils down to who would use the 'bomb' and who wouldnt. I believe the US cares more for human life, than some other countries. AND thats a weakness, and the enemy knows it.
Caring more for human life is a strength, not a weakness.
did they find the plane yet?
while conservative rail against government waste the one part of the budget with the most waste they want to spend more....when you spend 3 times more than anyone shouldn't a light go of in your brain and say....what??????????????
They will have been sunk long before they're going to need bases.
IF YOU were the Leader of a Country WHO would YOU want to be Friends with in a Time of WAR….. America… or China…?!?!?!?!?...... YES,,,It IS that Simple…
simple..who ever gives me the most money
You people support China with your cheap made chit while you cry about it.
Are the Chinese looking for the plane, or increase of their territorial ? Probably they find underway some more islands which they can occupy
They are looking for the plane and the world is looking at them.
I hope the Aussies are charging them out the (a)ss.
so, just send a fueling tanker in tow to support the fuling needs of their Naval fleet - why kiss anybody's behind?
China should just stay at home. We have not had a problem on that side of the world since 1942.
we will blew any chinese warships that will dock in our land, we will not let any mongoloids ships on our territory
Pres. Xi: Reuters is Western propaganda BS. The people who know don't talk. The people who talk don't know.
THIS IS A GIANT JOKE. THE PLANE WAS TAKEN TO DIEGO GARCIA. EVERYONE KNOWS EXCEPT MOST AMERICANS.
Not to worry there is a nice deep port in Long Beach ca. THE OLD LONG BEACH NAVEL STATION is now in the capable hands of a "Chines owned company " .
Two brothers Jacked the plane. Does the Pilot or co-pilot have a brother? And anyone know where he is now? Or maybe the two brothers were passengers. One was sitting up in the front row and the other one was sitting all the way in the back.
Thats why China is trying to steal islands from Japan, Phiippines and Malaysia. They want the islands to set up ports.China is trying to schmooze it up with the Nigerians to get their oil and a base in Africa. The little Chinese "businessmen" ( government spies) are trying to get in good with the Africans by using lingo like homies, brothas#$%$....slang from the 80's to try and get in good with the Nigerian oil tycoons
Its hard to win a war with out Supplies As BOONY once said and Army marches on us stomach
Do not support Chinese hegemony by buying Chinese owned companies: Lenovo, Haier, Hisense, TCL, Huawei. Do your research
Only white people are welcome huh ?! ?!
@xuanec, Robert meant human not communist cockroach!
All decent size d's are welcome .....LOL
@ Khan Obama administration is a communist government in its extreme form yet the foolish white trashes are perfectly OK with it.
hahaha ... with 1.5 billion hungry mouths, bully China won't last until 2050 Keep dreaming bull S0Bches: """""China's naval planners know they will have to fill this strategic gap to meet Beijing's desire for a fully operational blue-water navy by 2050 - especially if access around Southeast Asia or beyond is needed in times of tension"""""
Year 2050, well, who knows how the World will look by then.. shattered dreams...
The ships are the cheap part of having a navy.
"The intensifying disputes with the likes of the Philippines and Vietnam have hardly helped." Understatement.
yeah they seem to be making a lot more enemies than they are friends. LOL Human nature I guess….
Vietnam is the bread basket of the orient. Which is one reason for the war ,, along with the oil off their coast that Mobil discovered before the Bay of Tonkin indecent that was a false flag to get control of S Vietnam.
Perhaps of China was not so determined to p(i)ss off their neighbors they would have more friendly ports of call to park their warships in.
--a big probability that america war technology is way far advance than the rest of the world....thats why our hopes of finding this MH370 is getting slimmer...most like the terrorist of this plane is devil-america,,,the really bomb it like powdered milk and those pings in the detections are just created by some hightech american tools...
this is for CHINA a test for their navy, so the USA navy is more advanced, to cut in the budget could be a mistake. today CHINA is not ready yet, only to bully their smaller neighbours, so their claims have a purpose but nations like JAPAN, VIETNAM,S KOREA will be someday in the future a reliabe ally.
"Rots of Ruck".......not going to happen.
Don t worry they can share our base in CUBA with RUSSIA when we leave for the ATLANTIC.
soon as we have china make everything there with our new factories they will over take us
those Grey's hide that plane well.
Chinese like to cut off monkey heads and eat the entire monkey.
hee..hee..rockets, no need for friendly *qorts*...heee..hee..out dated ...hee..hee...
Lets sell China all our advanced weaponry... ...it creates Jobs! Chin's a corporation too!
Wait. What's wrong with this statement: ". . . . especially if access around Southeast Asia or beyond is needed in times of tension." Hey China: you're the country that's the destabilizer! Behave and there won't be a problem. And you might want to rein in your buffoon in North Korea. Sorry. The PEOPLE'S Republic of North Korea. That's the other destabilizer "around Southeast Asia."
China is always weak, it is still a developing country
Why are they looking in the ocean...try Diego Garcia or Utapow Air-force base in Thailand
Out side of the eastern Mediterranean and the far northern Pacific Ocean area around Vladvostoc, the same problem exists for the Russian Navy.
When does early 21st century China naval situation resemble pre-WW II Japan ?
set up port supply bases for the chinese but supply them with substandard items; water in fuel,etc
Bottom line... China is not to be trusted.... NEVER!
Chinese military bases? Stick to walmart junk.
Awesome! Attach them now! Invade! Shanghai in the early 20th century was awesome, let's do that again!
the plane is buried at sea...........never to be seen again.
Won't need to, just continue to develope the solar flared quantum bomb and watch them come begging for mercy... Ching Chang Chikiti Pow !
well why don't you get a bull horn and shout it all the way to china?
How sad for the Chinese that we controlled all the islands and bases that they need to expand. They still can't even invade Taiwan yet!!
OOOOOhhh does anybody remember the word hegemony ??
You mean like Russia over Ukraine? Or China over N. Korea and Tibet ?
We should help China build a friendly base on the bottom of the ocean.
LOL... REUTERS continues with their anti-Chinese anti-Russian propaganda in their attempt to convince the dumb'd down Amerikan sheeple, that they are still number one...!
haha by 2050? why,something happening in 2050?
China was on a humanitarian mission because its citizens were aboard MH 370,it did get a chance to operate in waters other than there coastal areas.Russia is the mad-dog in the closet right now ,allow out best economic friend in the far-east to show-off.
all they need is a #$%$ wok"......some #$%$ fuel.....some #$%$ chicken......some #$%$ etc.........no #$%$ on the planet will help you out......youre bad #$%$ though......just over run the planet with your population.
CNN BREAKING NEWS: Wolf purchased a new flashlight from WalMart and Anderson purchased more peanut butter and jelly from KMart. Both vow to the world," we will locate the missing plane".Zucker says,"both are American hero's".
More CNN breaking news: Lawrence obtained a 50 on his performance IQ test this week .
@ Reuters .... News\ You're puffing up your own feathers..
our allies will jump ship as soon as they see the usa rapidly declining with no end in sight!!---and China advancing with no end in sight!!
Dan, wake up buddy. You were dreaming again!
China has the fat boy next door as its buddy. he'll be loyal like a dog as long as his mouth is well fed
I would think their lack of long range radar would be a bigger problem, No way a triple7 disappears in the Gulf of Mexico
Think about this all other countries, if the U.S. and China went to war would you want a Chines war ship fully loaded with weapons sitting in your port knowing the U.S. will just be waiting for that opportunity to blow it to bits?
I don't think China will have to worry about that,I don't believe this world will see a 2050
This is a reason we have sky high debt
what you sow is what you reap. america is always a lend-hand to others alike even her enemy. that's why its so blessed.
Our USN has a hundred years of history and diplomacy....the darn Chins are just starting.....they won't succeed. Commie bums.....
This writ large is a big part of why they haven't found the plane...............nobody wants to admit that a plane might have flown thru their airspace and they didn't even see it
Here's the simple solution to all our problems in this world, STOP HAVING KIDS THAT YOU AND THIS PLANET CANNOT TAKE CARE OF ! Why have we not figured that out? No need for 2 or more kids, 1 is enough..... Planet can only hold about 2 billion and that's all !!! No need for massive armies!
The world population is already over 7 billion and growing. Did you ever notice the poorer that families are the more kids they want. And then they want somebody else's taxes to support them.
Thumbs down? Please comment so I can tear you a new one.......
China has huge problem , aging population , shrinking manufacture base ,, terrorist threats from within ,, America has these too but is starting from a much better position
China's biggest problem is to few women because of their 1 child policy and abortion of female babies now they have all these men and no ladies for them big problem
San Francisco will take care of them
Yeah China is always making more friends abroad.
EVERYONE IS NOT A THUG LIKE THE U.S!!
Maybe a worse one, it's called China.
It's like they're trying to get China up to the point where we can go to war with them, and it be a "fair fight?" WTH
If your young, are you ready, like WWII?
Hagel just visited the Liaoning aircraft carrier. Try to check out all the videos about the Liaoning and you'll see the Chinese can be so smart.
CHINA ARE TRAITOR, DONT TRUST THEM ANYMORE IDIOT FROM LPA
I would love to see a Dog fight ,between the U S and CHINA in the AIR . BET on THE U S ,everything you got .
No country wants dictatorship of military at there doors .
They have boats now? Build more aircraft carriers!!!!!! A Moderate Republican
That and they have to hold their sonar off the side of a ship with a stick!!
If you believe the "climate scientists" China will have even fewer options in the future as sea level rises inundate many of these reefs and islets that they rely on as military outposts.
@Tigerhaze this is a very good analysis on your part that I hope our naval leadership will take into account.
Now we know why NSA hijack the plane.
isn't it obvious ... if your a jerk ... no one wants you around ...
They need to learn from US: become ruthless and every country is too scared to decline or they will extinct like native Americans! LOL!
Chinese are like Muslims - EVIL.
Talk about a gov't system, not people.
As long as China backs North Korea they will always be seen as evil people, that cannot be trusted.
USA has loose lips and they sink ships..plus Edward Snowden..lol think we need to look at our own vulneralbilities 1st.
That is a Russian made ship in the picture not China
China is learning everyday, thanks Yahoo for pointing this out..will send this Article to China lol
China is more interested in trade than military confrontation. The latter would destroy all the gains it has accumulated in the past 40 years.
China has to learn how to make friends. Every Asian country except N. Korea want's nothing to do with China.
FACT: USA Navy = China Blown Out Of The Water and Sinking To Davy Joans Locker
I like how us American's have bases in other countries, but no one has any over here. We are slick as owl shit over here.....
Mexico has plenty of Anchor babies over here.
China should invade Taiwan and Guam !!
You know that Guam is a US territory?
Nothing a few nukes won't take care of.
Yeah, and be nuked in return. You should put that Hot Rod from ear to ear and awaken your brain. Those few nukes would also take care of us; with luck, you'll go first. Geeez....
The US has built a dome similar to Israel, besides it's the US technology!
JPR...moron like you born every day
JPR. Not the first time, you just prove your total, unlimited retar***deness. Peter. Sorry man, you just proven to be extremely right.
High time for the world to boycott chinese goods!!! We can do it if we work together!!!
Not to worry, this regime will probably let China have some of these ports,just to make it FAIR .
Yep, and they're just #$%$ everyone off in the region - not likely to find too many friendlies, especially in a conflict. China's navy will not be able to start too far, except to Cuba and Venezuela....
They just need to BUY their friends just like the USA!
Did the Chinese sleep with your mother?
China naval should just focus on off-shore Chinese cusine restaurants to feed its sailors.
Bases? What bases? We don't need no stinkin' bases!!!
Not as mighty as everyone feared. A paper tiger that can't float.
Keep buying the "Made in China" junk, and we're basically financing their economy and military.
Plus their ships are made in China
true, so do majority of our ship equipments and supplies.
Forget About it: China has no dilemma....The US will pay for the ports...we keep buying from them they feed us, the make our cars, they make out computers and clothes...look at out ports they are full of Chinese goods...We are too stupid to make the ourselves thanks to the EPA....
What about Cam Rahn Bay? We poured billions into it. It should serve the Chinese well.
Seriously? This is NOT about the "vulnerability of China"...this is about the vulnerability of ANY innocent passenger in a plane driven by a devout mulsim. Jihad is real and EVERY muslim has been instructed to perpetrate jihad. Where is the outrage?????
No this is about a zionist hasbarat troll who can't stay on the subject and uses any venue to change topics and spew his hasbarat bullsht
China is a communist nation hell bent on destroying the USA, stop buying goods made in China
I buy as few American made products as I can because I wouldn't trust the US either.
Maybe it is time to sink China's flee to the bottom of the sea.
think it is time for the US to mind it's own fuking business..
@Kenhorn interestedly most of the countries the want US involvement in the area Japan Taiwan Philippines South Korea and the list goes on
2050? Really....this planet will not survive the next 10-15 years.
There is an old saying in the military....novices talk about tactics and pros talk about logistics.
I have seen a carrier in a dollar store.......
Plain ti see the stupidity and dullness these Mongoloids are!!! Hahahaha
Ya,never thought America would turn into the Country it has become either!
Who writes this drivel? If it were war the Chinese would have brought a fuel and supply ships, you morons.
China is nothing but a big fn joke!!!! Most of the world brags them up like their some superpower and they can't even make a toy that will last more then a few days.....give me an fn break!!! Put their #$%$ troops up against The United States Special Forces and the rest of our awesome military and they can kiss their #$%$ good bye!!! We have air superiority!!!!
Time we all gang up against China and work for its downfall. They are a wart on modern world along with Iran and N. Korea.
During real tension all you need is a good missile with a nuclear head.
Hell, the United States will set them up for you and pay for it.We just gave Iran $1,000,000,000.
They will just trade us some of our debt to them for a few bases.
China is turning into a monster..........devouring the resources of the planet
" its lack of offshore bases and friendly ports to call on." No shit, I didn't know that. And it takes a SAR to find out. Why is the Pentagon freaking out over China's military expansion?
Did Flight 370 Land In CHINA?????????????
Nice ...way to tell the potential enemy that they have a problem and here's how to fix it....SMDH
You don't think that they see it for themselves, you idiot?
Hey Einswine #$%$...get over yourself...(You idiot? with a ? mark)..Who's the idiot!!)
Well, answer the question them. You don't think that if some idiot reporter sees this, that the government of China does not?
China is not worried about this since they will just seize ports if not countries along the way!
Don't invest in China,Do not buy their product they are becoming so rich they wanted to own the world.They are greedy.
hmm, did anyone ever think... maybe China has the plane hidden somewhere, most of the people on it were Chinese right, that way they could look like the good guys in the big farse of a search, and have more access to Ports they are normally not welcome too. Just a thought. might be some spying going on here and a Malaysian plane hidden somewhere in China.... that's the first thing that popped into my mind.
and Obama wants to cut our navy......moron
Someone tell the 1% to quit making jobs in china with the cut in taxes they get in the US.
This is sergeant hugs. I warned everyone about the communist menace. We must again load up on debt and procure more weapons. Our freedom is being threatened once again!
Even their closest "allies" are treacherous cretins....(North Korea and Pakistan)
I bet the Japnesse will be happy to cooperate letting the Chinaman use the Jap ports .. You bt ya.
The Chinese army is no match for the US armed forces. There is no need to argue on this issue.
The Chinese Navy is just like Chinese Kung fu, it has a lot of secret power. It can kill you without touching you!
even these comments made by commie chinese is enough to kill me laughing!
The whole world need to stand to China before too late. China is so greedy and poisonous. We can teach china a lesson: Go Walmart or Target buy stuffs MADE IN CHINA....(do not open) .Return them after a month for full refund.
no ones around China wanted to be friend with China ... simply China ffff off all the neighbors ...
The Chinese are OK, but the commi...... Just don't mix the two. The commi are not Chinese culturally.
They are the enemy. F them. F chopsticks too. Go FORKS! In fact "HEY CHINA............. GO FORk YOURSELF!"
Bases made by China? I am sure it won't last.
I felt vulnerable after Putin called me a panty azshole.
usa is as popular as china - yankee go home phillippine - hiroshima nagasake jepen - guerilla vietnam & these are the allies - all the countries usa war/kill around the globe - ha torode & matina - the last name of writers say it all
stupid comment stupid English stupid profile name, oh yes you china internet troll
Nice is not nice. He is a internet troll wannabe.
everybody can go home now. it isn't in the water at all. it is on land and being retrofitted.
what a piece of rubbish this article is.whoever wrote it should b fired...china ha sno intention to invade others.america on the contrast will do anything to get what it wants, that's yu.s. has military bases all over the world.
I live in China and I am American. The news you read here is just china bashing. There are problems with the PRC though not as bad as Yahoo would make it out to be.
If you live there then why not give up your American citizenship?????
why should I ?? there are lots of Americans living here dumb #$%$
But they do make good soup.
not a thing will be found it's like the old saying achient chinese secret Calgone China is still a comunist country and they just do what there leaders tell them what to do or the chinese mechandise including the airplanes are not made very well
stupidity makes China think they are bigger than the Master USA oh mine!
China needs to get the hell out of my birth country Filipinas!
David: Sounds like Chinese style Brute Force politics will not work well all the time. 3 Replies Yuhoo: May be Beijing should hire George W Bush as "bully Consultant". Steven: LOL. As long as Beijing doesn't hire Bush as "Economic Consultant." Edmund: Or you should hire him as your "Oil Consultant" in Africa and South East Asia. Lol.
Go and suck a pig head.
Didn't our 'ally' Israel sell some of our military secrets to China.....
Why the thumbs down for telling the truth???
china - don't be usa - bases & wars & 17trillions in debt - don't be a nosy useless global busy body - curse of earth
China's interest abroad is limited to business!! War is with neighboring countries who envy Chinese territory and want to grab it!!
Nobody likes communism especially commie china bad behaves toward their neighbours!!!
dont worry, shrubs oil buddies will authorize the signing of an agreement with the Godless Chinese...
If it says 'Made in China', don't buy it......
Ford, GM, Chrysler, ....... are assembled from Made in China components.
Educate yourself Robbert. Ford spent $1 billion in China to build transmissions there. GM taxpayers funds went to a plant in Mexico to assemble Cadillac. All Chrysler transmissions come from China.
To bad they found out now!
diego garci and carlyle group enough said when they are finished with their dirty work, we will then soon hear on the corrupted media that they finally have found the plane
Deng tzu ho #$%$ Hao sho guzang tze #$%$ Boom boom #$%$
The only friend China has is WalMart.
How about "Search for MH370 reveals a military vulnerability for everyone"
I personally think it was the airliner that revealed a military vulnerability of Chinas and they blew it out of the sky...by accident of course.
China Has a Port in the Indian Ocean called Gwadar
The scary thing about this article is the fact that although they may not have ports to go into, at the rate China's control over the world with it's current flooding of cheap priced goods and the fact that the good ole US of A is in debt to China in the Billions...yes, that's right....Billions, it is not going to be that much longer before our ports become their ports.....you think I am joking, then you don't fully realize just how much control China really does have over our financial future. Think about it.....how much of what you buy in the stores today, especially Wal-Mart and other large chain retail store, is made in China? Go take a serious look around some day.......believe me.....it will shock you just how much "we" Americans support China when we buy things these days.
it will never happen for china because bullies doesn't have friends....no one wants to be friend with this thief, bully, land grabber etc...it will only a dream for china it will never happen
China is greedy and a land thief and a trouble maker. The world needs to contain China to maintain peace.
The U.S. can easily blow Chinese ships before the can leave port and do a double take on Moscow before breakfast. Yeah, we're that good.
You are kidding yourself. Weapons don't win wars people do. They have far more people to fight.
All this made possible by those Wal-Mart shoppers.
"MH370 reveals a military vulnerability for China".....So is Reuters planning to attack China?
They already came to my neck of the woods in 2000 (Qingdao and Tai Cang). Our guys were like "watch out for those guys in case they jump ship". Too late... I worked for some rich chinese dude once on Mercer Island (Bill Gate's hood), they have ALOT of money........ And they spend like a drunk horndog in a strip clubl!!
Chinese are spies and thieves by nature..........
So are Americans, Russians, Europeans, Africans....the list isn't exclusive to the Chins....me
like the old grandmas used to say...dont ever trust anyone with little eeetie beetie eyes.........
Lets face it, the plane is not in the water. It is in a hangar in Pakistan being fitted with the big one! How intact could a plane that size be that there would not be any wreckage or stiffs floating around?
GO BACK & LOOK AT MY YAHOO COMMENT, NO EVIDENCE OF THE PLANE IN THE OCEAN. I WROTE "ITS NOT EVEN IN THE OCEAN" IT IS IN A REMOTE PLACE. WAITING TO USE THE PASSENGERS AS PAWNS. I JUST FELT THIS IN MY BONES. & NOW THEY ARE SAYING 7 WEEKS LATER IT COULD HAVE LANDED SOMEWHERE. ! HOW ABOUT THAT FOLKS.
China's "strategic gap" was exposed by the deliberate hijacking of MH370 by the CIA.
Clearly even the Chinese think their Navy is a joke since they force it to operate under the auspices of the Army
i feel soooooo much safer now
2050......2020-25 would be right............and for all the bunker building...ww3 is near....
As story of MH 370 , Drags on ......
IF IT WASN'T FOR THE WAR MONGERING AMERIKANS THERE WOULD BE NO NEED FOR THE CHINESE NAVY
Keep shopping at Wal Mart and they will have lots of ships and bases.
At least Chinese VETs dont beg for attention for life..punch wives and claim freebies for mysterious illnesses..lool FACTS
Yes media tell china how to improve themselves if we ever go to war
china and russia have no friends - that is why they will have difficulty fighting any war
Maggots = Moron. With a name like that, you are probably as pretty as a wet chicken!
Now in Asia Sri-Lanka is a very friendley country to China and they do any think for China.
just make a lot of missiles and blow up everything that moves.
Strike while the iron is hot! Pearl Harbor their sickchinkasses.
I think China is alright. They seem to be running things in their country better than we are. Take a look at Detroit.
抵制中國 抵制中國 抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國抵制中國 抵制中國
You are not kidding, except the one part about the eggrolls vs wontons I don't completely agree with ...but overall pretty accurate statement.
China will not have any friendly basses they can use . Because they are #2)(*&^% greedy . They are cheaters , fakers, no one trust them .
The biggest drawback of the Chinese Navy? It was made in China.
china is playing for the long haul !! what are we doing ?
no one wants the land grabbing chinese
China shall overcome, but first it must stop bullying its neighbors about border "disputes".
China will simply invade and conquer countries with ports to supply its navy.
Spoken like a true 'comfort woman'. The Japanese are looking forward to meeting you.
"simply" is not the adjective I would use.
How about this? The civilized nations will eventually and SIMPLY crush china. How do you like that?
I guess we don't have to worry about the Chinkinese ever locating any of our Subs do we
lord pls help us ur children onto ur mecry we are in lord
what are they looking for ? people or Cargo and why ?
They are looking for evidence that the Malaysian government refused to pay a ransom to terrorists aboard the plane, and thus dumped all those Chinese nationals into the sea.
.THIS IS ALL A COVER UP!!!!!! 20 people on that plane were engineers who where MURDERED so the ROTHSCHILD could claim FULL ownership over their patient.
china has been around 2500 yrs. USA 200 yrs.
And Where is China now compare to USA?
So? What's your point? How old are YOU?
Who care's !.. It doesn't go that way..2500 years for plagiarized, stolen and fabricated research and academic fraud !?. china 's attitude towards her neighbor's is un- acceptable to the world. Bullying neighbors, encroaching to others nations interest.. China should wake up big time ! Especially when Chancellor of Germany Merkel gave an old map of china's Xi Jinping dated 1697-1782 that does not include Tibet, Lower Mongolia, Manchuria, Taiwan and Spratly Islands is at odd's, on how china views it's historical claims and boundary. A perfect gift for a Chinese dignitary hahh ? What was the message to the old Chinese map ?
Actually china hasn't been around for 2500.
The current Chinese nation has been around for 50 years....
The ancestors of the founding fathers were from Europe, and Europe has been kicking butt for thousands of years.
China has 2500-year history of abuses, corruption, stupidity, oppression and exploitation of her citizens.
be yourself china - don't be evil usa - war/kill own & other humans nonstop - demons
War S#$%& Waste Of $$$$. Come On Comet,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,!
....To whom is given, much is required....
Ching, Chang and Choo no makey good sailors boys..
I figured that's why the US joined the search for MH370 to spy on China. Very humanitarian of you. :))
Ha, ha,.. the Chinese should ask Philippines or Vietnamese or Malaysian to give them safe-harbor...
That's why China needs to get them islands...possibly buy the Catalinas from the US, or Baja or the Nicaruagua costaline...Cuba, strike a deal with them.......Ceylon...offer the Somalis some roads and schools...Help the Argentinian take back the Falklands for a base...Protect Canada from US future aggression when their fertile land turns to desert and clean water is exhausted and peeps start going hungry in the US...Allow Lybia and Egypt to develop anti West government for their bases.....a dauting task, lotta work, money and resources....
So what? Are we at war with them?
China needs to remember...the last Asian power which challenged Washington's traditional Naval dominance across the Pacific got....NUKED. We have enough nukes left, to go around...if they really want to play that game.
Erim, back then we were the only ones to have nukes.
We are still the only ones who dare to use nukes on a foe. If anyone nukes the USA, they will lose the industry, food, crop land, etc, they hope to gain. They will then starve to death without food from us. They know it, and so will never nuke us. The rest of the world has nothing we really need, so we are free to nuke everyone else on the planet if we so desire.
china won't catch up being an %^&*((
Same goes for the Russians. They have no friends with ports equipped to refuel. Hoping the situation in Syria will eliminate that particular port. Cuba, Venezuela, Nicaragua????? Dont believe it.
Gee I wonder why Chine has no "friendly" Ports ....... China has Isolated it's self the only friend of China is N Korea...... I am surprised Australia would China dock at their ports ...... China is EVIL and is showing this Yellow Communist RATS
The U.S. has a lot of puppets around the world.
china has a lot of slaves.
john, china has alot of communist cockroaches.......ZHANG LANG!
Japan did it in two weeks in 1941. Without the code-breaking facility provided in the first instance by Great Britain, the battle of Midway might not have favored the Americans so generously. In that battle, for the uninitiated, Japan lost more than 50% of her best carriers and attack aircraft and pilots. That battle destroyed Japanese superiority six months after the war started. China may be able to do better than the Japanese did. I hope our strategists are ready for any kind of good luck that might join the Chinese plans. (ref. Hara, Japanese Destroyer Captain.)
I am so lonely this Spring and Summer Oh, baby! Can't you come into my life I've been waiting all my life for a wife like you Come be my star at night, come into my life I am so lonely this Spring and Summer Here again alone, just another day alone Was I born to be alone all my life? Oh, baby! Can't you come into my life I've been waiting all my life for a wife like you Come be my star at night, come into my life I am so lonely this Spring and Summer Two hearts as one, show me your love Feel the touch of love How can I go on in life, always being alone in life I am so lonely this Spring and Summer Oh, baby! Can't you come into my life I've been waiting all my life for a wife like you Come be my star at night, come into my life ^ We Tha Best ^ - I am so lonely this Spring and Summer
that plane is not there, usa and other allies are using this as an excuse wanting to map the ocean floor and with china there finding out what capability china has,china is not stupid it will not send its best equipment so other nations can monitor it,and china is also monitor usa and nato allies as well as mapping,I know I would not use my best equipment showing my capability,knowing China or even Russia when the time comes it will be shock and awe,they don't tell all.and the usa don't tell everything either.
Now they know there's sum ting wong and they can hopefully improve on it.
Apparently, the author of this article is unaware of the Chinese development of what may be one of the largest, if not the largest, naval base in the world- currently under construction in Sri Lanka. China has arranged to develop an area, that will involve digging a port into the island- a major financial boost and long- term employment opportunity for Sri Lanka. My source for this information is from a BBC documentary on the Indian ocean.
Quoting the writer "I am a bit surprised that there is no sign that they even started discussions about long-term access ".showed that the west strategic planners have misjudged China and Russia. First you cannot assume that China's aim or purpose is the same nor its method of achieving the purpose is by the same method of USA - that is by military dominance. Like one economist said: Another cold war and WWIII had long started and it is through economy and control of the world's economy without firing a shot. EU is the dominance of Europe by Germany through economical methods. What they fail in WWII by military the can achieved their ends by economy now. As for military wise, the paradigm had changed. Missiles particularly nuclear tipped missiles had made Mutual Assured of Destruction (MAD) a damper on actual war amongst the major powers. As such, naval bases might not be a priority with the Chinese but removing or replacing the reserve currency status of the USD is the new priority. Just imagine one day that the USD lost its reserve currency status, USA will collapse without anyone firing a shot. Then how many toys the military have does not mean a thing. Their strategy of "Peaceful Rise" is precisely this - make as much money as possible, have enough nuclear weapons so that no country can attack them and let other countries spend all their tax dollars on expansive toys till they are broke.
Finally someone here spoke a wise & true fact....unlike many who only know how to constantly make rhethoric & silly bashings of China. Very good post. Well said. Keep it up.....!!
I hope the American empire collapses during my lifetime.
i bet that china never knew of this issue before this article was published on yahoo news! now china must show gratitude to yahoo news. thank you yahoo, we will surely take the necessary steps to address this matter.
Nothing good will come from China having a blue water navy, the fact they say its to control south Asian waters is a strong statement of their intent, it can only lead to war in these regions, I hope Vietnam, Cambodia, Malaysia, Philippine's, Thailand, Myanmar and India are listening.
I kinda wonder whether Malaysia obliterated flight 370 without telling us. The search is just a pretend one to calm everyone.
A heck of a lot can happen between now and 2050. Many Pacific Islands are already strongly influenced by Chinese lucrative offers. And I am sure that many African countries and Indian island states are coming under the same pressure. China simply has to bide its time as the 21st centuries only superpower (USA) slowly crumbles into another paper tiger.
It's time to stop searching and just consider them gone . Enough already .i know the families need some sort of closure but all this is doing is making false hope for them.
Considering how much the US enjoys flaunting their technology, they failed in even tracking a slow moving 777 commercial jet. Good luck tracking a few hundred nuclear tipped ICBMs traveling nearly 7 times the speed of sound. This 6 week old recovery has shown many weaknesses in many of the nations involved.
Why would the u.s be tracking a Malaysian jet,idiot?
I can guarantee the Chinese technology is far outpacing their knowledge. The Americans are not going to teach them anything about war techniques. If there was a war it'd be like fighting the Three Stooges. Just a lot of them, with slanty eyes.
One day soon they'll be patrolling off the Hawaiian and California coasts! Won't that be fun for us!
the usa is stationed all over the pacific region. if that's not a vulnerability, what is? anyone would have already known that. the Americans have been desperate to control china. too bad they're spending so much money to control other countries and letting their own country go. but somehow china is forced to purchase their goods to keep them the top economy.
So ---- China exposes its weakness ? Whilst the West (USA, UK and Australia) are showing their strength? BUT it is Malaysia that has the leading stealth technology --- making a huge Boeing 777 disapear into thin air, and nobody can find it. Even David Copperfield should surrender his magic wand to the Malyasian Government.
The ability to have life on a planet in this universe is next to impossible, we have it and all we want to do is kill everything.
In 50 years from now, the American Navy will be 50 more years ahead of the Chinese!
Aircraft carrier is so large attractive slow moving target with all those planes and 5000 people ,its only matter of time when they become obsolite,with new modern weapons development i,m sure they are after aircraft carriers as well.
If china couldn't negotiate what it wanted, it then resort to robbing like spratly and paracel islands from vietnam and reef barrier from philippines.
If the world is smart, it will tackle over population, greenhouse gases, depletion and waste of natural resources. China's need or want of military bases would be the least of their worries. As for communism vs capitalism, the clear cut differences are now blurry to say the least. China is now the world's foremost capitalist in more ways than one. How that fits with Mao's doctrines is something I just can't see.
What is the point of a tracking system if so easily disarmed. I thought the point of a system would be to track any planes in a terrorist attack but if they can just turn it off and then fly low , then it makes it harder. Wouldn't it make sense to have the system on whenver a plane is in the air.
Have you head about the rail gun?
This isn't a U.S. flight dude. Had it been we would have known exactly where it was.
Do you remember the hijacking of 4 airliners on 911 Max? That was on US soil ya know.
And we changed the way we did things as a result
Yes ! But the key phrase is "wouldn't it make sense"...
@Why Knot What does 9-11 have to do with this? BTW we know where those planes went.
Why as a society are we proud of spending trillions of dollars on weapons and logistical placements to destroy ourselves when we could have cured cancer and colonized mars for that amount of money? It all seems somewhat crazy to invest in our own destruction does it not?
No. Wrongo. Our destruction would occur if we didn't invest. You probably haven't been keeping up with current events, but the world is FULL of A-Hs who have no problem with the idea of killing millions of people to suit their desires. You assume everyone with their finger on a button somewhere thinks like you..... that if we just stop making weapons and planning for war, everyone else will too. Like Reagan said, no country was ever attacked for being too strong. And we have 10,000 years of human history showing if you're not too strong to be attacked, you will be attacked. Human nature didn't suddenly change in the last couple of years. It's just a matter of time. "Governments" are the single largest cause of death we're exposed-to. In the 20th century alone, 'governments' were directly responsible for the death of hundreds of millions of people. That's just a large improbable number to you, because, I'm guessing, not a whole bunch of those killed by governments were related to you. If we stay strong enough....your good fortune may continue.
American made products such as the Boeing 777 have a tendency to disappear without a trace and nobody can find it.
Flown by Muslim Pilots to an unknown location to be used by terrorists at a future date against the US of A.
If they can find a WalMart somewhere on the middle of the ocean, they can probably ask if they can dock their ships in their parking lot.
Why even bother. Whomever starts to lose the war will eventually go to their nuclear warheads and so will the other side. Who needs basis in a real war these days. It will be the end of the world if super powers go to war.
The US has put lasers on its ships that can destroy ICBM's. Mutually assured destruction is no longer mutual.
Dear MegaMeaty. Whatever lasers or anti ballistic missiles there is a saturation point. It is a lot cheaper to build and maintain missiles than anti missiles. Plus the fact that the new generation of ICBMs are multi war headed and with decoys, it will be impossible to shoot down all if a rain of them comes down at 3 times the speed of sound. And all one needed is a couple out of a hundred launches to destroy a whole city. It will not be too pleasant if there is a war between major powers.
LOL ho, the new system destroys the icbm before the warhead deploys. You seem to be missing one important characteristic of an ICBM, they are huge, they have a huge radar profile, and even more massive heat signature. The US has put row after row of medium and long range air defense in Europe, what do you think these are for, to shoot down russian migs? LOL ICBM's are some of the easiest things for modern air defense to shoot down, they have a unchanging predictable path and they are very easy to detect. The US used cheesy patriot missile batteries to destroy over 90 percent of the scud missiles launched by Saddam in the Gulf war, Scud missiles fly low and are hard to shoot down, so if you think US tech cant destroy ICBM's, well, that is just stupid.
And that's how we are gonna beat them in the next war. We will wage hit and run tactics to make them use up their fuel and then torpedo the tankers which come out to replenish the fleet.
Americans are paranoid about China's, Russia's and North Korea's intentions. The white man's burden. Always having to prove something.
They are free to do the same.
Having trouble making friends? With its numerous territorial disputes, is it any wonder why?
A pathetic Navy is an understatement of the grandest kind. Their single hand-me-down aircraft carrier is proof of this. It doesn't matter. China's economy will implode WELL before 2050, and there will be no Navy to speak of.
The reason you have military bases all over the world, it's because you have enemies all over the world. The Chinese has no interest becoming the world police, that is one of the reason they don't have trillion dollars in debt.
Enemies don't let enemies build bases in their countries.
If the Chinamen sail their warships anything like they drive their cars, there ain't much to worry about, especially considering their ships are "Made in China".....junk in more ways than one.
Worse - their only carrier is "made in Ukraine 20 years ago".
By 2050 everything..air sea land ...will be drones
I won't be there to see it, unless they dig me up, and do CPR?
China's got lots of reliable friends it can call on for assistance for ports of call...like...like...North Korea.
they may never be the biggest Navy but have a huge airforce and a huge army with the toys to go with them, should have learned that from Nam
If there are tensions, let the ships into the port and then blow the hell out of it..
The Chinese will eventually overpower anybody, because the Russians will back them up.
Why would they ? because they the same enemy , U.S.A
CHINESE TROLLS tf_rodrigues and jessica................ZHANG LANG!
Russia has minimal army at best Russia is scrap as soon as Germany and the rest of the EU kick there lol
The Russians would be weary of China stealing its Far East. They would rather let US and China fight each other, by doing nothing they would come out on top. No one can trust a greedy China.
YOU can spot chinese trolls at a proverbial mile...the stench of all the dog meat is over powering
What's with the propaganda. What does Reuters Know???.... nothing. It's all made up.
Considering the continued influx of Chinese immigrants to Australia and the west coast of Canada, China won't need to worry about offshore bases and friendly ports by 2050.
China has an aging population thanks to one child abortion laws.
? yeah, they're hurting at 1.4 Billion people.
they'll just wait for a phone call for chinese food take out .. i.m sure they can deliver ..
life is more important than jealous
US converts all there battle ships to nuke engines they never have return to port only for food
Hi Snow - We no longer have any battleships. They are either scrapped or in museums.
once they perfect (use the term loosely) being able to convert seawater into a viable fuel, non will have nuclear.
and you can pay for that right? with out a loan from China
Perhaps they could just stop by at their local WalMart.
Don't worry....They will have 10 more built by next summer......supply problem solved...
Unlikely, unless they are built of balsa wood and bamboo.
@Brad W. Hyundai shipyards will do it to them in even shorter time. Business is business and money are money. Btw. the Koreans hate Japanese even more than the #$%$ does.
Hyundai is a Korean company. They don't build ships for China. China and S. Korea aren't buddy buddy.
Perhaps China just wants to mind its own business- they don't meddle with any other countries leadership or government.
No they won't . All they care about is how to feed their people .
@ Dober and Jessica - China has along history of pushing outwards. They captured Mongolia and Tibet. They attacked Vietnam in the 1980s but were repulsed. They keep trying to grab land from other countries (like Taiwan, islands owned by Japan, islands north of the Philippines). They have a long history of trying to take land from northern India. They invaded North Korea and South Korea in 1950 and killed thousands of US troops. They have fought several significant battles with the Russians on the Russo-China border (1970s, 1980s, maybe the 90s). They (and the Russians) fought us in Vietnam by sending massive supplies and military advisers to the North Vietnamese. They steal billions from others (like Microsoft) with software and video piracy. They manipulate their currency to create a huge, artificial balance of trade benefit for themselves. Much of the counterfeit currency around the world comes from China. Want more examples?
Hey, when you prefer to bully your neighbours, they're not so much into lending you a cup of sugar when you need it, are they?
"friendly ports to call on"...what a joke...nobody likes or trusts the Chinese because of their bad behaviour...just ask their Asian neighbours...
Given the right incentive, Cambodia will give them a port/base in the South China Sea area. In the Indian ocean, they will probably find a base in Pakistan and possibly Myanmar and Sri Lanka.
maybe they'll find Jimmy Hoffa or Bigfoot
Interesting ... the USA never denyed refueling the plane at diego garcia and sending it on its way .... veterns today has a very interesting article on this .
Not true China is in fact trying to establish a base in the Indian Ocean
The MSM is pushing its agenda of a larger war and the sheeple are sucking it up.
Governments still thinking about war .. you build therefore I will and the spiral begins ..
usa all day. china would need alot of help to beat the best
ITs called Leave Countries who do not wish Chinese dominance alone and work toward a united World Not #$%$ AND THEM attitude of the past .Then perhaps Re Fueling will be a world wide for every Ocean police force . That's all we need..
you mean the yagooblrrerenoodeler jerler swallowyagoodledoodlede doo doo has struck again with propaganda gobboddoodo doddle didleggdoffoyafgoobbles this u sacks od sheiter musumsit !
if money isnt real that war makes,then war is not real so what is it? not human? that would be real
Well, I don't think this is what China wants. US can keep their allies and ,overseas military bases. What China aim at is to protect it's interest around it's water.
Junk stuff from china is only for dumbdumb american consumers...more profit for china.
and where did your PC come from? fool
china need to join the west, smash russia together
Bully China now found out .It has the warships but no allied friends and port to hang out.What happen if their is a real time conflict. China is just like a sitting duck.just ready to sink in the pond.No friends around no network system in place. LOL
let 's kick some Chinese stupid bully butts
Sweden changed side to Hitler's nazi in the blink of an eye
China looks after itself and does so very well thank you.
To challenge the US Navy by 2050...? These dopes got to be joking. The way the "world sole superpower" is going down the drain by that time it will be at best a big Zimbabwe and at worst a big hole in the ground.
Maybe "Mr Lead From Behind" Obama will just give the Gookers a base to be equitable...
The plane is not where they are looking!! they are way off course..
Make sure you will be there on the frontline against them should the war breaks out.
At age 65, I'm still pretty good with a bolt gun.
Anyone think to look between Hillarys a&$ cheeks?
Next to the yellow river, right?
QUICK report to bejing report to Bejing dont tell copy dont tell..freekin chynks
"it highlighted a strategic headache for Beijing - its lack of offshore bases and friendly ports to call on." Why China has to base on other countries like U.S. and what is the purpose of it? And you know who is the aggressor.
Sell USA bases to china....let china mark off some USA debt
No worries, Hussein is taking care of this problem.
with the billion..china will build ocean ports....
HAHAHAHA You have not worked with Chinese engineers and tech!! They are horrible. Example the first Chinese jet with the "invisible" capability. Yes blew up and is invisible LOL
they have the money to outsource the work if they want too...
فيلم رائع جدا اوعـى يفوتكم .. والله يستحق المشاهدة وقصه رائعة جدا جدا جدا جدا جدا﻿
...China would like to pause now for its hourly remembrance of the Rape of Nanking...