I draw your attention to the "curious incident of the dog in the night-time". It's a passage from a well-known Sherlock Holmes mystery about a horse that goes missing and a dog that did not bark in the night when it was stolen. Our barking dog may be the wreckage that was found floating on the surface after the plane crashed into the sea, and the flotsam that washed up on the shores of the Indian Ocean in the year that followed. There was no wreckage. No flotsam has been discovered on any beach. And that's what's curious. The plane may have landed as gently on the surface of the sea as US Airways Flight 1549 did when it landed almost intact on the Hudson River in 2009 after both its engines died. --JK
Some people say one thing but they meant another! Don't have to be a scientist to figure it out! We've been fooled for a year! How long more?
A reasonable lead that stands out like a sore thumb is the hijacking of MH370 and its meticulous preparation to disable the plane's comm system so its final destination cannot be traced. The plane is out there somewhere, intact with all crew and passengers alive and well.
Tears for MH370 as mystery persists on anniversary of gravity deniers.
Is this the airplane with the battery problems?
No, that was the B787 Dreamliner..but that's also been fixed.
I am sorry, but its time for these people to move on, they are dead, and finding the plane of not will not bring anyone back to life. Take hold of the facts, morn and move on with you life, every minute you loose you can not get back.
Don't be an #$%$. If a sibling of yours simply vanished, you'd act and feel the same way.
No more Crash Experts.....bring in Crime Experts.
someone from the plane snapped a pic from their i phone in a dark room. it was geo tagged to diego garcia.
Is this still the lead story on CNN everyday?
One hour after departure ,the plane was hihjacked by a pilot , the transponder was turned off, all communications were turned off ,the plane next veered to the left towards the strait of Malacca ,trying to evade radars ,then made another left turn near the Nicobar Islands and tnen went on a straight line towards the Island of Diego Garcia .... The airplane did not answer any warnings ,the passengers were doomed ,so the plane was taken down with ground to air missiles .
*Your* theory. Evidence please? Anyone ever hear of "Occam's Razor"? How about major mechanical malfunction or pilot suicide?
Just check the REAL reports and tracking of the airliner ,it's all there exept for the missiles .
I'm with Gary on this too