Since the flaperon has now been unanimously confirmed by all parties concerned to have come from MH370, an explanation is now required for why it is that the flaperon is virtually undamaged. Non-conspiratorial theory advocates cannot have it both ways here, meaning if what they say is true i.e. the plane did indeed crash into the ocean, then it is just inconceivable and incomprehensible that the flaperon would be in such an undamaged condition. Hence the bottom line is, if the plane is indeed lying intact on the ocean floor (as the undamaged condition of the flaperon certainly suggests that it is), then this fact alone pretty much confirms that there was indeed a massive conspiracy to conceal the evidence of this epic crime by ensuring that the plane not only make a soft landing on the ocean surface but also did not break up when sinking to the sea floor and thereby not leave a substantial debris field on the surface.
OK, so what are they expecting to find? A damaged airplane? We already know it's in rough shape. Why throw good money after bad?
If you actually look at the transitions everything was deliberate and human controlled. Only the Pilot would have access. Only the pilot who trained on the simulator on home PC flying into the Indian Ocean. He was a mass murderer. Each turn was in response to get away from radar or being seen. He killed everyone through slow decompression. People went to sleep and never woke up. Also if this piece of the airplane is telling, he also landed the plane (quite harshly).
Maybe terrorists coulc have forced him ? Dont know, all we can do is speculate
Yes, all true, someone drove this thing into the ocean & my sense is that it was the one pilot who was going through a divorce at the time. The media didn't go into detail about this & my guess is that they're frightened of libel lawsuits from his widow. However, the copilot's cell phone attempted to make a call as they were traveling westward sometime after the diversion took place (that is if you can believe what the media/government tells us, but I have lost much trust in what they tell me).
not to be a negative nancy but it's a shame this flaperon was the only bouyant object to wash ashore. makes me wonder if it's possible to make black boxes have some sort of eject mechanism that engages whenever it reaches a certain impact threshold and i suppose have em be able to float as well. then at least there's a quick and clear signal to get to instead of searching for a signal that may not even be there. this whole year plus of this has been like reading a book with half the pages torn out of it. creme fraiche!
I could see your point except I would rather see a longer battery life in the black boxes and some sort of way to establish the location of the wreck in their memory and then they could float where ever they wanted to be found earlier than before they go dead.
OR, a better idea is real-time tracking via satellite.
There's a lot they can do but always worried about the $$$
A plane should never be able to turn of it's transponder. There should be a way that you can see a plane all of the time. Especially after 9/11. SC, you're right...it's all about the mighty dollar
Good idea but maybe they should just keep them real simple. Sometimes the more elaborate a system gets the greater the risk of something failing.
I may be mistaken but I thought there was a change some years back to have the ELT (Emergency Locator Transmitter) float on impact/breakup. It wouldn't necessarily give the location of the Black Boxes, but it would help locate the point the aircraft itself went in the water. Since the 787 is a state-of-the-art airplane, I would have expected the ELT's to be floating, but I haven't heard any mention of this in any of the recovery reports. Could be wrong.
What good would a floating black box be if it should float 50 miles from the crash site of the aircraft in possible stormy high seas in an extremely deep ocean? That would make search and rescue time-consuming even more so. I think it just should have some technology for a much stronger battery, if U ask me.
Little about money, more about the actual need. 99.999999% of the time we know where when and have an idea how the plane went down. Locating it is not as difficult as this. Most are true accidents, this plane was taken somehow.
The transponders are installed in racks on the aircraft to keep them from shifting in flight. Depending on the configuration of the aircraft there are 1 to 2 portable xpndrs for lifeboat support. These concepts were designed to conform to airworthiness specs and are considered last ditch efforts. There would be no way to break away a "black" (actually hunter orange) box to float from a water ditch.
Possibly lots of buoyant objects came ashore. Just didn't look any different than the normal flotsam washing ashore. Seems like the lack of debris means the plane made a water landing, ending up mostly intact before sinking. Otherwise there would have been bodies, seats, life preservers, suitcases etc. turning up everywhere. This implies that someone was flying it up until the last and hoped to survive the landing (which maybe they did). Wouldn't leave much of an oil slick since it was out of gas.
Do we really need to cover every single possible contingency, no matter how unlikely?
@Jetdoctor - I recall some discussion several years ago after another loss over water (TWA800 maybe?) of having 'ejectable' FDR and CVR, but the retrofit would have been extensive and not justifiable. Besides, in the Malaysian case, it's debatable whether it would have even made a difference since no one knew at all where the airplane went in the water and where to look even for a floating device..
@Bill, twenty years ago I probably would have agreed with you, and that was always the argument for or against a particular device: Would the cost justify the potential need or use? These days, the possible contingencies unfortunately are increasing, and the probability of more intentional crashes or disappearances makes some formerly unjustifiable actions much more justifiable..
@Michael- There are many times you need to be able to turn off your transponder. ATC asks for them to be turned off sometimes.
If black boxes floated, they could float away from the rest of the airplane, and that would only confuse matters.
Michael, a pilot MUST be able to turn off the transponder once the aircraft is on the ground. Robert
The reasoning behind having a buoyant "black box" is cause, there is a locator beacon on said "black box". If it is several miles down on the ocean floor, It would take several weeks for a ship with the capability of searching for said boxes to reach the last known location. With a floating "black box" one should be able to fly an aircraft with the capability of finding the box sooner if it were to surface and emit its locator beacon. That is just my 2 cents.
Black boxes should be a thing of the past and instrument data, as well as cockpit information should be streamed back to the airlines' maintenance facilities. That way, any problems, whether they are mechanical or with the crew or with a possible hijacking can be analyzed in real time.
Just go with the easier solution, in this day and age there is no reason the data cant be transmitted to a server on the ground, then we wont waste millions looking for it...
Airbus is nearly ready to equip airliners with data and cockpit voice recorders that eject so that they can float to the ocean's surface instead of becoming trapped in wreckage, Pascal Andrei, the French aircraft maker's chief product security officer, told a forum of the National Transportation Safety Board on Tuesday. Boeing, Airbus' chief rival, has no plans to include such recorders in its planes, Mark Smith, an accident investigator for the aircraft maker, told the safety board. Such recorders are prone to ejecting accidentally and creating a safety risk, he warned.
The best way is to have all the conversation on the cloud. That way there is no need for a CVR. Information can be purged after the plane lands....
How could they eject in the proper direction?
They don't want them to eject and float because then they would float away and knothole find the plane, unless they record GPS right up to the crash. Also, most flights crash on land, so the main focus is burying it deep in the plane where it will survive.
A good idea. Might add cost to flying. I am sure its mentioned before but adding a GPS that tracks the movement of the ejected Blackbox from the time it ejected to the time its found would be a good thing too. But then again if the ejected black box was found by someone sinister or itself got damaged during the impact, then the search would be 10x harder. Unless of course you have a another Blackbox (which they have) inside the plane with a stronger signal and longer battery life. I still feel having a large parachute deploying upon sign of crashing would be the best. Its available in small 4 seater aircraft. They should look into making those for commercial airlines.
Corrected me if I'm wrong, but isn't there 2 black boxes ? One could float and one stay with the wreck.
Give technology time, you can't cover every angle overnight. The car you drive today full of all kinds of different safety features than when the very first car was built and years from now there will be more added. I don't know why people expect plane makers to think of every possible scenario and have safeguards in place all in one day. It takes time.
sadly,it come down to $$$$$, the technology has always been there and ready to go. Airline industry is more concerned about profit margin than anything else. German engineers back in WWII used dye bombs to assist when cargo planes went down, the dye was oil based and would leave a trail to the aircraft, even in deep waters.
So it ejects and floats 100's of miles away. Then what?
It was the Co Pilot's job to sling them out the window....duh.
To all of those of you confused by the statement that they found 3 numbers and one of those matched the MH370 part. (First, please note that the statement is a translation from a French report so the wording may not be exactly what the French intended; that's the fault of the Yahoo reporter, not the French report. The French report said they were certain of the connection to 370.) Please note that the 3 numbers were an assembly number, a part number and a serial number for the flaperon. The assembly number and part number are the same for all 777s; the serial number is unique to the exact plane that that part was installed on. If the serial number on the part matched the factory serial number in the end item configuration report for MH370, then there is no uncertainty about the fact that the part came from MH370. Aircraft operators do NOT interchange serialized assemblies such as this from one airplane to another.
that is a very good summation of installation logs. Plane installation log Assy number Assy Serial number part numbers of each component component serial numbers certs for the raw materials hole in the ground the ore came from
How do you know that the "Yahoo reporter" made the error, IF there was one, in a translation? LOL. No possibility that the reporter was given that information by some boasting, self glorifying government idiot?
KenZ, What you say may be true of commercial carriers. The USAF has cannibalized parts from a C-5 to another due to mission requirements. Missions come first.
In actuality, worn, damaged, or time limited "Serialized" components are often removed from service then inspected, repaired or modified, and returned to the stockroom. Airlines cannot afford to ground an aircraft while awaiting repairs on a component like this flaperon which could take a week or more.
@Charles: that is true, however, this airframe didn't have enough cycles on it for that to be much of an issue. In either case the maintenance logs would have indicated any such action. There is no reason the part serial number could not be tied directly to the aircraft it was installed on, especially considering the very small number of these parts in existence.
The fact that the flaperon came from a 777 should be conclusive in itself. Only one Boeing 777 has ever been reported crashed or missing - and that was MH370
What I would like to see is if someone could go to boeing and see if anyone has ordered another flaperion that is not accounted for. So the conspiracy is that the plane was diverted. All of the people are in a dungeon somewhere and that N Korea is going to load one of their bombs on it and send it to LAX. If you where going to cover up a conspircy like that, you order a part to replace the part that you place on an island to fool all the world until your plot is sucessful. Now I know that it sounds like a bunch of #$%$... but can someone just check and see if another part has been ordered. Be easy to do if you were in the position to do so. Remember, discretion is the better part of valour...just sayn...
@Anthony, you think someone ordered a replacement wing section and washed it up on a shore a year and a half later in a part of the ocean where no one was even looking to dispel a hijacking conspiracy? Take your meds bro, I promise their to help you.
@anthony - if they were going to cover it up that way, then the last thing would be for them to steal/order another one; more likely than not, they would just forge another one themselves, or get someone to modify the maintenance records accordingly. @William - only one part is not sufficient to say with certainty that MH370 really did crash in the Indian Ocean. It is enough to say that the probability is rather high that it did; however, just one part - or even several depending on size of each part - is not enough to rule out that someone is not planting evidence to mislead investigators. The only way to say with certainty is to find a sufficiently large part - the fuselage, tail section, etc - or a debris field with sufficient debris to make up an similar amount of the plane that can be traced to MH370. A single part can be replicated, or someone knowing that it advance can modify the maintenance logs - in either case, it would be planned well before the plane actually went down.
again that's some bojangles #$%$ story they want us to believe i said long ago they would get a "similar" part rough it up, throw it in the ocean of a coast and let human intervention do it's thing so today we would say oh yeah that was from the plane. I'm not buying..my money goes back in my pockets. LIES are not for sale because The truth COSTS more. I know what happen..and you dont wanna know!!
D - because Yahoo's most ingenious reporter make a sheep look like Albert Einstein.
This is what we called 'traceability' in airlines industry but not the case in military since cannibalizing is the norm. Even LRUs can be traced back to manufacturer level in commercial airlines and there are always historical documents of any or each installation and replacement of parts.I just wondered why it took that long. We begun encoding to computer in 1992 all job orders for maintenance of IFE. I can easily traced the movement of any LRUs from which aircraft it was installed to which seat location it was removed or installed in few minutes.
Zyril - that's not exactly the case. About the only thing you can be absolutely sure of is the black boxes since they have so much mandatory paperwork involved in change-outs. Because of the time schedules a lot of the electronics could be changed out and it could take days for the paperwork to catch up. Because the control surfaces are structural members that require a lot of time and care those numbers would usually be correct. And a lot of the computer entries are made from scribbled notes so the numbers can be incorrectly entered.
OK !!! so they could made the difference between the 130 777s which disapeared in Indian Ocean............
Benjamin makes a good case that the plane may still be intact. Having a "bolt on" part float up on a shore makes you wonder....................
bill - and don't forget that the CIA killed John Kennedy and the government is covering up contact with flying saucers.
a Yahoo "reporter" making a mistake? Ya think?
Radar..you're right....if the only 777 missing from every airline in the world is MH370....gee it might be from MH370.
Actually KenZ, if the operators had to cannibalize such a part, there is supposed to be a paper trail, records change, etc. But in the long run, it would not be economical to do such, and cause two aircraft to have to be re-rigged and tested. Instead most operators would order an assembly, or remove, repair and reinstall it. Then it must go through a operational testing, and even a flight test if needed, before the aircraft could be put back into service. But that presumes that the operator is using Boeings maintenance procedures, and so on. Also depends upon the operator using certified Boeing parts. In the past, there was a spat of trouble with 747 flaps on some foreign operators aircraft, with failure happening. Turns out, the contracted maintenance company was using off-brand parts, not quite up to Boeing standards. A model one time inspection was ordered, with a suspense date, that had to be met, if the plane was to fly in America, or Europe airspace. Several bad parts were recovered, because of this inspection. Now what that means, is if there is no record of ever changing this part on that aircraft, then there is a very good chance the piece did indeed come from the missing airliner. And while in the ocean for almost a year, it probably made the numbers hard to read, and they had to turn to science to see them. And that takes some time. Many foreign operators use contracted maintenance services to maintain their aircraft, Singapore being one that comes quickly to mind. Even some of our military aircraft are serviced there.
With the terrible loss record of the model 777, with three crashes, including MH370, and two of them on land, if this part is indeed a 777 flaperon, guess what plane it probably came from. That is before any numbers were checked. Now that they can actually have the Boeing serial number of the part, it is for sure. Even in the military, any component changed that has a serial number, is supposed to have a repair tag attached, and it be sent to a repair facility, if it is NRTS, (not repairable this station), and the aircraft logs updated. This goes for major components, and their sub assemblies. As a former jet engine mechanic, in the Air Force, I remember having to copy down certain model and serial numbers from any engine we installed, even if it were cannibalized from another aircraft. Got in trouble for going to salvage and pulling components from a crashed plane, and sending them off to as cores for components. Not a good thing to do. Did pull a fuel line, that was lost in a long time down aircraft, and got a replacement. But you had to have one to get one, so ------ta-da!! It took them a better part of a year to figure out that one. But I got my fuel line, and the plane made it back to flight status. Only to be retired a decade later, and it is now guarding an airport in Tenn. But for a brief time, that was MY F-4, and my responsibility. My pilots knew they got the best maintenance and pre-flight work possible.
there liars they just trying to bring a little relief to cover up that they don't know where the plane is
if they had the serial number why did it take so long to positively identify it....all serialized parts are kept in logs and for these planes would have been on computer....what the heck took so long?
Cannibalization is common practice in the Air Force, though this is a rare part to do so and serial number changes are typically tracked. I don;t see why it would be different here. Though I doubt they'd track the serial numbers as well.
If you wanted to steal an airplane, but give the impression that it crashed, this would be the easy way to do it. The give away is the paint, that isn't finish coat on that flaperon, it's much to dull and uniform, which indicates a spare. Finish coat would not have gone dull in that amount of time, it stays shiny for years exposed everyday to weather. Altering build sheet serial number records is very easy thing to do.
Even when parts are replaced, the serial numbers of the removed part, and the newly installed item, are annotated in the aircraft's logbook. If this flaperon had the serial number of the latest installed part on MH370, then there is little doubt (if any) that it is the debris from that flight. Even the U.S. military documents the serial numbers installed on the aircraft in this manner. Contrary to what a previous poster eluded to, even the Air Force documents the serial number changes when cannibalizing aircraft parts. The "mission" wouldn't happen otherwise, and the mission will happen. You can count on that. Just the .02 of a retired military aircraft mechanic.
It seemed fairly obvious, once it was confirmed that the Flaperon was from a Boeing 777, that this was from MH370, since the only Boeing 777 missing in the world is MH370. This confirms nothing other than what we already knew-that MH370 crashed somewhere in the Indian Ocean. It does not explain why the plane crashed, whether mechanical failure, or criminal, and possibly terrorist, activity was responsible for the planes crash, and it probably doesn't help much with locating the site of the crash, either, although some have suggested that reverse modeling of ocean currents, or even the species of barnacles found on the flaperon (because certain species of barnacles are found in specific regions of the Indian Ocean), could be of some use in attempting to locate the crash site. The only thing that I see this accomplishing is perhaps finally putting some of the bizarre conspiracy theories about MH370 to rest-although conspiracy theorists don't seem to pay any attention to even the most conclusive evidence in many cases.
Good Point...also noted that the only 777 missing was MH370...what other explanation could this be, so why the drama?
So you attack conspiracy theory but this plane part is found thousands of miles from its destination. It is more obvious that a very strange thing happened than just crashing in the Indian ocean. Maybe the gold that was on that plane floated to Russia also?
This plane landed on Diego Garcia. Finding a flaperon on La Reunion Island would rather confirm than contradict this theory.
Heinz that made almost no sense. If the plane LANDED on an island. Then how did the flaperon get in the ocean? Did someone take it off and throw it into the ocean? Plus ocean currents could have taken it to La Reunion from the areas that where searched.
Justmytwocents, I am not talking about any island. I'm talking about Diego Garcia and I assume you know what is going on there.
LOL!...this doesn't put any of the conspiracy theories to rest you shill.....Could try though.....I realize you want to rule out that this part could very well have been planted ....and yes, even with the barnacles for added touch....and with the serial numbers faked or simply just being stated it was the same.....so quit with your "great" inspector clousseau impression..
Heinz what do you think Diego Garcia is? It is an Atoll. So yes you are talking about some islands. Plus you're the one talking like they know what happened
Justmytwocents. Are you having me on? You can't possibly be that stupid and not know what is going on at DG.
Who knows, maybe somebody throw one 777 wing in to the ocean to find out what will happen :-)
Jonas, the main thing this does not explain is how come the flaperon was the only thing that was found out of hundreds of floatable objects that can be found on an aircraft.
Manipulate some numbers to the paperwork or part from a trashed 777 and chuck it in the ocean near a shore. Voila, mystery solved.
This may be a stupid question but you can track a cell phone until the battery goes dead or the person turns the phone off. If I understand correctly you can still find out the route of the phone after the phone is off to that point. Why can't a plane have the same type of tracking devices on them?With all the great technology that planes have shouldn't there be something on them like our cell phones have? Radar is great but it only works to a point.
Planes do have that technology but if memory serves me right, the one on this plane mysteriously stopped transmitting in position.
You can only track cell phones within range of cell towers and within view of satellites. There were 200+ cell phones/tracking devices aboard that airplane at the time.
Donna: where have you been? They DID find the plane route until it stopped transmitting. BTW, Indian ocean is huge. Even if the plane continues transmitting signals, there is no guarantee there is satellite radar that can pick up. That's why most airlines avoid to fly through South Indian ocean
I realize that but with all the smart people in technology out there it seems that they could be able to come up with something that satelites could pick up easily or a plane flying over would be able to pick up or something. The black box is a wonderful idea but a backup is really needed. Maybe chips put in several points in the plane structure so when pieces break up and come to the surface they send out signals or maybe tracking recorded on it.
Tracking something under a mile of water is not really an easy thing to do. The signals simply don't penetrate that much water.
Cell phones have no signal past a certain range of a cell tower. out to sea even less than 100 miles from land and your cell is useless. Sattelite is one of the only ways to stay "connected" but even if it is relatively cheap to use for a few mins, if you consider at any one time can be tens of thousands of planes in the air, all of them using a sattelite call every hour every day and you can see the cost can add up quickly, also if there's certain electrical or antenna issues you may not even be able to keep in contact with the plane. I believe a more prudent thing is like Onstar recognizing when your airbag deploys, A distress signal from a battery operated beacon that gives location and other info to a sattelite when a crash is detected is more realistc and cost effective
Almost every single flight surface part- flaps, winglets, elevator, vertical stabilizer, rudder- all have serial numbers etched into a data plate on the actual part. With maintenance records that the mechanics use during the planes last C-check, you can compare the parts that were removed and added to the aircraft. Most companies require trace all the way back to the manufacturer, an authorized repair station, or a reputable airline (Delta, JetBlue, British Airways, Air France, KLM).
This was a PIECE of a flaperon, not every square inch of a part has corresponding serial numbers etched into it. It's like finding half of a car, without finding the various vin plates.
@bob haven't looked at your car real close have you the vin is on every fender, door, hood ,trunk lid, even etched in the glass. supposed to help in theft recovery, so they can give you a bucket of loose parts back when it goes through a chop shop.
Actually almost every part is identified by serial numbers in an airplane. Not just control surfaces.
Greg, there is a lot of non-serialized parts. Mainly, expendable parts like rivets, screws, washers, bolts, nuts, etc... But, the picture of the part in this article is big enough to most likely have a data plate attached.
If you've flown on haul international flights (which the 777 is), you'll know that they have screens in the passenger cabin which show where exactly the plane is at the moment on the world map (seen this in Lufthansa, Qatar, United). I wonder if the passengers on the plane realized that this plane was going off course from the map (if it did have one). I would have been terrified to know that my plane was not flying in the general direction of the flight path.
I'm sure that feature was conveniently "out of service" at the time.
In all likelihood they were unconscious.
I think I read somewhere that the plane at one time reached an altitude of 40 thousand feet either after or before a descent? If that's accurate, I would make a guess that the pilot vented the cabin air pressure, making the passengers lose consciousness and probably killing them then.
@Bernard: I'm with you on that one. Google 'golfer Payne Stewart' to learn exactly what happens when an aircraft loses cabin air pressure at altitude
not every airline has screens, air canada rouge does not have any screens on domestic or international flights.
He would not have had to climb to 40000 to vent the pressure and knock the passengers out. Normal cursing altitude would have been sufficient. And the passengers would not have know what the flight path was anyway. Commercial planes rarely fly in a straight line from departure to destination.
Apparantly someone on that flight forgot to say No Anchoviea please.
Not sure why it took a whole month. You'd think they'd have seen any and all serial numbers with an hour of receiving it - after all, they just need to ask Boeing exactly where the numbers are located. There you go, Bob's your uncle! Then ask Boeing if it matches their records. Voilà! Either it does or it doesn't. The French even went so far as to say just last week, no - it doesn't look like it's the right part for MH370. Then suddenly the serial numbers match? I'm not one to tell the experts how to do their jobs, but it really does seem like something that should've been wrapped up in an afternoon
Thank god you aren't telling them how to do their jobs. Do you REALLY think no experts from Boeing travelled to France to assist in the French investigation? News reports state otherwise, Christopher.
Christopher, I couldn't agree with you more. The delay in publicly announcing the certainty that his part came from that plane is baffling. If that is how fast (or slow) the French are for something that as important as this, they've got to be one very screwed up mess of a bureaucracy.
I guess the French investigators were off for the month of August like the rest of Europe.
Especially since there has never been any other missing 777, ever.
@sk: Of course Boeing experts were sent to France. But that only makes it even more strange. My point was that the whole problem seems like something that could be easily figured out, with or without Boeing engineers onsite! @Connector: the subtext of my post was that something is a little fishy here. @Ccapncrunch: funny, but sadly grounded in truth. And very possibly the biggest reason confirmation took so long! Is it just coincidence they finally gave confirmation in September, after everyone in France has returned from holiday? @Jenna: yes, at least not over water. And it's not like Boeing has a big box of spare 777 flaperons it ships around the world without knowing or caring if one disappears. With a plane of that sophistication, EVERY single mechanical part is traceable to the Boeing factory
Because they don't want to be like the Malaysians, who were spouting off comments when this happened before they had facts.
It's the love of DRAMA! They knew the 1st day. With no other 777 missing a part or missing at all, WHERE would this part have come from? OOGA BOOGA a communist plot?! Aliens?! I'm really shocked that no one has raised the specter of "Obama" did it. I hope the families can now put this to rest, move on, stop the mindless demands on everyone.
They're French and the numbers were in English.
@Christopher... something is "a little fishy"? A "little fishy" was Hillary's handling of Benghazi, a "little fishy" were the excuses of George W to invade Iraq! There is something seriously fishy in this whole MH370 thing! Seriously fishy!
So the big issue is that Boeing won't necessarily themselves have the serial numbers for the plane's part for the state of the plane when it disappeared. They would have them for how it left the factory, but they are not the ones that maintain the official maintenance logs - that is the airline and/or other owner of the plane (as many airlines rent their aircraft). Additionally they have to inspect it to find the numbers - removing stuff (f.e barnacles), cleaning it, and more. They know where to look, but it may take a while to get there. Now, any good investigation would have tried to get the original serials for everything from Boeing early on, and then been going over the maintenance logs to track all the part changes so that after 12-18 months they would have all that stuff at ready disposal should they find anything. But given all the stupidity that has been happening I wouldn't be surprised if that had not been the case and they were left fighting for the information and then going through the records to get it - which if that were the case, then it leaves a greater possibility of tampering with the logs, and a greater possibility that it was planted.
@Benjamen: thank you for that informative, thoughtful post. Your reply is the reason I commented on the article in the first place. Now this all starts to makes sense: a combination of 1) French bureaucracy, 2) August being a holiday month in France, and 3) a complicated paper trail well beyond Boeing's control (and I would wager Malaysia doesn't exactly have the same standards of bookkeeping as the United States or Europe)
Boeing behaved badly on the night the flight went missing ! as after 2 hours plane went off radar ! but it flew for another 7 plus hours why Boeing said nothing till next DAY! ??
Yeah I guess it would seem like something that should have been wrapped up in an afternoon if you believe the real world is like the TV show CSI Miami. Seriously everybody involved just happened to be sitting around waiting for their name to be called. I can barely get the tags for my truck done in an afternoon and you expect a thorough investigation to be done just as fast? You've got to have an expert in a certain field and an expert in another and so on.....looking at a number and calling Boing and expecting expecting them to pick up on the first ring and expecting the person in charge to drop whatever he is doing and not expect to be put on hold. Seriously ChristopherYou need to get up off the couch and see how the real world works cuz if you have to coordinate more than two people it doesn't get done in an afternoon. It took me a month and a half just to get approved from my cardiologist to get a hernia operation and another month to get a small letter from my cardiologist to the hernia doctor saying I was ok to have the surgery. One afternoon...get real
I hope we eventually do find out what happened. It'll help bring the families some closure, as much as you can under such horrible circumstances.
I love how some people are so desperate for relevancy in life that they will give themselves a hernia trying to squeeze a conspiracy or cover up out of everything that happens. These are the same people who see a UFO behind every cloud.
Does it take that long to verify the serial number of single part of a plane?
Well, at least now we know that the plane really crashed and is not sitting in the hands of Isis or Al Qaeda.
It took a month to figure that out.The flaperon found was definitely from a 777 from the get go, only one 777 missing in the world. Who did they think it belonged to besides MH370.
Many have said that the reason they didn't find the plane was that it had a soft landing and the plane sank intact not leaving any debris. but this is a sizable piece of the wing located next to the body of the plane, for it to be ripped out of place should have caused a lot of damage to the plane and there should have been more pieces. But there are many planes that have been lost over water and no trace of them was ever found.
So give us the coordinates to where it is. I'd also like to the ocean current profiles you've compiled. How about one single calculation you've made as far as how much stress aluminum can take before shearing. Because otherwise you are supposing like the rest of us. I'm willing to bet you can't use a scientific calculator. What is reverse polish notation?
Not necessarily,the flaperon is just such a piece that can come off in a soft water landing or be dislodged from the plane body by ocean currents at the bottom of the sea,in either case it is an astounding and miraculous find.
The flaperon on a 777 is not located next to the body as you portray it to be, it is actually where the trailing edge of the wing transitions to the sharper angle.
It's sad to thankful that the most obvious of all PRACTICAL outcomes was confirmed when the part was discovered. Any chance the weirdos will retreat?
Why has it taken a month to find the numbers? They know exactly where those numbrs are.
Unlike the USA where a NTSC investigation is a civil matter, investigations by the French BEA are considered criminal investigations and treated as such.
Well so much for the plane being held on some island by terrorist.
Courtney Love could have come to this conclusion the day it was found.
Boeing confirmed it was from the MH370 777 the day after this part was found. But it didn't hurt for the French government to confirm Boeing keeps up with the planes they build.
Actually, Boeing only confirmed that the part was from a 777
MC, the part had a serial number on it.
Talk about belaboring the obvious. Tomorrow they will announce they discovered the sun rises in the east.
At this point, are we really supposed to take anyone for their word? Let's see the proof.
Conspiracy theory? You mean like the wing was planted?
Just out of curiosity - Why weren't the parts sent directly to Boeing, the manufacturer could have made identification a month ago.
And why is a PROSECUTOR making the announcement? Those crazy French.
Because the French think they are the experts in everything. And, want to run the show.
Because France has jurisdiction and this was a formal investigation. The part was taken to the French equivalent of our NTSB and was examined there by Boeing engineers. The prosecutor would be the chief official in the area responsible for the investigation. That is why the information comes through him.
Because the manufacturer is not an investigative authority, only organizations like the NTSB (US) and BAE (France) are. The manufacturer (Boeing) is brought in to consult and provide information, but that is the limit of their role.
I wonder since it came from the ocean, if France and Spain will get in an argument about which country it belongs to. Both jump at the chance to claim treasure that other folks find, because those countries are too lazy to treasure hunt themselves. Scrap aluminum and or titanium generally bring good prices per pound, by U.S. firms dealing in scrap metal. You can bet one of the two has dibs on it.
And also because the French have experience in missing planes
because the parts are from MH370.....its a plant and the serial number that is on it has probably been faked or never appeared on the plane wreckage..
yags is correct, by only matching 3 of the 9 digits of one serial number they have left an out just incase the real MH370 shows up in Yemen.
Connector it was sent to the French because it was found on French territory. Reunion is a French overseas department. Just like if this had been found on Guam, it would have been sent to the US.
They had to keep people on the payroll.
Oh man; if it sunk somewhere in the depths near France I wouldn't try searching. It's already a mass grave under there. Imagine all the bodies you'd pull up.
Passengers and crew swam to an island. Cannibals took good care of them.
I'm certain that the victims families are somewhat relieved to have some answers, better than not knowing at all.
I hope this will be the end for the victims families, now that they know for sure. Now they can go on and mourn those they love with certainty that they are not coming home. I think it much better to know for sure than to always wonder if maybe....
Man (front left) carrying wing with just one hand is sure handsome !! Nice. !! Thanks so much for photo !!
AND. . . . . . didn't the news media report earlier that it's August -- a mega vacation month. Key players at Boeing and relevant suppliers were on vacation, and that's gonna delay a positive ID. Well, now it's September.
Boeing is a US-based company which does not observe the European holiday in most of its offices. So someone from Boeing would have been easily available - even if they had to come from the US offices (likely) instead of any European offices. BAE would probably have had issues with the European holiday themselves; even then, it's not a complete stop.
Bemjamen, you're right. But it's still the "last chance" even here before kids go back to school. I don't think it was a complete stop, but they just wanted to have confirmation and back-up before going public.
Well, If it's not from that plane, then from what plane is it? Is it usual for Boeings to lose wings and land land safely without it? Seriously.
What other plane, if not mh370's, would the 777 flaperon belong too? Its not like multiple of these have crashed into the ocean.
All I can say is Thank God they found something from the airplane, and know it went down into the ocean. But I will not make a comment on what really happen to the 239 people on that airplane until they find the Black Box, than I'll say something, because the truth will come out, when they find the Black Box?
If the truth will come out with the Black Box, then you won't need to say anything and will let all the world remain smarter by not hearing the drivel of a lunatic.
This finally provides some confirmation that the plane went down in the ocean. The previous search grids were totally off, since a plane of this size would leave a huge debris field. With this evidence we can at least believe that the plane is in the ocean and not on land.
The plane was probably brought down by extra terrestrials who had labeled that area as a no fly zone.
That must at least come as some relief to the grieving families and friends, the not knowing must have been terrible.
How many 777 were produced Then how many have lost such a piece of equipment Then how many of this type of flaperon can be tracked to current 777 planes etc. Seems like no plane could fly without the flaperon? Hopefully this may give some closure to this tragic loss. The must be a way the transponder cannot be turned off and if it is there has to be a way to turn it back on from the ground. To all who lost loved ones on this and so many other flights our condolences and prayers.
Yes logical thinking such as you are displaying is something this world needs a lot more of.
Each major part of any passenger jet liner has it's own serial, model & part number stamped in several different places on each piece of each plane. They do this because most plane crashes are very destructive, & it makes it easier to identify what plane it was in such a crash. Basically, all parts are numbered to each individual plane except for small items such as nuts, bolts, etc..
No that''s logic used incorrectly, It's not how many 777's have lost this piece of equip. It's how many 777 Flaperons were PRODUCED, subtract how many are in use. How many are on that side of the hemisphere Indian/Pacific opposed to Atlantic/Mediterranean, I would imagine the number is not as low as you would think
@Gandozer, actually it would be as to how many are missing without knowledge. And that number would be a very small number indeed. Because of the planes age, new, and the lack of hundreds of flight miles and years of service, the stock of such spare parts would be limited. And one missing, would stand out like a sore thumb. This is not like putting the spare on your car, but a flight control surface, and its replacement would require rigging, and hydraulic testing, to ensure its safe operation. Along with that, perhaps even a flight function test. So I will bet that the producer, Boeing, knows exact numbers of all parts of this type, and has the mountain of paper work required to produce it, from where the alum was mined, refined, stamped, and formed into the part. Even if from one of its suppliers, the paper trail is mandatory. Building planes, is not like building autos or houses. More precise, and controlled, with QA checks and rechecks along the way. Once it goes into service, Boeing continues to monitor and knows life-cycle information etc. And if a part like this were to fail, especially in flight, it would be reported back to them. So in the lack of such a happening, in the past year, or history of the model aircraft, I would suspect that it did come from MH-370, the question is now how it got to where it was found. Ocean currents okay, then it can be modeled back to certain areas and a new search plan formed. Look at how long it took to find the Air France plane that crashed in the Atlantic. Almost a year also . But find it they did.
I will let you know what happened to MH370, It touched the Ocean with the Auto Pilot Activated. The Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah is responsible from what I can see. The co-pilot went to the Lavatory once the Plane had reached cruising altitude and he was locked out. The pilot then switched the Cabin Outflow Valve and everyone had a decompression and blacked out. The co-pilot tried to get to his cell phone but it was too late. The Passengers were knocked out in 10 seconds at an altitude of FL40 (40,000 feet) The Plane then flew a pre programmed route and lies South of the tip of India and a little bit to the NE of Reunion Islands. About 2000NM. It is not close to Australia as the Australians think, it is closer to Africa than Australia. The Captain had planned to fly it towards Antarctica with the hope of never being found. I find it strange that your Planet relies on evidence, all young species do that. I would like to tell you that the rest of MH 370 will be found in the coming months......................RIP to all the innocent Souls on board. I would like to assure you they died peacefully at 40,000 feet after a cabin decompression. The Pilot flying lived longer but by the time the plane hit the water he ran out of Oxygen. The person flying the craft had issues in his Private life that contributed to this tragedy..
When the Plane was at 1,000 feet from the Ocean, everyone on board was already DEAD
When the Plane was at 500 Feet from the Ocean. The GPWS (Ground Proximity Warning System) alarm went ON. As the Plane approached the Sea, the AutoPilot made the Plane flare the way it was programmed to do and it hit the Sea smoothly mainly because the Engines encountered Fuel Starvation.I would also like to assure you that the people onbooard are not DEAD. They still exist as Spirits and their Spirits lie in the Indian Ocean. RIP.
Nice movie script but it doesn't make sense.
It is totally unrealistic to assume that an aircraft of this size can hit the ocean and not break up. We are back to the old problem. No debris, no plane crash.
We knew this already. This is essentially the third announcement of what was already obvious once we knew it was a 777 wing.
This is a news, rather than opinion story, so it must be true.
They could raise the entire plane from the ocean floor on live TV and the conspiracy theorists would still say it was planted, or faked. Unreal the kind of lengths some people go to with their paranoid boogeymen delusions.
Come on people, we all know that getting into any machine car, boat, motorcycle, airplane, is dangerous. The alternative is to stay home all day. There are risks in life.
It is also possible that this was known weeks ago. How hard is it to compare one number to another?
*Devil's Advocate*: Okay, they linked it via the maintenance records to MH370. Question #1: When did they get those maintenance records? Question #2: Are they certain that the maintenance records were not manipulated before they received them? Issue: If they they didn't receive the records until after they got the part, then there's a bigger possibility the records could have been manipulated for planted evidence. Issue: Until a sufficient percentage of the plane is found, it's still hard to say that this is not planted to throw off an investigation. For instance, Malaysia has been under enough fire over this whole incident that they could just want to try to close the case. Manipulating records and planting some evidence would be a good way to do that. Now, I'm going to say that the above is unlikely since one would have to replicate a part (or several parts), manipulate maintenance records, etc to do so. However, any group that is sufficiently funded and keen on details could certainly pull it off. Thus finding some bigger parts (e.g the fuselage, tail section, etc) is certainly the only want to fully put any conspiracies that it actually took the northern arc to rest. Just saying...
Q1: When did you get that info you spouted in your brain? Q2: Are you certain that info didn't get manipulated before you received it? Issue: If you didn't receive that info until after you got your brain, then there's a bigger possibility the info could have been manipulated and planted for idiocy. Just saying...
You and other conspiracy fantasists do not provide the slightest plausible reason for any of the myriad people who would have to be in on such a ridiculous plot to perpetrate it. The simplest explanation is always the most probable. Now you have mysterious "authorities" for some unknown reason getting a "counterfeit" wing from a Boeing, to pretend it came from the downed plane. WHY would it help them to do this, if it was even possible? Oh, I forgot. This is to cover up the fact that the plane has been concealed in a super secret subterranean base to be used as a weapon someday. Grow up. Life is not a comic book adventure.
Everyone would have been all over those maintenance records from day one... nay, HOUR one. If a plane disappeared while in the air, that's one of the first things that would be checked for potential mechanical problems. They would have been passed out quickly, and any differences between those originals and versions distributed later would be apparent. But since this is a conspiracy theory, those records were faked, and duplicate parts were crafted long ago and weathered so they would look like they've been floating in the ocean for the proper amount of time.
@BigD I would hope so. Again, just playing devil's advocate. @notlob - until now, the simplest explanation was a hijacking, not crashing in the Indian Ocean. It was also the only scenario that fit the known data and lack of finding anything. While this now makes the most likely scenario the crash scenario, until more is found it's still hard to rule out the hijacking scenario.
Cut the carp. you conspiracy theorists never have any rational explanation for anything and when scientific evidence and FACT (look up the meaning in the dictionary) are presented, your narrow little minds still won't accept it. Next you'll be telling us Supa-dupa thermite blew up the aircraft like the twin towers..
These nut cases who think they know everything!!!
@Benjamen, I would bet that Boeing supplied the original part number, assembly number and serial number. As this is not a part often changed, I would also bet with the hours on the plane, it remained the original part. So if that is what was found, and verified by the maintenance log not showing such a replacement, that it is the geniune article. Or are you pushing Boeing into the conspiracy? I doubt that they would go along, as any time one of their planes crash, it makes them look bad, even if pilot error. But as to the comment that it crashed while still under human control, if it were on auto-pilot, it would continue to fly until it could no more. Yes all kinds of buzzers and horns could be going off, but those depend upon humans hearing them. As the pilot was shown to have expressed some form of doing such, but not taken seriously it could have even been under his control while ditching. and if it sank mostly intact, the flaperon may have been one of the few pieces torn off. Look at how intact the miracle on the Hudson aircraft was. Not many piecs torn off during the ditching, deadstick. The engines were ripped off, but also sank. While this was not a Boeing product, its crash and recovery show just how little debris might have been floating.
@stephen - I said from day one based on the presented information that it was likely a hijacking by a very well funded ground - like Al Qaida - that would use it for nefarious purposes. I'd like nothing more than the plane to be found to prove that wrong. Nothing else truly fit the bill from the publicly available information. However, one minor piece of evidence is not sufficient to disprove that - a minor part which is easy enough to have previously altered or fabricated maintenance records for. So please, prove it wrong. I sincerely hope they do, because the alternative is unthinkable. @aardvark151 - there could be numerous reasons why a plane even with a low number of hours could have had a part changed out, even as simple as the airport crew damaging it. The records are not public so it's hard to say anything. Granted, the simplest explanation is that nothing has been altered; and hopefully that is the case. As I said above - and on numerous other places where I'd discussed MH370 - I would love for my theory to be proven wrong.
Aardvark is right. Why would Boeing falisify records. Look what happened to McDonnell Douglas.
@stephen - did I say Boeing would falsify records? No; they have zero interest in doing so. If in the remote chance anyone did, it would be Malaysia Airlines, the Malaysian government, or some other group (Al Qaida, ISIS, CIA, FSB, China, etc) that infiltrated Malaysia Airlines.
No, it was BigD but you seemed to agree with him in a earlier post, hence my conspiracy theorist post
Once it was confirmed that the piece was from a 777, then it also had to confirm that it came from MH370. One three 777's have ever crashed. This one, one in San Francisco and one over Russia. The latter two were over land. Unless Boeing was dumping parts in the Indian Ocean, it was obvious this was from MH370.
conclusion = this "investigation" was worthless.
Really? This is part of that missing 777? I thought that it might have fallen from another 777 nobody noticed it missing... Duh!
I was positive the moment the news it was found on reunion is. The plane took a wrong flight course diverting it's route close to the coast of laos,burma,and b4 heading into Thailand, changed its course faraway in th e Indian ocean. My analysis thru my dream. Years ago a plane carrying boys scouts from the philippines crashed in the Indian ocean...my opinion only.
Yeah, you're some kind of super-genious. You should be president, or something.
If the Malaysian government wants to find that jet, all they have to do is read Yahoo comments...all the answers are here.
That's what you think.... I have yet to post my theory,,,oh and it's a whopper too !
You are exactly right Zach....all they need to do is fit a half dozen sharks with cameras and remote locaters,and if its in them waters they will find it in no time.
Sharks with freakin' laser beams though.
LMAO. Yes, there seem to be an abundance of "experts" on these comments
Europeans go on a 6 week vacation during those months.
5 weeks in France paid vacation for every worker but people usually only take 4 weeks in summer 1 in winter .35 hour per week . which still make the french equally productive to US workers and more productive than the british . There was a part waiting to be identified by a spanish lab also in vacation I read in french news .
how do you know this and what freaking difference does that make?
Finally. A closure for the family.
There are many ways to identify parts, even without serial number, part number whatever tractability a manufacturer would know. Boeing has the knowledge, they could look a rivet or weld or match to a blueprint...it's idiotic that this part didn't go straight there, in days we'd have had the answer. Great example of government IN-efficiency. Moreover Boeing experts would be able to view witness marks and provide solid evidence of what type of crash would have resulted in the fragment found. Experts in oceanography would provide information of where this part has been the last year+ based on mollusks. Eventually the plane will be found, and everyone should understand even though the news doesn't report it....VERy likely more digging is going on in the background; if for no other reason as protection in court.
They cannot identify it from a single rivet
I performed aircraft maintenance repairs for twenty years at Tinker Air Force Base, and I can assure you there is no way to identify a specific airplane part based on the appearance of its rivets or weldments. Amelia Earhart's plane disappeared nearly 80 years ago and has never been found. What makes you so confident that MH370 will be discovered? So...if I may ask...what exactly qualifies you as an expert in the field of airline disaster investigations? You come across like you should be in charge of the investigation, but somehow I rather doubt that. You make it sound like a different blueprint is drawn up for every plane that gets built, which makes each plane unique. This is not how the job gets done. If every plane had its own unique blueprint, the cost of building each plane would become enormous. BTW: The word you were searching for is 'traceability'. As far as your mollusk comment goes, the flaperon was reported to have been caught in a gyre in the Indian Ocen, and so around and around it went, much like a towel in a washing machine. Without knowing precisely where the flaperon entered this gyre, it is impossible to work backwards in an effort to determine where it went down.
You watch too many cop shows
Georgie, that doesn't identify the part any more than saying a spark plug fits a certain engine. And maritime experts DID say where the part had been for the past 12+ months... it was floating around in the INDIAN OCEAN! And they wouldn't ask "experts in oceanography" they'd confer with marine biologists. And the flaperon was covered with goose and stalk barnacles, NOT mollusks... and, no, they're NOT the same thing. Like Bill said... you've been watching too much CSI and think you have a clue. RLS, were you with the 552nd? I was 552nd at McClellan.
But Islam is a religion of peace - their participating members would never do such a ghastly act as kill hundreds for no good reason.
I can't believe the amount of money they spent to verify something that is not relevant. It can not tell us what exactly happened or whee and could never bring the family of the victims any solace.
But but but how did they get it back from the aliens? And won't they come looking for it?
But Yahoo posted an article last week or so saying it wasn't. In journalism, the race to be first is usually won by the one who is wrong.
Agree. Yahoo is more interested in clickbait stories than true stories, and in their drive to have the first explanation hit the internet, veracity doesn't matter.
I must have missed the article from Yahoo that stated it wasn't from 370. The article I read last week said that it had not been confirmed by the French investigators yet.
So that's where the hijackers are keeping the plane! Good thing they found it before it could be flown to North America, enter US airspace, negotiate all military defenses and crash directly into the Oval Office, specifically. That was a close one, Yahoo commenters. chuckle
Well I'm glad the the investigators were able to finally determine it conclusively. No assumptions and no politics, I hope.
Yup, they determined, secretly, that it was the only part that the aliens didn't get to the mothership before going back to their planet.
Boeing should have known all of this from day one. They built the part...they know where all the numbers are. They put the numbers on the part at the factory. They should have been able to say ......there are three numbers on the flaperon, here, here and here. Why did the French have to "discover" the numbers and "conclude" that one "corresponded" to the serial number of one on MH370 ? This makes it sound like the Boeing workers hide the numbers when they build the parts so that they have to be "discovered" later if needed.
Boeing wing manufacturer said a few days ago, it was "virtually impossible" to confirm the flaperon is from MH370. Now, the French confirmed it. Hope it had nothing to do with this then.... 2 Sept: Prime Minister Najib Razak held a high-profile meeting here with French Defence Minister Jean-Yves le Drian. Also attended by Defence Minister Hishammuddin Hussein, discussed Malaysia’s interest to purchase Mistral helicopter carriers. The French Tribune newspaper recently suggested that Malaysia was also a possible contender for purchasing one of the Mistral aircraft carriers which had been ordered by Russia from STX France before being cancelled after the Ukrainian stand-off in 2014. It was reported that Malaysia had been interested in buying an aircraft carrier similar to a Mistral.
I'm sure they just wanted to close the book on MH370.....
Li & Eddie - It was aliens that took the plane and then replicated a wing part for us to find. Give us a break, it was from MH370.
Since you're suggesting some conspiracy, tell us how many Boeing 777 flaperons are floating around the Indian Ocean of OTHER FLIGHTS if it doesn't belong to MH370? Let's not let logic and common sense stand in your way.
I'm going to jump on the wagon on this potential theory with you. The idea of the French trading confirmation of MH370 for the sale of military hardware to Malaysia is not at all unreasonable, and I've never fully believed the French story about the discovery of the FDR from Flight AF447 two years after the airplane went down. Same goes for how quick the local magistrate was to determine the cause of the crash of the Germanwings airplane. The French credibility in aviation accident investigation--to me--is suspect. All of the reports of missing serial number tags and how barnacles could have attached to a floating component were just suddenly wiped away with this latest news.
Actually, Boeing never said that, bryan.
You know WHY it took France 6 weeks to figure it out? Because they were too busy taking their month long vacation during August. I am NOT kidding!!! I know someone who works for a company based in France and she lives in the US and she gets most of August off because the company is basically closed during August.
Well, after exhaustive study we haven't found a plane anywhere what be missing a flaperon so dis' one must be from da' missin' plane. Yep, dat's where it come from. Our highly trained personnel and investigators came to that conclusion last evening while at Al's Ale Palace.
Hopefully after studying ocean current patterns, they will be able to find the plane and give closure to so many families.
The plane is probably in pieces all over the place.
Ocean currents, weather, distance? I don't think they can determine the resting place of the plane from that.
Current pattern is not very predictable... basically we know it runs counter clockwise in the Indian Ocean, so this passed Sri Lanka before coming to Reunion... that's about it.
lots of variables, talk about a needle in a hay stack..
Yes but it is more than they had before finding the flap....
With a part of the plane in their hands, it takes a month to identify it. Small wonder then that it's so far taken 18 months to find the rest of the plane.
Oh for heavens snakes... it took all that calamity for 2 countries to determine this?.. one person flown out there from Boeing could have confirmed that in one minute... with a cup of coffee in one hand!.
The calamity was all political. Boeing was there in France as part of the international team that made this determination. The BEA took it upon themselves to be doubting Thomases to make it look like they were smarter than anyone else by doubting it, but they actually suffered from the law of reversed effect since there was no doubt where this flap came from the only missing 777 known to man - MH370. Since it washed up in French territory, per ICAO Annex 13, it was up to them to take the lead in investigating it, and they used that privilege to make fools of themselves.
Wow, I didn't know so many people on the internet were licensed pilots, where did you guys study, Wikipedia School of Aviation?
So now they have a fairly large piece of the plane, with damages etc. The post finding inspection should be able to determine if it were removed and staged, or ripped loose in a crash. The biggest reason besides finding out what happened, is to ensure that the plane did indeed crash as opposed to landing somewhere, and being readied as a terrorist attack weapon. The actual cause of the plane's loss, is important, but in today's world, its not being out there loose and so on is also important. My guess is that the plane crashed, in the ocean, and few pieces came loose or floated. If it were to have ditched, and remained intact, the flaperon msy be one of the few pieces found. Only if it were to have crashed and broken up, would other pieces be found, and by now, it appears that is not going to happen. There are several other aircraft that have ''disappeared', including two KC-135s that went missing together. Different areas of the world, but still they are missing.
The "reused as a weapon" theory has been called out as ridiculous countless times. An undocumented jumbo jet flight caught on any radar would raise as much red flags as anything. It would be cheaper and easier for terrorists to buy a plane, and they'd have as much chance of carrying out an attack either way.
Kids should never fly without a flaperon. Or adults for that matter. Also, once off the ground, never try to ditch the flaperon, as obviously had happened here
It can be anywhere in an area that's millions of square miles, in a sea that averages over 12,000 feet deep, without a known flight path, the chances of it being found is between "I don't think so" and nil.
And it was found on Reunion Island. How appropriate.
If no more of flight MH370 is found, use the piece as part of a memorial for those lost.
Except that the obvious is not always obvious to everyone.
You never know, it could have had a different # on it. What then?
Everyone has a theory, but mine is that somehow the plane lost air pressure, everyone passed out including the pilots and the plane which was on auto pilot flew until it ran out of fuel plunging into the ocean. Hope they find the wreckage sooner than later!
Yup, something like that. The only extra twist is that the pilot was on a suicide mission and triggered the exact events you mentioned.
My theory concurs with yours so we must be right. Small crack in fuselage maybe in tail area oxygen escapes slowly as occupants slowly go to sleep pilots did not notice air pressure loss slumped over on controls and changed course in doing so. So why is the plane not equipped to send out a notice of malfunction such as cabin pressure loss? I bet there is an expert reading this that can either give us that answer or propose a device to give us such a notice.
No experts reading this, but there are 2 retired grandmas, 4 retired granpas, 1 manufacturing salesman, a stay at home husband and a kid on his cell phone not listening to his teacher.
Sounds like he smartest group of people available.
And pilot turned plane off from direction to China, and did not send any SOS due to plane decompression? No, that is just nonsense.
And the victims families will still act like the passengers fate is uncertain, and question whether there has been a coverup. No amount of evidence will satisfy them short of body parts and matching DNA.
What's the problem with that? Who made YOU an aircraft expert? There are many ways for THAT piece to get washed up INCLUDING but certainly not exclusive that it washed from a debris field.
Can you blame them? And then what about if NO other parts of the plane are found? Then what? What do you expect those distraught family members to believe then?
I'm really interest in this whole thing. To be honest I had no idea in 2015 that it was possible to lose a plane no matter how huge the ocean is. I think if Malaysia was up front with the information and if the United States was given the lead the plane would have been found. Now I really believe Malaysia does not want this plane found. If their people were responsible they are going to pay big time with monies. Can you see in a court room some expert telling a jury what became of the bodies after a few days in the water. No more Malaysia Airline.
Feel free to keep on piping in on subjects you have no clue about, as you yourself admit.
It's obvious that the Chinese or North Koreans had Boeing make one extra 777 flaperon part, which they then bought at the back doors of the shop. Then they transported it to a small, undisclosed island so as to float it in sea water to accumulate barnacles--only after partially obscuring stamped serial numbers. Then they had a night boat deliver it to the shore of Reunion Island, all to obscure the real fact--that MH370 was skyjacked and is being refitted as a low-flight plasma bomber. The passengers are all enslaved at a remote work camp in a mountainous location.
Okay, I've had my fun. I made that flaperon in my garage, soaked it in a tide pool for a year and then dropped it in the water off the island in the dead of night.
Oh thank God.. Finally something that makes sense.
Agree. And that's probably what happened, too.
Is your real name Charles Widmore?
Them French with their reduced work hours should have resulted in this taking so long.
The question I have asked from the beginning is...how can you have total cell phone silence from an airplane with hundreds of passengers on board? The plane passed over a populated land mass yet not a single cell phone contact was recorded. Don't waste your time speculating that it was night time and everyone was asleep. Cell phones maintain continuous transmission with towers in the area even when not in actual use.
They could have all been dead. It was late at night, and if they were exposed to the atmosphere at high altitude while asleep, they would not have been able to use their phones. Also, cell phones are useless above a certain altitude because cell towers point their signals towards the ground, not up in the air
One plausible reason why France did not send the airplane part directly to Boeing may have been so that they did not look like they were incompetent in analyzing the part themselves. Imagine what would happen if Boeing returned the part saying that it was not from one of their planes - people would say the French were incompetent. Boeing is an American manufacturer and the flaperon was found on French soil. That's just a guess.
Actually, by UN treaty, an aircraft manufacturer is a nonentity when it come to investigation due to the fact that they are not an investigative agency. Per that treaty, an investigation can only be carried out by an agency whose main purpose is to investigate, which leaves a manufacturer out. Manufacturers can be consultants only.
So sad for these families that endured so much hope of finding their loved ones, and this piece of debris will quite possibly be the only tombstone or marker they will have considered to be remains. It's bitter sweet they found this debris, and that not all just vanished off earth. It's almost like Mother Nature intentionally gave back a piece to console the families and give some sort of tangible closure. In my opinion.
One of my numbers matched a six digit winning lottery ticket, where do I cash it in?
There was only one Boeing 777 that was missing in the world. But I guess they had to confirm this as a formality.
Some weak minded person could have planted it looking for attention , unlikley but still possible , only one 777 is unaccounted for but plenty have been destroyed or scrapped
If they had sent it to Boeing they would have had conformation in days not months.
When the Flaperon was found, they said the Identification and serial number plate was missing and there was no proof it came from flight 370. So I would really like to know where this set of numbers came from. Using a maintenance log is not proof it is guesswork which has no place in an investigation. I still believe its a plant from flight 17, and this report has been published to try and close to a disappearance they have no true knowledge of.
agreed....I love the barnacle touch as well..LOL!....they want to try to make it believable that its been in the ocean for that length of time.....what is interesting is now we know that there is really something to this missing flight they don't want us to know....
@Nomad & yags_2001...I wholeheartedly agree with your views.
People who think like you couldn't solve a Hardy Boys mystery, , guesswork leads to answers, dim wit!!!!
US, I have always believed people like you should never be left alone ! And you comment leaves me to believe that conclusion is correct..
Why did it take a month to find the serial number? It seems they could have had Boeing examine the part and the mystery would have been solved same day.
Again that would be logical thinking.
look folks. boeing dispatched a team that did examine it. the entire number was not there.
@Cass: And your point is what? Once they found part of the serial number it took 4 weeks to look through all the documentation to see which planes might have a match. The world has been computerized for a couple of decades and such a search would take minutes.
actually, i work there but the info on that is proprietary.
Thanks France but Malaysia already told us.
My favorite line of all time "definitely, the search will continue in the same area". Yeah, lets keep looking where we didn't find anything, rather than where the parts are washing up on the beach.
haha,, Steven,, that's why you aren't heading up the search.
Searching the area where the flaperon was located will prove uneventful. When the flaperon was first spotted, it was reported that an oceanagropher had predicted with in a range (date and place) where items would start showing up. This oceanagropher than created a model with the best probability of where the "crash" took place. I would suggest getting that model and start heading in that direction.
I hope the passengers get well soon.
You would think there should be satelite photos that might indicate how long the flap was on the island.
Uh ... of 3 numbers of serial number on the part, 1 single number corresponded with a number found in a serial number of an MH370 flaperon ... but the other 2 numbers are not a part of any MH370 flaperon. What kind of new BS is this? Why doesn't Malaysia just go get a flaperon out of a salvage yard, forge some correct serial numbers on it belonging to MH370, toss it in the ocean and call THAT proof MH370 went down. Because ... it appears that's all they're doing in this case.
I'm glad French aviation experts took the time to test the paint and the metal and did not reach a hasty conclusion that the flaperon was from MH370 unlike Malaysia. Conceivably some evil genius could have planted this part on Reunion island just for the thrill of throwing a monkey wrench into the investigation.
Well, it was found on French territory. :)
ya it took them a month to read the serial number duhhhh
@Commenter, the part number (which can be accessed in the 777 assembly manual published on the internet) was written on with a sharpie. The serial number is on a plate that is attached to the flaperon, but that apparently came off in the ocean.....so you can see why it was important for investigators to take their time and do a thorough job.
I hope this brings some closure to the families of the passengers. Although still tragic, at least it will answer some questions. Hopefully we'll have more answers soon.
no, not at all............closure? are you serious?
Great ! Now if they could just confirm what part of the Indian ocean it came from.
same place a where 0bama was born
I'm thinking that "very high probability" was about 99.99999999% sure it was from MH370. I mean, how many Boeing 777 parts from other flights would be floating around on our planet? If it's more than one possible flight, that would be scary.
Well, keep in mind, there's still a lot of junk from the huge Tsunami a couple years ago that wiped out a bunch of commercial airliner boneyards in the region that had parted out 777s that ended up drug out to see.
Dubious, a boneyard, really? The Boeing 777 hasn't been around long enough for ANY to be in an aircraft boneyard. How many total loss crashes have happened with the 777? None until MH370.
I'm not into conspiracy theories, but a mainstream news org reported the flaperon was missing an ID plate (it was gone) and the barnacles suggested it had to be submerged at a particular depth (10-20' below water? Something that seemed difficult to believe.). The lack of additional debris seems odd. It had a perfect (pilotless) landing on the water and sank intact?
They know where this wing washed up at, from that can they tell which path it took based on the direction and strength of the waves? I know that's a lot to ask but it's amazing what technology can do now days. They wont find the bodies but the bones may still be intact unless it exploded on impact. 1 out of 3 of the numbers matched a serial number.....well I would be shocked if it didn't, those serial numbers are probably like 13 numbers long and contain every number 1-9. If the investigators are not willing to say 100% this is the wing of the plane, I wonder if they are just saying it is to calm everyone's fears and to give closure to the family's? You can never trust any gov. then again what other plane has crashed there??? It would have to be that plane by simple process of elimination?
It has been lost for more than a year. They would have to trace ocean back in order to find that out. They may do it, but it would be tricky. Not to mention the storms, etc
Having trouble coming to a conclusion are you? Maybe this or maybe that?
It is not that other planes reported that they were missing a flaperon.
Yea maybe. But the problem is the currents in the Indian ocean change throughout the year.
she said bones lmfao they aint finding bones hobo
Wendy. COmmon sense should tell you unless you are blonde that Wreckage from an aircraft that large will not be limited to just this SINGLE piece. No other parts have been found NONE.. that makes this complete bull #$%$.
The post didn't say 3 digits were recovered but 3 numbers. 89485950348332 is a number, 0-9 are digits that may appear in the number. One of the 3 "numbers or figures", as they were also called, that they found were a match to that part for that type of plane. 99% conclusive.
They lost a plane than was electronically tethered and monitored in probably 100 different ways, and they have no idea on the how, where, why or when... and you have enough faith in technology that you want to them to tell you the origin of a piece of debris that has been floating around in the ocean for a year? You are more optimistic than I am.
@ larry n. Certainly not a single piece but a successful water landing might limit the debris to things like the flaps that would be down and easily ripped off. Aircraft could have sunk largely intact as would most of the debris. Reunion is a small island many miles from the "crash" site so a lot of stuff could have drifted on by or been unrecognizable as crash debris. Most oceans are so full of junk that most washed up debris would be ignored.
@Your nightmare But what was left out of the article is that the flaperon's description doesn't match any of the flight logs. Each plane part is tightly regulated. Any modifications, repairs, etc to any plane parts are recorded too. This plane part doesn't match any of the description meaning it may have 3 numbers that match the MH370, but the actual part itself does not. It sounds like the part is a plant. However for it to be a plant, this would require a huge conspiracy in the airline industry and elsewhere.
This is sure going to be attacked by the Conspiracy Theorists.
YOU RACIST HATER! oh, wait... wrong post. IT'S BUSH'S FAULT!
Because that was the only thing that the mothership regurgitated and spit out before returning into deep space.
Yeah, it takes me a month to read and compare two serial numbers as well.
Putin shot MH370 right out of the sky just like the one over Ukraine Score: Russia 2 Malaysia 0
I'll take it that since there isn't another 777 missing that it's pretty much that of 370. Lol.
Exactly,they said there was no other missing 777 in the world,this part is from a 777,open and shut case.
One thing interesting here, from a different article, was that it had barnacles on it of a type that meant it would have had to be suspended a few feet down in the water for a period of time. Parts like this either sink or float - no suspended business unless it was still attached to the plane for a while? Been any big air-plane-breakup storms in the area lately?
er... parts floating in the water bob UP AND DOWN... and half of it is ALWAYS going to be under water. And not having seen which water tight sections were still 'water tight', it's likely that the wing didn't float "flat" but bobbed upright like a pencil.
I hope this wing part brings searchers closer to finding the plane, keeping in mind it has been over a year since this plane went down and that wing part could of floated for thousands of miles before it washed up on this tiny island. These families are due some closure as to where their loved ones are or what exactly happened on that fateful night.
Here is closure: their loved ones are in Heaven & Hell, respectively, and islamo-fanatics crashed the plane.
I know where they are. Tell the family to call me and I will provide them closure for a small cost.
Cathy, were does it say t washed up on shore, also they have had time to test for explosive residue but they aren't saying any thing, leaves bigger questions!
Cathy I appreciate your concern for closure but I am afraid bits and pieces will be the only thing recovered from this plane crash. Perhaps they can set up a memorial site for families to visit but at least they know the plane indeed crashed. RIP to all aboard
Was the cleric at the mosque where the pilot worshiped radical?
With all the investigation in to this part, it makes me wonder how many 777 flaprons are missing out there that they haven't told us about?
There are no missing B777 flaperons other than the one on other side from MH370. It is rare for large pieces to fall off airplanes, although it does occasionally happen.
@HackedbyTBags, Exactly, so why spend all this money on a lengthy investigation. I could have told them the damn thing was from MH370!
Sorry, but I willfully believe nothing anymore. A jetliner of such size disappearing without a trace in an era when we can see a sunbather on earth from outer space leaves rise for ways to seek a conclusion for the many involved in MH370's disappearance, passengers, and fruitless search for it. I'm not saying it's not part of the wreckage, only that I place little trust in there being no deception involved. It's just how things are now. Manipulate some numbers and voila! Nothing is sacred anymore outside the individual.
Technology is not as amazing as you think. There are all sorts of conditions that have to be perfect in order to see that sunbather. Once this plane got below a certain point, radar lost it. We still have no idea where it actually went into the water, so to speculate that they were even searching the right place when it happened is futile.
Conspiracy manufacturing is the method by which the ignorant struggle to understand what they can't.
There has to be a satellite overhead to get that picture of a sun bather? There are not that many tracking satellites and they do not necessary monitor airline traffic even if they are in the proper position.
This mystery goes on and on. My heart goes out to the friends and family of those on board.
Wasn't this confirmed last month? Or is this a confirmation for the confirmation? Please confirm.
confirmed, the confirmation of the confirmation was confirmed...
Everybody pretty much knew it was, this just provides positive ID.................
Can a Boeing 777 still fly without one of it's fourteen flaperons??
Will we see a confirmation on France's confirmation? Anyone?
It was confirmed by Malaysia which don't have a clue about anything.
No, it was not confirmed last month. It was confirmed that the part number matched, but that isn't the same thing.
It was a probable confirmation that had to pass the Confirmed Test by a Confirmation Panel and after some detailed analysis,, they confirmed that the confirmation was a correct one confirming what was thought to be confirmed all along. This part confirms that the plane is no longer flying!
you just confirmed it once more..i like your reasoning
Well it is good to see this investigation is moving at snail speed. They might find wreckage in a couple of years.
All of this information can be found on Hillary Clinton's server.
Duh, the only missing 777, wonder how much they spent to come up with that startling conclusion.
I wish I were in on this cash cow...
Let's see. It was found on the beach on Reunion Island. It has barnacles, which indicates it was in shallow water. It came off the plane, indicating it was in shallow enough water for wave action to break it free. Hum, maybe, just maybe, they should look in shallow water around Reunion Island, and I'd start up current and wind from that beach. just a thought.
Finally we can start getting some closure to the families of the victims. The media has done a horrible job in covering this tragedy. This is irresponsible reporting and is not helpful at all. Lt. Gen. McInerney: I Think the #MH370 Passengers May Be Alive & I Think the Plane Landed (Video) Retired Lt. General Thomas McInerney was back on with Sean Hannity tonight and still stands by his original statements that missing MH370 landed and did not crash into the ocean.
The media is for entertainment, not for family members to gather information. This has been covered in every angle possible. Big $$ maker. Speculation about terrorist landing this plane etc has been worn out too.
whether it is for political gain or money it is irresponsible reporting. Sometimes resulting in blatant lies. Industry experts have remained confident just as they did with Air france flight 447 that the flight ended in the indian ocean and yet here we are still not convinced. Its time to end deceptive reporting.
Why are they using prosecutors ??? Are they fixing to sue somebody?
I would have thought that Boeing would be the one to positively confirm that it was one of their planes, not the French.
32 days to confirm a serial number = Investigations at the SPEED of Government and Bureaucracy.
Let's take a close look at what the French investigators actually said, notwithstanding the headline of this article. "In the statement Thursday, prosecutors said investigators discovered three numbers on the wing part, and later concluded that one of the figures corresponded to the serial number of an MH370 flaperon." "ONE of the figures sorresponded". That is one number in a series of numbers who knows how long, matched. I think in a court of law that would be considered extremely weak evidence, don't you?
Right....but how many MH370's are missing out there?
Considering there is only ONE missing aircraft of that type,I would make the same conclusion.There are no other missing flaperons so it's a given."The Shadow Don't Know"!!
Not necessarily, "Figure" and "number" do not have to each mean a single digit. The "figure" referred to could be the entire serial number. Evidentiary value would also depend on how the serial number was generated (Boeing would know) and what part of it survived.
It could be that there were 3 separate numbers (barcodes), not just 3 numbers in a sequence and one of those barcodes matched the MH370 flaperon
Also,MH370 was the flight number.The craft is a Boeing 777.Thank you.
There have been 5 total 777's wrecked, and every one of those 4 other planes are accounted for.
Someone wrote here, that it's not that hard to buy 777 parts on the secondary market and no one keeps track of them.
What MJ said. What I gathered from discussions on aviation boards is that the ID plate is missing from the flaperon. The flaperon on MH370 might have been replaced at some time with a new or used part, and whatever numbers found on this retrieved flaperon possibly do not completely exactly match Malaysian Airlines records. Thus, the French will not state with absolute certainty. Aviation industry thinks it likely that MAS keeps substandard records. From aviation discussion board (y'all can do the fact-checking): Only 5 hull losses for all models of B777, and only the MH370 hull hasn't been recovered. MH370 disappeared in the Eastern part of the Indian Ocean, and flotsam from that area regularly washes up on Reunion. Total of 1320 B777's (all variants) built to July 2015 1265 B777's are currently in regular use by airlines The remaining numbers (54 not including MH370) can be tracked down and identified, and are either in storage, or in the process of sale, or undergoing maintenance/repair.
My neighbor who worked for Boing doing repairs on planes that could not safely get back to an equipped facility to be repaired said that when a flapperon was replaced in a foreign country they would not bring it back to the states. They would cut it in 3 pieces and leave it there. Remember that a lot of these countries use the ocean as their dump and some use refuse to expand land mass.
Now they know everyone is dead - stop looking -way too expensive. Pay the relatives and move on. Only problem: who pays? Malaysia Airlines (pilot error, suicide, etc.) or Boeing (plane malfunction).
Won't be Boing. It will be cited as an accident. They may blame the pilots thou no one really believes they were at fault in the higher arch of people "in the know" . Using manufacturer parts has a whole new importance now. The black box its self had gone a year past it's due manufacturer maintenance.
It was taken thousands of miles off course by accident??
Guess that rules out any possibility that it could have ben a part from Amelia's plane. Yes, it may have been obvious but too often a race to judgment is bad practice. Unfortunately it most likely won't make finding the wreckage any easier.
Wondering why this comes from the French prosecutors instead of someone in an aviation related agency?
Of course it is, since only one 777 has ever been lost (One other was shot down over Ukraine, and 3 crash-landed in airports [London, Cairo, and San Francisco]; but there are no missing flaperons in any of these, and they all happened in the Northern Hemisphere and over land)
I hope they are sure this is really from the only missing 777 in world history. These flaperons fall of constantly there must thousands floating in just the Indian Ocean alone.
And how much did taxpayers cough up to determine the obvious?
Amazing only one of those planes missing, and wing from one shows up, but it had to be verified by a serial number?
Yeah. Makes ya wonder if 777's toss parts on such a regular basis, that they need to check that......
Mayhaps they thought it was a spare part that fell off of a transport freighter? Yeah, seems pretty obvious to me too...
The NRA probably had something to do with this.
One of the strangest aviation accidents ever. I wonder if the plane will ever be found...
I think it is brilliant that whey were even looking in the right area. It is really weird. I was watching the sharkathon last weekend. One of the exploration for sharks was off Reunion. They mention that there were deep canyons in that area. Of course, these divers were diving there way before the plane went down. But they did go to the bottom so it can be done. Certainly the people in charge of looking for the plane have talked to underwater divers. There were a lot of them from New Zealand & Australia.
The Plane isn't anywhere nears Reunion. The wing floated 1000s of miles from the crash sight. Nobody will be diving those canyons for more plane parts.
And the plane was never found.
If you know that, why havent you told them where it is
Robert is correct; ocean currents and weather patters over the course of the year brought the part to Reunion. Investigators traced back those currents to confirm that they're looking in the correct region for the actual aircraft.
people no one is right til they find the plane. they are dumb to not search where there has been a clue
Destiny, the wing floated to Reunion, so I'm sure they are looking around Reunion for more floating debris since it would travelled along with the wing. But as far as the plane goes...IT"S NOT EVEN CLOSE TO REUNION.
The depth of the Indian Ocean is 26,000 feet, I don't think you're going to find many people diving there, disgusting... and the Reunion Island canyons are over 1000ft, WAY too deep for ANY diving.
Why are we taking "discusting"'s opinion seriously? I'm disgusted by the way "discusting" spells.
Are people really this stupid? Is there anyone who thinks that this part may have fallen off another 777 flying overhead & nobody noticed it missing from the aircraft?
Yes, anyone who think this part could have fallen off an aircraft without it affecting the performance of the aircraft or not noticed in the the preflight inspection every aircraft gets before take off are certainly the pinnacle of stupidity.
Let the conspiracy theories begin! (If they haven't already).
Thank God now the families will have some closure.
Not really, it just proves that a part of the plane was found, they really need to find the rest (or as much as they can) for closure. But the how and why may never be answered.
Well, now the loved ones of the fated passengers are aware there is no hope for their return. We will probably never know what happened. SAD!
I thought it was already confirmed that it was part of the plane. Did I miss something
Don't be fooled, investigators. We all know that the plane was hijacked by jihad-minded Russians and flown to a secret, abandoned military runway in Central Asia. Pakistan, China and Indian military officials are in kahoots with these terrorists, saying their radar didn't pick it up as it flew in/near their airspace. The terrorists are planning to attack Israel with the plane any day now. They rebuilt their own flaparon and jettisoned the old one on Reunion Island just to throw investigators off the scent. Now I originally concluded that the hell-bent pilot sickly murdered hundreds of innocent passengers on his suicide mission, like a coward, but I watch Don Lemon on CNN and he and his guests said that this terrorist scenario was plausible, so I assume it's true...
"I watch Don Lemon on CNN and he and his guests said that this terrorist scenario was plausible, so I assume it's true" Oooooooooooo K
Do you know what overweight Black women & crashed airliners have in common? They both have Black boxes that are hard to find!.
I am a retired airline mechanic... AS customery.EVERY major component MUST have a serial number and Part Number RIVITED on said component...All this common maintenance does not give me much confidene in their maint program. A single call the day it washed up could have save untold expense...but,then again,office workers would have to defer knowledge to "blue-collar. We know they wont
If you're an A&P mechanic, then you also KNOW that a partial component (like the PARTIAL flaperon) may not have a surviving number late still atached. A
If you're an A&P mechanic, then you also KNOW that a partial component (like the PARTIAL flaperon) may not have a surviving number late still attached. And that the plate MAY have been on a still SEALED (water tight) section that was only discovered upon later disassemble of the component. There's a reason why A&P mechanics rarely sit on an aircraft incident investigation board.
So they think they can keep this charade going until after the election? Do you suppose the leaders like agree on this? The world is better off not knowing. There will be diaries and dying words. At least I hope so. A world side conspiracy to cover up' Who would have thought this could bring us to agree on something?
This was obviously an air attack on the inhabitants of the Indian Ocean! When will the violence cease!!
Uuuuh, how many more times is it going to be confirmed. We believe it already.
The U.S., as usual, will have a press conference and pretend that they alone found the part and identified it.
Now, will somebody hang Jeff Wise (aviation analyst at CNN) by his b@//$- for falsely accusing the Russians for being the culprits behind the disappearance of MH 370 - all for the sake of Russophobia propaganda. I'm so sick of all these opinion-based press, most of which is untruthful and used for Siniphobia and Russophobia propaganda. Oh yeah, Putin is the richest man in the world with a net worth of $200 billion.
Putin is pure evil. He is the enemy. All Russians are the enemy. We should nuke them.
All sad for the families, but so embarrassing for Malaysia. The name/definition of the country, said it all.
I would think the sea life living on the flapron would give some indication as to where in the ocean they could search for the plane. Yes, we know that more than likely all the people on the plane perished. That is not why we are anxious for the plane to be found. It is in hopes that some information on how it crashed could be found. It is a scary thing that in this day and age that a passenger plane of this size could simply disappear.
Somewhere in the sea. Probably the Indian Ocean.
of course I have but not a huge passenger plane
Yeah, it didnt disappear you see, its in the ocean
Dennis thanks for captain obvious comment couldn't have lived my day without it. :)
For all intents and purposes it did disappear. It was once a bleep on the radar then it disappeared.
opinionated who are you calling stupid?
The key is not to try to fix stupid.. Stupid will fix itself in the long run. Be it not pretty however.
o p ....back under your rock.
I am not stupid. I know that the plane is under the ocean. I stated that in my original comment. When I said disappear, well you know what I meant. So if anyone is stupid it is those of you that point out the obvious instead of offering any intelligent insight. SMH
Well Dennis at least something helped you .....Just saying
Yes it is scary that giant jet planes can be lost but the Oceans are vast, and much of the oceans is still unknown.
Connard - You're missing the point. Yes oceans are vast...duh. With the technology available these days, it's still scary that we can't find a lost passenger airliner. They should be able to track it somehow. Black boxes should be water proof and the signal should be strong enough to find it.
Deric you are hitting the nail on the head my friend.
Dennis those are used as sarcasm. I figured you would understand those things better than intelligent conversation. You see I was just bringing myself down to your level so that we could communicate better. I am so thoughtful!
sheep like you is the reason america went to hell
h.a.r.v. what is the world are you talking about? did you accidently post on the wrong comment?
Oh because you used capital letters I understand you so much more clearly now! Wow what a difference that made.
Not all marine life live in the same parts of the ocean due to salinity and temperature. I was merely stating that the marine life could give an indication as where to search.
There was an article earlier about ocean currents. All we know is that the search area is consistent with debris possibly washing up on Reunion. Currents as they are though, it is impossible to narrow down. The crash was probably somewhere in the South East Indian Ocean. Or East Indian Ocean. Basically locating this flaperon doesn't give us any better data than the satellite ping information.
I thought I had read somewhere due to the type of barnacles they might be able to pin point with a little more certainty? That ping situation seemed like a shipshod carnival at best. I understand that the ocean is deep. But I would think the boxes are designed to ping through miles of ocean.
"Under the ocean" would be the Earth's core. You mean "in the ocean".
Hardly the core. First you would have to dig down 11 miles to get to the upper mantle. Then another 1700 miles to get through the mantle to the core. Under the sea is even a little mermaid song! I actually meant under the ocean. I do not believe it is adrift in the ocean. I think it is on the floor of the ocean technically under all the water. IN saying all this I think what I said "under the ocean" is actually much closer than what you implied the earth's core. Which is around 1711 miles under the ocean. :)
But join in with all the smarty's if you want. All it does is make you look like a smart aleck who has nothing to contribute except a quip here and there. 10 thousand comedians out of work and you want to be one......
How much money was spent on the colossal waste of time. Of course it is from the airplane. Everyone knew that and Boeing confirmed it before France even had their hands on the part. Good work detectives...now on to where the plane is at.
So no further speculation as to what happened to the missing plane? Does this direct them towards a new search area?
Conspiracy theorists = This actually is from one of the planes the US Govt planted in the WTC after bombing the towers. MH370 was just a way to cover up the disposal of said WTC plane. Passengers of MH370 are being held in a secret Arctic bunker the CIA built during WWII.
No they are not at Camp Century because that is the new alien test......opppsssss maybe I have said too much.
Drat, we were all waiting for the barnacle aging process information! When will that come out?!
The rest of the Aircraft was seen entering the UFO on radar.
I hope this helps them find the wreckage and a potential cause. Otherwise this would just end up being one big tease.
So this piece of wing just fell off the plane and then it crashed into a deep part of the Indian ocean.
OK, can we finally stop with the conspiracy theories about that being the same plane shot down in the Ukraine? What's that? That's what they want me to believe? Well, I guess not.
I am curious how a metal object with holes it it manages to float??? Looking at the pictures, there does not seem to be any section that is watertight.... As for all the theories... The facts are there were numerous passengers that were involved in new stealth tech flying to a "meeting" that disappeared with this plane.. Humm, and this fairly new plane with new and advanced technology seemed to turn into a ghost in the air. (radar and satellites can track birds...) THAT alone raises speculation and creates motive. not to mention that a mysterious cell message and photo was sent from Diego Garcia from a person that was confirmed a passenger on the plane AFTER it disappeared, but that somehow has been dismissed and has disappeared from the media. This is high profile and folks will only find what those involved want found unless a whistleblower comes forward... but of course that would be certain repercussions and new disappearances that would probably be blamed on human or mechanical error... The truth is out there, big brother has his agenda sadly human lives mean nothing.... I am not trying to be negative or anti government here, just cannot and will not dismiss the ambiguity of our and other governmental entities.
er, danny, the entire wing is pretty much sealed and waterproof (and that means it floats). That's the only way to keep corrosion out of the inner wing components.
danny boy....."sometimes", airplane wings are used as fuel tanks
Okay, soooo, maybe look at the pictures...lol funny how people don't "like" someone to have their own opinion... is what it is..
This most likely IS a part of MH370. However, the way I read their statement, it sounds as though ONE of the THREE numbers on the part corresponds to the serial number of an MH370 flaperon. Is that enough to say, with all certainty, that the part came from the plane in question? Perhaps I am misreading the statement.
Only ONE piece found? Hmmmm A massive huge aircraft presumably crashes into the ocean/island and and only one piece of said plane is found. So, for more than one year this one piece has been floating around while the remaining 1,000,000 pieces simply disappeared? Hmmmm Call me a nut-case, okay, but I just do not buy this #$%$. This one piece is no confirmation. These freaken terrorists are smart enough to have tossed this piece out there and wala, the plane crashed but not her other evidence. I this analogous to the prey breaking a branch leading to the wrong direction so followers will be mislead. The plane is being hidden somewhere. The problem is that if this is so it has to be for something major which would make 911 like a holiday. For an educated world we are more gullible and more ignorant than ever before. NO wonder magic is so popular!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
LOL Peter.......... he asked us to.
I don't think you understand. That part is from a 777, you do realize that the part cannot be bought or duplicated outside of Boeing's explicit knowledge? Whoever would have supposedly and nefariously planted that part would also have to have contacts within Boeing. That part would either have to be from MH370, or an exact replica, not a close replica, but an exact replica that was made by someone who somehow guessed the proper serial numbers that took a month of technical research just to find. To make that airliner a nuclear weapon is logistically impossible. It would take hundreds of millions of dollars only to find that the airliner cannot be flown with or fitted with nuclear avionics. The wings are also on the bottom of the fuselage, they would have to be removed and somehow refitted/reworked and have added pylons and engine mounts (it only has two). The best anyone could do after physically impossible alterations is hope it flies somewhere in the direction of a target and drop nukes out of the back and hope they detonate because there is no known way to do that with that aircraft. The thought of such is just...dumb...please...just stop.
"wala"?? kind of says it all. maybe you should learn French.
Huh.. Imagine that... I was expecting it to be caused by Gullible Warming... Of course it was from MH370... There are not a whole lot of missing Boeing 777 flaperons. The only possible explanation for this to not be, wold involve a government conspiracy of extraordinary proportions... I am sure there are some folks out there sporting tin foil hats, that are on board with that... But I say, Flight MH370 went missing by the hands of a servant of allah, causing more sadness, mayhem, and suffering in the name of their false god.
Talk about the gullible. There are many reasons for the flapperon being in the ocean other than a missing B777. If you really try I bet you might come up with, huh, none!
Definitely agree. I wish the worlds people would evolve past this whole ridiculous god concept all together. But we're still fighting ourselves over skin color, eye shape, ect. So if I am gambling man, id put my money on us burning this world down before we figure it out. Sad
OTP, I am guessing you failed out of your probabilities and statistics classes in high school. Hey if you ever decide to play poker, I would love to be there at the table with you... The higher the stakes, the better!!! I suppose there can be a reason for a B777 Flaperon to be floating in the seas of moon Titan as well... But.. I would bet against it, from a probability and statistics perspective.
Dennis, I too am an agnostic, I have been agnostic since the 1970s. but... I think the people of the Western World are personally lost without religion. and are bonding with the Nanny state to fill the void. We are turning into the Orwellian nightmare of over regulated, peer pressured weirdos. Most humans need a reason to exist, some higher meaning to it all... Without a judgement day, without a higher power keeping score, there is little motivation to stop people from doing crime, and violence they think they can get away with. Put that in tandem with the single parent rates, and loss of extended family in our society, and you have one Giant F ingmess!
This isn't new news. Confirmation occurred weeks ago by most standards.
But not by "French" standards... Oui Oui
It wasn't confirmed by ANY standards weeks ago. We all KNEW it had to come from MH370, but it STILL had to be PROVEN, and that's what took all this time. Boeing and Malaysia Airlines had to be able to have an expert testify under oath that this part could ONLY have come from MH370 and no other aircraft or source.
all those people had phone off and the battery pull and plane had no tracking devices on? this is after 911 upgrades your kidding it just disappeared?
Russians dropped the flaperon off the submarine. The facts are: Mr. Putin hi-jacked PERSONALLY the Malaysian Boeing, then flew it over Ukraine then parachuted from the burning aircraft. As soon as he landed he went to gym to do some work out, after that he drank some tea and ordered to drop the f...ing flaperon right next to Reunion. The rest you know. The dates are different but it is minor-important part is Putin, dates are irrelevant.
I KNOW it. I told you all that, but nobody believed me!
Seeing that the flaperon was definitely from a 777 and MH370 was the only missing 777 it shouldn't take that long to figure it out.
They thought there might have been another 777 missing in our parallel universe!
It's not that they didn't think it was part of it, it's not that it took this long to figure it out, it's that they needed to be absolutely sure before telling anyone about it. If you find a possible piece of an airplane that had that many people on it, and no one knew where it went, you can't really be afford to be wrong if it turns out to not be an actual part.
At least it didn't have a note attached to it saying "Help, were trapped on a weird island with a smoke monster."
They needed to be ABSOLUTELY certain the part was from MH370. Who's to say that a similar wing segment simply slipped through the cracks in their accounting system and found its way into the ocean? They needed a serial number or something else to uniquely link it to the missing plane. I don't hold out much hope for them ever finding the wreckage of the missing plane, however. The ocean is a pretty big place and when you don't have an approximate location, a search is pretty hopeless.
Gary and Chris The experts says that there are only so many 777. All are accounted for in some form or fashion except this one. Therefore, it has to be the MH 370.
They sat around eating and B.........s about the world and other things like a lil vacation when they knew all along ....
So the plane did deviate the flight path.. Kinda makes you wonder if it was deliberate like one crashed in the Alps.
Who is to say it was not planted there to throw off the searchers? What better way to steer people away from where the plane could be or is? Why no other parts? Why no life jackets found or other debris that would certainly find its way out of the plane sooner or later as it broke apart in the ocean? Why no bodies? IF this one part came off,, why not the others on the plane also? It seems strange this managed to find its way to shore but not one item that is designed to float did.
Conspiracies are fun, aren't they? The problem is that some gullible people think that because a conspiracy isn't proven impossible (which itself is impossible) it must be real.
At least there's one with some common sense. Thank you, David.
Easy Writer ,, only fools and naive people rule out foul play. Anything is possible today.
If the plane did not go down ( Conspiracy theory # 2745) and was diverted for who knows what purposes - how convenient that a part washes up on shore to essentially cement the idea that the plane went down. What about all the other debris - life jackets, unopened soda cans, bottles, luggage contents.... Agreed, most of it would not be able to be tied to this particular flight - but what a clean ocean - except for the wing - hitting the dot of an island .....
Because pilot attempted to land in the ocean with the flaperons deployed, and this one got detached upon contact with water. The rest of the plane went down almost intact.
@David. That's my point. It COULD be true, but possible and likely are quite different. I can't rule out winning the lottery but only a fool would assume it will happen this week. There's a lot of evidence that the plane wandered off course into the South Indian sea even without this piece and none (so far) that it was hijacked.
There is so much doubt and controversy behind the disappearance of MH370 it's become difficult to believe what is true or not.. It would still be useful to check the status and integrity of the ex MAL 777 9M-MRI N105GT which is a sister airframe to MH370 and which was last seen sitting in a discreet bay at TLV airport in Israel. It was sold to GA Telesis company ostensibly for parts and contracted to IAI in October 2013. It didn't crash or classed as a lost airframe and could equally be a source of parts identical to that of MH370.. Check the details on planespotters.net. There is far more to this story than the Investigators and concerned parties would have the rest know.. We can but hope the truth will come out..
They matched the serial number fool, go to bed you're still drunk.
How convenient. Couldn't verify before, found these 3 magic numbers, and now we're told it is definitely from MH370. Are there also torch marks where the US Government cut this part off prior to throwing it into the ocean a year later? The rest of that plane is sitting in a hanger on the island of Diego Garcia, or at the bottom of the ocean after it was shot down by accident for crossing into Diego Garcia's air space. Conspiracy complete!
And you thought ALL of that up with just one brain cell? Amazing!
I think termites chewed through the control cabls.
Oh Bob...that is a good one. I am going to plagiarize that someday in the near future for sure. Where do I send the royalty check?
Haha - Bob's a potato head. Go back and hide in your basement, you'll be safe there.
can we please move on? they are dead and have been. the family needs to come to terms and get out of the denial stage. the general public has known since it has happened that they are gone. i am sorry it is tragic, but the news and families need to move on unless new info comes to fruition.
At this point in time, I don't think any family member was expecting their relative to come walking in the door. No denials occurring. People just want to know the hows and whys. There is still speculation going on as to how Amelia Earhart died.
The importance of finding the plane is two-fold. 1) return remains to families to fully bury and begin the healing process. 2) Find the black boxes to determine what happened. What if this plane went down for a mechanical issue, its something that needs logged, tracked and researched to make sure other 777's are not suspect to similar fates.
I agree J.... I was tired of hearing about this months again
no one cares about moving on except the families. the black boxes are already probably destroyed. i have moved on. i even moved on when i had a family member die. you cannot live in the past. yes it is tragic, but enough already of the families crying and protest in front of the gov buildings.
Why are most people quick to say since it came from a 777, that the flaperon must be MH370's?? There have been 2 huge tsunamis, several monsoons and typhoons, dozens of lost cargo in that area since the 777's have been flying. Just because no other 777 has "crashed" or lost a flaperon in flight, doesn't mean a flaperon can't be found somewhere. I would think the all 777's out there ARE NOT flying with their original flaperons. who knows where and how disposal of flaperons have been done. and the Japan tsunami did send major debris of planes into the ocean since it inundated Sendai Airport and it's hangers. I'm sure other warehouses and storages have lost tonnes of large items.
Yep, I can see how unused flaperons from the Boeing company can find their way into that ocean which, oddly enough, is also where the plane is thought to have crashed. Yeah, it can't be from the plane, it has to be a spare or one from a plane from the desert plane graveyard all the way over the other side of the planet in the US. That's the only logical explanation.
Gandozer.. I REALLY hope you are not serious.. cause if you're that goofy to think that Boeing aircraft parts are just are just "floating around" in the ocean.. then you need help with other aspects in life.
@gandozer; I feel your pain of trying to add logic to this.As unstable as the world has been since obozzo took the chair,I am reluctant to rule anything out in a lot of happenings anymore.
Since the 777 is one of the newest airliners out there, and has had so few crashes, finding a piece such as this, points back at the missing airliner. There have been three crashes of the type, and two of them happened on land. And I am sure most parts were picked up, and inspected. Having been on several aircraft crash boards, as a jet engine mechanic, having to answer questions pertaining to that area, and as I call it, going to the crash sites and sweeping up the pieces, here it goes, one crash of an F-4 aircraft, on the lakebed, was from point of impact to the farthest piece of wreckage, a half mile, by a quarter mile wide in a fan shaped debris field. No single piece was bigger than would fit into a standard pickup bed. We recovered something like 70 percent of the aircraft by weight. And the pilot killed in the crash, we recovered 38 pounds of human remains. Most of which were his chute, which did not eject him, and save his life. Yes, that is how much investigation goes into a crash. Civilian or military, those in charge, want to know what why and how it happened. Now with 9-11, yes indeed, if there is any chance at all, the aircraft is somewhere else, being prepared as a weapon of terrorists, that too must be checked out, and stopped. So finding it has a priority of two conditions. One, proving it crashed, and was not diverted to become a weapon of destruction or terrorism. Two finding out why it crashed, be it mechanical failure, pilot error, suicide, hi-jacking or what have you. And those findings become one, depending upon what is found.
I have news for you. Flaperons don't spontaneously materialize. They have to come from somewhere, and a 777 flaperon has to come from a 777. The only 777 flaperons that are missing were last seen attached to MH370. You don't need to be Sherlock Holmes to figure this one out.
@fut; How many were replaced in the last 10 years and where are the old ones? Where are the ones made that had minor defects when made and not used.How many were bought for spare parts on hand?You may think you have the answer,but I'm not sure.
That is information Boeing has, and they keep serial numbers on that. In addition, if any aircraft had lost one, they would have to conduct an investigation to determine if there was a problem with the whole fleet of 777's that could result in loss of life and massive liability on their part if they didn't investigate and make necessary corrections.
If Boeing replaces any part, they keep records of it, and they investigate why the part failed. They keep records and serial numbers on where all their parts go. You seem to think aircraft manufacturers are like auto manufacturers, and they're not. If they have one with defects, they don't throw it in the ocean; they recycle it.
So if putin replaced one and told them he threw the old one in the recycle bin,it's a done deal?
If he replaced one, he got the part from Boeing, and they keep a record of it along with the serial number as well as a record of any investigation to determine if there was a flaw in the design
The serial # plate is missing.
It was in a crash; duh! Of course parts were ripped off it. If it was in pristine condition, you would be saying it's too convenient that it's in such good condition because you just want to create a conspiracy where there is none. You obviously fail to apply logic, common sense, and intelligence because you're devoid of all three. There is absolutely no reason for anyone to put this part in the ocean; it accomplishes absolutely nothing that anyone would want to accomplish that they could not have better accomplished by not putting it there. Your tin foil beanie is missing, and you need to start taking your meds again
@fut; You are very defensive,should homeland security be looking at you?If after all the inconsistences of this happening doesn't give you reason to have doubt something may be up.
You are either very mentally ill or brain damaged; the men in the white coats with the butterfly nets should be looking at you. If you weren't so mentally ill, you would realize that life isn't perfect. The only inconsistencies are in your fantasies, which you mistake for reality.
FYI, when things in the real world are subject to the forces involved in a plane crash, it's not inconsistent for them to come off. In your fantasy world it may be different, but in the REAL WORLD it's not.
There's no reason a Harley Davidson from Japan ended up on a beach in the U.S. or how a piece of a commuter train used in Japan ended up off of Mexico, but they did, had it been an airplane part it must have come from a crashed or missing plane right?
Why would this take a MONTH??? Considering how many millions have been spent looking for the plane, you would think that 4-5 people could have confirmed that this came from flight 370 in about 24-48 hours.
I'm certain the tests needed confirmation by 3rd parties. As such, pieces of the debris might have been sent to labs around the globe to get some ideas of the age of debris, exact part/serial number match. Forensic as to how it fell apart(air/water). Not to mention any chemical composition of possible cause due to fire/explosion. External or internal problems the wing faced during separation.
The manufacturer did. But the conclusion was based on the obvious. This was scientifically proven to be the part
Considering number of 777 that fell out of sky, there's not that many in the area the wing was found. You would think excess of 777 wing part does not float for no reason. It's safe to assume if the wing belonged to 777 and it was in the general area the last plane suspected to fell. It was most logic to say the MH370 is one possible outcome.
I am just saying that a total of 5 777's have crashed ever. This is the ONLY one unaccounted for. I am not an expert, but it shouldn't be too hard to figure out in say 24-48 hours that it was from a 777, thus being from flight 370.
Meanwhile, the conspiracy nutballs keep spinning their wacko conspiracy theories while fondling themselves while naked in front of a mirror.
JADE HELM! The plane is in a Walmart in Dubuque
This is odd. Last week, it was reported by all the media that the serial number plate attached to the wing had been completely removed. They say the numbers on that missing plate would have identified whether it was flight MH370. In this article, they ignore that fact until the very last sentence where they state
@Mike...Agree. Something stinks about this whole MH370 thing.
The end of my statement was cut off. What I intended to be printed was, "... where they state that "... investigators found three numbers on the wing part, and later concluded that one of the figures corresponded to the serial number of the flaperon from the MH130." They moved the discussion of the serial plate up to the 7th paragraph which is good. However, they don't explain how the plate re-appeared. Then the idea that only one of the three numbers matches the serial number usually results in a negative ID, not a confirmation. Strange.
@Mike, is it not possible that the part number and serial number were on multiple places on the part (including inside it)? Another poster explained the three numbers as follows: "Please note that the 3 numbers were an assembly number, a part number and a serial number for the flaperon. The assembly number and part number are the same for all 777s; the serial number is unique to the exact plane that that part was installed on." Nothing fishy here -- just a poor explanation in the article itself...
The world is a small place these days, but when something literally falls off the radar, the world can be as vast as it was in the days of Columbus.
Well Hallelujah! They just confirmed to us what everybody knew a long time ago: all experts had agreed early on that this was a piece of a B777, and since the only B777 missing is MH370, the obvious conclusion was easy to make....
Yes...obvious it would seem, but you still need to confirm it all. Its nothing out of the ordinary.
So, we have closure. The poor souls were lost at sea. Sad. But, let's agree everyone can now call it a day as hundreds of millions have been expended on this fool's errand that will never be solved, except by the infinitesimal chance the wreckage will be discovered in the course of some other completely unrelated activity. God bless.
Well I was wrong. Looks like it was not abducted by aliens.
You been watching too many Ancient Alien shows?
Who said you were wrong? They haven't found the rest of the plane yet.
Now just a few weeks ago, the MANUFACTURER"s engineering rep said there was NO way to confirm this. Starting to sound a little fishy (no pun intended) to me.
That's what I'M saying, too !...........how come the sudden statement that it IS from that plane ???
Not strange at all. Boeing would have records of the *original* factory parts serial numbers. Then some of those parts could have been replaced at any time after the plane went into service. If the airlines who operated it did not keep proper records, there could be Boeing-made parts on there that are not original to the plane, and no evergreen record of what serial numbers are actually on that aircraft. Thus, there would be no way to confirm it 100% if it's not a factory-installed part, and nobody has an accurate record of replacement parts serial numbers. Fingers are being pointed at Malaysian Airlines for faulty record-keeping.
WRONG, A. ANY part replaced on ANY commercial aircraft would have a matching serial number, those are Boeing's rules. You're swallowing the hook with the bait.
Wrong, tuna... 'matching serial numbers' are NEVER used, there's no way to track parts that way. I think you mean all parts have RECORDED serial numbers that are specific to a part and to an individual aircraft.
Replacement parts are ASSIGNED to the aircraft they are used on. They aren't cars, their parts aren't mass produced, they are custom fit, get it Boob? They are given THAT plane's serial number for a reason, and have a corresponding report, this is how Boeing does things to cover their OWN #$%$. Remember the landing gear that miraculously turned up between two buildings Manhattan last year? Thirteen years and those weren't found in the largest crime scene in American history? I suppose you dolts believe THAT one too.
All those planes have an installation log listing the serial numbers of each assembly installed. Any burger flipper can read an installation log and figure out that flaperon came from that plane.
@nathan By the process of elimination you must be a spatula
@J P Hangedwell - I think the collective wit of the yahoo readership exceeds the collective wit of the yahoo writers.
@Eric the Flaperon has an installation log too. Each part is serialized. It would not be possible to loose all the serial numbers.
The more serious question is, what is a burger-flipperon?
@Paul - Ask your boss. He will teach you how to use it right after you learn to turn on the grill.
It would appear, based on this discovery, that the plane crashed.
The US Nay has a lot of ships. Some of them dock at Diego Garcia.
There are hangers there as well...........
I need some for my new shirts
I hear Superman isn't circumcised. (well it makes more sense than Glen-or-Glenda's lame post.)
Looking closely at the flaperon, I can say without a doubt the plane was brought down by barnacles.
This may be as much as we ever see of this plane. The Indian Ocean could swallow the continental US and we would have trouble finding it.
Indian ocean is 28.4 million sq miles and the lower 48 is 3.8 million. 7 1/2 times the size... yea, they could have a hard time.
Well, so much for the theory that the flight disappeared into a Vile vortex, got hijacked to a remote island for secret government testing, and all that other nut bag conspiracy theory #$%$!
Oh that group of nitwits are STILL going with THAT story.
The virtually undamaged flaperon indicates a strong possibility that the plane is lying intact somewhere on the sea floor... and since it is not possible for a Boeing 777 to land in the ocean and not break up, then an intact plane is pretty much confirmation of a conspiracy to hide the plane. This is indeed a crime of epic proportions committed by people using highly advanced know-how.
There is no basis for any of your assertions.
An intact plane on the ocean floor certainly explains why there was no debris field floating on the surface.
Seems like the money should be spent better elsewhere. They are all gone and passed. RIP
Unless your mom was on it...you would want to know,right?Oh,of course not...it's just your mom.
ZZZ...If my Mom were on it would be the same. If anyone I knew were on it would be the same. It's a waste of money. Once we are dead we are dead. My Dad was cremated ad his ashed spread in the ocean. My Mom's will be as well. This is an incredible waste of resources.
Barnacles are rare below 100 meters depth. The flaperon is heavily encrusted. The 360 degree encrustation means that the flaperon was completely submerged, but at a depth of 300 feet or less.
No...it means that just maybe, the flaperon could have flipped over; it doesn't mean the plane is sitting somewhere on a sandbar.
The ends are also completely encrusted. So the end was down and then the other end?
If it was spinning about like a top as Matt theorizes, all the barnacles would have died. None would have reached mature size.
Well, this proves the plane fell into the Indian Ocean: unless, that is what they want you to believe.
Barnacles that came attached to the flaperon do not grow in waters more than 50 meters deep. 50 and less means waters close to land and not in the deep part of the Indian Ocean. Can we hear some opinions from Marine Biologists.
The flaperon could have floated into shallow waters after the crash. In that amount of time, it could have traveled hundreds of mile, bobbing in the water, hence the barnacles...
Tony, That's another possibility. Nobody is right or wrong at this time. Lets hope the research of the Barnacles come out and tell us which species and which part of the Indian Ocean are endemic to.
before we pay for tickets we demand transparency - the age of plane - what major repair - ethnicity & religion of pilot - pilots pictures - age - health - how many hrs he's been flying since last rest of how long why not? no info no fly
Just had a thought. If the 777 as ditched under control it might have only sank to a point of natural buoyance to a couple hundred feet under the surface and is drifting around in the sea
As opposed to a door from a 1968 Plymouth Satellite? Idiots, 3 weeks?
Keep in mind that the Europeans the the whole month of August for vacationing. Besides, the investigators are French. Too much time sipping wine and coffee at the outdoors cafes.
This is why you never let Obama take the wheel.
Of course, it's also possible that these parts were planted by Charles Widmore to get people looking in the wrong direction, and in fact the entire plane came down on a mysterious island where strange things happen. Not Penny's boat!
Investigators should focus on the role that global warming likely played in this plane crash.
Was it found anywhere near the probable scenarios such as the claim the fishermen seeing the plane, projected course based on last known location, etc.? Or was it found far and away from anything? Also, was it inland suggesting a midair explosion or ground crash or washed up on the beach suggesting a sea crash? Give us more information!
Comment: This structural fragment appears to be made from Composite material, this brings up a possible severe structural problem that might have occurred during severe turbulence. The question is, will composite material really exceed metal in severe conditions.
It is a combination of the two, usually an aluminum inner structure with composite outer skins, although composite beam structures are making alot of advancements and proving to be a very strong alternative.
It takes the French 1 month to take a serial number from the part and ask Boeing if it came from MH340? The French. Got to love them.
They better put a bunch of guards on it. The aliens that took the plane may come back for this piece. jkg lol Seriously, this is a lead that may warm up the trail to the plane. All other leads are pretty much ice cold.
Thank you France! We now have a firm grasp of the obvious.
Wow, really? So, because you matched exactly ONE digit of a known serial number, you say with certainty it's MH370? I think I'm in the wrong business.
they require me to have a longer password than that!!!!
Seems comical and it is, YOU will believe anything, as long as it is on the TV or the internet, it's true, true as Truman Burbank.
Even a large plane hitting the ocean surface on auto-piloted glide path is not necessarily an orderly affair. If this piece was torn off, it could imply high waves in the area. Can this be used to narrow the search area? Has anyone examined the metal tear damage and attempted to match it with weather conditions across the satellite return signal perimeter using simulations?
Can a flaperon break off the wing of a 777 if it performed the extreme maneuvers shown on the air traffic radar. Yes. Can a 777 still fly with one of it's fourteen flaperons missing. Of course it can.
Still the most bizarre of aviation stories ever, believe it was not supposed to be ever found this does not mean they will find the rest and the mystery might remain.
MH-370 or MH-17, whatever you want to call it, it's the same plane.
That was taken from MH 17
Malaysia is lack of technology and corruption.
So is many other nations that you left out.
Whether it's identifying a plane part or disarming a train shooter, France is a little slow.
Putin has the plane in a hangar. His KGB cronies planted the flaperon on Reunion Island. NOW everyone will think it's in the Indian Ocean.
Right. They have to fly across China to get to Russia. That works.
And this tells us what? That the plane crashed in the ocean? So they probably just spent millions to find and study this wing to know exactly as much as they did before.
It either fell from the sky or drifted in the water.
matthew - they did not spend anything to find the flaperon. It washed up on an island shore.
Uh, governments all operate on FIXED costs. Government vehicles, employees, planes, ships... ALL cost money whether they are sitting still or moving. The ONLY variable cost is fuel. :) You seriously don't understand how operational costs really work, do you?
We didn't "know" for certain the plane crashed in the ocean until they found some proof, which now they have.
This puts to rest all those MORONIC theories!
Except that none of the relatives were willing to accept that as the fate of the plane and their love ones. They will probably still find reasons to deny the truth.
matthew: this crash will result in litigation, therefore, every detail, significant, or insignificant to the general public is of crucial importance to litigating attorneys, the airline, and the aircraft operators, hence, piles of documentation have to be established before any public announcement can be made because once information is in the public domain, it cannot be retracted. Robert
Obama and Hillary are soon to be jailed.
Man you are gullible. Who told you that boy?
Great news, but not relevant to THIS story. Blinky.
...and Binky is what kind of name? LOL
Phil up you crack with what? Philly? Prevent!
Ouch! you got me with that one.
Whatever! You can't feel anything with that gape.
This confirms that the plane almost certainly crashed or was purposely ditched into the ocean. This should also put to rest that the plane was stolen to use later by terrorists for nefarious purposes.
I say "terrorists/bad guys" were trying to take the plane (for reasons who knows) and eventually the plane crashed into the ocean. SO, it's a combo of things. What we do know is the plane most likely can't be flown anymore missing that part.
Do black boxes have gps beacons? If so, they should at least amplify its signal, they have watches that can be detected so many hundreds of feet below water.
The Indian Ocean is 26,000 feet deep. And underwater GPS "Navimate" type watches receive signals from a floating radio antenna buoy connected to the dive boat, not a GPS satellite.
I'm seriously happy that France is able to confirm what the rest of us already knew Two Days after it was found.
No way they just want to call off the search and i think the actual plane went down in Russia.It was the same type of plane from the same country. And yes i am a foil head you CIA operaratives.
Oh, it had the same serial number and it took the French investigators 1 1/2 months to say the part is from the downed plane.
Boeing didn't throw any flaperons with the same serial number into ocean so how did the French determine that the part was from that plane when the whole world new it a month ago?
I think the metal plate with that information was missing from this piece.
Actually FROGS are not swiftest when it comes to anything. Boeing knew exactly what plane it came from a month ago.
The plan by the Indonesian government now is to crash another 777 plane to find out how this part came off the wing.
IF they found numbers on the wing that confirms it, why did it take over a month to confirm when the numbers are supposedly visible?
Considering the fact that at first they said it could be a piece from the Malaysian flight and then did tests on it and said that it was impossible for it to be from the Malaysian flight and now they say that it is from the Malaysian flight, tells me that they simply do not know and are trying just bring closure for some folks.
So what do the conspiracy theorists have to say about his now?
flaperon dropped by aliens to elude capture of mothership
Not that I agree, but they will say if someone diverted the plane to land it would be a smart move to soak a piece in water for a year and then deposit it thousands of miles away.
Just look at the idiot Ron just below your comment. So you aren't going to be disappointed anyway.
Lloyd - they'll just say it was planted.
conspiracy theorists would probably say the plane was "inexplicably diverted" to diego garcia where persons of interest were removed and the rest disposed of. then a wing part was tossed into the ocean and the ocean currents from the area of the indian ocean were the military base is located carried the part to the location of discover. sounds so unbelievable. almost as crazy as a plane disintegrating upon impact in shanksville pa and all passengers and luggage vaporizing with it.
Wow took them over a month to confirm that. No wonder this investigation is going nowhere with this kind of incompetence.
welcome to the world of international diplomacy
Just because it couldn't be from very many (hardly any) other sources, that does not make it part of MH370. Drawing conclusions based on guesses rather than evidence is pseudo science, best left up to politicians.
I know little about aviation. But if given the piece of wing that was found and a new wing from a parts supply I could probably tell if it came from the same plane within a few hours or so. Why is it taking large groups of experts so long to figure stuff out?
That's a good question John, one that I would ask myself.
John...International Politics...France has to get information from Malaysia...all this stuff takes time...its not as simple as just finding the numbers...I'm sure that was quite easy...confirming where those numbers belong is the issue.
Come on, how many 777's have lost a flaperon ever??? There have been 4-5 777's ever lost. Not too hard to realize that this part was from that plane.
Just checked, a total of 5 777's have crashed and they know where 4 of them are.
I think it's not, I also think that the pressure from the families for closure is another reason they are saying this. I also believe that if the currents supposedly circle and pass near reunion island there has to be other debris that floated along with the wing. Anybody with common sense would know this.....just saying
A company called Geo resonances said it found a plane laying on the ocean floor in the Indian Ocean.
FROM CBS APRIL 2014: The Malaysian government confirmed Tuesday that officials investigating the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 were looking into an Australian company's claim to have located aircraft wreckage on the sea floor in the northern Bay of Bengal -- thousands of miles from the search area scanned meticulously for weeks to the south. Australian land and sea survey company GeoResonance said in a statement sent Tuesday to CBS News that it had discovered materials "believed to be the wreckage of a commercial airliner" about 100 miles south of Bangladesh in the Bay of Bengal using proprietary technology which scans vast areas for specific metals or minerals. HOW/WHY WAS THIS IGNORED??? Time to take a closer look.
What was the plane laying on the ocean floor?
I know that I'm new to this conversation, but I don't think it went down in any ocean last year!!!! I think it was hijacked from the beginning probably by one of those Middle Eastern MUSLIM Nations. I don't know what their agenda is but I'm sure they have one, they always do. A plane doesn't just disappear without a trace with NO debris for over a year and a half and then ALL of a sudden a small piece of wing just pops us on a remote island in the Indian Ocean. The rest of the plane is somewhere, probably 90-95% of it still intact and most of the people are probably still alive. Whoever did this is just waiting for the right time to make some ridiculous demand, or they will start executing the hostages one by one until their outlandish demands are met!!
It probably wasn't ignored. Governments don't usually choose to waste millions of dollars sending their navies all over the ocean if indeed it's completely pointless.
According to the article the officials chose to ignore it since it didn't fall into their predetermined search area.
Uh Paul, how about doing a little research before shooting off your mouth with a silly conspiracy theory? Check out patterns of the current vortex in the southern hemisphere, in the Indian Ocean. Reunion Island is in the crosshairs of the current as it flows in a big circle around the whole Indian Ocean, and it happens that if you trace the current backward, from left (Reunion Is.) back to right, in the arc of the current, voila, you end up pretty much where the search took place, off the western coast of Australia. And there is the factor of time. The speed of the current is a known and measured thing, so if you go back to the day of the crash, and then trace along the path of the current vortex, as it courses along a big arc, calculating the speed of the current, and to the approximate time the flaperon part washed up, or at least, was discovered, then the general area of where it came from can be figured. But Paul, that would shoot your conspiracy theory, if you actually used your brain, and understood how scientific data is used to calculate such things. That might be painful for you, though, since conspiracy theorists just love to cling to their belief that everything happens, every disaster happens, not because of some failure human or mechanical, or just a crazy set of coincidences, or a set of complex factors that all merge, but that it happens because of some dark and malevolent government or evil and satanic aliens, etc. It certainly is theatrical, and exciting to think this way, and if you are a movie director, or given to paranoid hallucinations, the creativity of this approach is built into you. But for the logical and scientifically minded people of the world, facts are what are exciting to us.
Oh and Paul, you could test out the veracity of the assertion that the plane crashed over a year ago, where the experts, the oceanographers, think it did, based on the currents of the ocean, if you want to. You just need to toss a bottle into the water off the coast of Australia, and watch it float, for about a year. Good luck with that, the research has already been done, and the currents have already been mapped. But then, you think scientists all are conspiring to cover up the truth, that the earth is flat, don't you?
Paul, have you ever heard of Amelia Earhart? She went down about eighty years ago, and NO trace was found for decades.
The reason no other pieces of debris were found is because the wing part was planted there to appease the victims' families.
They knew this three months ago why is the media republishing nonsense? They are dead, the plane is gone this is non-news. We grieve for what was lost and those left behind, stop generating pain for your own selfish gain, let some heal and carryon will ya? The media is the enemy.
Reunion Island wing for dummies The only page worldwide that explained in advance the last act: no confirmation that wing is from the missing Boeing for more than one month. The page, published hours after the wing "discovery", also explained what the "inspection" will reveal. Both reduced to ONE line: Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 Unbelievable but true: worldwide NOBODY echoed the FULL story "two Malaysia Boeing 777", all staged with actors: - MH370 will resurface at Jerusalem's Temmple Mount, together woth Obama Bin Laden, exact remake of 9/11 with 4 fake airliners reduced to one fake ariliner, followed by Obama's full detonation as suicide bomber, launched with his staged arrest - exposed by Last Prophet 12 March 2014. - MH17 shot down in Ukraine, part of the arsenal of nazi agent playing "suicide bomber Putin", destroying Russia and Novorussia from within, before his full detonation, "fleeing"to Beijing. end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
I don't know which is more unnerving, the idea that you might be serious or the possibility that some lunatic will believe you.
It's worse that that, AJ... now TWO people agree with Mutt.
That is the French for you. To take something simple and obvious, that need verification, then to make it sound complicated, in order to inflate their idea of self importance, and make it sound not only complicated but mysterious as well with some more drama added to flavor this stew. I mean it was all quite simple really, match the various part numbers (SN's) to those used in the construction of that Boeing 777. If they match, and they should as that plane is the ONLY 777 not accounted for, then that part came from that plane and was in the Indian Ocean. Please note I only said that part was in the ocean, it might have fallen off the plane. So we still do not know where that plane is. Yes I agree it seems quite likely to be at the bottom of the Indian Ocean, but it still could be somewhere else.
Have the recorder boxes eject, out the back cone section of the tail section, like air bags activate at certain impact levels, float and send off a beacon sat transmission, that would make almost instant location possible, pocket change to make this happen.
And ANOTHER minimum wage burger flipper spews forth an opinion based on his experience with MS FS95.
@Ray - You honestly think it's just that simple?
My guess is that the serial number that wasn't there suddenly appeared.
Is that your logical thought on the matter really?
Must be sad to have one thought a month and have it be so stupid.
@pb;3 weeks ago it was said not to have a serial number and positive id would not be possible without it...now they're positive it was from 370.want some koolaide?
If MH370 plummeted from 30,000 feet from the air and was decimated on impact and not one (NOT ONE) of over 300 floating airline seats or parts of floating life saving floating seats in water didn't surface to the top of the ocean and stayed intact on impact? There looking for a scapegoat. This wing found is a load of #$%$. Floating seat devices never have not floated to the top before. That really doesn't make me feel safe about using an airline seat as a floating device because they don't float. It's a joke. That plane is not in the ocean. I don't know where it is, but its not the ocean and that wing isn't from MH370 I don't care what they say.
So how do you know it "plummeted" 30,000 feet?
a lot of material on a plane can float, no matter how fast it hit the ocean. Everything wont sink, unless the entire craft was somehow submerged without any damage.
If it was a cover up,, they would have just tosses a few seat cushions in the ocean. Why would they fabricate a heavy metal wing that would likely sink and not be found?
Explanation is simple. Plane "crash" landed lightly, only causing damage to the bottom and wings. When the engines hit, they were ripped off, causing the flaperons structural integrity to be compromised. If it did sink with the plane, it could have torn off at any time. No known debris field since the plane filled with water and sank in one piece.
So every wing on every plane is designated its own specific, individual serial number? Unless this is true, they don't have conclusive evidence. After the amount of lying that's been done about this crash, I don't know if I'll ever fully believe anything they say.
To answer your question, yes. Every major part of a passenger jet airliner is stamped in several places with serial, model, & part numbers. This jet, a Boeing 777 is unique because there are only 130 or so that have been made. The only 777 missing was this one.
This is the biggest waste of time and money ever in the world....2 outcomes - mechanical error or pilot error - either way it is not endemic with the 777 so the millions of dollars and thousands of hours wasted by so many could have been spent bettering our world for those that are living - spending money on dead people is so ludicrous I think even religious fanatics would agree it is a waste
"....2 outcomes - mechanical error or pilot error"--um.....wrong and wrong; A pilot cant 'accidently' turn off the ACARS system, its far more complex than turning off the transponder. That's like saying I could accidently disassemble an XBOX with a butter knife while trying to put a DVD in it....an being successful, SO the pilots did that by mistake? And what? They tripped on the transponder switch? AND then got lost and needed 3 coarse changes? All while forgetting how to use their radio? (I want some of whatever THEY were on!) As for mechanical error? WHAT error would knock out 3 separate systems that are unrelated that have backups...at the SAME TIME...and still permit the plane to fly safely for 8 hours? This was a very deliberate act.
God crashed this plane as punishment to mankind for the jailing of Kim Davis, a year later, for denying the issuance of marriage licenses for same-sex couples. You might say this is ridiculous, but God sees and knows all, both now and in the future, and God works in mysterious ways, so your argument is invalid.
God died 2,000 years ago trying to light his farts!
Republicans must not be drawn to this story. I have yet to see one person blame Obama.
No shirt. Two months to figure that out. Boy, are those French investigators smart or what???
It don't help to have a big fat label MH370 on it either.
why do you all assume the time table is somehow related to French incompetence? The lengthy process is entirely due to international politics...wing part found...France has to contact Malaysia...Malaysia has to investigate and reply...they then compare the numbers and get the full confirmation...whats so hard to understand?
"whats so hard to understand?" ...2 months to do that is all I'm questioning...
2 months isn't really that long in the grand scheme of things...I've been in auto accidents which required more than 2 months on behalf of the insurance company....it might seem absurd to us, but that is because we don't fully comprehend exactly what is going on in the background....They needed to be absolutely certain with this before making statements....sure its easy to say, "but its the only missing 777." and that it would seem like an obvious conclusion to us all, but we're not the ones who have to tell 239 families their loved ones have been forever lost at sea.
In a side story it has been confirmed 2 passengers aboard the missing plane had complete and unaltered copies of Hillary"s and the IRS emails. They were to deliver them to a press conference upon landing.. Hmmmmmmm
In other news...your sense of humor, was found in a toilet in queens
thanks kalzoned out it was right there next to you
What they found is probably the biggest piece left of MH370. This mystery will never be solved...
Are you a fortune teller?? idiot.
@jamaal: Fortune teller? Idiot? Lol! Really? Think about it... lol! :)
Jeffrina don't be silly, of course they will find it.
Basically, until they find the rest of the plane (and they may never find it) we have NO CLUE as to why the plane vanished. You can't count out any option - heck even the space alien ones!!
I can say with a high degree of confidence that the pilot was behind the plane's disappearance.
I checked with my space alien buds; they swear it wasn't them...
I would say space aliens are a 1/100,000,000 long shot and the pilot(s) is about 5/2 in the odds. The $64 question is, why did he/they do it? Was it suicide, terrorism, kidnapping? We can't rule out that the plane didn't land, someone/group took the passengers (I heard there were some high level tech type people on board) Take back off and then crash the plane??? The mystery deepens.
I'm guessing the sonar of the Nazi gold train is actually MH370. Time will tell but remember where you heard it first.
Ok and the WWII planes that have been under water in the pacific that still haven't floated up to the surface yet hmmm? But yet, this Flaperon covered in barnacles was on the bottom, came up and came so far inland?
?? Reunion is an island, it washed up on the beach.
You can be sure that the flaperon never got near the bottom. Any air cavities would have been crushed long before it got to the bottom where it would have stayed. Also, down there it would not have picked up any barnacles. Also Reunion is a volcanic island rising all but vertically some 3Km from the ocean bed. Nothing get washed up from those depths as you rightly say.
you know a ww2 planes might not be the same than a civil modern plane ?
Yeah i know, its a modern day airliner with sophisticated avionics and nav tracking ACARS etc but wow...flaperon is all the could be shown??
WWII aircraft were not designed with sealed wing sections, Goober. Modern aircraft ARE, it's the ONLY way to prevent corrosion from the inner wing components.
Boeing matched the serial numbers on day one, gen pop just doesn't have access to info like that. Funny how it took the French a month to match the serials number to MH370 though.
The French, ha? Are those the same French who won WWI and WWII and won the Vietnam War? Those same geniuses who came up with whip cream? the same French who said obama would be the greatest president since Charles De Gaulle? The same French who said the piece found was from the MH370 was a test flight to the Bahamas? Okay, now we can also rest and sleep. The french have spoken! That ends any further speculation.
One thing for sure is that eventually they would run out of fuel and need a place to land so I'm thinking the plane was either shot down or the passengers tried to take the plane back and it crashed into the water.
I am thinking you are an idiot.
You think that a 777 cane be flown over a country and not be detected.
I'm thinking that you're really NOT thinking, brian.
Well, at least that should do away with the crazy theories that the plane actually landed---now it's a fact that it is indeed on the bottom of the ocean somewhere.
The wing part was found ON the island. Maybe what's left of the plane is on the Island somewhere as well and not at the bottom of the ocean.
From another poster here. "There is so much doubt and controversy behind the disappearance of MH370 it's become difficult to believe what is true or not.. It would still be useful to check the status and integrity of the ex MAL 777 9M-MRI N105GT which is a sister airframe to MH370 and which was last seen sitting in a discreet bay at TLV airport in Israel. It was sold to GA Telesis company ostensibly for parts and contracted to IAI in October 2013. It didn't crash or classed as a lost airframe and could equally be a source of parts identical to that of MH370.. Check the details on planespotters.net. There is far more to this story than the Investigators and concerned parties would have the rest know.. We can but hope the truth will come out.. "
It took a month to figure that out?? Its like this is the only Airbus to crash in the Indian Ocean. Viva Le France!
It wasn't until 1969 that most scientists bought into plate tectonics. Why? Because it flew in the face of logic. That's why science isn't a game show, and that's why you aren't a scientist.
Viva le Kirk! the racist moron
Thank god they spent a month and hundreds of thousands in test cost to determine that that 777 part came from the only 777 to crash in that area ever.
What else would it be from? I mean, how many 777s are unaccounted for out there?
Wow, the French are damn geniuses. No other Boeing 777 was ever lost at sea. What idiots.
Notice that it took the whole month of August, probably because all the French investigators were on vacation and just got back on Monday.
That sounds pretty sweet to me.
It's amazing that as long as they have searched, they failed to check the shoreline of the area islands where things would wash up? It's actually people just randomly finding them? Wow.
I've also read that the search area is incorrect and that the barnacles found growing on the wing are not found in the are currently being searched. The search area needs to be moved to the north according to what I've read.
This was obviously a piece of the Roswell UFO and was left there by Elvis to cover up details of the JFK assassination and how it ties to the faking of the moon landing.
All that work foiled by a crustacean.
The search doesn't necessarily be moved from the current area. Barnacles don't just hop on the instant something hits the water. Those barnacles built up gradually along the path the part took through a very large ocean.
Oh barnacles. Perhaps the flaperon drifted through Bikini Bottom on its way to the island.
No, David, I don't. And Raymond, the scientists are saying that the barnacles do not grow in the location they're currently searching. You're right, they built up gradually, in another location other than where they're searching.
@ Ob-La-Di--And obviously everyone who thumbs-downed you was AWOL when God passed out senses of humor!
Greg - one day into it and the conspiracy nuts are out.
Garret, do the barnacles grow in an area that the flaperon drifted through? Could they have attached themselves while it was drifting through that area? When the plane broke apart, I'm sure barnacles did not immediately attach to the piece. It would take several days, even weeks, for the barnacles to gain a successful attachment to the piece. Even ships do not get barnacles immediately. The flaperon may have been hundreds, even thousands of miles away from where it went down before those barnacles attached themselves.
Where did you get your degree in barnacle physiology - or are you just making sht up?
You've got to admire the Russians. a. They shoot down a civilian airliner, deny they did it, and say prove it. b. They back Assad, which leads to over 100k civilians killed, and in the wake of illegal immigrants hitting Europe, charity organizations like Amnesty Inlt and Human Rights Watch blame European countries and the US for not taking their UN-designated quota of 70k refugees each. Yet no condemnation by these saintly organizations against Russia. Wusses.
Don't believe propaganda preached, no bodies, no other wreckage, too smooth and easy. NOBODY WILL EVER KNOW because the repercussions would be shattering among the world powers.
and exactly what are those 'repercussions'? you freaking sad lunatic.
Americans saying French is lying. They are world war 2 planes. Don't worry folks. America wants to be first country to discover MH370 before the world does. illuminati conspiracy.
Huh? I'm sure the crash was some big consppriacy or false flag right? In your deranged world -- does bad krap ever just happen?
THEY'LL find the plane probably in a 1000 years when the regular Joe can go to any depths in the sea just for fun.
Originally, tests showed that the numbers did NOT match flight 370. In fact, tags that should have been bolted to every part of the flaperon were curiously missing. So how did they find numbers all these months later, and how did they go from not matching 370 to matching 370?
yep. its amazing how they just switched the whole story around
Tags AREN'T "bolted to every part of the flaperon", moron. There's actually only a single identification reference plate to a complete flaperon.
It's ridiculous that it took them a month to figure this out. Every part of every plane is coded. They match the codes with the maintenance logs of the airplane, and with the manufacturer. It should take a few days at most.
Its called traceability and as Kerry has noted, should have been fairly easy to determine if working jointly with Boeing. It can all be back tracked by the serial # or ID of the aircraft.
Amazing how many unbelievably smart people commented and put in their 2 cents worth regarding this matter. To bad they could not get time off from their job at the fast food restaurants that they work at so they could have solved the mystery earlier.....always amazes me how humans that live in mobile homes or in Grandmas basement have all the answers.
Well you seem to be pretty smart, why don't you tell us where the rest of the plane is !
Well they seem to have a starting point to draw a circle on a map.
I don't think some one is placing a bogus wing section there a year after it's disapearance.
There is only one Boeing 777 on this earth whose location is unaccounted for and that one (MH370) is presumed to have crashed in the Indian Ocean so this is hardly breaking news...
again that's some bojangles #$%$ story they want us to believe i said long ago they would get a "similar" part rough it up, throw it in the ocean of a coast and let human intervention do it's thing so today we would say oh yeah that was from the plane. I'm not buying..my money goes back in my pockets. LIES are not for sale because The truth COSTS more. I know what happen..and you dont wanna know!!
What a bunch of fools you are. So used to speculation passed off as fact from your "news" sources that you can not even appreciate when time is taken to confirm things without a doubt.
Until they find the rest/more pieces of the plane i think this is a hoax. They’re just saying that this piece of the wing is from MH370 to try and put these conspiracy theories to rest and give the families some closure. Surely other pieces of this plane would be floating around (ie. flotation devices, seat cushions, luggage etc...)
No mention of evidence that the plane was shot down, so that theory seems a bit thin, but it begs the question of whether the pilot deployed flaps to slow the plane in an attempt to survive impact, and if he was successful, where might he be?
Never get on an aircraft that is piloted by a Muslim.
Well surely with drift pattern studies, some sort of math applied they are able to narrow down the spot of impact to say at least some portion of a particular ocean or sea right???? This is maddening. Its 2015, we've sent people to the moon and back 45 years ago but we can't find this plane yet!!!
Believe it or not, sending people to the moon is a lot easier than finding this plane.
Reunion Island wing for dummies The only page worldwide that explained in advance the last act: no confirmation that wing is from the missing Boeing. The page, published hours after the wing "discovery", also explained what the "inspection" will reveal. Both reduced to ONE line: Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 Unbelievable but true: worldwide NOBODY echoed the FULL story "two Malaysia Boeing 777", all staged with actors: - MH370 will resurface at Jerusalem's Temmple Mount, together woth Obama Bin Laden, exact remake of 9/11 with 4 fake airliners reduced to one fake ariliner, followed by Obama's full detonation as suicide bomber, launched with his staged arrest - exposed by Last Prophet 12 March 2014. - MH17 shot down in Ukraine, part of the arsenal of nazi agent playing "suicide bomber Putin", destroying Russia and Novorussia from within, before his full detonation, "fleeing"to Beijing. end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
It's great the French have confirmed the wing part as being from the MH370. If everybody is not in agreement, what's the plan to find the plane? It really irritates me when "EVERYONE" has to have their say before anything happens. Is "EVERYONE" trying to claim they are the only authority that matters" Politics at it's worse.
Maybe the barnacle growth will provide some insight into its location.
Yes it does, the Pacific Ocean.
The barnacles were the ones that brought the plane down in the first place.
Aliens used a 3D printer to manufacturer the part to trick everyone to think it is actually from the alien abducted flight.
MH370 has a twin! (probably acquired by the CIA)
The piece looks like it was cobbled together by a Chinese farmer, utilizing plywood and resin doped matting for his outhouse facility; final integration in US Kansas by American artisans. Impressive space age example of a 6 sigma quality coupled engineering prowess that is certainly biodegradable to boot.
Paul - You must be in the group that thinks either aliens or ISIS took it.
The plane could have landed somewhere ( Diego Garcia ) and the flap removed and tossed into the ocean. I'm sure many Governments have orchestrated tidy conclusions like this, in the past. When a bunch of wreckage is found, then we will know what actually happened.
So just what would they do with the passengers? New reality show?
you find a flaperon...i am not a conspiracy theorist, but i need more than a flaperon to be convince...i still call muslim shenanigans.
The flaperon was planted on the island by the U.S. State Department as a means to cover up Hillary's involvement in Benghazi.
The scary things is that some conspiracy-theory nuts will actually believe this!
I thought this was already decided. France is way behind in so many ways
Democrats must not be drawn to this story. I have yet to see on person blame GWB.
They are LYING. The investigation officials are stating that there is NO identifying serial numbers on that part.
Which officials? Where did you read that?
French prosecutors confirmed it? So they were able to convince the judge that the wing was from MH370 just like many prosecutors here in the USA that put innocent people in jail?
Reunion Island, hmm, how far is Diego Garcia from there?
I don't know.... I guess you would have to give Diego a call and ask him how far he is from Reunion island.
What with aircraft losing their wings an every day occurrence... Shocking, no? What a RELIEF in confirmation!
I say that the searchers did not look properly.
America will be the first country to discover MH370 crash site before Anti-semtism country.
More senseless Islamic death and destruction. World better wake up and realize Islam is a scourge that must be removed from the earth or we will all be converted or dead.
Islam is not a religion, it is a political movement .
Christianity has killed more than Islam ever will. I am a Christian saying that....
Wrong fxck. Islam is a religion, centered on the Qur’an, and a member is called a Muslim. Of course, since you go by the name fxck, no one should pay any attention to you anyway.
Bob, I never said Islam isn't a religion. Pay attention.
I want to see some examples you have of Christianity killing more than Islam has especially in the last 50 years which I think is very valid considering that is within most people's life span to actually be directly impacted by all of this so called Christians murdering everyone. Even Midevil times Islam murdered plenty.
Conspiracy theorists furiously reformulate earlier theories to fit this latest narrative.
Sounds like an Onion headline. Kudos to you!
Considering that they haven't found the plane yet, no options are off the table. Heck, for all you know, it could have been space aliens that brought down the plane.
most likely correct, however, there are only 10 number symbols: 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9. So these could be random numbers from and representing any thing. Still not conclusive. Also, the relative position of the satellite is still a question for a few miles in location at 20 miles up can produce thousands of miles on the Ocean Surface. Plus the earth is round. They have done this. at least lets hope so. that a arc based on fuel consumption per mile be drawn from the last reported location by the military. Take out the satellite calculations and calculate on range.
Read it twice and still have no clue. Get to the point, Bill.
Im not really sure what you are talking about with the numbers, every single piece of that plane, or any plane for that matter especially commercial is numbered and documented all the way back to the raw chunk of material it was made out of being certified. You can take those numbers, back track them and figure out where the material originated, what company made it and all the steps in between.
You are confusing numbers and numerals. There are 10 numerals...but there are infinite numbers. If the numbers on the wing were very specific code numbers (example: 971373759437264.22) then that would be rather conclusive. Funny story: when I got my first ATM card in the 1980s, the person at the bank told me to write one number in each of the 4 boxes and that would be my PIN. I filled out the paper and she said "you put two numbers in the first box." I replied, "no, I put one number in the first box...it is the number twelve." ;^)
Common sense dictates that there is no "most likely" about this. This part came from MH370. Unless you believe this could have been a hoax, how many airplanes large enough to produce THAT piece of debris have crashed near enough to Reunion for debris to wash up on that island?
deadhead - I like the way you think. Most people are not very precise when they try to communicate... leads to lots of confusion... It reminds me of the saying: You can never put too much water in a nuclear reactor! Is too much water a problem or not?
The flaperon is looking in suspicious good condition, assuming that it traveled in the salt ocean condition for more than a year.
High-grade aluminum does not degrade in salt water.
Is the aluminum of wings painted?
Wow, thanks France. You have an amazing ability to notify the world of something that everyone else knew on the day it was found.
Do you understand the difference between believing something and knowing it with certainty?
I AM NOT CONVINCED! Rather I'm more skeptical than ever. 239 passengers and not a single body washed ashore. 239 passengers and not a single luggage debris. And 'pops up the wisel' of an airplane "flaperon wing?" Tell me if that doesn't make one ponder deeply and raise more suspicions. I strongly believe that the plane did not crash and the the passengers are still alive. God bless them all.
It's been more than a year. There is nothing left of the body to wash up on shore. 1500 went down with Titanic, they didn't "wash up" either. Luggage was recovered.
Everyone on that plane is fish food by now... nothing in nature goes to waste...
I AM CONVINCED! I strongly believe that someone's been feeding lead paint chips to Sassafras again.
Wow ! Keen eye for the obvious.
What does France have to do with anything? It's a Malaysian airline and a US made aircraft. Why not just send the part to Boeing for analysis?
Then at the end of July, a man on Reunion island -- a French overseas territory -- found the two-metre-long (almost seven-foot) wing part, which was flown to France for tests by aviation experts.
Becase then Boeing would have to lie, instead of the Frech government puppets. If uit were real, "investigators" would be giving the statement, not "prosecutors". Lawyers suck, and lie for a living.
Because the piece belongs to France until the real owner is identified.
It belongs to the international investigation, as "suspected" evidence, not France.
Its not like there is not a lot of attention being paid to hillary and her troubles so lets try and change the subject with this here wing we found ( ha ha we knew where it was a loooooooooooooooong time ago ) to try and take some heat off her crashing poll numbers.
I thought it was taking the heat of the fact that they haven't found anything incriminating in the emails yet. I guess we are both bias.
Ill take the 5th. Robert 8)
Wow. These French prosecutors are a little behind the power curve. People with a brain already deduced the part had to have come from MH370.
The reason the passengers didn't shower before the trip was because they knew they could wash up on shore later.
Sick Ruby.........but damn it...you made me laugh. Now stop it !
That's wrong on SOOOO many levels! And now I'm gong to heII because I laughed! And it's all YOUR fault, Ruby!
I still believe the Fox News report that this was a hijacking of some sort. The flaperon was obviously planted by the people who hijacked the plane so that we would stop searching for the survivors!
There were muscles growing on this thing and who would think it wouldn't sink. Why wouldn't they just toss a few seat cushions and some of the victims clothing in the ocean.
That's ridiculous. This renews the searches that were all but called off because now they can use knowledge of ocean currents to better determine where the aircraft is at in the ocean. This does nothing to stop the searches; in fact, it does the opposite.
If anyone wanted them to stop searching for this aircraft, they would have just left it alone rather than provide new motivation for searchers to keep searching for it. If you want people to stop searching for it, you want them to think they can't find it, and not finding it, or anything associated with it, is the best way to make people think they can't find it and then stop searching for it until new clues arise, and when new clues arise, they start searching for it again.
Also, it would be far easier, had you needed an aircraft for a terrorist plot, to simply buy some used jet somewhere, rather than attract world-wide attention by hijacking a plane.
Amazing. Sheeple... It takes 6 guys to carry it from an area where the tide doesn't even reach...and nobody asks how it got to the inland spot and why the crustaceans? They just needed to get your attention down there to keep you all from searching elsewhere. Suckers!
It was found washed up on the beach, dumb a z z. Wal-Mart has tinfoil on sale, better stock up.......................
This story is a lie from start to finish. MH370 landed safely in Diego Garcia and is slated to be used in a future false flag event in combination with the missing American nukes. It's all orchestrated to maneuver Americans into accepting martial law and loss of private gun ownership.
This is a new one. I had heard that the plane was shot down by the USN as it approached Diego Garcia after flying low over the Maldives.
Complete rubbish and a total lie. Flight MH370 landed safely in Diego Garcia and will be used in a future false flag operation to maneuver Americans into accepting martial law and giving up gun ownership.
Here's proof to show you how stupid you actually are..Why wouldn't we just take one of our own jets & repaint it to match the Malaysian one instead of going through all of this trouble? But here's a actual fact...You don't live anywhere near the United States.
Wait a minute, where are the details and finiding that led to this conclusion? How long has the debris been in the water, it should at least indicate when the plane crashed if it did. However, there are no other debris found indicating the part simply fell off from the plane as it continued to fly towards an unknown destination.
Theyve previously released all that information. Due to the barnacles grown on the piece, it has been in the water for a long time...over a year. There is also some evidence that it impacted the water at a high speed. They believe it drifted for a thousand miles or more, so they expect more debris to begin washing up.
Are they sure this time? It was getting to the point I thought they would fabricate a piece of the plane just to cover up all of the oooops.
Repeated news. No need to be repeated. Just find the plane already.
Spoiler alert...it's at the bottom of the ocean!
Why dont you get your snorkel and swim fins out Dave? Since you think its so easy to find a plane in the ocean. Idiot.
The plane itself will likely never be found; it's too deep. But pieces will continue to wash up here and there around the perimeter of the Indian Ocean. At least we now have confirmation it crashed in the sea, as most suspected. It was not hijacked to some Islamist nation for use as a bomb or whatever - I tend to believe the theory that they suffered a catastrophic pressure failure and the pilots aimed for the nearest landing strip before their O2 ran out... and the plane continued on out west until it ran out of fuel and crashed into the sea. But we'll probably never know for sure.
Here is something to think about -- Just because the plane is at the bottom of the ocean somewhere does not mean that it did not land somewhere beforehand.. and after the perpetrators of the crime had finished their business, the plane then took off again with the purpose of concealing the evidence of the crime by making sure that the plane sinks to the bottom of the ocean intact so as not to leave a debris field. You have to admit that this would also explain why the flaperon is virtually undamaged.
It's not in the bottom of the ocean, it was crashed in Ukraine.
Ridiculous. This was a suicide mission.
what crime, ransom, life insurance clams, please explain the crime
People like you, make me happy about me being the person who I am, on days, when I am not all that happy about who I am. Thanks Buddy :)
And your aluminum hat is loose, please adjust accordingly.
There is also one other thing that I forgot to mention i.e. if the plane did land somewhere before taking off again to conceal the evidence of the crime by making sure it sank to the bottom of the ocean intact, then this would also explain why some of he families of the passengers managed to get a ring tone on their phones on the day of the planes disappearance.
@cindy, hijacking an airplane is a major crime.. not to mention the even more serious crime of permanently silencing the witnesses to this hijacking.
@hamba2han, this is what makes you a conspiracy theorist. You dream up a scenario and then attempt to apply known facts to it, rather than let the facts lead, if possible, to a conclusion.
@Danno J, the fact of the matter is that there was no debris field.. meaning in all likelihood that the plane is lying intact on the ocean floor.. and like I have mentioned in a prior post, finding an intact plane the size of a Boeing 777 on the ocean floor is pretty much confirmation of a huge conspiracy to conceal the whereabouts of the plane because it is just not possible for a Boeing 777 to land on the ocean without breaking up..
It was Highjacked just to sink it, please explain the reasoning behind that thought. Crimes are committed for a reason, whts the reason?
@Cindy, I am pretty sure that the plane was hijacked for a reason but I certainly do not know what that reason is. To know the reason for this crime, an investigation is needed.
@hamba2han, "the fact of the matter is that there was no debris field.." Let me fix that for you - "the fact of the matter is that there was no KNOWN debris field.. " ...making everything else you stated irrelevant. It took more than a week for them to discover that they may have been looking in the wrong area. The area they should have been looking in had more than a week to disperse any debris field, including a storm that would have broken it up faster. You have no facts to support a conspiracy. You have no facts to support that there was ever a motive. You state, "To know the reason for this crime, an investigation is needed." True, but then how can you reach a conclusion before that investigation is complete and no reasoning for foul play has yet surfaced? There is no logic in putting a conclusion out there before all the facts are known, if they ever will be.
I'm going to second Dennis's post.
"(t)he families of the passengers managed to get a ring tone on their phones on the day of the planes disappearance." Hey, hambone... a "ringtone" is what YOU hear when someone calls YOU. I think you mean the families got what's called a"ring back tone"... that's what YOU hear to let you know that your call is "reaching out for another phone". But you'll hear that if the number you're calling is turned off, if the phone's been ran over by a kid on a skateboard, flushed down the toilet, or is sitting at the bottom of the ocean. You're NOT actually hearing the other phone ringing, #$%$
Actually Bob, if it is off, the battery is dead, or it is destroyed, or simply has no signal it goes straight to voicemail.
I also remember one of the family members saying that he or she heard someone answering the phone for a few brief seconds before abruptly ending the call. Could it be one of the captives inadvertently answering the phone after they have confiscated all of the passengers' phones when the plane had landed?
Correction: I meant one of the abductors inadvertently answering a phone which they had confiscated from the passengers.
The BS continues. MH370 was hijacked remotely using the BUAP system on board. It was landed at Veer Savarkar airport in Port Blair. It was hijacked by our US government (only one having the codes and equipment necessary to transmit them. India assisted and lied. The flaperon could have been removed and swapped anytime after that, and cultured in sea water to give the desired effect and then planted. This whole incident has been a planned OP from beginning to end. Our government is presently insinuating through media sources and trolls the BUAP systemas never been implemented, but after following this system for over a decade, I assure you its on board all 777s (and most others since 2009 officially....and on some models as early as 1998. Our US government is a lying terrorist POS. They can hijack (MH370), divert (MH17), and/or crash (AirAsia) any aircraft they wish at any time. You're just collateral damage.
you sir are insane right wingnut
Its also safe to say you belong in a country that will value your high creativity and knowledge such as Syria or Iran. Have a safe move and make sure you fly on an MH370 or MH17 aircraft!
Um....and...why this flight then? Did you take your meds this morning?
You lead a sad, sad existence!
Maserati, Maybe you should talk to your doctor about instead of cutting the pill in half you should be taking the full dosage.
Damn it Maserati! Now the facts are out...we're coming for you.
Now, WHY, would the US take it?
I truly do live in the most gullible, uneducated propagandist country in the world. The facts are at your fingertips, but you're either too dumb to know what to look for...or too cowardly to look. LMAO at you morons. Put the dunce caps on and sit in your corners. You can lead morons to knowledge and the truth, but you can't make them think. Also know as: "You can't fix stupid".
Yea and you can't get stupid to answer a simple question. WHY, would the US take it?
Well, if anyone truly knows what a moron is, it Maserati's laughing #$%$ from years of experience.
Right, Maserati, you can't fix stupid, because stupid thinks that any agency would destroy billions of dollars in avionic technology just to... do what? Off a few people they could just as easily smother in their sleep or run off the road? Gain a few dollars off of patents, far fewer than the cost of those planes? Motive, please. Stupid thinks that all those foreign satellites magically missed this invisible flight, the same satellites whose images were called up in the searches. Stupid thinks the flaperon was swapped out and "placed" in seawater for effect. Stupid doesn't understand that A) ALL flaperons for 777's are accounted for and B) the flaperon found on the beach showed signs of being catastrophically ripped off from its mountings in a deployed position. Congratulations, Stupid.
I can't help but reiterate what a few people have asked already, because now I'm curious to know too...Why, Maserati? Don't call me stupid, post some links to prove your BS. At the very least present a motive that doesn't make you look like a complete tin-foil hat wearing lunatic.
Exacerbate your ignorance David and Ken. How in the hell would I know the motive for hijacking it. I'm not part of it. I can expertly tell you how they did it, not why. I truly do live in the land of morons. For speculation only, the 16 Chinese radar chip designers heading for China may have found a way to render fifth generation Stealth technology useless, by such means as atmospheric disturbance for location and general targeting. This would render the West's stealth capability against the Chinese useless, and the trillion dollar F-35 program obsolete before the first squadron was even commissioned. Then again, that whole story may have been planted if they were caught, to claim "National Security". In the financial world, it's well known China has been buying vast amounts of undeclared gold, to justify their position as the next world currency when the US dollar eventually defaults. Did the cargo hold have a couple hundred million in gold in it? I don't know, none of you know. Our government is now using media and switching stories to "infer" the Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot was never implemented. It's a matter of not only public record, but court record as well.... When Boeing was forced to admit they were on board years ago after the patent was awarded in 2006, and a lawsuit by Field McConnell (pilot) forced Boeing to admit the systems were on all new Boeing commercial aircraft in 2006, and retrofits completed by 2009. I personally called the FAA for the retrofit schedule, being told: "What if the Defense Department doesn't want you to know?" They have never called back with the schedule, but again it is a matter of public and court record, and I've tracked the system for well over a decade. So why is our US government lying? Why was no one told about these systems during the media's thousands of hours of experts and analysts during the initial disappearance? Knowing how the system works, it was immediately obvious what happened and the media was pumping the US public full of BS. The first full systems were implemented before 9-11, around 1999. Maybe you clowns should get off the drugs, and do some education in science and technology...Oh yeah, and government media propaganda. Hint: The aircraft never turned left toward the IO, it flew straight on and landed at Veer Savarkar were it was directly headed when the US government claimed the ACARS "pings". It couldn't have turned left, as it was flying waypoints using the flight computer, and can't turn until the waypoint is reached. It was already in India's active radar space at that time the US government "claimed" it "possibly" turned. Save the stupid comments. If you have any disputable facts contradicting what I just stated, have at it. I knew what happened to the aircraft before the first week was over. Everything else since has justified my and other's position. They're just jerking off the public. I'm ashamed the Airline Pilots Association has gotten so low as to go along with this, but they are probably under NSA gag order by National Security letter, as always.
maserati is rite on ,sorry u goofy americans !
THey're not goofy B, just some gullible, and others paid trolls.
The search for MH370 was a coverup to finally clean up all the fake space shuttles NASA has been dumping in the oceans.
Wow. Started drinking early this morning, huh?
May I have some of what you are smoking??
The French take as long to come to obvious conclusions as they did to rise up against the #$%$.
They wanted to be sure. It's not the only plane that's gone missing in the Indian Ocean, after all.
If it had been shipped to the States, they probably wouldn't have reached a conclusion until after Christmas. With all the stupid studies we have to do over here, this would have to take a back seat to the study to find out why water is wet.
You are kind - majority of the French did not rise against #$%$. In fact very few - only members of the Resistance and military that escaped to England.
@ Ovni, actually, it's the only 777 that has gone missing in the entire world and it was confirmed that the flaperon is from a 777 long ago.
no, ovni, it's not the ONLY plane that has gone missing in the indian ocean but it IS the only 777 in the world that is not accounted for...10 minutes after they found the piece they said, "this piece is from a boeing 777 and we know where EVERY 777 is in the world except one!!"...the fact that they're french goes a long way toward explaining the delay...it took a month because they were looking for someone to surrender to...not finding anyone, they confirmed their earlier findings...
Ok, but WHY is water wet?! The world deserves an explanation!
@Curt H: Wetness is our description of what we feel when we put our hand in water. Saying water is wet is like saying that wood is hard or fire is hot. Sensory receptors on our hand send information about the water to our brain. Our brain receives the information from our sensory receptors and processes it. A combination of temperature, pressure and the way water moves tells our brain that water is wet.
There is a difference between knowing something and proving it. It is like seeing a body with a bullet hole to the chest. You all know what killed the person, but you wait until the autopsy is performed to make it official.
Thank GOD it has been confirmed.. we would not want to jump to conclusions, what with the COUNTLESS Boeing 777 missing over the Pacific.
I won't be %100 convinced until I hear it for 24 hours straight on CNN.
Or Hillary asks for another ten billion.
@M. THis will open the door for way more that 24hrs. This is open field again for the 'experts' to have opinions.
Glad it was found, but it still doesn't tell us what happened.
what happened is that a lane crashed in the water and people died. Jeeze you have got to be a democrat. What happened, its ben all over the news for the last year.
I knew someone would respond like this and hatefully explain the obvious. I don't engage with rude people.
@ Cindy ~ your political remark was not necessary - but then again, some people have to throw politics into everything. Avidreader MEANT the article of confirmation still doesn't tell us what happened to the plane - or rather, what conspiracy theorists suggest, or the "know-it-alls" like you TELL us what happened. Avidreader KNOWS all about this plane crash, I am certain. The details however, remain to be figured out - albeit most know it crashed. You should learn to read and discern the meanings in what you read before you post and sound stupid.
@Avidreader ~ well, I am not going to let insulting and wrong people just get away with a nasty post, especially when it's unwarranted.
Exactly, Wicked Red. I've been reading about this story since it happened. Many of us are fascinated by it. Unfortunately, rude commenters are becoming more and more prevalent these days. Seems like they are looking for a fight. I no longer engage with them. Told two people that yesterday and they both told me to f off. Thanks for stepping in and saying something. It's always great to see nice and sane people here. All the best to you!
@Avid ~ well, it's easy to sit behind a computer screen and spew venom. These same people are sad, pathetic cowards and have to constantly make themselves try to feel better with their vitriol. And yes, trolls I usually, try to ignore.... But it's hard. I'm not above jumping to conclusions, but if someone points out my error ~ and there are many, I will most certainly admit my mistakes with a "mea culpa"....I too am fascinated by this, and cannot understand it at all. Every time I read something, I get even more confused. So I can't begin to even offer an intelligent opinion. Other than these people are gone - I'm lost. And again, let the trolls roll - right off your shoulders!
Specifically, the plane impacted the water at a high rate of speed in an uncontrolled manner. And that's EXACTLY how it will be worded in the investigation, Avid. I've sat on 3 aircraft accident investigation boards in the Air Force, and what YOU'RE asking isn't 'what happened', it's WHY it happened.
So true, Wicked Red. People sling hate around the Internet without a second thought it seems. Doubt many of them would say it in person. We all make mistakes here. Oftentimes, I really wish there was a spell check/edit button. My fingers get to typing too fast and errors are easily made. And sure enough, people go on the attack. This story is intriguing. I think a lot of us are confused as there has been a lot of conflicting information reported.
Bob, yes, you're right I should have specifically said "why it happened". Interesting that you sat on accident investigations. I've always been intrigued by plane crashes ever since I was little--so much so that some days I wish I could have become an NTSB investigator. I hate plane crashes with a vengeance and want to know what causes each of them.
@Bob/Avid ~ I actually did kinds figure Avid wanted to know WHAT led up to that aircraft landing in the ocean. I mean, it was always my thought that it landed in the ocean at a slow rate of speed, thus not breaking up and being immediately spotted. That was just my own thoughts. But as to the WHY of it, you are right. THAT is the million dollar question. And I have an odd suspicion, we will never get 5 people to agree with WHY it happened, let alone a concrete conclusion.... @Avid ~ I have an unholy obsession with these plane accidents. It's weird, since I simply cannot comprehend the "mechanics" of any part of aviation. But it boggles my mind to see one crash, whether by plane failure, pilot error, sabotage etc. It's all brutal. And yet? I am so blown away by the brilliance, and yet fallible crashes...
All the things that I (and most people) would want to know about the crash are the Five W's and One H of journalism: who, what, when, where and why and how. Clearly, we haven't gotten all of the answers yet. Thank you, Wicked Red for understanding what I was saying!
@ Avid ~ wasn't at all hard to understand. And I'm not going to hold my breath about those answers..... It will never happen...
Sadly, I doubt they will either. I feel for the families. This has to torture for them.
Well, I suppose we will "see" each other on these message boards time and time again.
What I don't understand is why would the aliens dismantle the flaperon and throw it into the ocean !
In order to take all the passengers to another galaxy in order to obtain information about next year's election.
This is why Obamacare shouldn't be allowed!
For the sake of all future air travel, please repeal Obamacare.
Were any of hillary's emails in the wing?
This piece of wreckage is very consistent with a scenario where the plane bellied down gently into the ocean with full flaps and then sank to the bottom more or less in one piece. Perhaps everybody on board was already dead from decompression and the plane was landed in the water by the autopilot.
Nah, I bet a crazy mooslum pilot crashed the plane on purpose.
There are so many planes missing flaperons that it took a month to verify that this one was from MH370?
Yus they are disposable like Bic Lighters
No others are missing but they sure got paid well to decide this.
Oh, they were pretty much sure right away, but you know there are gonna be lawsuits and such, so it's worth being absolutely 100% certain beyond any shadow of a doubt.
The French worker only checks in for about 10 business hours total in the month of August....
No, it took a day to verify it, but if you have ever done business with continental Europe other than Germany, you know that the whole continent is essentially shut down during August other than things related to the tourism industry.
@jeffreyl If something like this doesn't get a sense of urgency......then you really have to wonder about how business is done in Europe.
Only a month after the rest of us figured it out. Good job, guys!
Of course, what were the chances it came from anywhere else ? hard to miss a flap don't you think ? Anyway had to be proven now we know
yeah -- it didn't just fall out of somebody's back pack. I hope there is only a limitied amount of detached flaps floating around the ocean
Proven? The media all reported last week that they could not identify it because the serial plate was completely missing. They do not explain how the plate re-appeared. Then the idea that only one of the three numbers matches the serial number usually results in a negative ID, not a confirmation. Strange.
Mike -- it's no doubt the illuminati or a false flag ...right? because bad krap never simply happens
It took the French months to determine this when there was only one missing Boeing 777. More proof that the French are idiots......
What? It took this long? The manufacturer should have been able to identify this part in ONE DAY....what gives?
Well, parts on planes are routinely replaced, repaired or otherwise serviced. So, if there were ever repairs performed on the plane, you would need to confirm from the service records what parts were replaced, when and if those replacement parts were ever replaced or repaired. Some of these planes have been in service for decades. The plane in question was placed into service in 2002. Unless it was a new plane that had never had any parts replaced, the manufacturer may not be the best source for the part numbers.
Boy, if it weren't fir all the wine and cheese breaks, they might have figured that out a month ago.
don't they have a 4-day work week over there too?
Mike, that probably depends on how you define a work day.
Was there anyone on this planet that didn't already know it was from MH370?
Yes, actually, there were some morons who lacked the brains to have to wait to be told what to think by the BEA rather than using basic logic, common sense, and intelligence to come to the same conclusion on their own
How could it take a month to figure this out? France might as well put the Pnk Panther on the case.
Inspector Clouseau has sol-ved zee caz. Swine flaperon!
They are on an island with a smoke monster and pushing a button
Can you imagine the idiot thumbed me down? Evidently he never watched the tv series lost.
Meh ... they are probably better off. It was a horrible show LOL
I just want to tell you both, good luck...we're all counting on you...
Joey, Have you ever seen a grown man naked? Surly, you can't be serious.... I am serious and don't call me Shirley!
Obsessed much? Racist much? Yes and yes...
Not Obama,, wow that's a first.
"...nvestigators discovered three numbers on the wing part, and later concluded that one of the figures corresponded to the serial number of an MH370 flaperon" - you needed a month for this?
Would you rather they jump to a conclusion right away and then be wrong?
Since Malaysian Airlines is the owner of the ONLY missing Boeing 777 in the world it would be safe to assume that it is, in fact, from MH370...
and where is the rest of the plane
Sitting on land... under 15,000 feet of water.
but...but...but I thought it was hijacked and landed on some island in the ocean or is in a hanger in the Middle East?????? Morons!
Wing, wing This baffling thing, Oh what confusion does it bring From Malaysia to Beijing--- No one knows but if you'd hear it ziiiiing----! It went boeinnngg, boeinnngg BOEING!
Don't quit your day job, Hail... but you get an "E" for effort.
Now this was some quick, decisive investigative work. Let me guess, hourly employees working at "th' Lab", yes...?
About damn time ! I mean how many Flaperons are just falling into the Indian Ocean ??? D'oh....
Did it really have to take this long to prove this was from the aircraft,as an aircraft engineer,I could have identified the part and given you an answer by return of post,the hold up smells of fish and I dont mean the "flaperon"!!!
remeber the fish' from jimmy hoffa movie ?!
conspiracy it was planted there by obama
On his way to Marthas Vineyard?
Only in France....would it take a month to figure out where a wing came from.
Did you want it right or did you want it fast?
Instead of pingers/batteries that pulse 1 every second and last 30 days, how about pingers that pulse every six seconds and last 6 months.
I knew it was some kind of a piece of something.
REST in PEACE to all the LOST souls!!
I know that we all became fatigued hearing about this missing flight. But to the loved ones I'd to tell you that from the bottom of my heart I am so sorry for your loss. I hope you find peace in your lives.
Every one else knew that the day it was found,
Put scuba gear on a Beagle and let it swim back up the scent stream to the plane.
How can he smell if he is wearing scuba gear?
@Stalin - He swims normally following the scent. The scuba is only used when he has to dive.
Why are black boxes so useless? Seems they hardly ever work or have any purpose. Maybe we should start painting them white.
A few riots should get the left on your side. After all if the president had a box it would look like that one.
oh you went there!! There will probably be riots in the streets tonight over this comment!!
Funny thing is, they are orange... I guess ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK??
Not sure what else it would have been from. They confirmed it was from a 777 a while back. Only one has ever gone down over water. Doesn't leave a whole lot of options...
Boeing confirmed that not to long after they found it!
Now the conspiracy-theory nutbags can put this matter to rest.
That part was floating around for a year. No way to know how far it drifted.
that's quite impressive France it took you more than a months to match a serial number to a plane
Well if France says it is it has to be true.
Well at least we now know there is not another 777 flying around out there with only one wing
Why France? Boeing is in the U.S. Boeing made that part. What do they say? Something doesn't add up.
Reunion is a French island territory.
With the time frame it took to positively identify the wing part we can expect to find the plane in 40-60 years, by the way exactly how many Boeing 777 wing parts other than MH370's are floating around in the Indian ocean, unbelievable !!!!!!!!!!
Perhaps they traced the serial number.
If it quacks like a duck, walks like a duck, smells like a duck.......it is a duck!
"France confirms wing part found on Reunion is from MH370" ----- finally back from holiday are we?
Cue the false flag goofs in 3...2...1...
Just a little bit anti-climactic, you think?
One day they will find it.
Well OF COURSE it is from MH370.
Gee only took a two months. Boeing should have been able to tell you the next day. So where does this leave us? Was it semi submerged or floating in plain sight?
Well it was obvious as no one else reported a missing wing
The part should have been sent to Boeing for ID.
These missing Malaysia flight news stories are all the same after the first two paragraphs..
someone went out of their way to turn of the transponder, because they didn't want to be followed
Yea Mick I agree the pilots or at least one of them had something to do with it. It wasn't a mechanical failure.
Now what word best describes this confirmation....I know,DUH!!!!!!!!!!!
Now will the conspiracy theory rejects kindly shut their worthless simpleton mouths?
Brilliant. it only takes the French a month to figure out what everyone else knew on day 1 part was found. ITS A 777 FLAPERON. ONLY POSSIBILITY MH-370
What evidence did you use to prove the part came from the plane. Do you have a serial number? Do you have anything other than your opinion?
Umm Prosecutors of what? Is that what the French call Aviation Investigators?
I'm glad they have positive proof the flight crashed. Now we know. I thought all this time they have been flying around up there lost.
Well DUH! How many Boeing 777s were missing a flaperon? It's not like these just fall off all the time!
Now it's time to work backwards with the currents and find where the rest of the plane is.
It took a month to match up 3 numbers?
Yeah? And? So what? Considering there was only one missing 777 in the world at the time and this was a known part of a 777, it didn't take a month of testing to confirm something that was obvious from the beginning....
Lol common sense is uncommon in the worlds these people rule!!
They should start by questioning the Kenyan jihadist Barry Osama and his muslim terror buddies. God Bless, and Semper Fi!
french plane and then the part is found on french island just makes you wonder
my bad thought it was an airbus just wandering how the french would know it from a boeing when beoing says you wouldnt be able to tell
I don't recall them saying that. They certainly can tell the design of their flaperon.
I see A ménage à trois in the future...
Not in MY future... I'm not flying on one of those French planes for ANYTHING! Give me BOEING! MERICAN!
I thought it was a Boeing 777 that crashed?
If they had sent the part to Boeing they would have had the answer with in 24 hours.
now, track the ocean currents and find the rest of the plane.
A textbook case of easier said than done. There are all sorts of variables (wind, waves, the particular current in a local location, weight of the object, lack of data for every current in the ocean at all times, etc) which make tracking back to the point of impact almost impossible. Add to that, we do not know exactly when the object washed ashore - it could have been there a few days, which would mess with any calculations.
Just why do the French have prosecutors investigating airplane parts ? Don't they have any aviation experts ?
They work in conjunction with the BEA
Why don't they quit wasting their time and call the psychic hotline !
so the French needs so many weeks to tell us what we knew 18 months ago ? Please stop this circus Boeing knows what happened to that plane so do the French etc
No all we have to do is go back day by day with satellite images to find the path this flaperon drifted...if it was in fact floating..
The pilot killed the co-pilot and took this pane to a part of the ocean where he knew it would disappear .Come on,he had a flight simulator in his home and without doubt had this flight plan charted to the enth degree.im not an airline expert but its time some upper echelon wizards start admitting the dam truth.Why he did it,i don't know.I guess he decided to become a terrorist !!
I would like to hear from other pilots out there and find out how rare it is to study at home on your own simulator. I know these guys had to pass exams regularly.
It's not rare at all. That pilot, with over 18,000 hours air time, regularly posted videos on YouTube. Google home flight simulators or go to an air show where you'll see many. No big deal.
"Investigators believe the aircraft ran out of fuel and crashed somewhere in the southern Indian Ocean"....Ran out of fuel??????...Which investgation team is this??? ...The on led by Islamic sympathizer Che' Obama???....Everyone with half a brain knows this is radical act of terrorism, by a disgruntal suicidal muslim pilot...
WHERE IS THE PLANE AND THE PEOPLE ON IT. FIND THE PLANE!
Plane might be found but not the people.
Uh, Michelle, The people on board this lane perished. It has been a year, you don't think they will find the body's, now, do you really?
The Indian Ocean is a HUGE hole in the earth. Gonna be hard to find the plane since it appears to have broken apart on impact.
Michele, tell them exactly where to look, why don't you. It is a big ocean.
Why? Pretty sure they ran out of food and water by now.
Of course, ON OTHER PLACE. It was not easy to transport the plane, only wing!
Boeing 777 has a wing span of 200 feet . yes TWO HUNDRED FEET This is only a fraction of 10 foot Flaperon .
If the plane did not go down ( Conspiracy theory # 2745) and was diverted for who knows what purposes - how convenient that a part washes up on shore to essentially cement the idea that the plane went down.
The plane, unfortunately, is probably in the deepest part of the Indian Ocean !! Where exactly, is anybodies guess . I think this piece of wreckage can safely put to rest that this plane is somewhere on land !! There is NO way a plane can fly without this flaperon !
Ooooooh. That's what we were supposed to be doing? Thanks. I'll get right on it.
well toss out the extra dimension theory then.
No Sht ??!!!!!! Let's investigate this some more. I'm not sure yet. Maybe someone is making counterfeit Boeing 777's. Are you sure ?
Shouldn't Boeing be the one's saying this Flaperon is from MH370, it's there aircraft..
a Boeing team was dispatched. the agency in charge of the investigation (in this case, the BEA which is the French equivalent of the NTSB) always issues statements, writes the reports, etc.
How many flaperons are their floating around in the ocean?
volumetrically finding this plane in the indian ocean is equivalent to finding a needle in a haystack. if I were looking in a haystack I'd use x'rays.
I'd go to the seamstress supply store and get a new needle.
easy just go get a medal detector . Found in a couple hours
a medal detector?? for like purple hearts.... oh you mean metal... haha Just given you a hard time
Reunion Island is 3400 miles from Kuala Lumpur.
What do Koala bears have to do with it?
What do Koala bears have to do with city in Malaysia?
I hope Mr. Roarke and Tattoo are on the ship searching for the wreckage, that way when it's finally found, Tattoo can point at it and proudly proclaim "Da Plane........DA PLAAAAAANE!!!!!"
That is quite the dated reference.
cause of crash: airflow disruption over wing due to excessive mussel build-up.
If true this is good news.
Maybe not 'good' news', but it does allow the families to begin finding closure. Which is what Jesus means.
Okay, so where is the rest of MH370??? Where are floating seat cushions, floating debris, floating luggage, floating cargo, bodies??? Something ain't right here.
It's a BIG ocean, and there's an estimated 15,000 miles of assorted Indian Ocean shore line the debris could have washed up on. Put a spot where to look, Mucus.
@Bob...There should have been debris washed up all over the place. Every beach and shoreline should have floating seat cushion, luggage, and cargo washed up. Look at past airliner crashes.
I got a tattoo of MH370 but you'll never find it.
If they have not found the plane or more pieces, then they are not looking hard enough or don't know how to look for it. It speaks for itself.
There's an estimated 25,000 miles of shoreline in the Indian Ocean that the currents could have carried debris to. And over 95% of that shoreling is sparsely or totally uninhabited.
Now that we know this part was part of the 777, where is the rest of the plane?
In that tunnel in Poland along with the Nazi gold train.
At the bottom of the Indian Ocean. Its gonna be impossible to find it since it appears to have broken up on impact.
Some parts are floating around, others have sunk. Why don't you go look? It isn't easy.
funny how this just "appeared" on a beach.
Why? Stuff appears on beaches all the time.
But but but how could something just HAPPEN to WASH UP ON A BEACH? I mean, has that EVER happened before? You say it happens all the time, Gil... why haven't I ever heard of it? Huh? I rest my case. (yes, libs and conspiracy dooshbags... I'm being sarcastic. Deal with it.)
This news will please all the Sherlock Holmes in here?
It would have been nice if it was part of a wing from......Air force One.....during one of the many political fund raising trips.
Good morning France ! Malaysia found and confirmed it 5 weeks ago..
It wasn't confirmed until France confirmed it.
"It is possible today to say with certainty..." What a convoluted statement. Just say "...the flaperon discovered on Reunion island on July 29 came from flight MH370..." So much more straight forward.
What other missing 777 could this part have come from?
So now CNN has something to report on for the next month?
It seems to me that if some other 777 was missing this part it would slightly effect it's air worthiness and would surely be NOTICED!!!
Also, it would have to be replaced, and Boeing would have to do an investigation to determine if there was a structural problem with the fleet of 777's that needed to be corrected before any lives were lost, which is their normal procedure
give the flaperon to the victims families
will CNN go back to chasing "pings" in the Indian Ocean for 2 months?....or will they just promote a lie about "hands up, dont shoot" and cause another city in Missouri to burn down?.....CNN, the libbies favorite choice for "faux news"
Just like the French, it takes over a month for them to track down three numbers.
DUH, and it's a surprise to who? Not Boeing!
i thought it was from a piper cub
The only thing Muslims should be able to operate are cam/mels
I'm no rocket scientist but when the claim was made that this piece of debris was part of a ladder I thought BULL SHIRT!!!
It's a good thing you're not a rocket scientist... the piece of ladder was actually a piece of ladder, but NOT part of MH 370.
you #$%$ Bob, they claimed early on the this piece was part of a ladder.
your own conclusion better to be sure dont say something u not sure off
seems like a tv show spinoff, .. they should call it "lost" and have people living on the island and have all kinds of action and drama.
the island natives trashed the rest of debris as scrap metal
I think it went down where they first lost contact. They are looking in the wrong ocean
Drew in Largo - Well now, there's a big surprise !! It only took them how long to find the numbers ?? No wonder they can't find a whole plane.
I've been referring to Hillary Clinton as a "flaperon". Now I'm going to have to come up with a new word to describe a lying female politician shaped like a pear.
So WHO Removed the Serial Number Tag from this part ?
The pilots names have finally been released........ Capt Ho Lee Fok and Co-Pilot Wei Gong Di.
Isn't that something, that they can find a wing in the vast ocean, but still can't find a wing or engine from the jetliner that supposedly hit the pentagon on 9/11???
That's the part Tom Hanks used for a sail.
"Possible, with Certainly?" Who is that guy, a Clinton relative?
Never ever fly a foreign flagged airline unless it is from northern Europe
Lufthansa, anyone? The copilot will fly you into a close, last look at the Alps. Air France? Their Airbus trash will get pitot failure, and the pilots will do all the wrong things.
it concludes that the French are lazier than the Greeks
Everyone except morons and the French knew this flap was from MH370 as soon as it was conclusively identified as coming from a 777.
I don't understand where are other parts of the plane it doesn't make sence.What about the bodies floating to the surface nothing.
It's not going to make sence (sic) until the find the aircraft; when they do it will make sense.
The problem here is France has nothing to do with the building of a 777!
Boeing was involved in this analysis from the start.
Wow, it's in the ocean! Who would have guessed. And it will stay there until Robert Ballard decides to go looking for it.
fake wing, we all know the plane is on the moon
We all knew, but they have to certain.
"It is possible today to say with certainty that the flaperon discovered on Reunion island on July 29 came from flight MH370," Wow what a statement....
What were the findings from the pilot's facebook page?
not knowing what happen is worst - solve it or no fly
Give it up. The plane is gone. The passengers are dead.
@ralphie - Why is the plane gone?
Wow, it took them this long. Just how many missing 777's are there besides MH370? Uhm, none.
The already knew that no 777 wings were unaccounted for. I wonder who made $$ on this deal.
Where else would it be from? How many spare wings are floating around from missing planes?
Didn't they confirm this a month ago?
How far and could the plane fly with out this wing section lets try to search for it in the right place.
The flight is 6 hour to Beijing. The plane was 1 hour in to mid flight toward Beijing so part of the fuel was already spent flying in that direction. So essentially that would put 5 hour worth of fuel, at the time of the flight change, 5 hour radius would put the plane any where in the south seas and any northern land mass. The flight path suggested the plane did make a U turn possibly due to mechanical problem but there was no radio communication so either the radio went out along with other failures. Then the plane made a course change to Andaman Island and lost. It's another possibility the plane was taken over by terrorist in which they disabled the radio and the pilot tried to return back to the airport with the terrorist trying to reach the cockpit. And the plane made a turn to Andaman after the terrorist got in the cabin. However, no terrorist organization had come forward to claim this, so it's all a speculation.
one piece down, about a million to go.
Now, if we just knew bruce jenners bra size.
Oh boy CNN will have a cow.
Maybe now they can find the plane itself.
Very sad, hope the families find out the truth :(
Shouldn't the wing have more damage if it came off of the plane as a result of a crash?
Not if it was a controlled water landing.
Depends entirely on how the crash happened.
That takes the cake as the dumbest question asked today!
not every piece of the plane would be damaged if other parts of the plane absorbed more of the impact
That's only a very small piece of the wing.
"Miracle On The Hudson". Plane landed on water, in one piece. Everyone walked away. I call that a crash. Shoots your theory down, doesn't it?
Boeing 777 has a wing span of 200 feet and 4605sq ft the area of 4.6 of 1000sqft 3 bedroom 2 bath ranch house or size of 3 average starter home. . yes TWO HUNDRED FEET This is only a fraction of 10 foot x 5 foot Flaperon
Every landing is a controlled crash.
The flaperon is made of carbon fiber, filled with air and sealed to prevent freezing during flight. Could it have sustained more damage? Yes Could it have sustained the exact amount of damage it has? Definitely
You idiot. It's a 7' piece of 100'...that's not enough damage for you? How small of fractions should it have broken into?
Zaphod B. The "Miracle on the Hudson" plane landed on a calm river, with little in the way of waves. The plane never got very high, it came in very smoothly, and landed in the water slowly. An engine fell off from impact, and parts of the bottom chassis split open letting water in. It was NOT intact, nor in one piece. If there had been real waves, there would have been a lot more damage.
I need more time with them, Jacob!
I'm sorry but this doesn't prove anything.....that wing could of been placed there. I doubt we will ever know what REALLY happened to that plane...
Aliens can beam up your tin-foil hat too.
What a heartbreaker for all the conspiracy theorist who were sure the plane was hiding on some rogue island being stuffed with bombs that would some day crash into (add the city)
Wow, you sure can't fool those crack French investigators huh?
Of course they did. What a surprise.
Were the numbers 3, 7 and 0?
Keep on searching, this is not an indication that the plane crashed in the Indian Ocearn as rumored and speculated by so-called "experts".What happened to that Drift Modeling magic, it should tell us the origin of this debris right?
Absolutely... and it indicates the plane crashed in the India Ocean.
The flaperon crashed, there's no indication that the plane did.
Wow. Apparently I'm an expert! Who knew?
First its maybe, then it is. Later there are doubts, then it definitely isn't and now it is again......Dizzy pills in abundance......
Yeah and tomorrow it will change............Im so through with this, not that it matters, but with all our technology.......I flew drones in Military and we could find people vehicles etc. How with our infinte techonogly we can' tfind a jumbo jet? hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
It really took this long to confirm this?!!!
Hmm Boing knew the part was from the plane within hours/days. So the part had to be shipped to France, looked at, make a call to Boing, sip some wine, check in with the French maid and finally release an answer. Well folks there goes the theory akin to a Clive Cussler novel.
That'll set the investigation behind another year or so.
A plane is big and has oxygen tanks aboard. There is a chance these folks are alive under the ocean, waiting to be rescued. They may be eating each other to survive. Do something.
I guess CNN will claim it came back through the black hole, but the rest of it still in there.
Finally some positive news!! I was convinced the plane was hidden somewhere!!!
Not to go with conspiracy mode on you, BUT... who knows what really happened? Just say the plane landed, someone/group took the passengers ( I heard there were a bunch of tech guys on board) then took this piece, roughed it up to look like it crashed and put it into the ocean???
So they still have not found the entire plane? What about the people that were on it?
"investigators discovered three numbers on the wing part, and later concluded that one of the figures corresponded to the serial number of an MH370 flaperon" So I guess ONE OUT OF THREE IS OK. Wish I had the same luck with lotto!
So to anybody who think the jet landed on an island, this should really put ur suspicions to rest, heh heh heh, SO SHADDAAAAPPPP!!! Huh?
Prior to this "official" announcement, I was wondering how many Boeing 777 flaperons were missing world-wide. Especially, in the area surrounding the disappearance of Malaysian Airlines flight MH370. We now have the answer. Big mystery solved.
Well now we can rule out The Man From Mars.
So there we are then, now we all know its from the plane. Now what?.
I thought the article would at least touch on the subject of any other debris found - yes or no. ..... Silly me.
No kidding since only one was missing that should have been a clue.
They had to confirm. They knew only one was missing, but it is like a coroner confirming that the bullet hole in the chest did kill a person. What if the number DIDN'T match the missing plane?
I heard it on the news weeks ago it was confirmed...
how can you thumb that down...all anyone has to do is google...
It was confirmed by the Malaysia government and not the French who actually had the piece. Took em over a month to confirm a bunch of numbers. Wonder how much money they juiced out taking their time. Cowards.
How did the wing part get so far up on the beach from the water? Why was it just discovered? Was it planted?
Seems like you know a lot about the ocean
Ever heard of "Tides" Don????? SMFH!!!
If you go back to when it was originally found, it was on the beach................
I love a good conspiracy Next some idiot will blame the president
Which president? They all have motive. Hmmmmmm!
Curt H, I wish I could give you more than one thumbs up for that.
There have been some really bad storms/hurricanes lately, could have pushed it that far up.
OOOOOOO Thats even better an international conspiracy between governments and the CIA multiple president and .......... oh this is good! I like the way you guys are thinking
How did the wing part get so far up on the beach from the water? - Tides? An very large wave? Go to a beach one day and watch the water. Why was it just discovered? - Besides the fact that the answer could be "it only just washed up," I think you need to take a few moments and think about the term "remote island." Was it planted? - No.
Don, it's been almost a year since the plane disappeared, that's a long time for parts to drift all over the place and be pulled in different directions by winds, currents, and tides. That being said, it seems inevitable that some of the pieces of the aircraft would eventually wash up somewhere.
This still doesn't disprove the "Aliens Did It" theory! Just sayin'.....
The Malaysian airliner shot down over the Ukraine was a 777. Is it possible that the section recently washed ashore belongs to that particular flight...?
That airliner crashed in Ukraine. Only relation is carrier and type.
Someone from Ukraine stole that flaperon and dropped it the Indian Ocean as a joke. haha !
Geez they sure like to waste time. They should have just asked me...I could've confirmed it several weeks ago. Duh!!!
Why didn't it grow into a full plane?
Hmm, good question. It certainly got enough water. Maybe not enough sun.
I wonder if MH370 had a pressure problem and hypoxia did the rest.
One of the theories is that the pilot killed the crew & passengers with hypoxia by taking the plane too high early in the flight. The guy obviously planned this out since the co-pilot apparently made no attempt to save the plane and all tracking systems were disabled.
RZ, confusion in the cockpit due to hypoxia could cause these actions as well. `twas dark.
There's no possible way confusion could cause a pilot to turn off tracking and fly below radar detection. This was a planned, deliberate act - the only question is was it suicide, or did he plan to survive?
What were the dumb Frogs doing all month? Drinking wine and eating truffels? Typical lackadaisical frenchie behavior!
i read they were on vacation
I want serial numbers........... one digit does NOT a serial number make. This is a joke but I hope it can be used to pay the survivors their benefits.
MAKE UP YOUR MINDS IDIOTS !!!!!!!!!!!! WHO'S RUNNING THE SHOW ???? I GUESS YOU DON'T KNOW !!!! ????
hey jennie, how about you shut that freaking ignorant yapper.
They're after you, Jennie. The puppet masters who control the world and make things like this happen. They're watching you, Jennie... watching and waiting.
So the frenchies took almost 6 months to confirm this piece came from an airplane?
yeap-o troll-o skeez-o ho-bag-o yeap-o yeap-o
The powers that be want this story to end and if the plane parts found on or off some island can be construed to be from the missing plane it will happen. End of story
these planes are repainted often, could they analyze the make up of the paint an compare it to batch samples. would narrow down the possibility of it coming from a different aircraft.
it has already been 'narrowed' you freaking moron.
@oily tats didn't read the article did you? they found a partial serial number. By analyzing the chemical and pigmentation makeup of the paint, it would be another step in verifying if this flapperon came from this specific aircraft. Because stuff never fell the flip off in midflight from any other aircraft that might use this route!!! Especially a high stress component such as this. So let use some science before calling someone a "moron" "TROLL"
LOL@stupidity, any plane would not remain airborne if that particular part fell off in mid-flight...
yes the plane would remain airborn with a missing flaperon. On a #$%$ mearly a control surface in the middle of the wing mainly use during landing. It could have been left extended an subjected to excisive stresses during flight, causing a failure on an aircraft without catastrophic loss of the craft.
Why is there any confusion at all on if this was from mh370 or not every part of a plane has a specific serial number that is unique to each individual aircraft I am a pilot and believe me there is not one critical part as a flap that would not have a unique identification
Yes I do it looks like it would be just one of the sections yes I do it looks like it is 1 of the sections it does look like 1 full piece of one section
No bodies because they are all EGG DROP SOUP!
ok...so where is the rest of the plane?
In your garage ? Cmon' man !! Really ? Take a guess.
so china still has the people and the rest of the plane?
When the plane was transforming into a spaceship it lost a wing. No big deal. Its now gone to its planet.
Of course it's from MH370,why do they make such a big thing out of something that is for sure,how many other Boeing 777 have gone missing, and I still feel that it went down caused by the two guys with false passports that were on that flight,just check out the suspects of the bombing in Thailand,same sort of people,Muslims.
With the low cost of SS memory, they might could have additional copies of flight data spread around the plane that would self deploy and have floatation .
:) Excursion to *another* aversion - Let's look at THE plane part, instead of migrants dying on Frances doorsteps...........
Without more wreckage I would believe that this is a planted after all this time sounds a little fishy to me!
Ya see Kathy,thats what I was thinking and they think I am insane,insane I say.
Much of the wreckage would sink to the bottom of the ocean. What little that remained floating would scatter far and wide after over a year. Anything that is not a recognizable piece of a plane might not be noticed amongst all the other garbage on the beaches.
The names of the PlLOTS have finaIIy been reIeased...... Captain H0 LEE F0K and Co-PiIot WEl G0NG Dl.
FINALLY! Geez......Now lets get back to the more detailed business of FINDING the darn plane......
How inconvenient the officials will have to construct a model of how the ocean currents ran clockwise for a year following the crash off the southern tip of Australia. How a disabled aircraft with an inertial system on autopilot could possibly follow a vector from its last known heading that is impossible. And a cargo fire taking out wires that control critical communication equipment totally out of the question. Has anyone checked the Somalian pirates wardrobes lately maybe some luggage washed ashore from the Southern Ocean.
do you all trust the French for your experts in this matter? why not the Fins, or Swiss? what, who made them the experts? maybe France has a vested interest in closing this deal? like millions of dollars in various forms of insurance payments? I'm just asking....
The flaperon washed ashore on Reunion Island. That's French territory. It would have made more sense to me to send the part to Boeing in Seattle, but a French airline mechanic can find a serial number just as well as any other and read it off to Boeing.
Why are French prosecutors even involved in the tests ??
The island is a French held territory. Other than that they just want there 15 minutes.
Yes , but why prosecutors ? Are they experts on airplane parts ?
The plane is still in #$%$ land. They took the wing off and planted it. They have purchased a new wing from Boeing & the plane is ready to fly again. It was on PO# 10876/KDR-158464.
Well, NOW EVERYBODY knows what all the "FLAP" was about.
First off let me say I DID NOT READ the story, but the headline made me think: DUH! Are there a lot of plane pieces out there that they don't know about? How many missing planes are there in the world? I knew it was the missing plane before they said anything, you know why, IT'S THE ONLY ONE WE'RE MISSING!
LOST! The part is a planted part OR this is just a fake story that the part was found. Has anyone ever seen LOST? The fact is that the plane was in S Korea. That is a 100% fact since, just days after the accident, there was a "for sale" ad for the aircraft in the SK Craigslist.
LOL David........... believe EVERYTHING you see on Craigslist?
Hey J, there was even a picture of it. And if you don't believe me search youtube for Flight MH370 Found On Craigslist or not on youtube Craigslist Ad In Vietnam is Selling the Missing Malaysian Plane. The ad starts off... Slightly used Boeing 777-300 for sale. Asking for $15,000,000 USD, or best offer (this includes all the snacks in the plane). Some guy by the name of Fariq was selling it. Damn it J I hate being called out on facts....so there ya go. Have no clue why the governments have not solves this yet. Guess you don't read craigslist from SK. And by the way, Craigslist is an awesome way to pick up chicks. Even better than Ashely Madison.
I'll take their word with a grain of salt
Last I heard it - did not have the ID # on it as per factory specs - I don't trust the French -- they are yes men to Washington !
Sorry but this is a lie. The whole world searched for this thing for 6 months and all of a sudden a wing shows up out of nowhere? Odds of this happening gotta be in the millions.
The whole world searched? Are you sure?
Well there is no Malaysia Airline livery logo on the Flaperon.
There's not one on the toilet seat, either. Coincidence? I THINK NOT!
Scandal, cover up, bogus part...... hand crafted and planted.
It was planted there by Russia or Iran. The plan was HIJACKED!
Why not install a real time "Black Box" through Satellite Data Link to Boeing , Airbus, Engine Manufacturers, Honeywell and others with provision that no one can switch it off. Believe me ...... the technology exists ...... it's only the willingness of the Airlines to set aside a portion of their revenue or to reach for the pocket of the passengers to pay for the services.
I think main due to the sheer volume of data they would receive...... how many flights are in the air at any one time? Hundreds? Thousands? More? Think they would have to launch a couple more satellites to have enough bandwidth for the data.....
HILARIOUS LIES......ONCE AGAIN!! Well that wont stop the sheeple from commenting like it was real........ The complete absurdity of this so obvious 150% BS FAKE PHONY and FALSE NEWS " STORY" IS INSANE !!!! STOP TYRANNY NOW!
Need to up your meds again, PS.
Isn't funny how only this one piece manages to surface. I supose we are too believe only this part broke off and shows up on a beach. There should have been tons of baggage that would have floated to the surface.
They took it from the Ukraine and dropped it off over there LOL
Figures an air force guy would say something stupid like this. It was a joke in reference to the conspiracy theory of M17 being MH370 hence the LOL douche...
The CIA planted it there. Or Russia. Or whomever stole the plane...
Where are the seats, luggage, bodies, tires? If this floated, why not more? One number is proof. Beware, governments lie to hide the truth.
You haven't been around many water accidents, have you? Some parts of a plane may float, others don't. I'm sure there are other pieces out there floating, they just haven't been found. Bodies seldom are recovered intact from the water - fish eat them. I had an acquaintance who was a police diver in Connecticut. She said that after only one day in the water a body had a lot of fish damage. I think she said usually the eyes went first. Interestingly, she said that tattooed skin wasn't touched by fish.
Yeah and I saw a PIG fly today
looks fake to me. I think the plane is still in ISIS hands
That's some BoJangles #$%$!! story is a (Lie) .
BIG Boeing 777 Only found little wing part? Where is the rest? Over 200 seats! Where the rest? Nice Plotting for Believers !
At the bottom of a 13,000 ft ocean?
Da ,... maybe these people still waiting for survivors will finally get the message!
prosecutors? what/who exactly are they prosecuting by finding out the origin of the wing?
god has washed up the wing so we can find his lost children and we can help god bring them home in heaven
The plane landed in the water. There is no other wreckage? If the plane landed hard enough to break the flaperon off, then other parts should have broken off. If this part is from the missing 777, could it have been removed from the plane and sent adrift?
So, France killed them, then. Those darn Frenchmen.
ILL NEVER FLY AGAIN ID RATHER WALK THOSE POOR PEOPLE DAMN
More people die or are hurt walking than flying. You make as much sense as liberals banning guns.
what a waste of money, the plane crashed, the people are dead, they are not coming back, collect your insurance and get over it
I think you miss the point. You want to know why so we can possibly prevent it from happening again. Of course if this was done on purpose/terrorism, it's hard to stop it in the future.
Wow. Took them over a month to find numbers on the wing part. Some crack investigators the French have.
The wing was indisputably from a 777 and all of the other 777 wings were accounted for so why did this take so long???
A plane goes down and only one piece of it is found and no bodies. If someone wanted to strengthen the conspiracy talk they just did. Its 911 all over again and it smells like bs.
Yep, and I'll bet your backyard swimming pool is bigger than the Indian Ocean, right?
The plane still could have safely landed even after losing a wing. They train for that. My guess is their still being held hostage somewhere in Africa.
The CREW trains for the possibility of losing a wing, but the AIRCRAFT doesn't. Stop "thinking" ricky, you're not any good at it.
I'll take their word with a grain of salt
Now maybe we can find Obama's real birth certificate
Just a conspiracy theory could this part have been planted to give searchers a bone to close searching for plane
Well, the problem is that they would have closed searching for the plane much sooner if they had found no trace of it. Finding new clues has a way of making investigators renew their efforts, not diminish them
you wont like what you hear
Also there is more then 1 Missing Boeing 777 in the world so this is just jibberish and BS
There is no other missing 777 in the world. The jibberish is yours
77.7 IQ points missing from Tailgator
what? last week they said it wasnt from that plane, maybe global warming?
Put Some Hot Sauce On It!
this whole story of this plane stinks of a cover up. some one stole that plane. removed the part to make it look like it crashed. you realy believe this part floated around in the ocean for a whole year and collected barnicles. one day this plane will show up and the world is not going to like what it has in mind
Like how? Please don't say anything about it becoming something under terrorist use or some sort of nuke town doomsday airliner. The logistics and physics of such are utterly ridiculous and -- you know what, I was going to say something more in regards to your callous ignorance, but decided you deserve to remain just absolutely stupid on the whole matter.
It's hard to understand how people can think it is easier to hyjack and hide a plane instead of simply chartering a private jet.
Sorry. *THINK* people.... They can confirm that this is a Boeing 777 flaperon, but they can NOT prove that it came from flight MH370. And, this single piece does NOT prove that MH370 went down in the ocean. It did NOT. It landed at Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakstan. Google it..... (c)2015, Tom Clancy, Jr., *NON-fiction
@Bradford - They can't? Exactly how many other Boeing 777's have crashed that this piece would be a part of?
WoW !! France is So Smart !!! How long did that take ?? 3 Months....Grat work France !!! Enjoy your Muslim Holidays !!!
what if theres no pilot ! -then what ?
Would you think they would deny it? Time to seal the mystery .Who actually cares if it is? or isn#$%$ a snow job anyway ..we will never know the real story.
I still think they have been looking in the wrong place the whole time.
I think your brain has been in the wrong place the whole time
And how much is the Malaysia Government paying us and the UK for this ongoing never ending search . Just saying .
BET I AM RIGHT AND SOME OF THOSE OUT THERE OR PEOPLE, SAY I AM NOT RIGHT. THIS PLANE WHEN IN THE WATER STRAIGHT IN AND THE PRESSURE BROKE IT UP, WHEN IT WHEN IN DEEP. THE CURRENT FROM INDIAN OCEAN BROUGHT THIS PIECE TO FRANCE AREA AND I ALSO BET THIS WHEN DOWN NEAR IN MALAYSIAN WATER OR NEAR THE BAY. I STILL BELIEVE THAT THE PEOPLE ON THAT PLANE WAS FIGHTING HIJACKER AND FOR THERE LIVES, JUST LIKE 9-11.............. AND THAT NO INTUITION, IT A FEELING.........MAY THEY ALL REST IN PEACE.
WHY are they NOW saying it IS from that plane - when only a week or so back they claimed there was NO confirming evidence that that part was from that plane ???
#$%$ alert. It is such prized evidence that no gloves were worn to handle it. #$%$ from start to finish.
I hope a pray they find everyone alive
Remember the 3 Iranians that were on the "no fly list" but were passengers on that flight. I can guarantee you guys that Mossad took down that plane to "erase" those 3 Iranians.
You've seen too many movies.... B movies.
Are they sure ? I think they should double check , it could be from a near by boat wreck .
I know for a FACT that Bayliners have flaperons! (yes, I'm kidding, conspiracy nuts)
I was being sarcastic with my comment .
"WHISTLE'....#$%$ FLAG on the media! 1000 yard penalty...You say it is, turn around and say you arent sure then now oh yeah most freaking certainly it is?? Hmmmm interesting. What's next? Line up all the grieving families and spit in their eyes? Shame!
oh, lisa..... get a life. The media has been reporting accurately.
"It is possible today to say with certainty...." Bureaucratic double-talk at its best.
Check Gilligan's Island for the rest of the plane!,..... a lot of stuff used to float into that lagoon!
Give us some real news when you have it. Something's is fishy here.
What gets me, is why on earth do we not have flotation devices on the black boxes??? We have the tech to do it, yet these boxes are sitting on the bottom of the ocean!!!
If the plane doesn't break into pieces, how are the boxes supposed to get out of the plane ?
My only thought to that, would be an ejection system of some sort.
These are floating everywhere.Just look outside.
That plane is sitting in a hanger somewhere being fitted with a few tons of tnt. It will be dropped on Paris or London one day. A very large city in Europe will be destroyed.
And in other news, sources at the ministry of nonsense and buffoonery have confirmed that Topsuite is a charter member
So the French have no clue.
It's a bird, It's a plane, It's superplane gone missing. All of you who thought this plane just simply vanished need to be drug tested. At least there is some sort of closure now
If this part really come off of this particular plane...
Bridge, that was the whole point in checking the wing.
That's impossible. Everyone knows the plane was hijacked and flown to a secret island. Everyone knows that.
PB, no need for the question mark...
Right now there's a crazy beach walking stone hunter saying, "thank god I found that piece".
well duuuuh....I could of told them that when they found it....let's see "It's definitely FROM a 370....there's only ONE 370 missing"....what took so long??? what a bunch of idiots
They need to Rename that Company.. Goat Roper Airlines.
When they find the plane, there will be the co-pilot strapped to his seat with a fractured skull, the pilots skeleton strapped to his seat with his Muslim prayer beads wrapped around his wrist
OKI guess I should take off my tinfoil hat MH 370 is not in a Bison Hanger in a old abandoned Russian Bomb er bases in one of the "Stans" (for future use ) Going above 38,000 and de pressuring everything aft of the cockpit would have killed everybody - just use a backhoe and bury them Cargo was a LOT of lithium Batteries
It took them more than a month to just identify the wing ? No wonder the plane has not been found more more than a year!
Thought this was established a month ago ,old news.
So follow currents and that is the search area.
More than likely, a mooslum pilot crashed the plane deliberately, shouting "allah akbar" as he did it.
Now that we got that out of the way, where's the plane?
Such a crazy story and the fact that no other part of the plane has been found yet is truly nuts.
remove -flash - from your computer....it has virus-
Think maybe that was a suicide mission ????
a goat roper cannot be trusted with a Jeep or lawn mower much less a airliner.
We know that the pilot did it on purpose. The only question is exactly where he did it.
I bet Roger Goodall could find that plane. He's great at things.
Google "QRS11"…… and do some digging.
just a few days ago they said they refuse to confirm. Now a 180 after hours, (somebody force them to confirm)?
Duh. Only a month to figure this out?
THIS PLANE DIDN'T GO DOWN IN AUSTRALIAN WATERS. BUT ONE OF THE BOXES WAS CARRY OUT THEIR BY THE CURRENT AND BY THE TIME THEY STARTING SEARCHING OR GOT THEIR ACT TOGETHER, IT WAS GONE AND THE SIGNAL........OH YEAH SUNNY
CAN YOU TALK A LITTLE LOUDER MY TIN FOIL HAT IS COVERING MY EARS BUT THATS TO KEEP THE CIA FROM READING MY BRAIN AND OPENING A FRAUDULENT ACCOUNT ON ASHLEY MADISON THATS REALLY NOT MINE IT'S MY DADS......... (well, it makes as much sense as his #$%$ rant)
not really a shock but I was beginning to get worried if they would ever find the dang plane
So Now the Conspiracy Theorists will start their "It's A Plant Chant."?
That there is a dumpster cover. Hell I could've told them that but they didn't ask.
let the soul's Rest In Peace .....please Lord they will Never be found
Souls? Lord? Is there anything rational about your life?
Liars I'm sure they don't have a clue what happen to the plane don't be fooled
Well at least we know the fish were fed well.
"Central, 55 Victor Mike, were out of Fuel !"
Sure its from Flight 370....LOL!.....heck, even the barnacles match.....Do these people really think the public is this stupid? I guess so....all I know is that the Chinese people whose family members died on this flight will never accept this lame attempt to explain away their loved ones deaths.....well, if this wasn't planted from Flight 370, they should be able to figure out where the flight went down based on the ocean's flow.......lets see if they start searching those currents.... : D
Da plane, da plane, Where is da plane???
AL GORE CONFIRMED IT THE FIRST TIME HE SAW THE PICTURE
Dah!!! it's not like there were any other missing 777 wings
No, but what if the numbers didn't match up?
A tin can full of swine.
SUNNY YOU WANT TO MAKE A BET. SO FAR I HAVE BEEN RIGHT...........OH YEAH'
Oh, well, if FRANCE confirms it, I'm convinced now. I was on the fence waiting for France to weigh in, but now we're good. We're good, everybody! France confirmed it.
....................../´¯/) ....................,/¯../ .................../..../ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ The French.
I cant help but think of Lost
sounds like the plotline to a sequel to LOST, bet some screen writers are at it right now..if not, it's mine, send me my cut, you're welcome
you mean a ufo did kidnapp it
What way to die._______Crack into the water & ??.
The families and loved ones of the 239 people that were on board care!!!!! Have a little compassion!!
Or it could have been the 777 wing from the plane that isn't missing. Of course it is.