The Indian Raiders A techy spangled sky is watching my bowls. All kinds of ships stripe me with their vows, That this MH370 was not one of their hauls. Voyagers or fishermen have come and gone, I have slept with these surfers until the dawn, Made no mention of MH370 as we go along. Aussie, French, & Maldives are oceanologists, Do join to hunt the crown of a dead princess, Ain't we seeing a modern day three stooges? If the stakeholders do want to find the plane, Why has no pot of bounty for a piece of thing? Even a mere likeness a relative would dream. The Dead Quick Ugliness. Little sis lost her way to Chinatown, She vanished, nowhere to be found. She's last seen into Big bro's bound, "No, I saw her going in Aussie pond." So Aussie did for a loop in his pond. Albeit a long sorts, sis wasn't found. I'd called my son from Amsterdam To come home in our native land, He was murdered in Ukraine farm. Big bro rushed to catch the gangs, He was quick to sniff like a hound, Accused his rival of killing my son. Big bro's pal saw a bra in his island, They're sure it is her padding brand. "Little sis wore that signature brand." Then they say they are not that sure, How can I take back my own words, Big bros, thrice you made me a fool.
As sad as it is, these people need to accept the fact that their loved ones are gone. Why in the world would they not contact their friends and family if the plane landed safely? Surely some had charged cell phones at the time of this "landing" so they could call their families. So why didn't they?
Cell phones would not work in the middle of the ocean.
They better realize they are long gone... and all the why's in the world will not bring their loved ones back... denial is the first stage of grieving...
It is understandable that many of the families of those aboard MH-370 are in denial. However with nearly 18 months what do these families think happened to the plane? Do they maintain some hope the passengers survived and are in a spaceship or what?
That's terrible. I can't believe that you are at 10-0 for thumbs up. Maybe something bad will happen to all 11 of you one day, and you'll have a sense of compassion after YOU get over it.
I feel extremely bad for all families who lost loved ones. It's really a tragedy for all of us when something like this happens. We're all brothers and sisters and all connected. Joe, we were not discussing compassion. The topic seemed to be why the victims' families were having a hard time accepting the possible discovery of some evidence of the doomed flight one and a half years after the plane went missing! They all want closure as any of us would.
I am sorry and I lost a close family member to something where the body was never seen and there never was any proof because a body was never recovered so I sort of know what they are feeling BUT it took for about a year to just accept it. That's what these people should do. The plane crashed, it is not sitting in a hangar anywhere, no one is hiding it, and everyone on board is dead. I know its hard and it is hard to accept but it is true. Move on with your life. Quit trying to change something that you can never change. Quit grasping at straws. Its like trying to nail Jello to the wall
So incredibly insensitive. Pretty cool that someone so distasteful knows all about what happened to flight 370. You should share that with the proper authorities. I call BS on your loss.
It's not BS and there is no reason to share my facts on what happened. I read the news and my so called findings are what the experts are saying. I am just logical. You call BS lol. You say I know things. You are saying you call BS on my loss. You don't even know me. WOW How fast you judge and know everyone. If people's thoughts don't agree with yours you seem like the type to make things up to make everyone see it your way.
You may have been less sensitive than me.
I think OP is on the money... stop squealing all over again with this #$%$ about not accepting they are gone. they are as gone as JCaesar...
this is the result of the might's any maybes that political correctness has caused being P.C. has literally removed every ones spine towards giving an affirmative answer in clear defiance of LOGIC Logic clearly dictates that if the serial numbers confirm the part is from a 777 and there is only 1 missing 777 in the entire world in the area the part was found then it is from that 777 no maybes
They did pretty well at Pearl Harbour.
Studies reveal that - for example - less than 20% of Americans can apply logoic or reasoning.
My heart goes out to the families and friends of those on the lost plane. But, since no other 777s have been lost and unless some evil person found a way to "plant" this aircraft part so it would be found I believe the plane sits at the bottom of the Indian Ocean and it may still be greatly intact. I also believe it will be found someday.
There really is no reason for anyone to plant anything in the ocean in this case since they were already looking there. There is no need to plant something somewhere unless you want those looking for what you are trying to hide to search somewhere where they are not searching, but in this case they already were searching the ocean and had no intentions to stop even though the searches were drastically scaled back. They were ready to stop searching for it altogether, and this will just renew the search efforts, which is something you don't want anyone to do if you're trying to hide something. If someone is trying to hide something, they want people to forget about it and don't do things to make people remember; this not only makes people remember, it makes them want to start searching for it again.
I have been working on Boeing planes for the past 25 years and all Pri and Secondary flight controls have a metal Data plate attached to the flight control with the last overhaul and part number and S/N and model type. Boeing should be researching this not the French or the airlines it's a log book entry in the A/C Records
Boeing was assisting with the analysis in France. The portion of the flaperon that had that plate may have been sheared off in the crash
While I don't trust the Malaysian Govt. on anything they say, the families of the victims have to start to accept the possibilities and go on with their lives, as hard as it may seem....their loved ones are lost, they have the right to know what happened to them, but, until further analaysis of the French investigation is completed, and actually confirmed, they have to be willing to accept the fate of that plane and the people onboard.
They just don't in general have any respect for Malays.
That's because the Malays have nothing respectable.
It's not in the Malays' psyche to handle complex issues. They'd rather sweep everything under the carpet and go relax under a coconut tree.
I think to this day, there are still people who refuse to believe that their relatives drowned on the Titanic. Some people believe they were able to swim to an island and are still alive today.
even they could swim to shore they are too old to be alive today !!!
So that's the colony of the oldest people in the world then. I guess that if one was to eat purely organic from a young age after having the ability to swim to an island after a massive ship sinks, they have really great genes. I guess they'd be averaging about what....125 years old at this point?
Their are Titanic survivors living on a remote island near Greenland. Because it is so cold there are few viruses and bacteria. Reports are that there are dozens of people there well over 125 years old.
I guess if I had family members on that 777 I would have doubts about this one piece also. Just a for moment can you imagine how much debris there would be from a 777 crashing into the ocean? Now only one nice large piece has been found, does this not make one wonder where some of the other debris may be? Look at the disaster in Japan and the debris that is not only still floating but washing up by the tons on our shores. You know there just seems to be something wrong with this picture. If you or I were feeding on conspiracy theories then it wouldn't be difficult to imagine that a large piece could be placed in the ocean and let some sea life attach itself to it, put a number on it and presto, we now have the answer. Do we????????? It is something to think about. I hope and pray for the sake of these families that they do find more evidence, but time will tell.
Maximum number of people to sustain a conspiracy is three, and that's if two of them are dead.
sorry but there was more than 1 piece of aircraft found. ....and some luggage! !!NOBODY planted anything! !! There is no telling how long it had been there either. ...so guy out looking on a remote beach came across it! !!Could have been there for months and months! !
parts of Boeing 777's dont just drop off from them here, there, and everywhere, you know ?
The French authorities are being over cautious because, well, they're French, and that's what the French do. Nothing wrong with that. There's only one Boeing 777 unaccounted for. Unless Boeing was strewing random bits'n pieces of 777s into the Indian Ocean in some sort of sick practical joke, the MH370 families need to accept that yes, these parts must have come from THAT plane. It doesn't solve the mystery of why the plane went down, but it should dispel any notions that it landed safely on a deserted island where all the passengers are just hanging out, waiting to be rescued.
They would rather cling to the conspiracy theory. Sure signs of a made up story is one that comes out quickly with no inconsistencies and the story never changes as time goes by.....that's a rehursed scenario. One that is slowly released and has inconsistencies and changes over time is a sure sign of the truth. Even police will tell you that when they question people their stories are never exactly the same to the letter and when they are it's cuz they rehursed their testimony. These family members are idiots. Of course news is gonna be released slowly cuz I ttakes time to investigate...of course things will change as time progresses and more is learned. Are people really this stupid or is it just an act.
Your statement is not quite correct, Karen. What happened to the 777 stored by GA Telesis in Tel Aviv. Just something to think about.
There's only ONE 777 known to be missing, and that would be MH370.
Why don't they believe it? Each part of the plane has serial numbers doesn't it? They just match those up and viola..same plane. What are they wanting to hear, that the plane was actually hijacked and is really in Dubai or something?
Some will never believe anything other than a conspiracy. Some think it landed in Russia. I'd welcome the evidence myself so I could at least have some closure.
Yes, some group is hiding their relatives, maybe making them work at slave labor or--who knows?
I think what they said was, they don't believe any words come out of Malaysian PM. They want the information from someone who is more credible such as French or Australian. Can't blame them for that, who would believe a guy who said someone just deposited into his personal account USD760 million with no string attached? You can hardly find a Malaysian with brain who would believe a word from this PM.
Ok, The French have the part. How long does it take to look up serial numbers? Are they on old fashioned print outs that take forever to read? I would think the French authorities could have publicly confirmed this by now. It's no wonder that these families are still in disbelief.
This is exactly what was need to solve the mystery. So the relatives feel it is too convenient that it shows up "now". "Now" being anytime. They will never be satisfied. Even if the recorders are found, we will never know the reason it happened. Seems most likely a solo well planned mass murder -suicide by one of the pilots, intending it to be the mystery that it is. Its a sad and unfortunate situation for all involved.
They are just holding onto any tiny bit of hope that their child/mother/spouse is alive. They aren't stupid or conspiracy theorists. Denial is a strong force.
According to a post in this column on the day the flaperon was found, an unnamed Boeing engineer said that the company had already confirmed that it came from the missing aircraft. Now its just a matter of guesstimating about which direction the currents brought it from over 500 days from the East of Reunion Island. The barnacles may tell something. The most important part of the puzzle is that it was projected by the aviation experts that the flaperon was down when the plane hit the ocean which probably means that someone was still alive and controlling the aircraft and it did a belly landing rather than falling on a dive from the sky. In all probability all the passengers were already deceased as it was noted early on in the investigation that before the plane turned off course it flew above its safe altitude point and without oxygen the passengers could not survive (e.g. Payne Stewart's plane crash). Only the person flying the plane with an oxygen mask would have been able to continue to divert the plane off course and head it in the opposite direction. As many of us know from 9-11, once ground control loses contact with a commercial airliner and it turns off course in a different heading, it is proper protocol for the government to scramble jet fighters to investigate the circumstance and to try and make visual contact with the person flying the plane. In this case that didn't happen. The plane flew on until running out of fuel and it probably went down in the Indian Ocean with flaps down and sunk down gradually.
The part was identified as belonging to a Boeing 777. MH370 is the only 777 lost at sea in that region. That's the short answer. I expected a quicker resolution from a serial number or something analogous to a VIN that major auto components are marked with.
I think that the problem is that we are just being given the results. Maybe, the numbers do not match but who would know?
Lowne, These people are still grieving and they are in psychological denial of the facts. There are also "$$$" issues at play depending on the outcome of discovery. They haven't experienced full closure even though 18 months have passed. There are still people who believe the plane is Sheeba's or Sinbad's tent in Saudi Arabia or nearby, and that the passengers are safe. Never mind satellites can see your watch or the top of my head.
Apparently a large number of surviving relatives and friends are highly suspicious of any info coming ONLY from Malaysian authorities, and not without ample reason. This is likely what is behind the skepticism, more so than an issue of denial.
Who pays the salaries of Voice 370's staff (do they have an incentive to keep this going).
The families should get together and employ an ex MI6 inverstigation person and get to the bottom.
When people suspect a conspiracy, it almost never exists. When a conspiracy exists, people almost never suspect it.
How do you feel about the only 3 steel buildings in the world to ever be brought down by "fire"???
You are wrong..the government just steps up its lies when it's a conspiracy. JFK, 911 BOTH are conspiracy by our government.
@Joe, I think it's a tragedy. @Commenter, it's almost impossible for one person to keep their mouth shut, let alone a group.
For those still wondering how this piece of wing could have traveled so far from the alleged crash site, consider this: When I was living on islands in the Central Carolines in the Pacific Ocean, the beaches on the windward side would be strewn with plastic bottles and other flotsam with markings confirming they had floated in from the Philippines, Malaysia and Indonesia - all of which were over 2,000 miles to the west. Some would have teeth marks in them indicating that a shark or other big fish mistook them for dinner along the way.
I am sick of the "survivors' celebrity" that feeds this irrational behavior. Do they think the 777 was taken up by a UFO, or is it still flying around like the Flying Dutchman of the skies, unable to land but doomed to a perpetual holding pattern?
it is nutty--but understandable--families hope for the best even if it means holding on to odd conspiracy theories
So, I guess the Malaysian Airline doesn't need to be paying any settlements..
Not the first time that a large plane was sucked up by a UFO.
I can't believe that no one can come forward yet and say this piece definitely was or was not from MH370. I fully expect it to be, but you'd think they'd have something conclusive by now.
It could take years to figure out if that piece of wing is from the Malaysian plane.
You'd think there'd be an easily traceable serial number on at least one of the parts that make up that flaperon. Amazing if there was not anything.
That was exactly what I figured, Mike. it's my understanding that every single structural part on an airliner has a serial number.
I failed to add that it's also my understanding that every part has detail in the aircraft's service history.
DennisM - You are clueless. If that wing is from 370, Boeing absolutely knows it. If it s from a 777, Boeing knows which one. This is just, overall, exacerbating pain for people, it's unnecessary, and really uncalled for.
Boeing, and the company responsible for servicing that craft.
I have to agree with Freedom and Joe, this shouldn't take that long.
I wouldn't expect it's been long enough for corrosion or oxidation to be a serious issue. Those are, over time, the impediments I would most suspect (yes, I have a degree in manufacturing, but I know I don't know everything.)
Most major components have some kind of data tag. Since this piece is a fragment of a larger piece, it might not be the portion that has the tag attached to it.
Wouldn't it still have several smaller components in it? I believe I saw a photo that led me to believe it wasn't exactly small.
Politics and corporate agendas trump reasoning and resolution.
Are these people really that stupid? There is no other missing Boeing 777, therefore any plane wreckage that can be identified as specifically coming off a B-777 has to have come from MH370. It's not rocket science, it's common sense.
No, that is an equivocation fallacy. There are no other missing Boeing 777s, therefore any wreckage that can be identified as specifically coming off of a Boing 777 has to have come from a Boeing 777, but that isn't enough to tell us if it came from MH370. There are other possible explanation for the existence of the wreckage. While it is LIKELY that it came from MH370, it doesn't tell us that MH370 is in that part of the world, and it isn't enough to guarantee that it came from MH370.
So, logic is an equivocation fallacy? Give it a rest. If MH370 is the only mising B777 that went down anywhere near the ocean, and a piece of a B777 washed up, and there is no other B777 that it could have came from, then it came from MH370.
Really? Just what other plane is it then people?
The relatives think the piece was planted to solve the mystery.
Sadly delusional because they cling to hope.
yes they are and it not going to happen sadly ppl most move on and do the right thing
If Chinese believe in fire breathing dragons and phoenixes, what's gonna stop them from believing their relatives are still alive?
Malaysian Government should just tell the relatives what they want to hear. "You are right. The passengers are alive and well. Now give us back the settlement dollars we gave you!"
Sorry for the families,but life goes on and the sooner they accept that fact the better off they will be.
As yet they haven't been given "facts". Only "probabilities"
I still don't understand W.T.Flick is taking so long by the French government to "confirm" this. They have stated when the piece was found that there is a "part number" on the flaperon. So match up the number with the Boeing's inventory list. IT'S NOT ROCKET SCIENCE PEOPLE !... It can't be that hard to match up a part number with Boeing's data base. If it's that hard for them, have the counter help at PEP Boys do it. They can match up parts for cars that haven't been produced in decades...
A part number is not a vehicle identification number.
@gibb - A part number is the same on all the same part. What you are referring to is a servial number and it's possible that not all parts have a unique serial number
@gibb you obviously aren't a rocket scientist. A part number is just a number for that particular part but not a particular plane...duh it's not rocket science. Look at you rcar parts you gibbering idiot...they have the same part number on the parts as the next same type car.
They are mostly Chinese. They think there is still some money to squeeze out of Boeing, the airline or the government or a government some where. That's why you see then on TV still wailing in supposed mental anguish. They are after more money is all.
Chinese dont believe in conspiracy. They look at facts, and the Malays have not been trustworthy.
They have been around long enough to be able to tell what is BS when they see it.
@tall yeah right, chinese believe in rhino horns, lousy black tea, and so other earthly #$%$ to keep their small weenies up so sure the Martians took out the flight and they are dancing with Elvis.
Apparently the passengers are all either living on Gilligan's Island, or on an extended Survivor shoot somewhere.
Who would want believe the words of Ketuanan Malays, people who claim themselves of race supremacy and threaten the minorities with bloodshed.
"The passengers are all alive and doing well. They say they have never felt better. So, now everyone can go back to work and everything is great. We were just joking about the plane crashing. Oh, by the way, we need you people to return the settlement funds that we gave you. " Is THIS what the family members want to hear??
These families can join with families of 9-11 victums, hold hands and sing "Cumbaya", but the necessary story will be put forward and the fusilage of the plane not found. Various parts washing up may indeed be from the vary aircraft, but that doesn't say where or WHY the plane disappeared.
The families of those lost in the only 3 steel structures on the planet to ever have been taken down by "fire"?
but that doesn't say where or WHY the plane disappeared. -- no, true. It is not a mystery solution, and I still believe will probably not be solved..but, you know, it is first trace of this thing of any kind since Day 1..it makes it seem real, at least....
Sounds like an organization that doesn't want their funds drying up due to families getting closure.
The man says that the government/airlines is lying about the plane, but in the same breath he wants the airlines to fly him to the island so he can look for his sons luggage.
Is anyone calculating the ocean currents in reverse for a year and looking THERE for airplanes underwater? James Bond could do it.
Columbo would, but he got seasickness on his ocean voyage.
Wind, Waves and water do not follow the same line nor move at the same speed. It has been over a year. There will still be a couple million square miles of ocean with a plane at the bottom. It is fair to say that the plane is at the bottom of the Ocean. What's a couple hundred Chinese anyway?
So what do these families hope to accomplish? It's been over a year, do they think the passengers from the plane are alive somewhere? It's possible the plane will never be found.
They are mostly Chinese. They think there is still some money to squeeze out of Boeing, the airline or the government or a government some where. That's why you see then on TV still wailing in supposed mental anguish. They are after more money is all.
Well to be fair vegas, the media lurks around waiting for those anguish money shots as well.
@Vegas, agree with you. They are only in it for the money. Chinese = money.
They watch "LOST" on TV too much !!!
there is no complete conclusion that this is a piece of mh 370. it is or it isn't. something is not right about this story. could this be a plant and that would make france unwilling to make the case. suitcases where found, yet they were not from mh370. this story isn't over yet.
No other Boeing 777 went disappeared over the Indian Ocean. Therefore, logic and common sense says any B-777 parts found in the area had to have come from the only B-777 that is missing: MH370.
Then France or Boeing should say that.... right?
No... "French authorities have said there was a "very high probability" that the debris was linked to the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777." and "Voice 370 said Malaysia is the only party to have conclusively stated that the Reunion wreckage was from MH370." So no one has conclusively said this part is from MH370, so far.
Of course no one really has faith in Malaysia's statements, especially since they are not examining any of the debris.
my question Anthony was could this have been a plant??
What is wrong with these stupid relatives??? Demanding this that and the other, All aboard that plane are long dead. shark food and be lucky to even find a tooth. get over it and get on with your lives cos your rellies aint coming back
I know this heartbreaking for family but to write this off as #$%$ is just foolish. This is a proprietary component of a Boeing 777. As far as we all know only one is missing and it is highly unlikely that Boeing dumps their failed parts in the ocean. That sucker is worth at least $150 at the scrap yard. As for credibility......not important when the evidence clearly illustrates the outcome of the disaster. Sad face
Heck, it actually could be MH370's flaperon, but that means nothing. The aircraft was landed at Veer Savarkar airport on Andaman Island that night. IF I'm smart enough to figure out how it was hijacked, who are the governments responsible and where it was landed...I'm sure China is as well.
Jesus Christ , don't you ever stop for food, water and oxygen..
Malaysia has a credibility problem as deep as the Indian Ocean; anything they do, it's seen as a conspiracy. Sort that!
These people have been programmed by their government not to believe anything another country says. There is NO other Boeing 777 missing in the world. So where did this debri come from? They just want a paid vacation to this place so they can look stupid yet again in international media.
You have zero understanding of what it is like to lose a loved one in an unsolved and unexplained incident. You should have just kept your mindless remark to yourself.
You could cannibal parts of a 777 from the fleet of Boeing you own.
I have zero understanding of a lot of things. Doesnt mean I cant a misguided opinion does it? Anyways I am sure youre an expert on the twisted mind of a Chinese person.
we are just going by how the chinese families reacted as shown in the news. most of them didnt even have passports when the plane crashed. now they want to fly to reunion and look for their loved ones' luggage.
Your statement is not quite correct,Bobby. What happened to the 777 stored by GA Telesis in Tel Aviv. Just something to think about.
Oh lord another conspiracy theorist. Have you people ever thought that the more complex the conspiracy the less likely it is ALL of them can keep quiet?
how many wing pieces from 777s are missing otherwise? What other proof do they need? I understand grief, but this is taking denial to a whole new level...
Reunion Island wing for dummies The only page worldwide that explained in advance the last act: no confirmation that wing is from the missing Boeing. The page, published hours after hours after the wing "discovery", also explained what the "inspection" will reveal. Both reduced to ONE line: Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 Unbelievable but true: worldwide NOBODY echoed the FULL story "two Malaysia Boeing 777", all staged with actors: - MH370 will resurface at Jerusalem's Temmple Mount, together woth Obama Bin Laden, exact remake of 9/11 with 4 fake airliners reduced to one fake ariliner, followed by Obama's full detonation as suicide bomber, launched with his staged arrest - exposed by Last Prophet 12 March 2014. - MH17 shot down in Ukraine, part of the arsenal of nazi agent playing "suicide bomber Putin", destroying Russia and Novorussia from within, before his full detonation, "fleeing"to Beijing. end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
Shouldn't you be out on a ledge somewhere?
I think his tinfoil hat is a couple sizes too tight.....
He hasn't figured out how to get up the stairs from his parent's basement.
Voice 370 should need U.S. expertise and scientific analysis of the debris of the plane as to authenticate and ascertain the evidence!
This is why this should have gone to Boeing in Seattle Washington. This is not an Airbus and should have never gone to France.
Why do you think that only the US has the expertise? The flapron was found on French territory and Boeing has a large presense in France.
Were there any Boeing experts at the French investigation?
yes - Boeing sent a team to France
Not a question about a Boeing team in France. Its about the image you send to the relatives of the dead. They want to feel that the best experts handled this situation. If Boeing themselves confirm it, then majority of the relatives will believe it, its about giving peace to the relatives of the dead, not you and me, put yourself in their shoes. I am not here to argue who is better, that is always a French thing.
Wasn't there another major plane crash in Indonesia, shortly after? I don't remember if the aircraft was the same make and model - but seems feasible.
There have only been about 6 Boeing 777 significant events. Only three of those involved serious crashes, and they were all on the runway. The aircraft you are talking about was not a Boeing 777. No 777 has ever crashed in the ocean. airsafe Boeing 777 plane crashes
CORRECTION: No 777 has ever crashed in the ocean EXCEPT MH370.
My God nagging...............any research, history, googling, ANYTHING before you opened your cake hole? JUST crawled out of the cave after spending 2 years creating that screen name?
Listen Asians do food and laundry but flying planes is not what they do.
They did pretty well at Pearl Harbour.
American's weren't invited for MH370 wreckage inspection. Pretty sure that part might be world war 2 plane shot down by sino Japanese empire in 1945. Boeing wings aren't that small. Probably, U.S government have information about ALIENS and MH370. classified. Classified Information and yet it cannot be show on the public. Thumbs up!!! Hooray! Yahoo!!!
This isn't supposed to be a wing, it is only a small part of a wing. It is not from a WW2 plane. Sorry to disappoint you.
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN HOMOSEXUALS AND RACISTS ARE ALLOWED TO OWN GUNS. All you people reading this: You are all very stupid and constitute a group of total failures in life. Now I dare any of you to reply to this post, but I know you won't because you are all too afraid of me. You are afraid of me because my power level is over 9000 and you realize I could easily defeat you. I am better than you. You should be ashamed of yourselves. I am strong and superior, you are weak and inferior (and smell bad). You want to post a reply to me, but your fingers tremble in fear and you find yourselves unable to type a response. You are wise to give up, it's the only thing you'll ever be good at. Remember: He who laughs last, laughs last. Unlike those who laugh now, or those who laughed first, or even most who will laugh later. They will all be laughed at by the last one laughing, which is me, the last one who laughs last.
That's a random bunch of gibberish. What the heck do gays and racists owning guns have to do with MH370? Plus, I wouldn't care if your power level was 50,000. It has no meaning.
I am typing in great fear and trembling. I bow at your superior intellect.
Libtards will be furious! The United States cannot be made to look like the evil instigator here.
Wing debris Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 Missing Boeing 777 Hoax exposed ONE day after it was released, March 2014: Human cattle interaction: global search for fake items: from missing girl Maddie McCann to missing Malaysia airlines plane Non-stop succession of jokes to keep the human cattle running in circles. Remake of "Missing girl Maddie McCann spotted by everyone everywhere": mainly governments not individuals play spotters. human-cattle.blog+spot --- /2014/03/ === Two gangs of illuminazi suicide bombers in action: illuminati-suicide-bombers.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
What brand of tinfoil do you make your hats from?
Yeah, yeah, yeah and the moon is made of blue cheese.......
Acceptance of death is very hard. The families are still clinging to hope. That is all they have. Until they have more wreckage they will continue to have that hope.
Some one commented "... but this accident was not the fault of malaysia or any other government ..." Malaysia had made many mistakes by its negligence and ignorance at all levels of their authorities, military and civilian. If they took proper actions in a timely manner, MH370 wouldn't be MISSING to the least.
Wing debris Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 Missing Boeing 777 Hoax exposed ONE day after it was released, March 2014: Human cattle interaction: global search for fake items: from missing girl Maddie McCann to missing Malaysia airlines plane Non-stop succession of jokes to keep the human cattle running in circles. Remake of "Missing girl Maddie McCann spotted by everyone everywhere": mainly governments not individuals play spotters. human-cattle.blog+spot --- /2014/03/ Two gangs of illuminazi suicide bombers in action: illuminati-suicide-bombers.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
I mean, are you actually saying something in that gibberish?
It is all copy and paste conspiracy #$%$. He posts the same thing over and over and over again hoping that one of these days he will get at least one other person to agree with him. He should just go put his tinfoil hat back on and take a nap on his parents couch upstairs...
I'll agree that it is the plane, but I'm skeptical of exactly how it got there.
Obviously, your only "nautical" experience was floating your rubber ducky in the bathtub.
Nope, don't even have that experience.
They reject the findings, but they still clamor to be flown to the vacation island at others' expense to judge the beaches....errrrr evidence..... for themselves.
There are NO other 777's missing! !!! I feel for these people but they need to realize that this IS parts of that jetliner and need to put it behind them. It's senseless to keep grasping at straws. ..those ppl are at the bottom of the ocean! !! Never to return! !!
it's 100% truth. Everybody wants the mystery solved, even though it is probable that most of us have guessed what happened correctly anyway.. But none of that make a sod of difference to some Chinamen and his relos who have gone to feng shui with their honorable ancestors..move the #$%$ on, already.
Anything short of their family miraculously swimming home they will reject !
"No way! They're still alive." This is what we call the "denial" phase. Now's the time to get past it.
Why? Why would the airlines lie? To what end?
then let them raise the money on their own. they are not owed the wealth of a nation to find out what happened to the flight. their families were not forced to get on the flight. it is tragic. we may never know what happened. but this accident was not the fault of malaysia or any other government. a small fortune has been spent already. move on. or if you want someone else to analyse the debris, pay for it.
There are still those who believe in Santa Claus ...
okay - its debris from the ill fated flight ------------ happy now?
Some people need to wake up and smell rhe coffee. Exactly where else would the debris be from? The missing missing 777?
so if they do not believe the plane went down in the ocean, what is it that they do believe? how stupid i guess logic means nothing but eating animals means alot
It wopuld be weird if it wasn't but leads to the wreck!!!
HOPE can be a great thing or undermine the truth......compassion for the families should be job one in these situations. I really hope they locate the fuselage soon and be done with this operation.
Most likely when it is located it will be like the Titanic and take years to retrieve it.
Just to highlight, if i'm not mistaken Mr Sergei (if i'm not mistaken) who is the AG from france has confirm the flaperon is from Mh370.
God people are crazy too much superstition, it was Muslims revenge on the CCP for their treatment of xinjiang, so you can thank the brain-dead CCP
There's 2 places the passengers could be which they haven't searched....heaven and hell.
I am honest to say that all passengers were already become shark baits, and I suggest the families should buy gravestones for them,end of story RIP !!!
".........with some still harbouring the belief that the plane landed safely somewhere." Nice snow job by the conspiracy nut jobs. You have the families believing these wild, non-factual fables.
if Corruption is the norm. I'd be leary as well! However these Families are due Closure!
Geezus, can we frikken ID this stuff yet? What is the hold up?
These people are nuts. They are not a smart race.
The analysis is being done in France , what more so these people want !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Libtards will be furious! This whole incident proves the backwardness of the Muslitards.
The only thing you have proved is that you are an moron. But you probably prove that every time you make a statement.
Wow! Libtard counterarguments pack quite the intellectual punch!
That second comment coming from a genius with a remarkably intellectual screen name, and who is comfortable using made up words. Hillary Makes - NOBODY wants to be as much of an intellectual as you are.
Only liberal losers are swallowing this hook, line, and sinker-- despite these "evidences" being debunked time and again
stupid Chinese...plane crashes..people died...accept it and move on
When MAO killed 30 millions Chinese. nobody cry ? Now what ? Big deal is sue Mr Xi let the victims took the flight of Malaysia airline
Okay... did the 'planters' buy it at a garage sale of broken aircraft wing parts?
The people who planted it have access to anything they need...
As per the NTSB and Boeing, "the part found does not match with Maintenance records for that airplane missing"
huh what??? ok please paste where you read this ? so we all can read it.
And what does the NTSB (a U.S. Agency) have to do with this? It is being inspected by Boeing and the French government entities.
Jason is somewhere in the internet, apparently this part does not belongs to the missing airplane
Solange, the french and many other countries are involved in the investigation
JasonG, this is from the New York Times: "A person involved in the investigation said, however, that experts from Boeing and the National Transportation Safety Board who had seen the object, a piece of what is known as a flaperon, were not yet fully satisfied, and called for further analysis. Continue reading the main story RELATED COVERAGE Police officers inspecting metallic debris that was discovered on Sunday at a beach in St.-Denis, the capital of Réunion.St.-Denis Journal: Tiny Island of Réunion Awash in Intrigue Over Vanished Malaysian PlaneAUG. 2, 2015 Workers searched the beach for possible debris near where part of an airplane was found washed up on the island of Reunion on Friday.Plane Debris Is Probably From Flight 370, Australians SayJULY 31, 2015 Their doubts were based on a modification to the flaperon part that did not appear to exactly match what they would expect from airline maintenance records, according to the person, who was not authorized to discuss the matter publicly. "
As an Aviation and Troll expert, I can tell you beyond a shadow of a doubt, Jessica is a goat blower!
@jessica - The NTSB is only there in an advisory capacity. Final report will be from Boeing. There are many other experts, as good as and some even better, than U.S. personnel.
Jessica - I see you have shown yourself that your initial statement was actually false. Thanks for disproving your own incorrect claim.
searchers, families ... should not rest - we may be next - too lax
They all DEAD, end of story !
plane was landed somewhere, all passengers executed, and "wreckage" was placed. Just as good an explanation as anything else I guess
I heard only once that the plane was taken down, Now in Benghazi there were 28 hand held SAM'S That went missing could it be one of them was used in a test?? And who was on that plane that needed to be gone???
Where are the attachment arms ? I still think that the plane landed and the flaperon was taken off and put in the water to throw off the searchers