One never knows what he would do in a situation like that, but I "think" I would not like the loneliness of the hotel environment after a couple of weeks had passed without a trace. I think I would like to be around the home with the belongings and pictures to keep me connected to reality as much as that can happen. For me, I would want to go to church where my friends could encourage me. But, as I said, that is just what I think. God forbid, that is all I will ever have to do.
After a couple of weeks yes of course, but these people might not have very good lives in China, they might want to make Malaysia their "new" home, and they can be on hand to cash the checks.
The USA has done far more than would of been expected considering there was only a couple Americans on board. I feel for the families that lost a member but at what point do you stop the search. This should of been stopped weeks ago when there was not wreckage found at all. How much has the tax payer spent on this search and to find nothing at all. The families should go home and get on with there lives and end the search.
I knew this day would come...sadly...psychologically ppl hang around the place a close one had been B4 such things as death or for others they cannot go back there...One cannot blame Malaysia, no country would want it happening to them or their airlines...they did however pu$$yfoot a lot where proper info and responsible handling is concerned,After all this time seemingly their loved ones whether they crash, or was kidnapped have left this earth....I hope they find peace, we may get tidbits of the story in yrs to come, but it took large planning by big ppl to cause plane to disappear in this day and age without any spy intel see-ing a damn thing,or any parts of plane , bodies or baggage recovered...May they all RIP
That's a kind post. Did you know anyone on board? No.
That was a VERY kind post,Tika.Best of luck to you and you as well,Geoffrey
I think Malaysian airline is proposing the right directions. There is no place for the families to move on than their own house and friends at home. Granted that most of the victims are bread winners for the families, some sort of assistance will be useful to help them to start on the recovery mental process and to chart a new direction for their lives. Granted the search may take years or ever, it no longer makes any sense for them to stay in Malaysia. The Chinese government should also step in to help their nationals to start on their recovery process. The same should apply to other nationals. I believe all the passengers should engaged in a class action lawsuits and they should be beware of USA lawyers who want to share in the pie. Those are legal sharks who smell blood.
You must be a real A %% H @#!
Sonny Elias why do you say that??? I believe "Just To Be Fair" is totally correct. What if it takes them years to find this plane???? There going to be sitting in a hotel for years waiting on a word???
I don't think the passengers can do much of anything, at this point.
English isn't Sonny Elias' first language. He was trying to say HE is a real A %% H @#! And he's right!
WOW I cannot believe these people would stay two months ?!? I don't mean to sound heartless but this is mentally unhealthy ! Life has to goes on, whether you want it to or not ! I wouldn't want my loved ones to waste two precious months of their lives just waiting to see if by some miracle I lived !
I agree with one of the other folks that said "don't these people have jobs"? my thoughts exactly. I can't imagine what these poor people are going through but I think they would be far better off in their own homes around familiar surroundings. it's not like this plane is going to be flying back into the airport, so no need to be there. I honestly don't believe the plane ditched into the ocean, something would have turned up by now... seat cushions, life preservers,etc +
The US illuminati people did this. They know where the plane is, they're just like the devil, going off murdering innocent people in the name of the devil who will destroy them too in the end. They keep forgetting that they are human too with blood that runs through their veins, and will see a grave eventually themselves. And they will go to hell for murder, and for the distress of these poor Asian people. God is angry with the wicket everyday. The US illuminati government will pay for their sins, every man reaps what he sows, it's just a matter of time. TBOJCON.
hahaha, patricia is it??? you might get out of going to hell because if there is a devil, you would probably scare the he)( out of him,
Well, only if you consider your jobs more important than your family members. I am pretty sure that the Chinese gov is asking/requiring all the employers to give extra vacation days to the family members.
I don't think the employers are giving them (family members) extra days off. For every job in China, there's always people lined up for that position. Like what they say here in China, "you've got to protect the 8," referring to their GDP goal of 8%.
It's very painful, but yes...I think the families need to return to their home. They probably still have a child, husband, wife, parents, friends with whom they can share the pain and moved on. Time will heal their pain...the search is still continue, hopefully they will get the black box soon. God bless and please heal those in deeply pain and sadness.
My thoughts go out to these families. Yes, it is certainly more than time for them to return to their own communities and find longterm ways of coming to terms with this loss, but I'm sure that facing this dividing line is hard. To go home with no news (and not a "no news is good news" situation) has to be heartbreaking.
If they havent found them by now then, sad to say, but none of those unfortunate folks are ever coming home.
yeah, I'm going the insensitive route here. The fact that an international flight got so much coverage here in the U.S. makes me feel that they intensified that story to cover up a more relevant story that has a more direct impact on us here in the states.... It wouldn't be the first time.
I can understand wanting closure. I hope they find the wreckage soon.
Really, I sympathize with their grief, but these families need to face reality.....their loved ones are gone forever. It sounds heartless, but yes, they should go home and do whatever they need to do to come to grips with the tragedy of their lost family members.
My heart goes out to these families, not just for the obvious grief but the frustration. I think by now most know in their heads, if not their hearts, that their loved ones are gone. The authorities will almost certainly find the wreckage, at some point, maybe soon, maybe later, maybe much, much later. But even when that time comes, it's very likely that we will never know exactly what happened that ended the lives of the 200+ onboard. And that's the most devastating part, never knowing WHY your friend/relative died.
Sure it's terrible and heartbreaking they have to head home probably wondering what happened to their mothers/fathers/sisters/brothers/sons/daughters for the rest of their lives but what choice is there? Countries have searched everywhere but the kitchen sink, I don't know what else they can do. Call in a psychic, use more satellite footage, call up Google Earth, not too many choices left.
This is mystery that Boeing 777 Disappeared without trace, so pathetic. May God have mercy!
May God have mercy on the survivors, but, if the disappearance of the plane was a deliberate act, may His justice be swift and appropriate on those responsible.
I cannot imagine the pain these people are going through. Same for the ferry in South Korea. The fact that human error or bad intention was involved makes it even worse.
Many of the chinese relatives are very poor and live in rural areas where they dont have easy access to internet and other resources, and wont be able to get updates easily, also they need to be able to talk to each other and mobilize their efforts. the main reason we dont hear from the families of passengers from other countries is that they are isolated alone, not that they dont want answers too.
condolence to all the losses, but this is not going to get solved overnight, or even in the next half year or so. So, unless you have nothing else to do, it's not a wise idea to stay somewhere waiting, it'll be your own life as usual, to reduce the hurt at your own mind. It does not worth it to hurt yourself more.
It took 2 years to find that Air France flight. This isn't anything new.
It took 2 years years to find the black box and about five days to find the plane after it crashed
They found some floating wreckage early. They didn't find the body of the plane, and subsequently the black boxes, for 2 years. Of course, the first week of that search wasn't spent looking in the wrong ocean.
I do feel bad for these families. Loosing someone is bad enough as it is, but to not know where they are or exactly what happened must only make it worse. And I understand wanting some kind of closure. But neglecting the rest of your life to sit around in a hotel waiting for news isn't going to solve anything. It isn't going to make the search go any faster. I even realize that everyone grieves differently and that a tragedy would certainly compound that grief...but don't these people have homes? And jobs? And pets? And other family members? And millions of other things that need doing that currently aren't being done because they are sitting in hotels waiting for a needle to get found in a haystack? I truly hope these families one day find the closure they need, but it's not going to be in a hotel.
Those poor family, they were so hopeful til this day waiting for their childrens to return, but unfortunately the truth will only hurt them more.
Im still wondering why they waited 5 hours to report the jet missing after they knew it was missing. We can not rule anything out without a shred of physical evidence, you cant just assume everyone is gone without a shred of evidence, yea the probability is high but not confirmed at all. Im still waiting for anyone to talk about new prevention methods of tracking jets so this will never have a chance to happen twice, but nothing, the U.S. govt has said nothing, zero, zilch and it is an American made jet. They can track our cell phones and record our every move on a recorded data base but they cant track a jet with todays technology?
Yeah, the US has kept very quiet about all this...
Yes blame the Americans, everyone else does around the World. The US has nothing to do with this. BOEING is a PRIVATE COMPANY. So vent your misguided and immature threats toward them.
I feel bad for the families and friends of the passengers on the flight. I can't imagine how hard it would be to hold on to that feeling, but knowing in your heart that they were most likely gone. Not knowing must be the hardest thing. I imagine it's sort of like a child who has been aducted or lost. You want to hold out hope...
They are crazy if they think anyone from that flight is still alive. It better to be realistic than optimistic.
What else are they going to do, they can't stay there forever. It's time to face reality and accept the fact they are gone and there will probably never, or at least not for years, be any answers. There is only so much that can be done and I think that limit has been overreached and it's time to go on with life.
Funny thing..quite a bit of Advanced American Technology is "Made in Malaysia". The Chinese will stop at nothing to get access to it. That would be a very sneaky way to just Load Up an aircraft full of hi-tech hardware and take it over once it's airborne. Disable all of the transponders and peoples Cell phones and fly it under radar..straight to China. Imprison all the passengers.
I find it a little strange that all these people just kept hanging around the hotel at the airlines expense. I feel really bad for the families, I really do, but stop with all the drama, protests, and living off the airlines dime. I'm sure the airline did not intentionally cause the plane to go down and they did what they could at the time with the information they had. I know people will say that I would act different if it was one of my family member on board but it wasn't and I'm only stating what is observed. It's time to go back to work, mourn the loss of your family member and hope for closure someday.
But the airline said in a statement Thursday that it would close its family assistance centers around the world by May 7, and that the families should receive search updates from "the comfort of their own homes." Makes sense to me, yes its horrific but by now its hopeless so pray and go home
People seem to forget in such tragic circumstances time stands still for people. You are stuck in the moment but yet at the same time you also are some what aware time is moving without you.
Chris you are correct about that There is a quote that says people are either stuck in a time of joy or a time of sadness.
Not for two months, and not in a hotel at the expense of someone else. Don't forget, the "government" has no money except what it gets from the citizens of the nation. Malaysians are paying for these people to stay there. Time has stopped standing still, and this needs to end.
@ Texas, I am merely talking about their frame of mind, not what it's costing and why... It is also in response to those that never seem to have empathy. These people are trapped by their emotions, seemingly we all have a price tag on our heads that others freely decide how much is enough, unless of course it concerns them... I surely bet if you asked them they would trade places with you, they would in a heart beat, the question is would you ?
The advanced monetary compensation that Malaysia Airlines is going to pay the relative is nickels and dimes for Jacob Rothschild. Why" Because with the disappearance of those on Malaysian Airline MH370, trillionaire Jacob Rothschild becomes the sole owner of an important semi-conductor patent. Illuminati member, Jacob Rothschild is believed to have brought down the airliner to gain full Patent Rights of an incredible KL-03 micro chip. The U.S. technological company, "Freescale Semiconductor," who shared it's rights with Jacob Rothschild, had twenty senior members on board who had just launched a new electronic WARFARE gadget for military radar systems the day before the plane went missing. The Semiconductor company develops microprocessors, sensors, and other technology stand-alone semiconductors that perform dedicated computing functions. The questions are. Why were there so many Freescale employees booked together on Malaysian Flight MH370? What were their jobs? Their missions? Did they carry valuable cargo? With all the power our elite carry, Why couldn't they track down the missing plane? These were people with a lot of experience and technical background and they were very important people. Definitely a loss for the company. Freescale also owns Freescale RF, which is involved in making solutions for Aerospace and Defense. Including; Battlefield Communications, Avionics, HF Radar - Band L and S, Missile Guidance, Electronic Warfare and Identification (IFF). But here's where it gets even more interesting. The Freescale shareholders include the Carlyle Group who's past advisors have included ex-U.S. President George Bush Sr. and former British Prime Minister John Major. Considering the large passenger jet had flown undetected for six hours, the elites had to be involved because they are the only ones who can accomplish such a task - avoiding radar via "cloaking technology" has long been one of the objectives of the defense industry, and Freescale has been active developing microchips for military radar. Last June it announced it was creating a team of specialists dedicated to producing "radio frequency power products: for the defense industry. And on March 3rd, it announced it was releasing 11 of these new gadgets for use in "high frequency, VHF and low-band radar and radio communications. Four days after Malaysian Flight MH370 disappeared, semiconductor patent was approved by the U.S. patent office. The patent is divided in parts of 20% between five starters. One of the owners is Freescale Semicinductor , Austin, TX (USA), and the other four are/were Chinese employees of Freescale Semiconductor. Peidong Wang, Zhijun Chen, Cheng and Li Ying Zhijong, all from Suzhou City. All passengers of Malaysian Flight MH370. Here is your motive for the missing Beijing plane. As all four Chinese members of the patent were passengers on the missing plane, Patent holders can alter the proceeds legally by passing wealth to their heirs. However they can not do so until the patent is approved. So when the plane went missing, the patent had not been approved. If the patent holder dies, the other owners share equally in dividends from the deceased. If So if four of the patentees die, then the patentee left alive gets 100% of the patent. That remaining patent holder is the company Freescale Semiconductor. Who owns Freescale Semiconductor? The Answer Is - Jacob Rothschild. who owns the company "Blackstone", which in turn owns the company Freescale Semiconductor. Several speculations now pay attention to this circumstance. The Rothschils are a dynasty of financiers and international bankers or German-Jewish origin. This family is from the 19th Century, one of the most influential families of bankers and financiers of Europe. So Whatever monetary compensation Malaysian Airlines is going to give the families of the missing Malaysian Flight MH370 is peanuts for the Rothschilds. P.S. the area where the Official search team is conducting it's search is exactly where the top secret U.S. DIEGO GARCIA naval base is located. The question now is, Why have the U.S. denied that Flight MH370 was not diverted and escorted by fighter jets to Diego Garcia. Every country picked up on flight MH370, yet the military base in Diego Garcia with it's sophisticated and advanced radar systems did NOT pick up on the missing plane. Coincidence? I think NOT.
Blah blah blah my tinfoil hat is chafing blah blah blah
Diego Garcia is approx 2,000 miles from Jakarta Indonesia; Jakarta to the search area is approx 1,800 miles; from Diego Garcia to the search area is approx 3,800 the way the crow flies. For some perspective on that, it is 2,700 miles between Seattle and Miami the way the crow flies. ""P.S. the area where the Official search team is conducting it's search is exactly where the top secret U.S. DIEGO GARCIA naval base is located."" Not e x a c t l y in the same neighborhood. If you are not a fiction writer you have missed your calling, you write very well, good imagination too.
How dare these families not just move on and continue to cherish their loved ones.
That is not what anyone, anywhere is saying. It is NECESSARY to move on with life when tragedy strikes. Sitting and waiting for a miracle while someone else pays for it is not helpful to anyone. No one anywhere has said they should not continue to cherish their loved ones who were lost.
Hate to say it but I agree with the airline on this. The passengers are dead and the families aren't getting answers because there are no answers. They need to go home and get on with their lives as best they can and let the lawyers keep the pressure on the airline.
Only if they have confidence in the Malaysian court system.
My condolences to these folks too, but your loved ones are dead. Hanging out in hotels awaiting exact word on how they died is almost like morbid curiosity at this point.
In this day and age where video is sent back from Mars in high def, YET a 777 can just vanish from existence with 227 people on board because airlines feel it is cheaper to write a check to families instead of upgrading planes to include the tech necessary to prevent these situations.
They offer them money and tell them to go home? If my loved ones where missing on that plane and seen how the Malaysian govt. withhold, give bogus information and totally botch this whole thing, there is no way in #%## that I would just go home. I just hope the whole world doesn't go home, forget this all and act like nothing happened leaving these people all alone with no answers. The way this whole thing was handled is very suspicious and troubling and we need to keep pushing for the truth if not for ourselves at least for the over 200 missing people, they will never be heard.
Please do not criticize how people who have just lost their families in a missing flight about how YOU think should grieve or what YOU think they should do. YOU have not a clue about what they're going through so back off.
people are sick of this story....and you are wrong most people in accept death of loved ones and are back to work in less than 2 weeks...these people have to accept it and move on...getting on with your normal routine helps the grieving process...
I will say it again because obviously you cant read. Dont tell other people how YOU think they should behave during a tragedy and when they loose loved ones.
Ok, this search is getting very tedious, and I'm unable to obtain an answer on mine own as to where the location of the missing Malaysian airplane may be from the LORD. But if the "Powers That Be" officially submitted a request through me ~ a Jewish Believer in Christ ~ for the exact location of that missing plane to the LORD, then JESUS WOULD HONOR OUR REQUEST!!!
I'm surprised to say this, but I think this corporation is correct. All this worrying is not healthy for them. Having them in hotels and not at their not in their own lives is just making them crazy. Its a hard pill to swallow, and I wish they didn't have to, but it's better than being stunk in a horrifying version of "Groundhog's Day." Please retain some sanity. You're love ones don't want you to suffer as well.
its scary that in this day of age they can so easily lose a plane carrying almost 300 people!
Ok so you are telling me that after all this time people are still hanging out for word on this. I know it is sad but i think we have determined they are no longer alive. The best thing to do is to go and have a memorial service and move on with your life, because the living has to go on living no matter what.
My condolences to the relatives of the passengers…. Now, sadly, i think this plane was bombed in mid-air. This is the only thing that makes sense if NOTHING has been found. (or it landed somewhere else and everybody is been hostage)
Satellite would have definitely picked up the explosion in the sky.
This plane was diverted by the pilot for some unknown reason with deliberate conviction to hide it's whereabouts. It didn't crash. There are no floating pieces. It doesn't matter when they started to look for this airplane because it wasn't on its planned route. It is as they say "lost at sea" Just like so many other ships, submarines, and aircraft throughout history. Nothing new here.
So many here criticize the families. The Korean ferry families revolted after less than a week, and they know what happened to their loved ones. What if it was the loves of YOUR life that disappeared into thin air? Would you be so dismissive of the pain and indignation? Or would you do everything in your power to seek answers? Like these families have been doing. Try walking a mile in their shoes. I hope no one ever has to again. Yes, the airline cannot house people indefinitely. And we can all see that the airline/Malaysia is not at all motivated by wanting to get the families off of the news cycle... yeah right.
c. I understand their need for answers, but the entire globe has participated in this search and have found nothing. It is not dismissive of their pain to say they need to move back into the world of the living and start the healing process. Seeking answers is not done by sitting in a hotel and screaming at the authorities, who want those answers as badly as they do. I fear that this plane is lost forever into the oceans which cover so much of the earth's surface. One day, who knows when, someone will stumble upon the remains. I hope and pray it will be soon.
The Malaysian Authorities have reminded me of The Keystone Cops, since day one. ...And it's awful that they have NOT followed up on every lead. Why?
The sooner the families go away, the sooner Malaysian Airlines can make all of this go away.
Yep, they messed up and they don't want to tell, but they want these people gone so they can change stories.
It is horrible what the relatives are going through. However, staying in the hotels is not going to help anything. That money would be better spent on the actual search operations (whenever that plane might be).
I still cannot believe that no one was talking on their cell phones unless they were BLACKED OUT. There is more to this than they let on. Look toward Iran, Pakistan, Afghanistan it LANDED somewhere!!
They never found the plane -- never found ANYTHING. I do think the people should go home but don't give up hope. You need real proof, so yes go to your home, but keep on them. Until there is real proof of some sort keep praying. I have heard a lot of opinions, that plane can very well be on an island (there are a lot of islands out there) it could of landed there either intentionally or unintentionally if you know what I mean. I would bet "someone" knows something and WON'T tell them. I mean come on...
IT would have to be an island with a stretch where a large plane could land. That;s not as common as you seem to think
Have they been just hanging out in a hotel all this time? That seems a bit extreme. Don't they have jobs, rent, etc.? If it takes a year to find the plane were they going to continue lounging around the pool? Don't waste your time saying I am mean, cruel or whatever. It would be one thing if your loved one vanished without any idea of what happened. It is clear what the outcome will be here, the only question is when the outcome will arrive. Tragic? Yes. Life must go on.
I lost my three closest loved ones in the course of one year... I was in absolute agony.. however I learned to live with grief and still remain productive every day.. we must survive while we are here.
I was thinking of the same....they've been in the hotel for over a month? I feel sorry for the families, but staying in the hotel for that long? I think it's a waste of money. I'm sure someone will say or think it's not my money or not my family, but can't they wait for the news in their own homes? I'm sure they'd be notified of any updates. What's the difference between waiting at home and the hotel? So they could yell at someone who can't answer their questions?
Agree. You still have a life and other family members that need to be taken care of. You have to go on with life.
Exactly what I have been wondering. How are these people able to sit around all this time? Who is paying their rent, bills, taking care of things back home? That is great that you got free lodging but how long is an employer supposed to keep your job waiting for you? At some point you do have to get back to life.
"How are these people able to sit around all this time? Who is paying their rent, bills, taking care of things back home?" - Erika Of course Americans would ask questions like this. However, most other countries don't live paycheck to paycheck financed out the butt and plunged into debt like Americans. Traveling over seas, it's amazing to see how other cultures live with just the basics they need while they load up their savings and retirement accounts. We Americans don't really know how to do that because we want everything right now. Just sayin it like it is.
I think they are just staying thee to get the free shampoo and soap.
vcmg, I agree,I can't believe these people don't have other things to do. @John, OK so maybe they don't live paycheck to paycheck, but even in China, I can't believe you could get unlimited time off from a job to sit around a hotel and wait for news. Your boss would eventually fire you.
Did they fly Malaysia Air to get back home?
No offense to the grieving but lets be honest - no one is coming back from this disaster. What is staying at the departure point really doing for any of them?
Process of grieving a loved one.
Sonny, but at some point, you have to let go and move on. I have to agree with outraged, hanging around a hotel room is not going to heal their sorrow. I personally would rather be home around family and friends.
These people can't sit around and wait forever. They can grieve just the same, in their own homes, surrounded by other family members, and friends. It's not going to bring their loved ones back, am sorry to say. From the beginning, this whole thing was and still is a huge farce!!!
Put aside the political views and think for a moment what these families are going thru. Nobody deserves this grief. I pray for them to find peace, and an answer someday - the unknown is horrible. Only those who have never loved in life can make idiotic comments in disregard of the pain these family members are living through.
I agree, but I also think they should go home. Clearly as screwed up as Malasyian airlines is handling this, it will be the same regardless where they are. Home might be better on their souls and minds....somewhat.
Horrible for these families but why is it they refuse to let go and are so intent on sitting there waiting for their loved ones to suddenly show up or be found which will never happen. It has been well over a month. Time to accept the loss and move on in your grieving process. Sitting there expecting a miraculous result is unrealistic and only compounds their grief. Go home and move on with your lives.
WHAT IF.......the plane didn't really crash and these people are sitting in some hell hole hoping for a recue? Just saying, there has been ZERO proof that the plane crashed so where else would it be? Try putting yourself in their shoes then rethink your statement.
There is the possibility the plane landed safely somewhere but there is now way they are still alive. If they were there would have been a ransom. If someone stole the plane they most certainly killed everyone on board.
I wonder in what holes these passengers are getting probed by the aliens?
They are not going to find the plane. I feel so bad for the families but to continue to spend millions for a search is just not justified.
With the greatest sympathy to families who have lost loved ones on Maylasian flight 370. Because nothing was found. We can only speculate. Until we are rudely awakened by the truth.
How long did they expect to stay? I think putting the families up for 6 weeks was a long time. I understand the families wanting to be there but after this long and nothing being found, it is better to get back home and to work to keep busy.
What the hell is CNN going to report on when this dies and goes away? They have been reporting on it everyday, all day since it disappeared. Is CNN really that desperate? They have also resorted to running re-runs of Forensic Files and the like, I thought that this was a news channel.
Because they don't want to have to talk about the Benghazi cover up.
Heartbreaking for the families, but it is time to accept the loss.
2 months? Jeeez. The families must be hurting. But they're better off at home and that airline and everyone else there deserve to resume business as usual.
The fact is that nobody has a clue where the plane went down.Makes no sense to have the families waiting in mass for news.
@David - when you are dead, you don't know your dead. It's everyone else that has to deal with it. Same with being stupid.
Maybe you didn't get my reference. Have you ever seen the film "Independence Day?" Your name, which I like, is a line spoken by the character Jasmine.
The two prototype Jumbo Jets with the LES safety feature (described below) that will survive a bomb attack (due to its compartmentalization features ) can only be afforded by the upper middle class, just like only the wealthy being able to afford the very first commercial flight in America in 1914. There are pizzas that cost $1,000 per pie ( 100 times the normal cost of pizza ) and yet those pizzas are in huge demand by the rich, so similarly, if the two prototype LES Jets are marketed as bomb proof planes, there will be a great demand for such planes, even though the ticket prices might be three or four times the present amount and just as the very first commercial flight was only afforded by the wealthy, over time, ticket prices for the LES safety Jet should come down dramatically. The following is only for those who believe that planes do crash, even though the risk of crashing is miniscule and for those who believe, that the planes that they will fly in for the rest of their lives will never crash, please do not read beyond this point, thanks. FOR THOSE WHO HAVE ADD or who cannot get through even one page of a book, I am sorry the post is long. Copy and paste this post in your computer's notepad file under the title " two prototype LES Jets" and then try reading a few sentences a day and before long, you would have got through to the end. For those who say we can never "guarantee" a safe flight, I say we cannot guarantee a safe car ride either, so does that mean we get rid of safety belts or not try to improve car safety ? People should be given the choice to still fly the same way and for those who can afford it, the two prototype LES Jets discussed below will guarantee ( statistically speaking) a safe flight , even under a bomb attack. For those who don't want the LES safety feature because its acceptable for your loved ones to be exposed to the miniscule risk of a plane crash , since flying is safe and risk is miniscule, please do not read beyond this point. But for those who are not happy with plane crashes and for those whose family members and loved ones were involved in plane crashes and for those who think flying is not safe enough for those involved in plane crashes, read on but also remember, people should still be given a choice. Boeing should keep manufacturing the regular jumbos jets and at the same time ( through heavy investments by world governments) Boeing should also manufacture ( just ) two prototype jumbo jets with the LES safety feature described below that only upper middle class passengers can afford and also, the two prototype LES featured Boeing Jets will also be for those who save up their money over years since flying is not essential these days due to video conferencing over the internet that makes flying not a necessity. Since people are willing to pay $200,000 per ticket (500 tickets sold in 2012) for a Virgin Galactic space flight , I am pretty sure tickets on the two LES featured prototype Boeing Jets will be sold out, especially if the ticket prices are just three or four times the present amount and if the two LES planes are marketed as bomb proof and for those who want to fly cheap, Boeing can continue with the usual "status quo" cheap flights for those who don't mind a plane that does not have the LES safety feature. The discussion below is only meant for those who want to have a much safer flight by paying as much as three or even four times the present ticket price by guaranteeing you or your loved ones will survive a bomb attack on your flight. Remember, the first commerical flight (on 1/1/14) was 21 miles from St. Petersburg and Tampa and cost the wealthy passenger (Abram Pheil) $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below are incorporated on the two prototype Boeing Jets. The whole discussion can be summed up in one sentence: World governments should invest heavily in Boeing to conduct feasibility studies on the next generation of a scalable prototype of a launch escape system ( LES) that proved to be effective as early as 1983 and safety technology has greatly improved over the past thirty years since 1983 ( the last time a LES was successfully used ). Search google under patents approved : US20110233341 ( the patent is not comprehensive so further patents will have to be issued to Boeing if Boeing decides to proceed with the LES project ). I am pretty sure that those who wanted to go to the moon were called dumb and their ideas were considered dumber so considering the skeptics regarding the first moon landing project, the lesson to be learned is "nothing beats a failure but a try", especially considering the fact that our space technology has advanced in the past 45 years since man first stood on the moon. Yes, the price of tickets might triple if all the safety measures listed below are implemented but at the same time, if passengers know that they are going to have a very safe flight, more people might start travelling by air (keeping the cost down ) plus in this internet age, almost all business and personal visits can be done through video conferencing, so air travel will not be a necessity and in the future, hyper-speed ground transportation in six-seat, bombproof, bullet capsules using magnetic levitation in steel tubes called a Hyperloop might be a better alternative to air travel as envisioned by Elon Musk, the founder of Tesla. Remember, the first commercial flight by the very first passenger was 21 miles and cost $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below (on two prototype Boeing Jets) are incorporated. Its easy to say that corporations make safe products until you or your loved ones are a victim of a preventable fatality that the corporation could have prevented with a product that cost three or four times more due to the added safety features ( listed below ). I rather pay three or four times more if I knew that the product is safer than safe because I do not wish anybody being buried alive and dying a slow excruciating death due to freezing temperatures or being burned alive if, that death could have been prevented with added safety features that made the product cost three or four times more. The question you have to ask is, is money more important to you than life itself ? I really do not know what it is like to see the trembling little hands of babies and kids, trying to reach out to their moms (for help ) while being in total darkness and in excruciating pain from being drowned alive or being burned alive. I rather spend $4000 on a ticket than pay $1000 on a ticket and in saving money, I see my loved ones perish before my very eyes knowing that her life might have been saved if I had paid more money for added safety features. Since Boeing cannot guarantee your safety or the safety of your loved ones , world governments should invest heavily in Boeing to do feasibility studies on the economics of making planes even safer using the latest LES (launch escape systems). The launch escape system (LES) was first used on 9/26/83. The Soyuz T-10-1 rocket caught fire, just before launch, and the LES carried the crew capsule clear, seconds before the rocket exploded. The crew landed 4 kilometers (2.5 mi) from the launch pad. The Soyuz LES system also had grid fins mounted on the payload fairing that deployed to stabilize the craft. Similarly, world governments should invest heavily in Boeing on the next generation of LES whereby TWO PROTOTYPE LES JUMBO JETS WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING FEATURES: an autonomous, robotic, triple redundancy, three dimensional radar system mounted on all sides of the plane ( that creates a three dimensional picture of the area around the plane ) triggers a triple redundancy catastrophic indicator system that automatically cuts off all engines, strategically placed detonation devices breaks up the plane into four parachute equipped pieces ( the cockpit section, the tail section and the rest of the plane is split right down the middle ), in order to release four seater escape pods that are bombproof, floatable, pressurized, four-seat ejection pods (having their own collision avoidance system) that are ejected out of the plane while the collision avoidance system operates thrusters that prevent the pods from being knocked by the plane or other ejection pods in mid-air before deploying the parachutes. Other safety measures at each service interval should include an empty plane on a moving platform, going through a gigantic chamber equipped with x-rays, sonar and lasers to detect any structural defects or stress and each plane should be equipped with its own radar system and counter measures to avoid small meteorites, other small planes and man-made missiles.
Great, but what does that have to do with ML-370? The plane was hijacked by some paramilitary group, then either dismantled and re-built into several other planes by Boeing, or it will be found, but the crash facts won't make sense, like the Sandy Hook Medical Examiner didn't make sense, or the 9/11 COmmission report didn't make sense. Probably the same sick #$%$ involved.
This plane may never be found. Too many political steps were taken early to screw up the search. It is like Obama was in charge. Government lies and incompetence are traits that Obama is known for.
kenny THIS IS NOT ABOUT OBAMA YOUR FACE NEEDS TO BE SLAPPED
I can only imagine what these families are going through but I agree, time to go home and get your life back on track.
This has gone from a rescue mission, to a recovery mission, to a search mission, and now a training mission for recruits and volunteers. How can these people Go Home. The Black gov't kidnapped and killed these people and you're telling their relatives to Go Home- there's nothing they can do?.... Evil, sadistic, vile, complete injustice and without accountability. I can't imagine where their loved-ones are going thru. and maybe I don't want to imagine, but I wish them God's blessing.
Yes, mate, of course there's a massive conspiracy...... nor go and have a nice lie down, eh?
As cruel as it is, they need to go home and grieve and move on with their lives or they will become another loss. because of this tragedy. It may never be found.
Although uncommon, there are many planes in history that have gone missing and have never been found. And some take years to find. Is the airline really expected to put these people up for the entire time? I agree with the airline, it is time to go home.
I feel bad for these families but I have a feeling that their loved ones are dead. There is not anything more that can be done except to keep searching. The plane will be found even if it takes years & it may.
Gee, Cheryl. Did you get that feeling all by yourself?
So let's get this straight you lost a plane and the information you gave to the families seem to always contradict what was stated earlier. The airline and the Malaysian government seem so inept and unprofessional. Now you want to screw these people even more by sending them home and contact them by phone. Yeah you tried that last time telling them effectively that everyone is dead without any information. How can any traveler trust the government and airline anymore with all this nonsense.
They are better than United and American airline employees. United/American/Delta has the worst employees in the world especially in Chicago.
I think Malaysia Airlines have gone above and beyond in relation to hoteling the relatives for this long. There is no advantage for these people in staying in the hotels, other than it's probably luxurious compared to their own homes. I feel they are probably riding this for all it's worth, now after nearly two months what's the point.
I would hire only White Anglo Saxons to fly airliners world wide. You will have the best crew, you will have the most trusted hands in charge of your Airliners. Muslims should not be able to use airlines. They disappear with the Plane, they crash them and kill innocents, or the hijack. Public/Private announcement address has ended.
You're absolutely correct. Everyone knows Asians can't drive anything.
Considering that this plane was from Malaysia, finding "White Anglo Saxons" to fly it could have been just a bit of a challenge, don't you think?
I feel bad for the families, but as other have mentioned, no one is coming back. It's time to move on. Armchair QBs want to present various theories but the fact is the ocean is huge. It crashed and sunk, either in pieces or in one piece and may never be found. It wasn't aliens, or terrorists, but probably mechanical failure or human error. As technologically advanced as we are, there are still things we don't know and can't control.
Had no idea they were staying at hotels all this time. I don't see why the airline would house them at all, except for the ones who came from WAY out state (or whatever designations they have over there) and only for the time when there was truly hope. And I can't believe the families would WANT to stay all this time. Don't they have jobs? Other children? Pets? Heck, I'd be worried someone would break into my home while I was gone that long! Opportunity knocks! It seems like parents who's children suddenly disappear are left in despair but they soldier on. But mass-grief feeds on each other. Let the "thumbs down" rain on me. These are just my opinions!
I'll bet the hotel is much more comfortable than many of these people's home. The article didn't specify how many families have already returned home but I bet many already have.
How can anyone go home and remind themselves of their lost family? Yes they may have jobs and so forth, however losing someone is traumatic especially when its unknown. You would have to lose someone to understand.
Inobsessed, you are *not* an idiot, your post is exactly right! Everything in it, makes a lot of sense! And @ Ego- there are many cases every single month/year of someone disappearing....were they kidnapped, killed, running away??? While I feel sorry for their losses, they can't freeze time. If they haven't even started dealing with their loss....it's time! The airline should get them counseling....at their homes, shacks--wherever. While it IS hard to move on, the first step is going home.
Thank you, Laura, for "getting it". These people can worry at home just as much as they can worry at a hotel. But it's not healthy to feed off each other: "Misery LOVES company"!
Now Malaysian Airlines can kick everyone out of the hotel, issue its cheap payouts, issue those colorful apology letters, get the grieving family members of their backs, sweep it all under the rug and get back to business.I will also ad that Malaysian government is totally incompetent.
My heart goes out to them in their loss, and it must be beyond difficult to walk away, but they must. Their lives will go on without their loved ones, and the sooner they go back to them, the sooner they will begin to heal from this terrible, painful, accident. May God have mercy on them all, and help them find peace.
The families of those on M370 plane need honest answers, not that beating around the bush that has been going on since the plane disappeared, they probably know deep in their souls that their loved ones are gone, but that the government hasn't told them the truth.
The government doesn't know the truth. No one does, except those that went down on the aircraft. The worst thing that the government has done, aside from its incompetent handling of the search, is to dole out information too slowly, too little and too late, thereby creating the impression that it is hiding something.
This is a right decision from Malaysia. The MH370 families should go home and wait for the search result. Most of them coming from China and they are so uncivilized, rude compared to victims families from other countries. Who is paying them food, shelters and what are they doing all day long or just crying and protesting? They are acting too much and should go back to where they belong. Go home.
If these people go home, the search will end with their departure. They are the ones pushing for something, anything to be found.
We all feel for the reletaves of the lost however we need to move on , sitting in KL in a hotel room will not help , keep hoping and praying , but face reality this is unfortunatly happened . However i cannot get my head around payment for their lives , how does one quantify the loss in a monetary value?
They're not trying to put a price on someone's life but want to give survivors funds to preceed forward. A lot of the people lost were no doubt breadwinners...
don't understand, First of all I feel for these families But... Really? If i were one of my family members id wait at home, Its big news, I'd find out. I understand the risk with flying, a plane is a hunk of steel in the sky, Things can go wrong. The airline are like all businesses, a bunch of jack offs, Do these people really expect the airline to be all warm and fuzzy? also don't these people have jobs?
Just another step toward burying this story.
Tough and sad for all involved, since March 8th, it's unbelievable no traces or more solid evidence has been found....a true "Bermuda Triangle", , but like all said, "We all must move on" , no one has ever said that life will be ever easy :-(
Your being a little cold, of course life is not always easy. That is not the same as never knowing what happened to your loved one. TRY to put yourself in their place.
Annie - I don't think Edward was trying to be cold. We all have things happen to us in our lives that change us forever and are unimaginable. This situation for these families may be worse than what most of us can relate too but I believe he was just trying to say that no matter what happens in life, how horrific it might be, how hard it may be... we must move on.
Don't expect the media to offer any CLOSURE to this tragedy. Ratings mean more than feelings to these snakes.
Sad but true but THIS PLANE WILL NEVER BE FOUND! Gone but not forgotten comes to mind but it is one of those things like the Amelia Earhart mystery that will be cited for a very long time.
How can Officials say unequifically that plane crashed when locating/tracking system was intentionally shut off by someone on board shortly after takeoff? Also no plan crash debris has been found? Also no crys for help from either passengers or crew? Sorry more questions than answers given etc..
Malaysians are low class. They really shown this time.
Big planes do not crash and leave no debris or stay completley intact. Just saying!
It is time to move back home, we are approaching two months since it disappeared.
Malaysia Airlines wants them to "rest at home" because the fascists who run Malaysia (and who own and run Malaysia Airlines) are tired of paying the piper for their #$%$-up. They'd better start hiring some non-third-world professionals to fly their first-world planes.
You can't put your life on hold because you lost someone. They do need to go home and get back into some sense of normalcy.
Jennilynn A. there's no such thing as normal now tend to your children
Its time for every nation involved in this expensive search to just admit they have no evidence and no clue where the plane is or what happened and call off the search.
The most advanced technology cannot find one missing plane yet we can find another earth light years from earth. Sounds like some people don't want this plane to be found.
Sounds like someone sucks at analogies
What the EFF is wrong with those ignorant people, that plane and it's passengers are GONE, neither will EVER be seen or heard from again, EVER. This is just ridiculous and nothing but a show for attention and hope for generating bigger compensation payments from the Airline.
These freeloaders should have been sent home weeks ago. What is wrong with these people? They are not the only ones who have ever lost a loved one. I didn't know the asians became so hysterical about death. I thought they were more stoic and reasonable but this crew is nutz.
It has been reported that relatives cell phones rang for days after "supposide crash". No calls for help by passengers or crew. No plane crash debris. Planes tracking system deliberately shut off after takeoff. Those are the facts. I am no exspert but those facts dont line up with a plane crash. Just saying!
Your first "fact" is a bunch of hooey. Nobody got calls from any of the passengers.
This isn't a bad decision by the airlines.
Sad and frustrating as it may be, the Malaysian government's announcement makes sense. Eventually, something of that aircraft will be discovered and hopefully explanations will be forthcoming, but to sit in limbo in a hotel doesn't help the families. Better to go home and try to begin the healing process. The government is offering compensation and opening grief centers in both cities thankfully. More than that they cannot do.
Why can't the government just admit? The plane is stolen!!! Which captain in their right mind would say, "All right, Good night" and then turn off the tracking system and change the direction of the flight? What's the point of spending money and time to look for something over the ocean? They are on land. The people, I hope nothing bad happen to them, but the plane is stolen and probably taken apart by now.
Mark: The captain might have not been In his right mind. It's happened at least twice before.
sadly, that's beginning to look like the truth--the sanity of the people with whom we entrust our lives. .
Ah money is there anything it can't do?
There is more evidence to believe plane landed somewhere than that plane crashed somewhere in my opinion based on facts given. How about North Korea, Vietnam or some other communist country who do not allow survelliance planes in their terroritory etc..?
There is precisely none evidence to believe the plane landed somewhere.
You don't need surveillance planes when you have satellites. Go look at a Google map of either of those two countries.
It would be weird if, years from now, the found all those passengers on some remote island.
I was thinking Asian "Lost" but Gilligan's Island works for me.
When you don't know Jesus as your personal savior, then death is frightening, you are bereft of hope. You have no peace when a loved one dies. When you are a Christian, you have the peace which passeth understanding. When you are a heathen, death and hell await you. This is why the missionaries braved the world of darkness, in order to bring the good news of Jesus to these poor lost souls.
Its sad so many disappeared without a trace but life goes on and we must always live in the present and the future. Looking back without accepting what happened is the cancer of life. I hope they get closure but they must move on with their lives.
I do not believe the aircraft has crashed. Probably stolen for a greater event. such as DC. Why were all these countries searching so diligently for a civilian aircraft ? Think about it.
Its a dumb thought. It would be easier to buy a plane than to steal one with 200 passengers.
Has anyone exsplored or investigated cell phone records from passengers on board who had in the possesion a smart phone. All smart phones have GPS installed and furthermore keep track of where a person has gone in the past even down to specific addresses and stores that info in data bases etc..????
No, they haven't, and that's another thing that irks me. In 'Fact, they haven't followed up on a LOT of leads......like, in the beginning, when the CIA was going over the Pilots' at home flight simulator, WHY was he, the Pilot, practicing landing a huge plane, on a small island? Notice how that information quickly got swept under the rug?
Yawn.... hello conspiracy theorists. How much signal do you actually reckon there is at the bottom of the Indian Ocean?
Dee: No evidence that the pilot was practicing landing on a small island. The FBI (not the CIA) went over the simulator with a fine-tooth comb and found nothing out of line.
Because it not true Dee...and Cell phones require towers to operate
They've been there for a month? Doesn't anyone work anymore???
This is long overdue, and should have happened two weeks after the plane went missing. While I feel for the families, the drama from the chinese families has been over the top.
And I feel like you're just another money-grubbing republican.
their behavior is not as stoic as westerners expect.
@Joe the gop and the tea bags are too far left for me to take seriously... @a stoicism is not the issue, it is the conspiracy theory that it is a plot against them to hide the victims that I have issues with.
The British said they tracked it, the Australians said they found it, and the Chinese say they heard the pings. But the Malaysians are the ones called irresponsible.
I feel so bad for these families, but be realistic...go home and back to your families and friends... there is nothing you can do there.. the plane will never be found...
I have no personal connections with anyone who died on the plane. But I demand compensation for my loss!!!!!!!
What is the reasonable amount of time to continue looking for answers in Malaysia. I personally believe that the time has passed. To mourn, I think we all continue to as long as we have to, but to sit in a foreign country when almost two months have passed seems excessive.
I think it's time for obozo and the admin and whatever other country's are involved in this #$%$ to come clean now, we know it never crashed but was landed,thats a given but what of the passengers? eventually it will be leaked out so they may as well come clean about it now
So your saying Malaysia Airlines is going to pay out money for nothing?
It's been 2 months and every right thinking person will know that the airline cannot be responsible for housing them forever. It really pains, but they have to move home.
They also suggested that they not fly.
This whole incident reeks. There is way more to the story than what we've been told. Flight 370 hasn't officially crashed it has "disappeared". No witnesses, no wreckage, no bodies. It's safe to assume that something doesn't add up.
Talk about ignorant. The plane can't be found because it's at the bottom of the ocean. Terrorists learn how to fly planes on simulators. No way, they know how to control the plane below radar level.
happy trader- never has a plane softly landed on the ocean's surface, and peacefully sunk to the bottom of the ocean. It just doesn't work that way. The fact that it's never happened leads many to believe that it didn't just suddenly happen, for the first time....EVER...with this plane. How can you call him 'ignorant' when he/she is just going off of facts and all the data from past airline crashes?
Aliens, drug lords, or government covert action. Those are your prime suspects.
How many of those care are under 3 miles of water
I absolutely guarantee you this aircraft will come back as a bomb piloted by terrorists.
And I absolutely guarantee that you are a total moron
They are actors the show is over, there was no plane and no real passengers hence no real families just actors.
Translated THEY ARE DEAD!!! Go home and we will pay you so we can move on and forget this ever happened. This is what the airline company really means.
As opposed to what? Having a press conference every time trash is found floating in the ocean? It's over. Maybe they'll find it, maybe not. It took over 2 years to find that Air France flight.
that all they CAN say, isnt it? eff these chinx, go home already
I mean, really. I can only imagine how painful it must be for the families, but a plane went down in the middle of the ocean two months ago…their loved ones will never be coming home. The airline cannot be responsible for housing them indefinitely. If they feel they have a case against it, carry on. But have a service or ceremony for the dead, and get back to life. There's really no other choice.
THE PLANE DIS NOT GO DOWN IN THE OCEAN ITS ON LAND SOMEWHERE
NO IT ISN'T YOU PARANOID BUFFOON. (BTW , you'll find the caps lock button on the left of your keyboard.....)
However painful it may be for the families it is time to move on. Life goes on.
It's a difficult situation for the Malaysian government. How can they sweep this under the rug if these family members won't go home?
If that's their intent, they've not any problem so far. Not a trace...
Malaysian Airlines BS, stay there or they will not do anything, we all know that if they go home the situation will go cold.
I feel THE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD know exactly where the plane is and I am sure it will be returned to America after it is filled with Bombs to Kill People, President Barrack Obama has Taught Me and Every American to NEVER Trust are show Any Respect to Any Person Islamic, Thank you Obama
Ronald this is not about Obama your face should be slapped red raw and your foot should be stepped on and broken
I'm thinking that some relatives are glad they had some relatives on the plane, that were probably annoying them for years and now they are doing the happy dance that they are hanging by Davey Jones locker. LOL
Shucks the free hotel rooms are going away, oh well they had a nice vacation while it lasted.
I really wish George Zimmerman was on that plane.
I don't blame them for sending those people home...IT'S TIME TO MOVE ON!!...(literally) Putting them up on hotels was a nice gesture but a bad idea because people take advantage of your generousity....especially people who are grieving. The best thing the Malaysian airport authorities can do is to cut the families of the victims all a reasonable check for their pain and suffering and then wash their hands with this incident. Asian's in particular will morn their ancestors indefinetly so trying to cater to their needs when their grieving will make you go bankrupt.
"Time to move on", do you have any idea how difficult that is for loved ones who have NO idea if there loved ones are alive or dead, they can not bury them because there are no body's, but, I do agree it is time for them to go back to their homes to wait this out. As hard as that will be. Always, TRY to imagine if that was YOU.
Annie you and Texas Ms are two very feeling people! living in China and having a Chinese family and knowing their deep rooted feeling of family, I would like to say to all the posters out there who have expressed their sorrow and feelings for their losses I know all those suffering would thank you with all their hearts, and I say thank you to.
Easy to say when it is not your family member. typical republican response.
@Nancy...I have lost plenty of people in my life who meant the world to me and I'm still doing just fine. There simply comes a time when you have to move on! This is not a political issue you idiot, it's a "HUMAN" issue. And as far as my political loyalty is concerned I'm not a republican I'm a democrat #$%$! But this isn't about politics you moron!
@ Sammy D. My condolences for the families of that tragic event but dude seriously these people need to move on now simple as that...."LIFE GOES ON!" Enough resources have already been exhausted into this, those people are dead, sorry for their lost...MOVE ON! BECAUSE THE WORLD KEEPS TURNING!! People fling to things too much including each other. As we are born thus one day we must all die this is "ecology" so then how come no one is ever prepared to accept death when we all know it is immanent for us all?! You don't give a damn about the lifecycle of the food you eat each day, you simply consume it for the nurturing of your body you don't think...."gee I wonder how this chicken lived and died before it reached my plate". Everything has a beginning and ending and once you understand that you can embrace death more easily without acting a damn fool each time a love one passes on. It's a natural cycle of existence life and death wither you die by natural causes or by some tragic accident we all should prepare ourselves for the day when we have to let go of the people and things we love.
Malaysia Airlines also said it would soon make advanced compensation payments to the relatives. Lose a relative hit the lotto... so that's how it works.... what happened to personal responsibility... no one was forced to ride a plane.... and sometimes accidents happen.
And there is responsibility and consequences too with accidents... DUH!!!!!
A US airline would never pay for the hotels to begin with. Malaysia Airline should send each of those who stayed a bill.
I recommend brand new ping-pong paddles for all the Chinese relatives. Ping pong relieves stress, helps the circulation, and takes your mind off Uncle Ying-Yang being fish food.
Malaysia Airlines : you think those families ENJOY staying at the hotels? in exchange for the lives of their beloved ones? Imagine if it is your own family members aboard that plane. It is Malaysia Airlines fault for not being able to give any answer to what happen.
No, it isn't their fault. They were not flying the plane, and the entire globe has participated in this search. No one is enjoying anything, but it is just extending the pain. They need to start to heal from what is clearly not going to change. The plane and their loved ones are gone forever. The vastness of the oceans has swallowed them up, and one day someone will stumble upon the remains. Hopefully in their lifetimes.
they should head home, but they also want to have their loved ones on the plane to go home together.
Yes, but given that is now absolutely and utterly certain not gonna happen, then, the just heading home is all that counts....
I pray to god that we don't have any more tragedies in Asia at least for the rest of the decade...tired of seeing pictures of the relatives totally losing it, is tiring (thrashing on the floor, grabbing poor spokesman's collar etc.)....they should learn from the west how to handle grief with dignity!
I can't phantom why these people are still holding on too false hope. Have a huge funeral and move on with your lives.
The word you are looking for is fathom. Not trying to be a troll.
It's because the plane, hasn't been found. Not even a shred of it has been found, the Malaysian Government appears to be hiding something, as far as the families are concerned and I'm beginning to agree. I agree they should go home but they are entitled to their hope.
Yes, "fathom" is the correct word in that particular context. However "phantom" might describe MH370.......... And I agree with J32T3R -- have a memorial service & return to daily life at home.
So very sad that almost 2 months later, nothing has been found. The families have to move on now and take care of their other family members who need them too. This mystery might never be solved.
these people dont have to move!!! if that was your family -are you going to let some idiot tell you to go home??? i wouldnt!!! and if they didnt like the inconvenience maybe they should have hired better pilots and have better equipment and have a better technology to actually find the missing people! this air line needs to be shut down!
At some point, don't you have to say enough is enough? I watched a documentary last weekend on a plane that wrecked in the Indian Ocean in the 80's. They found some debris and a couple of bodies right off the bat. It still took them a year to find the plane 1400ft underwater. Technology may have gotten better since then, but they also found debris in that instance. With this case, they have nothing. Why wait around in a hotel room for a year? I'm sure they will alert the families if/when any information comes across. I'm not saying this investigation has been handled the best from the start, but this could be a really long process. I think it's time to go home. It doesn't mean anyone is giving up hope of at least finding the plane.
In the 80's they was able to find some debris and bodies from a crash in the ocean? I didn't realize that. Wonder why we couldn't find a trace with such better technology. I believe the longer we go without any debris the better the chance it didn't crash in the water.
No they do not have to go home. But the free food, rooms and entertainment is over.
Juno that's right they should say go home and if you don't we're calling the police
I started to dislike these families when they started to like the media attention they were getting just a little too much.
your an idiot!!! who the hell wants that type of attention?? your a moron! shoot yourself!
LOL....no one wants payments...they just want ANSWERS and they want ACCESS to the information...how hard is that????
In another words, please pretend nothing happened.
No Bingo, but Terri is right, life goes on. I'm sure the people who were on the plane would not have wanted their loved ones to sit in some hotel forever. You need to accept reality and go back to living your life.
Terri & Rebecca grief and coming to terms with loss, does not work in that very cold hearted manner, as our history shows in UK. with Queen Victoria. and why we in UK have very expensive psychiatric service, unlike many countries in the world do not. It takes time, no matter how psychopathic you dream a country should be.
Len G, I lost a son last year in a car accident. Just because I didn't sit in my house for months doesn't mean I didn't love him, doesn't mean I don't carry the pain of losing him with me everyday, it doesn't mean I still don't cry because he is gone. I went back to work and went on living, that doesn't mean I am cold hearted. None of us are Queens or Kings that can ignore our obligations and still have jobs and an income.
Bingo please is not wanted needed or necessary it's annoying stop it and I MEAN NOW
its been 2 months, they need to move
Another Jew owned and operated Corporation !, money first.
Jesse, You are an idiot !
Anti-Semites are ugly people on the inside. Usually ugly on the outside too.
Hey Jesse, you know I once farted in your Arab mothers mouth?
I am catholic. The jews killed Jesus Christ !!
Jesse - So you're saying Jesus didn't come here to die for everyone's sins?
Jesus was a jew. born a jew, lived as jew, and died as a jew. Never anything but a jew.
Jesse - Again you are wrong. Jesus was a Jew. Also, since he supposedly came to die for your sins, what difference does it make who killed him?
they aren't home yet? I don't get it - I'd definitely be "in the comfort of my own home" by now - what is wrong with these people?
Malaysia to the families: "We've done our best to botch this investigation. So go home now."
That plane has landed intact somewhere...
Michael, If you are so sure, why don't you be a hero and go find this plane?
Landed and ...........by someone hates to be identified. Certainly not a terrorist group, they always identify proudly. So, WHO? WHY? Most of the passengers were Chinese. Who would want to aggravate China? Was there anyone special on that plane?
Everyone on that plane was special to someone.
There were the engineers and the "DEVICE" they invented.
I think it's landed somewhere, to much wasted time in the search, feel something disabled communication, very strange.
...but everyone on board is dead.
No it hasn't. IT crashed in a remote and deep part of the ocean. Simple as that.
Too late, "ALL options have" gone with the plane.
No tim. That is simply not ttrue. We can rule out that the plane is not on the moon. We can rule out taht it is not in Pakistan, Iran or Afghanist an since those areas are pretty heavily monitored. There are all kinds of things that can be ruled out.
Don't worry, y'all are gonna get paid. Just head on home now...
May the lost ones rest in peace and sincere condolences to their famillies
... did malaysia airlines offer a free flight "home".....
Wow, you are possibly the funniest person on this planet! How did you learn to tell such funny jokes?
The Maylaysian government should have been up front and honest anyway.I'm just glad it wasn't a North Korean flight.Kim Jong ii would just remind people he doesn't defacate.Must have a very bad bellyache.
Whoever downvoted my comment,I could care less.End of story.
They should go home. There is no reason to wait at this hotel any longer. Chances are their loved ones are forever lost. Pull up the big girl panties and go live your life. There is no other choice.
Sad, It could be a decade or two before the plane is ever found.
When will CNN send that Monty Python guy home, he is starting to get on my nerves
Try looking in Pakistan or Iran bet you find it that is why our government is saying nothing they know
That ocean is very big and very deep. We won't find the plane for decades to come.
shoulda looked north at one of the 600 runways that the news reported that were long enough to land this big plane. probably retrofitted with a big bomb by now. there is no evidence in the ocean so the plane must be on land.
read a newspaper or watch a news program once in a while.
yea I read the news. Saw a report about an "identical" plane that landed in Israel. Too bad the picture was dated 6 months ago. You and Ed may wanna stock up on tinfoil
well then, since you seem to know everything (but clearly do NOT), show me the plane. show me ANYTHING after weeks and weeks of searching. things FLOAT from a plane. nothing. nada. it simply isn't there. warm milk and bedtime there jj.
gimme mo' thumbs down! reading all my posts? hope ya like 'em!!!!
Out of sight, out of mind.
Time to move on and face the reality that the plane is gone and may never be found
Please go home now as we don't want to spend any more of our money putting you up, were sorry we screwed things up so horribly bad that we will never find your loved ones but it's time to move on...........That's pretty much what Malaysia is now saying to these grieving families, WHAT A JOKE!!! This entire investigation is a joke, they know what happened and clearly are not going to admit it, freaking jakoffs!!!
at the end of the day Malaysia Airlines is just another corporation worried only about profits and their image... oh and for the "were sorry we screwed things up so horribly" part... I don't think they are sorry at all... remember corporations are sociopaths incapable of feeling empathy...
They will never ever find that plane
I just checked my back yard. Nope it's not there. Sorry.
Jimmy Hoffa will be found before this plane
It shows you how behind this world is when you can't find a plane.
It just reminds me how big this world actually is, and how much of it is still unexplored and charted.
What? These people are still waiting at the airlines?
There is just nothing good about this - nothing!
Boy this stinks..... So we have a airliner with uninterruptable autopilot installed on it "disappear" , but kept flying....... I'm sorry but in a post 9/11 world 1+1=6 not 2, because this is what media tells us.
Sounds like you know what happened to the big bird. What should the media be telling us?
That Boeing aircraft have uninterruptable autopilot systems on them since 2009.
Any time you board an airplane there's a chance it could crash. Nobody told these people to use Malaysian Airlines. It was an ACCIDENT. Everybody's always looking for someone or something to blame. Even if you get a billion dollars from the airline company, it ain't gonna bring your loved one back. Sorry, but death is part of life. Sooner or later everyone dies. You mourn and remember and then move on. If you don't, they YOU die.
bob, thanks for the correction, its little people like YOU that make the world what it is, MORON!!!!!
i doubt there was even a plane. you tell me they can read our text, but cannot find a plane that would float of something broke off? oh and the black box battery is almost dead? BS they can pinpoint the surface of the ocean and give you a map of what it looks like using sonar, yet they wont see a plane at the bottom? please
go home, get over it, its been a couple months.....I thought you asians were supposed to be sharp and smart
wonder if you'll accept the same advice if it was one of your family? I think not... "Dave 2014"... just another one of Yahoo!'s many, many blowhards.....
kahlua, so you would stay at an airport hotel for over 2 months waiting for your family member to come walking in the airport after a crash......grow up cupcake
that's not what you said in your first post.... you told them to 'get over it'.....if someone said that to you over a family member, you would punch them in the face.... yeah sure I'll grow up, if you stop being such a windbag.....
2 months, get over it and go home
They are shark poop by now.
Very DISRESPECTFUL :( what if this was ur family or loved one.
I guess I would bury some shark poop.
As sad as this situation is they have to return home to their lives and jobs. The next six days will be two months. They is no hope of finding that plane or anyone alive.
Why is it I never see or read an article about this flight, and no cell phone calls were made by any passenger? Passengers didn't know the plane turned around? They didn't know something was amiss? Look at all the cell phone calls of 9/ll ? Where are the passengers with ipads? the internet? cell phones? laptops?
Return home. Try to find solace. my condolences to you. By now, If anyone survived, it's a miracle. By now, everyone would be shark feed!
way to try to take free money from airline. I did not know they were put up in a hotel. why are you not at home working and making money for your family. So you are waiting for a dead body really. get real. they are dead move on and stop wasting airlines money. they should never have put them up. this might be the most idiot thing I have ever heard of
What! Your company, flew "MY LOVED ONE" somewhere, you are the owner of the company, and have no idea of where they are. You go home mother******! You apparently can't get the job done in your office! Got to be kidding me!
CRAZY !!! What happen to that plane!?!?! Did you know they have a satellite picture of the plane 5-7hrs after they lost contact with it? #$%$ was going on in that plane?
Ok I am officially over this thing!....Your loved ones are dead!..They are not going to magically appear unharmed!... Get on with your lives!....I am sorry for your lose, but it is over!....If their bodies turn up we will call you!....
But the thing is their bodies probably won't turn up at all. If the plane sank, which it did, then the people are probably still inside the plane. In which case they will decompose rapidly in the water. It is sad. But it is the truth. Living in false hope is not helping anyone.
No, You incompetent, mudafunking pos should go home.
so Malaysian airlines had to foot the bill for hotel stays and round the clock food service, and who knows what else. it's way past time they go home. maybe they'll find the plane, maybe they won't.
I still say this plane was hijacked there is a lot more to this story
there maybe but for now this story is over....
A lot more that our government overlords don't want us knowing about. When retired General McInerney said his sources reported a strong possibility that the plane was hijacked and landed, the media launched a concerted effort to discredit him. Yes, their is way more to this story.
yeah and Malaysia Airlines should find the fawking jet...... i guess we are all at a loss
This story totally reminds me of "Lost"
It's time to move on. Get over it or live the rest of your lives wallowing in self-pity. I'm done feeling sorry for these people. They're just trying to milk the media attention now.
If this had happened in America, or any number of other countries around the world, the families would have been at home the entire time, getting their information mainly from the news like the rest of the world. No free travel to the search area, no free motels, no free meals, no advanced cash, no money to keep bills up... these families have no idea how unbelievably, incredibly well they have been treated!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My heart breaks for these families but their loved ones are gone and there is no hope now
I can imagine what the families are hearing, " Malaysia Airlines is sorry that we can't find your loved ones who boarded our plane. Here's $175,000. Good riddance!"
How do you say shark food in Chinese?
have hillary talk to them, who cares
You go now! You been here 4 hours! You go now!
Sorry, but they are DEAD. Why are you hanging around?
"advanced compensation" for what? Things happen....why must someone always be blamed or pay a price?
Insurance payouts and whatnot. There actually are rules for this stuff.
Wait till you see how cheap the airlines are with "compensation"
Its best that they go home there not going to get news for a long while its going take probably years to see what really happened
daquella-- the answer is simple-like you---- get a job and stop breeding like a cow.
or head to Africa and the samolian pirates tell them to let them go
wonder how much money per victim? just thinking...not a hater....
Without a trace... this pretty wild, just like Twilite ZONE I feel so bad for those that have no closure to these deaths.
I wish someone would go after the real criminals in this farce (and we all know who it is - follow the money...)
Where are the Chinese 2/3 of the passengers. China wants to be a world leader...time to step up to the plate there Hop-Sing!!
I still think that plane is tucked away for future use. I think the next time we see that plane, it will be hanging out of the side of the new World Trade Tower in NYC. Which, BTW.... is set for its grand opening this year.
CNN will milk this now for 3 years!
It's time to rest at home, because I feel it's going to take a long time before they learn about what happen to the airplane and 239 people ? All I can say is God be with you all "AMEN" and "GOOD LUCK" ! ! !
Of course they should go home because they know that they are not going to find the plane. And not because it crashed in the ocean but because it DIDN'T crash in the ocean! Stop playing with these families and going on wild goose chases KNOWING that they're not going to find it!
Life goes on. Sad, but true.
about time. The poor acting has become annoying.
WHINING CHINESE SHOULD HAVE BEEN SENT HOME WEEKS AGO. YOU CANT GET INFO ON A MISSING PLANE SO GO AWAY TILL IT IS FOUND, IF IT EVER IS.
I'm pretty tired... I think I'll go home now.
How do you say "lost at sea" in Malaysian?
my heart breaks for them.... I'm hoping that they find the missing plane so everyone will at least have closure... I cannot imagine and don't ever want to go experience of what they going through. Love from USA
First tell them where the fricken plane is located.
That will happen on the very next cold day in hell.
does anyone know if australia stopped searching? they stated they would continue until hell froze over.
Says right there in the article, the Subs is still looking. Just the surface searches have stopped since they are pretty much useless after this amount of time
i stopped reading the articles they blabber on with so much #$%$ its worthless to read them anymore.
The guy in the back with the white T-shirt is shouting "HEY THAT SON OF A #$%$ OWE ME $5 GRAND, HE/S NOT GETTING OFF THAT EASY". The lady in the front is shouting "HE OWES ME ALMOST 2 YEARS OF BACK CHILD SUPPORT"
mh370 patent ....... just goooogle it
And see all the conspiracy theories on the net....Just because you can Google something doesn't make it real, it just means there are idiots out there who don't understand Occams RAzor
No payment will bring their love ones back. Plus it looks like they are throwing in the tile!!!
Basicly, go home, were not paying anymore....will phone you when we find anything...and ps, a check is in the mail.
I don't understand the American psyche that every accident has to be a windfall for the survivors. Our days here on Earth is pre-determined; no lives for ever. Have the loved ones died of natural causes instead of in an accident, then they would get zero, zilch, nada. It was not the airline's fault that the plane went down. I don't think that it should be liable until proven otherwise.
Why won't the Islamic's return the Plane ?
two months free stay in a hotel and the free t-shirts...what more do these people want??? get back to work ffs
HEY! I found the aircraft with a no tech device, a cherry dowsing stick, now I want my name mentioned Bill6654
A jet liner the size of a football field with hundreds of floating objects such as life jackets and floating seat cushions; and yet NOT a single pieces was found! Something fishy here!!!
GEEEZE.....GO HOME...they are DEAD.....deal with it.
YES - go home and start building your bombs
Good lord they are still there? Maybe they should go home and at least take a shower.
Don't these people have jobs!?!? I wish I could take off work and sit around a hotel for six weeks!
"... to wait for news on the search for the missing plane." The inept circus clowns tell the audiences, go home and wait for the finale
Holidays over people..... MAS no monies pay bills liao.... Back to work.
I believe that this is plane is not to be found in our lifetime. Somewhere in the distant future, with new means, it will be found. Just not today. Look at what we're finding now in the deep that has been lost for centuries.
Hey...They're all dead and gone. Get over it. Should have gone home a long time ago. They will never find it so get on with your lives. Go out and buy a puppy but don't make dog foo yung out of it.
Lets say, you wipe that stupid smirk off your face, and get tha f(u)ck home, and let someone better looking have your job.
go home, move along, nothing to see here....
Perhaps they should be looking somewhere in the middle east......
Pilots and Co Pilots for MH370: Wee Gao Bai Bai Wong Wei In Tu Da Wah Ta Yuno Cee Plen
No plane, no passengers, paid actors=HOAX!
yeah right.... these families are going to milk it!
yup room service and free cable
So sick of whining asians...worse than je\/\/s these days.
Malaysian Airlines: "Yeah, all you family members should head on home. We have this covered!"
I wonder how many have home to go to, knowing many are very dependent on their relatives to provide that home. Not to ignore that many unscrupulous landlords in those far east countries will be more than willing to put their belongings onto the street.
Tick tock job done by malayasian air as the story fades get the families home all nicely wrapped up.so after weeks of lies and stalling tactics no truth! Just face saving lies and nothing for these poor families to give a decent burial to.malayasian air have managed to con the rest of the world . but who or what was on this aircraft
In other words go away and stop being a nuisance.
They need to get on with their lives.
Terri what lives? do not forget many will be very dependent on these relatives and loved ones. Your comment actually shows how ignorant you are of our blessing to live in UK.
It could be a huge insurance scam
Sorry folks, the free board and lodging courtesy of MH owners are over. But trust the clowns no effort or $$$$$$ will be spared to continue the search efforts. Unfortunately the clowns prefer to spend their $$$$$ millions elsewhere rather than on the ungrateful Cinas. At least the Angmo will shake Hisa's hands warmly, say nice words and are courteous, something the ungrateful Cinas failed to exhibit inspite of the free board and lodging provided by MH owners for so many weeks.
It should have done since long time ago, they can be contacted in their homes and be brought to a special venue only when to update, certainly they are taking advantage.
Why want to go home...free stay in hotel, food in restaurant serve up to you...maybe free laundry too and yet no need to work...this is a luxury compare back home.
Then the ah tiongs have to wait long long for that to happen. Why, they expect the malaysian govt to continue with the free board and lodging?? Wake up. All good things will have an end. Go home.
These ppl should just get on with their lives with the millions $ payout. Any other accident you get nothing. U don't see the Korean ferry diaster with also hundreds dead get anything near the $.
To the greedy ah tiongs, you give them a yard and they will demand for a mile.
You should have sent these ungratefool prasites home long ago, took all what they wanted and still crying foul. They have collected the money, insurance and still have cheek to degrade the Malaysian authority. Make them pay for their own pasage home. There were so many cases of plane getting into accidents and next of of kin didnt cry like this chinkos, threaten to commit suicide go on hunger strike etc. The Malaysian govt. had given them too much face and pampered them.
So the verdict: Malaysian Govt seems kinder than Singaporeans to the Tiongs.
Mack. Simply throw their belongings out of the hotel....knowingly, they (PRC) will not leave on their own accord. Free food and lodging and no work.
@Chung, actualy only a small percentage of PRCs came. Most still wanted to stay on in China. So still got hope for PRCians.
shouldn't be the full responsibility and ownership for the MH to bear all cost until the body are found?
Franz. Don't be stupid. It not the first plane crashed...the Air France which crashed into the ocean many years back took 7 years to be found. You mean..the PRC will stay 7 years in KL hotel and enjoy life.
This Franz must be a parasite kookoo..
The Malaysian government already tried their very best to accommodated everyone in this very unfortunate situation
Have they ? If so they have neglected many other issues of responsibility.
@Len G doesn't mean they go back to China means Malaysian govt neglect responsibility. At least Malaysia Govt even arrange for them to come to KL to stay and wait for news. If it was Tiong govt?
ki ki ku ki ki or tok ketleng long time alreadi Tim :(
@Ah Beng, huh??? @Ryan of course, Malaysian also getting fed up like us Singaporean of the PRCs
Hey Guys...I feel there is no point to keep banging on the door. Staying there for another month will not change things...except more undies and time spent. I really believe they should go home for work and BLAH BLAH. I am wondering how much tears these people have????
this will be mystery forever. think china ppl not easy to convince them to go home.
The only approach they know is the hard one. No point talking to them, it is talking to the wall. These fockers are so thick-skinned that they will did-die want to remain in Malaysia for free hotel stay with food and no need to work.
These peoples just want to stay in hotel room with aircond/heater, have a good nice food bfast, lunch and dinner, and have a relax in warm water hot tub...
as they should, Malaysia Screwed this UP, Bigtime. They should have hired White Anglo Saxon Pilots and paid them well.
Malaysia Airlines: MH370 families should head home Najib wants to sweep the matter under the carpet Or Najib doesn't want to host these MH370 families? It's kacang compared with what he pockets... LOL
enough is enough for the relatives !...2 months edi of free hotel , food ,.... you will be chased out or pay the hotel bill......! MAS 370 is diminishing attention... enough is enough ....
The ending is truly unsatisfactory......................MH370 will be a mystery for a long time ..............before the culprit jump out to clear the air................
until when they want to take advantage on us ?
This fellows no need work is it? everyday sit in hotel eat free food. if it was singkingpore they will say come back work or we replace you with talented foreigners.
Really? Blue Hammer, you think its a good deal? Lose a family, and you get to 'everyday sit in hotel and eat free food'?
@Blue Hammer actually Yahoo news abit slow. According to Malaysia News and Local China Embassy in Malaysia news, some of those families already ownself gone home long ago. They said need to work too.
Blue hammer shame on you for that kind of comment.Imagine if your family in the flight of MH 370.And till now no news?How would you be?Learn to understand other human being..It is so difficult when you loose are love one..How would react if you loose someone whom you love?That is the same way this people are..
@Blue Hammer, are you willing to kill your loved one just to get free meal?
well done Malaysia for youR good hospitality i dun think so qther airline keep this parasite for so many day MALAYSIA BOLEH TELL THEM BALIK KAMPUNG LA.
tiongs will do anything for a free meal. u can see for yourselves what they are doing here.
MAS not only lost MH370 ,but paying millions to the next of kins is making Malaysian leaders shameful ....................