The quick, the dead, and the ugly I called my son from Amsterdam To come home in our native land He was murdered in Ukraine farm. Big bro rushed to catch the gang, He was quick to sniff like a hound, Accused his rival of killing my son. Little sis lost her way to chinatown, She vanished, nowhere to be found. She's last seen in Big bro's bound, "No, I saw her going in Aussie pond." So Aussie did for a loop in his pond Albeit a long sorts, sis wasn't found Big bro's pal saw a bra in his island, They're sure it is her padding brand "Little sis wore that signature brand." Then they said they aren't that sure, How can I take back my own words. Big bros, thrice you made me a fool.﻿
what do those conspiracy theorist have to say now? they are all full of it! They always comes up with some stupid theory as if they are the only person in the know when major events come up ...... adopted by aliens, landed in a hanger somewhere ready for attack on the US, ... they are all just stupid!!!
They should also be searching the African coastline beyond Reunion. My guess is the bulk of the wreckage that floated will have washed up there. Reunion is a very small target.
If the original round of conspiracy theories wasn't enough, these findings have created a whole new chapter. I personally don't know anybody that is a conspiracy theorist but I'd just love to sit down with one and see if their mind is normal in every other way.
It's clear that those clowns get their jollies by convincing others that they are the only true source of information, which comes to them via the voices in their heads when they are not wearing their tin foil beanies.
Instead of hysterical grief and blaming it might be good for the families of the victims to channel their energy into airline regulation that requires 'full time' redundant GPS pingers for ALL commercial airliners. $60K per airliner would have solved this within a few days, 17 months ago. That said it is always horrible and hard to deal with loss of someone, loved ones. Somehow we find a way to move ahead. If you find you can't, grief counseling really does help.
Honestly, if my wife, child, parents or siblings were in a plane that disappeared, I can't imagine the amount of pain and agony I would be going through. I would not think about channeling my energy to have redundant GPS pingers, I would be thinking about my family members and wanting answers. After more than a year with no anwers, I would be angry and hysterical too. Grief is a horrible thing to experience and I feel for them. I understand your point of redundant GPS pingers, but people who are in charge of Making planes and airline authorities should definitely channel their energy and make it happen because they can.
You prick. They are in anguish and all you want is to tell them how to grieve so your life can be better? Go to hell.
@Brandon, you going to raise the dead?
MH370 has redundant transponders. They were turned off. Without the ability to turn them off, it would be like having a toaster in your house with no fuse, next to two rooms full of jet fuel.
A FULL-TIME Transponder in the tail that can not be turned off and self-ejects with a buoy on water contact. And phones home on ejection. Imagine the time, money and grief savings.
Recently a well known China hater got the cheeks to claim that China is behind the diaspperance of MH370 as there were a number of passengers on that fated flight with confidential advanced technology secrets stolen from the US whom the Chinese government wanted to kidnap. What the stupid axxhxxe failed to say is why China needs to make the plane "disappeared" in order to kidnap them since they were on the plane to Beijing anyway? It's as stupid as the would-be robbers asking the policemen whether they can borrow their patrol car to rob a bank.
Just another of thousands of conspiracy theories JM, don't get your panties in a bunch over just that one.
More of a stupid lie than a possible conspiracy theory.
Thats not it. Bert Campbell was at the helm.
To me, all conspiracy theories are lies because those that promote them believe wholeheartedly that they are true.
I beg to differ on that assumption. You see not all conspiracy theories are lies. Some have elements of truth or logic in it such as the conspiracy theory on who are behind the creation of the ISIS group of terrorists. Whereas in that hater's post, it was plainly a clear cut lie.
Hello. Several posters have made mention of "remains" or "bodies". After 17 months, unless the corpses are in very deep water which is at 34 degrees C, there will be NO remains. There probably will be some intact corpses within the airframe in deep water, or lying loose on the sea bed. Any corpse which was dispersed by the crash will be long gone due to normal decomposition and/or feeding by scavengers will have consumed any corpse which may have been "loose" (floating on the sea) within days of an initial crash.
You are correct, they will not find any bodies
Doesn't matter if the corpses were floating or not--they're fish food.
OOPS. I apologize for an error in my initial post. I had not had enough coffee. Correction: 4 degrees C, and approx. 38 degrees F, is the temperature at which water is 'most dense', and sinks to the bottom. That is the temperature of deep water. At that temperature there is minimal decomposition and/or bacterial activity. Sorry for the error.
Sometimes Asian culture can be pain in the #$%$ as their expectations is beyond logic especially this case... Bodies will decomposed from time and eventually left nothing but bones where it will sink to the ocean floor... So if there is "bodies" remain it wud be just few strains of hair...
Whk want to know all these datails ?
I am now looking at a chart for the Indian ocean. The average ocean depth is 4,267 meters. It is 413 atmospheres. Temperature is near 0 degree C. In the Diamantina Trench, Indian Oceans deepest trench at 8,047 meters the pressure is 798 atmospheres. The temperature is near 0 degree C. Food is scarce at this depth. Mostly snails and eels dominate the deep parts of the ocean.
No bodies intact at such pressure at such depth !
My sisters son was in a chopper crash in hawaii in 1976 , they didn't find his body till 3 days later , he was Bloated and discolored and had to be Cremated because he wouldn't fit in a casket. The body begins to decay immediatly upon death. Water Submersion makes it go all the faster. Nothing would be intact under water after 16 months , even in deep water. With all the Garbage Barges that take trash out to see , this could very well just be old junk.
This is all so dis tasteful to me. It just makes me more determined to encourage People to CREMATE all and any remains, Humans or Pets. Why Anyone wants to be buried (almost) intact is a mystery to me. It is just dead flesh and decomposition is distasteful. A lot of People feel the same but are afraid to part with Tradition". I am so SORRY for all the Families of loved ones in all Plane crashes and Accidents, may they all RIP! In this case of drowning, it is extremely sad...
Barbro: I had recovered between 25-30 drowning victims during my career. Many were not very pretty. It is a necessary part of the job. It may be 'distasteful', but it had to be done. Plus, we gave the families closure
So for the sake of physics, if I fart in the bathtub and the water temperature is say 72 degrees, will the bubbles float to the surface faster than say if i ripped a few in colder water? In conclusion and henceforth, it would appear my mathematical formulas reflect what my computations have proven....that I know nothing about water density.
Bodies should have washed up on beaches within days of the crash, if MH370 did crash. Floating seat cushions, cargo, luggage, parts of the aircraft, and debris should have washed up all over the place. There should have been a warehouse full of debris washed up on beaches, if MH370 did crash. But in fact there is nothing. No floating seat cushions, cargo, luggage, or debris---nothing.
Your remarks/conclusions are totally off. People were strapped to their seats, and the fuselage broke up and sank. The plane itself may have disintegrated on impact depending how and at what speed it hit the water when it ran out of fuel. As it is, one part of the plane took over a year to wash up on Reunion island. Go back to your drawing board & get real.
It wasn't a "crash", it was a controlled ditching. And he pilot's window will be missing along with the pilot.
@Greg- Guess most people have no sense of humor. It was funny.
Within days, debris, floating seal cushions, cargo, luggage, and bodies should have washed up on beaches all over the place.
Sorry, I should not have said dis tasteful, maybe we didn't need all the details...
From the footage I've seen there are a lot of personal effects washed up on the shoreline. I wonder if it is that way all the time with normal garbage or if much of it is from MH370. I wouldn't be surprised if the wreckage is closer to Reunion than they think.
Wouldn't a map have been in order in such a report, where locations are being talked about and geography is central to the 'plot'? Sure, I can look up Google maps but good reporting should make relevant information like this available right in the report. This is true for most articles - it is very important and interesting to a reader like me to know where something happened.
Sure, the Malaysian government can be insensitive to the families and rushed to conclusion with most of their announcements but I'm not sure how they can be seen as liar, as claimed by the victims' families. It is understandable that some of the families will not accept that the plane crashed into the ocean unless bodies are found, but the chance of finding a body after all this time is not reality.
These relatives wanting bodies need to be counseled and have reality explained to them....there will never be bodies, and that is not the fault of Malaysian airlines it's just fact. They all should have had grief counseling and had all of this explained to them. It's sad that they are all so misled and so ignorant.
Denial is a powerful emotion and without hard proof I can see why some would rather believe their loved ones are still around.
The family members should now begin to have a closure as the plane's flaperon has been identified. The Australians have been proven correct as this plane drowned off the coast of Western Australia.
People want skeletons with Dental records for verification of who they found.
@Glenda what you said is true, but will never happen. Thinking that's what you meant and why 2 thumbs down, otherwise no clue.
This time round it is more credible than searching south of the Indian Ocean off Western Australia. Reunion Island is in the same locality not far from Diego Garcia, the top US Military Air Base. Much speculation on cloak and dagger episode on the missing flight has been speculated during the early days which the parties involves has turn a blind eyes to it and now it seems if the find in Reunion is accurate then there is some merit in what has been speculated otherwise how do one explain a flight from KL to Beijing could have ended up in the opposition direction in the Indian Ocean in that locality. Only if they have search Diego Garcia and it's vicinity earlier instead of wasting time in the South Indian Ocean much heart ache of the love ones of those victim can be spared.
This conspiracy theory and nonsense about Diego Garcia island needs to go away yesterday! It is all ridiculous and has only tortured and hurt the relatives of those lost almost as much as the crash itself hurt them. Conspiracy theories exist only to feed peoples need to feel different and more important than they actually may be, more special.
We all know by now that the plane crashed. Now that we have physical evidence that should give families of those on board some closure. Now if they can find the plane and some how find the black boxes maybe we can get some idea of what caused this to happen.
There should have been some bodies washed up somewhere, along with floating seat cushions and debris, if MH370 did crash. But nothing washed up anywhere.
Anxiety, Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Grief then Acceptance ... the progress of the grieving process. I hope for closure so that the families can move forward from this tragedy.
I agree, "There is no conclusive evidence that this part belongs to the Boeing," said Ghislain Wattrelos, who lost his wife and two of his children on the flight. "It's not 100 percent (sure) like the Malaysian prime minister said." It just goes to show that Malaysia is trying to make a fool of the victim's relatives and it is not working. In fact Malaysia was led by the so-called experts in a very expensive wild goose chase in the South Indian Ocean based on assumptions that were faulty to begin with.
Not really. Just because some idiots in France said they are not 100% CERTAIN it's from MH370, that doesn't mean they are not certain it is; they can still be 99.99% certain it is, and that's still not 100% certain. Scientists will say they cannot be 100% sure of something until they do 100% of the tests available to do and they all point to the same conclusion, and that's what's going on here. These families just look for every reason to believe their loved ones are still alive when it's clear to the rest of us that they are all dead at the bottom of the ocean. I am certain the sun will rise in the morning, but I am not 100% certain it will because something could happen that would cause that not to happen
Yes there is conclusive evidence verified by Boeing the part serial number matched that used to manufacture the 777 in question.
"Now we know roughly where it might have crashed," he said. It will take another week for Marine Biologists results of the biological scrapings from the piece. The results will point to a location that I had pointed out in the beginning and got a lot of negative comments. 'It ain't over until the fat lady sings'.
Where did you say the the plane crashed?
Metalheadmortal. 3 weeks after it disappeared I sent my results to the Australians. They did not follow through, I have a copy of the mail. Next week the French will release a map showing where the organisms found on the flapperon are endemic to.
Actually the random flotsam kills on theory someone put out there a few months ago via Yahoo news where the plane did a perfect dive into the water, and vanished. With any luck now authorities can follow the debris back, and can find the main body of the plane with the precious flight recorders.:)
The family members are naturally heartbroken and scarred from this terrible tragedy, but I am not sure as to what they were expecting. The plane crashed a year and a half ago and there are no physical remains to be found, only pieces of fuselage and maybe some luggage. As sad as it is it's the cold reality.
Scientists will be the real detectives here that will solve this since now they have something to work with.
"Scientists have also said barnacles on the flaperon could indicate how long it was in the water, and perhaps where it had been." Somehow, I bet that they find out it has been in the water since it crashed. Unless of course, they are thinking another conspiracy theory that the plane was taken on land, then late,r parts were thrown into the ocean as a decoy. Yeah right.
If multiple parts are found, it would seem that the airplane crashed in a large area of the ocean that centered on this island not a thousand miles away. I don't pretend to know about such things but currents would not carry different debris of all sizes and composition from a thousand miles away to the same location. It would be logical that they would be more widely dispersed. Maybe the wreckage will be found if a large part of it survived the crash.
Best to treat the reports of "multiple parts" with a bit of caution for now.
Debris can be carried by currents thousands of miles away and 17 months is about right with the current speed, so it likely crash in or near the area they suspect. Remember we got Japan tsunami debris about a year later on the US and Canadian west coasts.
It's understandable the skepticism given Malaysian incompetence but there is indeed conclusive proof the part was from the missing aircraft. Boeing confirmed that. Just something new for the conspiracy theorists to run with to entertain themselves.
Hard to account for the indecision in establishing the facts based upon the evidence so far especially in the absence of alternative possibilities. We know no other 777's have crashed in this area. That and identification by Boeing leaves pretty limited explanations for the discovery of the flaperon.
Way to go - France. Seize the moment for flight MH 370 is the water around and about the island of Reunion.
"But some relatives who have consistently criticised Malaysia's handling of the crisis, particularly in China where most of the passengers were from, refused to believe the wing part was from the plane." They have science deniers in China, too?
Hope is what it's called; no bodies found (which is impossible), still hope. Fact is they all DEAD !
china is full of stupid people.
50 cent Chinese trolls are most stupid in China !
chinese eat their own fetus. nuff said troan. you are one of those fetuses that survived cannabalism.
The ‘flaperon’ operating lever is found dismantled, not impact damaged. The outboard nose rib fairing is found partially dismantled. Fastener holes of these items are clearly visible. The weight of water ingested through these holes can sink the ‘flaperon’ to ocean floor. For an item tossed around by ocean currents for sixteen months , the paint is still intact. It is a ‘beyond repair tagged’ structural scrap from a Boeing approved repair facility. Manipulation of flight MH 370 started before it took off and has not stopped even after sixteen months.
Thanks for keeping the conspiracy theories alive Mayampurath. And the source of your information was from where?
@Mayampurath, your comment is the most intellegent If the information you provided is true.
All experts were looking in wrong direction.
Maybe they are all LOST on an island with a smoke monster somewhere??? Something about this sad story has seemed a bit fishy from the beginning.
Turn off the TV and go outside!
I did not know that they were so many idiots in the world like the ones making comments on here. Some of the statements or insane.
With all the money the world spends on wars you think we would have better Search and Rescue capabilities... Just think - low flying drones going slow over the sea taking photos that could be crowd sourced on the net would have found this debris soon after the crash. Probably with the pinger still sounding. We could have found the plane and helped bring closure to the families and understand why it went down. This is really not that hard to do.
Another good use for a converted Mistral Warship - Search and Rescue and Hospital Ship manned by the world's doctors and nurses and merchant marine corps all working together for the goodness of humanity.
Zeph, I firmly believe that all that could have been done at the time was done at the time.
I do not doubt that Marc ... but next time we should be better prepared and learn from the failings of this tragedy. Especially since this and other parts of the world are poorly covered with flight monitoring systems. If nothing else every plane should be reporting status of flight controls, engines and position to a centralized database so we know where these flights are and their condition at all times. Kinda like putting locks on the doors to the cockpit after 911...
I also have proposed to SAR teams I work with in my community a similar proposal to drones in my original post. Except as a paraglider pilot I tried to work with that community. Putting cameras on on gear for Search and Rescue then crowdsourcing it to help find clues to those lost in the wilderness.
Like I said last year, a plane does not fly itself unless the autopilot has be programmed to a specific course.
Wait for the French investigators. Don't be so quick to believe the Malaysians. They have a vested interest in closing the books on this investigation.
Finding the wreckage will only fuel more speculation and questions. For those looking for answers there will be none.
The man who found that flaperon should have first called a tabloid and sold his story instead of giving it to the French.
It's a French Island , dummy
I thought you would understand that as I omitted the word authorities. He still could have contacted a tabloid.
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: Jerusalem: Carbon Copy of 911 2001: Obama Bin Laden resurrects from an ocean of discrepancies. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03 For REALITY: End Times Paradoxes: World's safest countries for christians as well as for more than half of whites Egypt since 2013 and tiny Maldives (both with a muslim majority) are two out of only three countries in the list where population is not being bombed by the nazi airforce with barrel bombs, splitter bombs and in Syria also chlorine. The third one is Bhutan (Buddhist). Rest of the list are liberated areas of - Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Libya, Somalia, Azawad (again muslim majority). - South Sudan, Central African Republic and east Congo (christian majority). BASICS Manhunt for non-whites is now starting in the white majority areas of the IV Reich. See: Wing Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing to be found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ Genocide of whites started with unborn, elderly and sick in hospitals years ago and about to be drastically increased with simultaneous and global compulsory vaccination. Goal: exterminate half of whites and 85% of non-whites. Compulsory vaccination alias vassassination: Why it was postponed again and again since 2009 (4th time added May 4 2014, 5th time added Jan 18, 2015) global-genocide.blog+spot. /2011/07/
They better find it all, or it can be looked at as incomplete being smoke and mirrors by terrorists.
Curious. Could be either a breakup or an evacuation. Time will tell.
I thought trash in the ocean clumps together? Thats cute we're seeing one piece of a wing.
Isn't the same beach that people are forbidden to go surfing and swimming due to the number of shark attacks? Me thinks there won't be much if any bodies recovered.
Sharks can't open cabin doors and swim in, eat the passengers, and swim out. What a thinker you must be.
Trapp, You really think that the plane crashed, stayed in one piece and the doors stayed closed? What a thinker you must be.
Do us a favor and don't reproduce!
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: What was originally scripted for May 2, 2014 and illuminati were forced to postpone until now: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a 777: == The Obamessiah of the Obamanation of Desolation resurrects both "dead Osama" and the "missing Boeing 777". Most probably at Easter at the Holy Land, with his second and very last "terror attack using an airliner". Yet another parallelism, this time the illuminati anti-Bible about the resurrection of Christ. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
Dude..get help. I'm serious, they have lots of medication these days that may help and you need a lot of it and very quickly.
So we have proven what every one already knew, the plane crashed. Now lets move one to new news, Don't tell this story every day for a month.
The story is not over yet. Don't you want to know how and why it happened? Or is it just me?
Snip from the only page worldwide explaining what the "Headlines will be: "Reunion Island's Boeing wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370": Two gangs of illuminazi suicide bombers in action: - "Putin" and the fake rebels, used to stage MH17 in July 2014 and blame it on the real rebels while pretending to blame it on Ukraine government. - "Netanyahu" and the rest of Israel's government, used to stage the resurrection of Obama Bin Laden with a 9/11 remake at Jerusalem, again with pixels used to simulate the "missing" Boeing 777 crashing on Temple Mount. Talk of parallel scripts and Netanyahu detonating fake bombs to destroy Israel: FAKE attacks staged by Israeli gov, all nazo agents, to demonize jewish settlers and orthodox jews while diverting from reality. Suicide bomber Netanyahu stages FAKE blood: gays and palestinian baby burned alive by evil orthodox jews, settlers July 31, 2015 - Another episode in this series staged "coincidentally" as Boeing 777's wing transported from Reunion Island to France. Episode staged as usual in parallel, in this case supposedly against gays and the usual "victims", the "poor palestinian" children. Reality check: - Treasonous Israeli government expelled jews from Gaza 2005 and destroys jewish settlements in the West Bank. - across the border, in Syria, since Sept 2014: the elite of the nazi airforce alias "US lead coalition of 25 countries", officially shares the syrian skies with the mission's pioneers, Assad's airforce, mostly russian and iranian pilots. The only "change" ever since: an increase in the daily dosage of chlorine, splitter ammo and barrel bombs over women, children and elderly. ALL illuminati-suicide-bombers.blo+gspot.--- /2015/07/
This stuff is all obviously planted. The entire bunch - from the 777 flaperon that the French and Boeing still are not claiming came from the Malaysia Air flight - to this stuff. Too convenient for all these different types of things to wind up on the same tiny island, as they will float and move at radically different rates and in different patterns. Clearly planted. Probably from the Chinese government who own and operate hundreds of 777s in their various national airlines and which could be the source of that flaperon.
Vera of course has advanced degrees in engineering and has made her life's work the study of debris carried by ocean currents. That is why we should listen to Vera and not those people posing as experts in the media.
So why would the French gov't lie? LOL you're a moron.
This is obvious sarcasm directed toward the Chinese.
I guess you have just disproved the UFO theory.
Yes... Clearly planted.... "I don't want to live on this planet anymore"
Since parts of the plane is washing ashore slowly one by one everything is going to be washed ashore..this is the direction now the things from plane is coming out..since passengers might be tied up with seat belts it is hard for the corpse to come out, but search operations should finally find the plane! No more confusions no more theories this is the area to be concentrated.
I suggest you read other comments on corpses. Chances are they were destroyed within days by natural decay and elements. The probability that there would be one with their seat belt still on is somewhere between nil and zilch, and that's accounting for a 2% margin of error.
Maybe there are survivors on an island somewhere.
Carbon date the barnicle microbes from the salt water. The rest of the plane is in East Ukraine. Hijackes, shot down to cover evidence, then parts dumped. Putin-Now, about those picturesof it you claimed to have. You seemed way to confident with your claim. As if it were in YOUR POSSESSION
"They are little parts, but the debris cannot be verified if it belongs to MH370. It has to be verified by the French authorities," he said. lol, so you find a big part and validate it is the missing plane but the little parts could be from another plane and need to be "validated" Give me a break
They just need confirmation before they can officially say it's from the same airplane. Relax Pal.
They know, just like you we all know it is, but they can't say it officially until confirmed and doubled checked.
Just because part of the missing airplane has been located does not mean that it crashed or that it crashed near Reunion Island. Parts fall off airplanes from time to time.
Items planted for another cover up by the Chinese government.
All this "debris" talk only proves one thing. The Malaysian Authorities, for example this moron Transportation Minister, has learned nothing from the debacle that was their handling of the whole MH370 episode. "Window panes, aluminium foil, seat cushions", no,no actually "aircraft seats and windows" no,no just "little parts, debris that cannot be verified..." Really?? The incompetence, and continuing incompetence, is almost as much of a disaster as MH370 itself. Just shameful.
At the airplane of flight MH370 fuel was enough to land the airplane at the airport of Abdullahi Yusuf International (Somali) and save from the prison of the opposition leader of Malaysia. Aircraft Boeing 767, 777 can leave through a hatch "NO STEP". Its hydraulic drive in terrorist attack of genocide MH17 is open. All the evidence indicate thermobaric explosion from Mossad.
Oh please. Will the conspiracy theorists please be quiet? You're just embarrassing yourselves. It was pilot suicide.
When the suicide of pilots, the aircraft did not explode. Zionists-fascists could to deceive a pilot of "innocuous" hijacking (as of 9/11).
"it remained to be seen whether the items found on Reunion Island were debris from the missing Malaysian Airlines flight" No! We also need to know if they are there due to accident to the airplane or are placed there artificially to cover up something.
Not likely, but not impossible. Most likely the rest of the plane is not far out from shore. The airport runway is not far from there. The pilot may have been attempting to land there, in the dark, flying low under Radar, and dropped like a rock when he turned the autopilot off. Personally I think he got lost while flying roughly 6 hours at 200 feet above the water and heading to some predetermined destination. Knowing his fuel was low he saw the Island (on the 777 Radar screen) and decided to try landing at Reunion. Instead of using autopilot all the way to the runway, which a 777 can easily do, he turned it off and attempted a manual landing. Being that low does not allow for any errors. That was the end of his flight. We'll see.
Artificially cover up something? Stop watching TV.
I love when this proud arrogant deceitful world is exposed. "Nothing new under the sun" - Solomon. We live today in what is called the new Babylon. That is where the whole world unifies in language, technology, race, pride, democracy, and arrogance that there is no God or they can outdo God. Who do you think started it all and is the center of it?
Malaysia’s government can't be trusted to tell the truth about anything because they're Muslims and Muslims are incapable of telling the truth.
The Chinese government has been planting all these parts on the beach at Reunion, starting with a 777 flaperon taken off one of the many, many 777s owned by Chinese airlines. Submerged in water for many months to grow some barnacles and planted on Reunion Island by Chinese spec ops teams operating off commercial Chinese freighters heading to Africa.
and I thought it was the CIA that did that, hm.
it can be studied if these have been in the water the correct amount of time from when thus plane disappeared, so stop with the conspirasary theories
I am not a conspiracy buff, but it is kind of funny how this wreckage is finding itself on a island almost like it is being left by someone. Look at the above photograph and look at the grass. This does not seem too close to the beach. Next thing they will find is the pilots id.
Tin foil hat a little tight this morning?
What the hell is wrong with you?
That part was found on a beach and moved there silly Dan.
They were drug up shore, not found there. They were in the surf.
Drug is not the past tense of drag.
Supicious to say the least. Almost as if this stuff is being planted their, to draw our attention away.
From what? You idiot conspiracy nuts?
Based on your other comments, you were wrong then, curl, and you are still wrong.
That's the most asinine comment I've read yet. They are going to plant plane parts from a crash 17 months ago to draw our attention away from something that has been out of the news?!
Well its a good thing that "ONE MAN" was walking, otherwise with all the technical equipment and trillions of dollars from governments all over the world and billions of feet on the ground, we never would have found it.....
lol.............As Tom Carrey would say, "I like it a lot".
The plane crashed. It isn't still flying around somewhere.
Dumb question, can't they follow or "back track" the ocean currents which brought this debris to the island? Seems like there would be a trail of debris.
"Scientists have also said barnacles on the flaperon could indicate how long it was in the water" I think we know exactly how long it has been in the water.
If you do some deductive reasoning, the mystery is already solved. The rogue pilot did it. Any evidence will just confirm it.
nice gimmick maybe we are all controlled by highly intelligent robots after all
wonder if there are any survivors like Tom Hanks in castaway???
I think I see some plane parts in that beach picture. Have they checked those out?
Of course they haven't. "Hey, think those might be plane parts?" "Maybe, but let's instead of looking, let's go get some burgers." What a buffoon.
All I know is if I had been on that plane I'd hope it just blew up like the Space Shuttle so I didn't know a thing.
The moral of the story is don't get on a plane with a Muslim pilot.
Something stinks with this whole MH370 thing.
What mystery?Obviously it is all Obama's fault!(*~*)
there are always those who take things for face value
Responsible Govts are planting these parts of crashed plane to give families closure.Plane was abducted by the Aliens.
I don't understand the photos of the flap which shows it on a grassy field not a beach....??????
Should they have left it at the waterline vs. moving it up and away from the waves? Come on now!
IT WAS REMOVED FROM THE BEACH BY THE POLICE,DIDN,T YOU SEE THEM CARRYING IT FROM THE BEACH ?????????????
Stop letting muslim Terrorist become Pilots.
wonder why NSA and Boeing are so quiet all these time, they have the information and know full well where MH370 had landed (water or land)
"Where is my husband's body? " Consumed by the various dwellers of the oceans depth.
if this much stuff is ending up on this island, then why is there no plane or ships there trying to see if other things are floating their way there also, thus could help track down the whereabouts of this plane, my guess would be it is not that far away if this much stuff is ending up there
The fact that no floating wreckage was ever found proves this plane made a controlled water landing and remains in one piece , case closed !
Malaysia’s transport minister has said a Malaysian team on the French territory of Réunion has collected more apparent plane debris, including a window and some aluminium foil. But Liow Tiong Lai said he could not confirm the items belonged to Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, which went missing in March last year with 239 people on board. He said: “I can only ascertain that it’s plane debris.”
Stuff wasing up on shores, wherever, were ALWAYS going to be the answer to the questions. Instead of looking for a needles in a stack of needles....
Donald Trump could solve this mystery with just one execituve order.
There's always that "waste of money" guy. Everything is just a waste of money. You probably post that somewhere every day.
Well, now we know it's probably in the Indian Ocean . . . that's about as precise as it's ever likely to get . . . case closed, I guess?
"Hey Larkins, we need more debris scattered on Reunion Island. Make sure they find it this time."
Boy it sure is artificially freezing outside.....
Hope to solve the mystery, but they all dead !
Maybe someone could take a walk AND FIND THE WEATHER OBAMA JUST STOLE?
More proof that nobody will find the plane....the plane is going to have to find them...
From the sound of it, they are done looking for this plane. R.I.P
Can I buy a seat from the wreckage on E-bay? Bidding starts at $100 US.
Rumors China sub practiced the sea-to-air missile shot down the plane then shut-up. Chinese killed Chinese,. No sweat !
how can a plan with over 237 passengers on board be missing for over a year and all we see is window pane? someone kept it there or what?