- not only the "subhumans" (started with Jews in the III Reich, started with russian speakers in the Ukraine) ... - but ALSO anyone can be beaten in public, anyhwere from pedestrian streets to highways. Notes Ukrainian nazis in action In the city: Arresting anyone accused of being not enough nazi. =6sjxvf5G3Tw In the highway: stopping anyone for any reason to be arrested or simply beaten. Cutthroates from Aidar battallion beat up a woman in the middle of the highway to kiev Iiluminati forced youtube to hide the video after 2 days, because it had one million views. Armed "Student Nationalist Police" breaks into a lecture at Sumy University, supposedly looking for "Moscals" [Russian speakers] but in fact for anyone deemed not nazi enough. The test is as simple as this: students forced to sing the Ukrainian national anthem. Neo Gestapo: Glory to Ukraine! Glory to the Nation! Ukraine! Students: Above all! Neo Gestapo: Ukraine! Students: Above all! Neo Gestapo: Are there any Moskals among you? Sing the anthem! What are you laughing about? Are you a Russian patriot? Don't be shy! Sing it! =hb2WYk7nKwY BASICS ** das-vierte-reich.blog+spot
USA and EU: Neo Gestapo practicing mass arrests with IRS debtors, before the REAL DEAL starts - Why you never heard a word about it Answer: For the same reason that you never heard a word in illuminati media about Neo Gestapo practicing mass arrests in the Ukraine of anyone accused speaking russian, not to mention of anyone accused of not being nazi enough: total cotrol of the media. Only difference between USA/EU and Ukraine in the Ukraime there's no longer a difference to the III Reich:
i think they will find the plane one day, may just take the right specific tech, perhaps in the works just for this type of search/mystery, to be invented, put into use.
It's better to know where the guilt lies and that the guilty party will be punished. In the case of the suicidal pilot (Flight M370), he took down everyone with him and 'hid the plane' never to be found sounds like a plan. Satan destroys lives; GOD hates evil and saves souls. The mystery is those left behind have to deal with intense grief/suffering with missing their loved ones, too.
So, what's happening with MH17 & MH370 lawsuits?
I think it is pretty sleazy journalism for a reporter to even approach family members from MH370 and ask them how they feel about this latest one. OF COURSE they feel bad. It is disgusting what these vultures will do for a #$%$ story !
I was going to say the same. I am surprised that AP will post a garbage like this. and from a western journalist.
Certainty of death, or not knowing, which is better? Why do most think the former is better? Isn't death the worst scenario?
I would consider a loved one captured and being tortured much worse
Most people in ASEAN know what happened to the plane but too scare to talk publicly. Why PM of Malaysia is meeting and playing golf with projects, agreement or whatever deal signed?
Best Wish for families of MH370 victims. RIP for all on board
Let MH370 be recorded as lost and let the matter closed. Just like many ships & planes lost in Bermuda triangle.
Saying you are envious is really inappropriate and they must know these 2 tragedies are completely different. One is 30000 feet deep and the other is only 30 meters deep. One disabled their transponder, one did not. They need to speak with more sensitivity even though they may be in the same boat.
The idiot Muslim pilot was obviously incompetent!
you are a very very very bad man.
"mike" you are a very very very bad man.
Why are Asians so full of envy? They gots all the jobs, what more do they want?
First, the word "envy" is not appropriate in this headline. Second, I've read a few of the other comments. I don't understand how people can be so crude and callous as to make jokes about what happened with the planes or how they can say everyone should just forget what happened to the flights. What if it were your loved ones on those planes? Would you just "forget" it then? Would you make jokes about it? Shame on you.
This artical seems to lead people to blame the Chinese goverment.What the hell are you thinking?
I doesn't blame the chinese government at all. It says chinese officials have been watching the families
Some of these people seem to blame the Chinese government as being part of the mess. Conspiracy theory or whatever, the government does what it usually does. Though anything beyond surveillance is a bit insensitive.
I just can not believe that you all were brain-washed by your medias to believe the Chinese goverment has beaten and been watching those families of the victims groundlessly.
I think there are definetely questions as to why they are watching them. And why China is now trying to silence them
Empathy ? Envy ? at losing a family member or a loved one due to tragedy. Our media really has a way with words when people are grieving........NOT !
What kind of comparison is that ?
The sad end to the journey of passengers of 8501 is mirrored in the grief for families.. the families finding out and waiting for news and then confirmation it is the start to the grieving process ,. something which the families of MH370 cannot do and the void and gap in the finding of the plane will reflect in the void and gap for the rest of their lives.. 8501 was found near to where the plane went missing on map and last contact confirmed by the fisherman who saw the plane "fly low and into the sea and with a boom".. this reminds me of the reports in the aftermath of the disappearance of MH370 where fishermen report a plane flying low and into the sea in the Mallaccan Straights nearby where the last sighting of the plane actually was which makes me wonder whether the plane search is in the right place and hope that Imnersaat got their intelligence right
MH370, if there is no wreckage or bodies then nobody is dead
We can feel the pain and heartache of those affected family members. The grief and behaviour shown by family members of MH17 and QZ8501 is far more civilised compared to those displayed by the PRCs from MH370
@Lola .. I can empathise fully with the families frustration and grief from fights 8501 and MH17 the families were aware about the plane incident and the plane has been found in less than a week. For the families of MH370 the plane hasn't been found and there state of mind is compounded by frustration of not knowing and getting answers.. they are behaving no more badly than the average passenger flight that has been delayed or cancelled waiting for rescheduling but for them its waiting for information about an ill fate flight and the behaviour of some of the passengers including Chinese quite rightfully questioned the integrity of the government they sense something is wrong and missing and they are not being given full information..