They have not found anything yet because they are looking IN THE WRONG PLACE !! They SHOULD be searching in the Indian Ocean between Diego Garcia and Gan (Addu Atoll).I mean,why did the pilot spend time on his home simulator,rehearsing for landings at DG if he didn't intend going there ??And look at the passenger list ; important Chinese computer experts ? Wanting to defect ?? The only fly in the ointment is that attempting to even get NEAR to Diego with one's identity transponder switched OFF is an invitation to get shot down ! An airliner with its aft fuselage on fire was reported by several people to be flying over the Maldives ;I think that that's where it came down.
I think we can debate for 1,000 years whether it was an accident or deliberate terrorism, but there's not a chance in hell that the plane would be in the spot they are looking, which is essentially one of the world's most desolate spots, midway between Australia and Antarctica... There would be no reason for anyone (even a terrorist) to take it there... Most people would assume that, whatever happened, the plane will be found much closer to it's intended path... I've heard a lot of theories these past 10 months, including what would normally be thought of as far-out conspiracies.... (Diego Garcia, "Stan" countries, Russia, even aliens!!!) The problem is, even the "far out" theories seem more plausible than the official story... I wonder why none of them have ever been investigated ?
Usually I do not yell 'conspiracy', but this MH370 'accident' is beginning to bother me. If this plane really dropped from the sky into the ocean anywhere, then SOME debris would have surfaced over the last 10 months, no? I mean: the ocean is full of floating #$%$ and junk, oodles of ships cruise on it every day, debris is reaching coastal lines of any neighboring country. And not a single flotation device, seat cushion, handbag, wall cover or soaked document from this plane or its passengers?? Jot a single body part, nada? How often in modern, technology driven history have entire passenger planes 'disappeared' without a single trace? I do not recall any similar mystery case. Must google...
How is MH17 investigation progressing? Any new discoveries besides Ukraine involvement?
Sure if is an accident, then my guess is air malaysia (I believe the major owner is the govt) will not take up a lot of responsibility. If is an human or pilot-related error, then I suppose the airline is in big trouble. It is an easy way out for malaysian govt, but not for the victims! But then who you are talking about now, malaysian govt.
'An accident' takes the responsibility away from them. If this was in the US courts, the lawyers would have a field day just on that statement. Based on what facts?!
It was not an accident. It was murder/suicide by the pilot of the plane. An airplane does not end up deep in the South Indian ocean by accident.
Of course it can be an accident. The recent Air Asia flight is a perfect example. Look how long it took them to find that one and it was only a few miles from the last known transmission. It could take many many years to find to find MH370 where it could be at the bottom of the ocean in a several 1000 mile radius.
AA 8501 is a bad comparison. We know 8501 was in the throes of a storm when it went down; that is not true of MH370. At its last known position, MH370 was at altitude heading south west of Sumatra in clear weather.
Eve, you're mistaken. It took less than 48 hrs of searching to find the recent AirAsia crash (as opposed to nearly a year since the MH370 disappearance). Also they located the recent crashed plane along the scheduled flight path while MH370 was flown thousands of miles off course after a series of unusual changes in flight course that could only have been done by the pilot.
If they can't find another story right away, I guess CNN is going to have mass layoffs...
That plane will re-appear one day, as a weapon
CNN is at a loss, oh jut wait, they will figure something out to make a mountain out of a mole hill
Word is CNN is already experiencing layoffs.....
Pray for the families, friends, and relatives plus also Malaysian Airlines and Government. No one wants to lose love ones.
Well, if doing so will help the families of victims, then it is understandable. They have suffered enough already....but who REALLY believes it was just an "accident?" Maybe it was the president of Indonesia, speaking before the AirAsia event, who claimed he had been briefed by Malaysian authorities on the MH370...said he knew what really happened but would not say publicly. ?????
Why are they looking in the Indian ocean, if the plane is somewhere in the mountains of Afganistan?
It amazes me how many conspiracy theorists still cling to the idea that this plane is still in one piece being saved for future terrorist attack. If it had been hijacked, someone would have done something with it by now. It's in million pieces at the bottom of the ocean, and if a piece of it ever turns up, it will be because someone was looking for something else.
Yeah, you can't leave a complex machine like a 777 lying around for a year and then expect it to start up and fly when you turn the key.
How can they rule this an accident, when they haven't found any proof???? They know what happened to that plane, but are not saying. After almost four months of searching for it, yet again, they haven't found a shred of evidence, that it did crash where they're searching. I feel sorry for the families, that after almost a year, they know nothing of what actually happened to that plane, and their loved ones... why beat around the bush? Now, the Malaysian Gov't, will most likely call off the search....
The relatives of the deceased have had a year or more to get on with their lives and still insist that millions be spent over the millions already spent to find their relatives well it is time to say its over. They have been digested by microbes and sea life months ago, it is time to stop wasting money looking for them and move on and get your drama fix else where.
I'm Chinese and feel bad for the families. But seriously move on. This isn't some big coverup by the Malaysian government to keep your kins bodies.
People lost loved ones, it's hard to move on. You have no heart!
@LEFTY, it is better to move on than stay here forever..................
It is hard to move on after you lose your love ones how and who would full the vacuum they left behind ??? ,those smiles ,memories ,clothes, sweet times they spent together it would take time IF EVER...
I feel for the families that have no closure. But unfortunately this plane lost transmission way before it crashed so no one knows where it is. It took a while to find the Air Asia plane and they KNEW where it crashed., having crashed only a few minutes after the last transmission. Plus the black box was still working. It was in a few miles of its last know location. MH370 is in an expanse of Ocean thousands of miles wide and the black box is long deactivated. As far as parts of the plane washing up on shore, in the vastness of the Indian Ocean it may take years to find any debris if any every turns up
From Oslo to Sandy Hook shootings, from Boston Marathon bombings to Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris, not to mention the THREE Malaysian Airliners (where at this point the first one is still "missing" and the last one is still "probably an accident"): ALL totally staged with actors. Start with AirAsia, the last Malaysia plane: ** parallel-and-reversed.blog+spot.
Check with their Lost and Found Department, most planes that are lost are eventually found one way or another. Just be patient, a plane this size is hard to locate when there's no evidence.
The religion of peace destroyed the plane. Simple explanation. Just check who was on board.
everything points to the indian ocean . in real time the plane itself may never be found. if one looks at topo maps of the ocean bottom , it is a real jigsaw puzzle down there made up of lots of yucky goo. talk about hunting for a needle in a haystack. hope won't buy it, so sorry for the victims their families and friends.
it crashed/or shot down, in the first location every body was looking in. the India Ocean was to make you look else where during the clean up effort.
Wrong location. Where is the floating debis? Try the Maldives.
I have tomnod satellite picture of the debris dated 3/14.
eaamon: tomnob I like .it allows the public to get onvolved which makes the no it alls upset .
Yucky yuck yucky poo What are you gonna do?
They ever consider Ocean current? I mean if it is in the area they've been searching is it possible that the current pulled it even further east?
No, they never thought of that....why don't you send them an email?
The Malaysian government knows what happened to this plane, but they don't want anyone else to know.
Nothing can bring back the dead not even knowing what happened to them so pack up your bleeding heart for another day.
If the chinese are so convinced that there is a coverup, then they should be able to find the plane. There is nothing more dangerous than an angry, stupid mob.
I believe AirAsia was actually MH370. The AirAsia flight path supposedly never existed. MH370 was supposed to be found crashed just like AirAsia, but Malaysian military radar screwed up their plans. They need an untraceable plane for their next attack, which I believe may be an EMP.
it is a 100% guarantee that the plane will some day be used as a weapon. WWIII is not like the previous two, half the people in this country cant see it unfolding in front of them - all they see is a better economy (??), that the world is a safer place (??) and that muslims are wonderful - there are just evil racist islamophobists around
That's why everyone thinks you're an idiot, StomK
The route that flight took was no "accident".
There are a ton of Conspiracy theories out there...and all of them make more sense than the "facts" we have been provided to date.
deep space, reachable, deep ocean, not
Radar works in space. Radar does not work underwater.
" The search for MH370 is still a priority " . Who is kidding who. This story has been buried, purposely .
What about the crews still searching the ocean for it everyday?
I still do not believe MH370 crashed! I think MH370 was hijacked and likely will be used in a terrorist attack. No wreckage, oil slick, human remains - nothing!
The ocean is huge. we are small. Everything isn't a conspiracy theory
It is known that MH370 was the plane used in the Ukraine crash.
Exactly Scott, thank you for being sane. @thomass - I hope you're not serious, lol.
@Independent - did you ever stop to think how much easier it would be to buy an old cargo plane or something? What the FUDGE is wrong with you conspiracy theorists..
on tomnod 3/14, I found where it crashed and pieces of it in the ocean. after I turned the info in it was never acted upon. I would put forth it was shot down and some powers that be are doing a cover up to prevent WWIII. I think they are disposing of the sections and bodies while giving you another ocean to focus on.
Show us the picture of the "wreckage", eaamon
Excuse me, but, what 'crash"??? Show me some proof of a crash....
Ma Flight MH17 didn't crash, it was shot out of the sky! NOT an accident!
you are right william. I to believe it was shot down and gave every body a new location/ocean to focus on while it is removed from sight.
I have pictures from tomnod satellite images, last March to prove the pieces were in the original search location.
NOT EVEN 1 SINGLE DEAD BODY FOUND, SO STRANGE
Maybe it was shot down by US.
By the US? I think given the aggression China has shown recently over the SOuth China Sea which this plane flew over with NO transponder operating to identify itself. It is much more likely that the plane was shot down by the Chinese. Why else this crazy wild goose chase to the southern Indian ocean in the completely opposite direction than it was flying if not to cover up a Chinese clean up operation
Of course not by China, because the passengers are mostly Chinese.
With the transponder not working China would not have known it was a civilian aircraft carrying chinese passengers. They would have thought it was a US surveillance plane approaching their sub pens in Hainan. And just like they have on other occasions dispatched fighter jets to intercept it. Its a much more likely scenario than your idiotic notion of the US doing it who has no interests in the area at all
besides since when has China ever balked at killing its own people
The term "accident" is defined as "an unfortunate event resulting especially from carelessness or ignorance", so it really means nothing in this context.
Why Malaysia is KILLING VISITOR and Foreign Tourist ?????This Plane crash is cause by TERROR Organization ???? May be the plane was hijack to Syria for IS Use ?????
It's always in the last place you look
The Convention on International Civil Aviation, commonly referred to as the "Chicago Convention," states that the definition of the term "accident" includes "the aircraft is missing."
check on land under camo... thats where you will find it... in a predominantly mudslime portion of some island nation nearby.. its stored for future terror.
I'll have the President check the mudslime portion.
omg, only couple hundred Chinese people died, what a big deal about it? they still have over 1 billion people crowding and polluting this beautiful planet earth.
ok, thumb-down is about to begin now ..
nah, you're just a stupid troll
This is how the "it's all bush's fault, it's all chinese fault" rhetorics work in the juvenile's mind. How cruel/detached/inhuman this comment is.
Plenty more where they came from
all equipment meant to correspond with the tower .....was turned off at the same time the plane went off course, HUMMMM sounds like an accident to me ?????
It was NO ACCIDENT !!! the plane was forced to change course B/C someone tipped (?) about the cargo load ,which was retrieved by a submarine when the plane was on the sea-floor then the plane was towed to the abyss with out the black-box (2)... WHAT IS THIS !!!??? ANOTHER --- WMD--- brain wash !!!???...
Why is the Maldives evidence ignored? Was MH370 a potential terrorist attack upon the heir to the British throne or an attack upon Diego Garcia? Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah had practised landing at Diego Garcia, an island south of the Maldives occupied by the US navy.The FBI has analysed the home flight simulator belonging to the pilot of the missing Malaysian Airlines plane. It is thought the files were deleted by pilot Capt. Zaharie Ahmad Shah. Files containing records of simulations carried out on the program were deleted February 3. William [heir to British throne] and Kate arrived in the Maldives on March 7th 2014 at Cheval Blanc Randheli Resort'. MH370 went missing on March 8th - media rubbished the reports by residents of Kudahuvadhoo Island in the Maldives who claimed to have seen around 6.15am a noisy low flying airliner of the Malaysian description. This 5 hours after the aircraft disappeared from Malaysia radar. Any international flight passing over that area is said to be highly unusual. The last reported ping from MH370 was at Malaysian time 8.15am, which is 6.15am Maldive time. On 25 Mar 2014 an object described as an engines fire suppressor bottle, was found washed up on the beach of Baarah island in the Maldives .The object is shown on a photograph. The object is stamped with number 8219. It was removed and taken away by military - no response and not seen again. An aircraft engineer from Maldives said the object is likely to be an aircraft fire suppression bottle. The engineer could not say if it is the type used in Boeing 777 model as he did not personally inspect the object. An aircraft engineer is neither stupid or without some knowledge. Did MH370 pass over Kudahuvadhoo Island heading for the Cheval Blanc Randheli Resort 150 miles away but was intercepted and wreckage later washed up on Baarah island ? Details of all reports are on on maldivesfinest website - Google it. Use Google Earth and check the locations!
There is no other choice. We can not indefinitely look for evidences to declare the tragedy as accident. Literally the world is looking out for remains of the plane that disappeared not the people. It is hard to think hypothetically about what could have happened to them. The frustrating point is that all three planes that met the tragic fate belonged to one nation and it happened in a very short span of time.There were unforgivable human sins too caused this horrendous loss.Hope that kind of nonsense is not repeated. Those who are responsible must be ashamed except those who could not over come the weather and the ghost.
SWEEP IT ALL UNDER THE'' ASIAN FACE SAVING CARPET''...........JOB DONE AND PAY OUT MINIMUM RATE................HAPPY NOW MALAYASIAN AIR?
A secret who has kidnapped those engineers, indeed. No real accident involved when the tracking device got shut off.
They can say that now The hoards of morons forgot the facts long ago
The US intelligent knows where the plan gone to. This is the big bluff by saying that the plan has gone missing!
Please ..this was Muslim revenge on China for Xinjiang