The work Australia is doing will be useful in the future so good for them. But "somebody" knows where '370 is and it isn't in 13000 ft of water. There was so much sand in the air that its difficult to trust any of the information that was presented or leaked on this crash but if the engine pings through SatCom were real, we know how long the A/C had power available. The Doppler analysis is far less compelling and could be full of assumptions and holes. It only works accurately with perfectly calibrated systems. These systems were not. We don't know if it was in-flight for the entire power-available time however. Somebody knows!
Somehow I just don't see this jet being under the ocean. There's too much LACK of crash evidence and too much electronic data that kept being transmitted AFTER it vanished from radar to put this jet in the drink. The engine flight performance transmitters kept transmitting for 4 hours AFTER it vanished. The transmitters shut off when the engines are not running. Someone knows what happened to this plane and where it is. I have a feeling we'll be seeing it again retrofitted as a WMD.
Geez, are you clowns still soiling your undies over this plane ten months later?
Good on the Australian government for their continuing support Let's hope it will be found soon so that the grieving Relatives can at least know what has happened to their loved ones.
All these stupid theories. Plane crashed and just needs to be located. Always a fat lard running on about spies and secrets
They really are trying and put a lot of time and money into it so hope it is found soon. Prayers to all involved in the search giving their all in such rough terrain for long hours I'm sure into it and to the families of the passengers too.
Best wish, keep up the hope. Heart and prayer to all The missing one and their families. RIP..
The specs for a 777 shows a range of 9119 miles or 5240 nautical miles. The 777 can even fly also with only one engine providing propulsion for a greater range. So how far could MH 370 could have gone? More
A lot has been and will be learned, not only about the geography of this undersea area but about better search techniques for what will be unfortunately more deep sea disasters in the future. Hats off to Australia for funding and helping in this tedious task as they have no primary interest except are driven by strong ethics to do the right thing.
Hows this for a scenario. The Plane was travelling from kuala Lumpur to beijing, It would have flown quite close to Hainan where the Chinese have their secret Submarine base. Its transponder was already turned of by that stage for what reason who knows. The Chinese thinks its another US surveilance/spy plane and put a couple of fighter jets into the air to chase it away. typical of the chinese pilots they show of with some risky close maneuvers (which are well documented) While doing so there is a midair accident and the plane goes down.
You want to know where mh370 Ask China!
He is on the know.it all conspiracy crack......in his head he sounds like a expert
What ever happened to MH370 it will come out in time. Somebody somewhere knows where it is
This isn't Australia's problem. Let the Chinese pay for looking for their dead.
I predict they will find it within a year. Most likely by Fall. How on earth they lift that beast from > 12K Feet is truly amazing. Took the Indonesians 12 days to get the boxes after the plane was found in < 100 Ft of water.
Why do you think it's 12,000 feet underwater? The misinformation by the mainstream media is working!
When flight MH370 first disappeared, the speculation as to what happened to this flight, was totally wild, and at times out of control. Yes, I include myself among those speculators. Now that the dust has settled....the only theory that is still holding is the transmission of individual jet engine codes....that could not be shut off by person/persons on board. Therefore; the present search corridor is still the most probable area. If the plane had crashed on land, satellites would have located this long ago, and if the plane was high jacked to another Nation.....it would have been found by on the ground spies long ago.
Our jungle...I'm game. So where is it, who remotely controlled it and for what reason/purpose? I have a theory, originally posted and very lightly speculated by others, but would like you to finish your thoughts as I believe you are on the right track.
Govany, You mean the island 2500+ miles southwest of Perth and the last confirmed checkpoint, putting it outside the 7 hour fuel category? You mean the island that Australia discovered in 1947 and owns ... you know, the country footing the bill for the $100+ million in search funds? Shall I keep going. What a maroon.
Wow micheal.....maroon? Great witty insult. Dumbest ive heard ever
370 was fully fueled for the return trip too. Maroon? looks like is on your side.
Michael, The specs for a 777 shows a range of 9119 miles or 5240 nautical miles. The 777 can even fly with only one engine providing propulsion for a greater range If the pilot or hijacker intended to go to McDonald island as a final dump, it could have been done.
Plausible reason why it is not found yet...... During the American withdraw from Afghanistan, one of their command and control system used for controlling the drones operation, was hijacked by the Taliban’s when the American transport convoy was moving down from one of the hill top bases. The Taliban’s ambushed the convoy and killed 2 American Seal personnel, seized the equipment/weapons, including the command and control system which weighed about 20 tons and packed into 6 crates. This happened about a month ago in Feb 2014. The Taliban’s want is money for the system from the Russian or the Chinese. The Russian’s are too busy in Ukraine. The Chinese are hungry for the system’s technology. The Chinese goal is to master the technology behind the command and control system, then, all the American drones will become useless. So the Chinese sent 8 top defense scientists to check the system and agreed to pay millions for it. Sometime in early Mar 2014, the 8 scientists and the 6 crates made their way to Malaysia, thinking that it was the best covert way to avoid detection. The cargo was then kept in the Embassy under diplomatic protection. Meanwhile, American covert intelligence, with the assistance of Israeli intelligence together, determined to intercept and recapture the cargo. The Chinese calculated that it will be safe to transport it via civilian aircraft so as to avoid suspicion. After all, the direct flight from KL to Beijing takes only 4 and half hours, and the American military will not hijack or harm civilian commercial aircraft, so MH 370 is the perfect carrier. There were 5 American and Israeli agents onboard who are familiar with Boeing operation. The 2 “Iranians” with stolen passports worked in tandem among them. When MH 370 was about to leave the Malaysian air space and reporting to Vietnamese air control, an American AWAC jammed their signal, disabled the pilot control system and switched over to remote control mode. That was when the plane suddenly lost altitude momentarily. During AWAC operations activity in the 911 incident, all Boeing aircraft and Airbus aircraft are installed with remote control system to counter terrorist hijacking. Since then all Boeing commercial aircraft could be remote controlled by FAA /ATC ground control towers. The same remote control system used to control the pilot less spy aircraft and drones. The 5 American/Israeli agents soon took over the plane, switched off the transponder and other communication systems, changed course, and flew westwards. They dare not fly east to Philippines or Guam because the whole South China Sea air space was covered by Chinese surveillance radar and satellite. The Malaysian, Thai, and Indian military radars actually detected the unidentified aircraft but did not react. The plane flew over North Sumatra, Anabas, South India and then landed at Maldives some villagers saw the aircraft landing), refueled and continued its flight to Garcia Diego, the American Air Base in the middle of Indian Ocean. The cargo and the black box were removed. The passengers were silenced via natural means, lack of oxygen by achieving a temporary altitude to 45,000. The MH370 with dead passengers were air borne again via remote control and crashed into South Indian Ocean, make it to believe that the plane eventually ran out of fuel and crashed, and blame the defiant captain and copilot, but first diverting all the attention and search effort in the South China Sea, while the plane made their way to Indian Ocean. Then they came out with some conflicting statement and evidence to confuse the world. The Australian’s are diversion distracter. The amount of effort put up by China, in terms of the number of search aircraft, ships and satellites, searching first the South China Sea, then the Malacca Straits and the Indian Ocean is unprecedented. This showed that the China is very concerned, not so much because of the many Chinese civilian passengers, but mainly the high value cargo and its 8 top defense scientists. One does not like to think of officials or leaders as committing evil covert events or to do things to cover up a “mess.” They operate under the premise called “The burden of leadership” meaning, the end justifies the means. The few inside the circle know the truth, those outside the circle know a little bit, but if the majority is confused then the objective has been achieved in order to stabilize the insanity of world events. This has been the course of human history from the get go and if you are fortunate to shoot pool with certain spooks, you are privy to the inner circle. Hard to believe it, right? That’s the goal.
I have heard what you have laid out as one theory. Personally, I do not believe the plane was left to fly until fuel ran out and I'm sure there are plenty of mental health professionals who would confirm it highly unlikely if suicide was the intention, the pilot would not have deliberately changed course and let the plane run out of fuel. He would have just crashed it without doing all of these other things. Also, someone I know who was in the marines said same thing about taking plane up to 45000 feet so passengers die of oxygen deprivation. This was intentional and for a specific purpose - not suicide on the part of the pilot/co-pilot.
Australia bless your big and kind caring hearts!
How many times have they said that they were confident that they were looking in the right area? It's so sad to think that odds are this plane will never be found. I still think it was hijacked, but I'm just some dude on a computer at 3 am reading ridiculous yahoo articles. God bless the ones lost on this flight, and the families affected by this tragedy! RIP
I agree it was hijacked but I strongly feel it was the chief pilot as connecting the dots he is the logical person.
No Question About it ,The So Called Black Boxes have served well but Its Now the Computer age with GPS and all sorts of New Technology.It is time a better and or Updated system is developed and put in Place. Some WayT o incorporate a GPS ID with a longer Range.....It can Be Done....Maybe a automatic final emergency locater Crash and water activated. Do Something !!!
I'm happy that there is still enthusiasm about this search. If you had a family member parish, you'd want some excitement in the search and rescue operation too. They are doing the best they can, I'm sure.
Another story told that all three navigational systems were possibly sabotaged, thus the plane flied aimlessly for hours; who sabotaged? can they all be disabled remotely? a scary thought.
That plane was definately sabotaged to be made to dissapear. I hope for the sake of the loved one's that they find something, even if it might be a piece of wing. Just so people can get closure.
In the latest events investigators found the telemetry device that was attached to a whale before it dived to the bottom leaving the device near the seventh arc.
Now that's a whale of a tale ... thanks, I needed a good laugh.
I still think they are looking in the wrong ocean. They last heard from the plane in the South China Sea. I think that's where it went down and will probably some day be found there.These pings are from someone who is a so called expert in space and that space is in his brain.LOOK IN THE SOUTH CHINA SEA NOT THE INDIAN OCEAN.
yeah, we get it, you still think blah blah , you still think your opinion is valuable and you still don't have a fkg clue...do you have anything new to add, at least?
Amazing. We can find a Mars rover called 'Beagle 2' on the surface of Mars, and find it from EARTH. But we cannot find a massive jet plane that disappeared 10 months ago? Maybe the plane was taken forward in time like was done on the movie Millennium, the people and everything taken off and the plane just never returned back to our time? (sarc)
MH 370 is under about 100 feet of water off the beach of a small volcanic island. MacDonald Island. How do I know? The Sphinx Code.
Govany, Did you eat the entire box of Fruit Loops this morning?
Careful Govany, If your not wearing your tinfoil hat, the CIA will know you broke the code. Time to log off, throw away your cell phone and live in the woods for a while.
Tyger and Guy, I am used of the jokes. That's how the Suits acted when I told them about the whereabouts of Banlaeden on location. It is not over until the fat lady sings.
Anyone have any idea or can speculate on why Australia is spending so much money looking for,this plane? Any clues?
find oil in the ocean while they are at it and to map the ocean there. 2 for 1 deal
To impress China! While a lot of people here in Australia needs medical and school funds. Malaysia should do it.
Fundamentally, the reason aircraft accident investigations go on for so long is to prevent recurrence -- whether the cause ends up being a mechanical failure, a personnel failure, a security failure, or other. It would be interesting to see how much of this is being funded on the side by (e.g.) mining or oil and gas companies. There's also the question of possibly setting different territorial limits for mineral rights -- like what's going on in the Arctic between the Canadians, Americans, Russians and Danes all based on undersea mapping and determing where the edge of the different continental and island shelves are.
Finding where oil ad/or valuable minerals could potentially be, mapping the ocean floor making it easier for military submarines to navigate at a later point if need be, providing valuable data to oceanographers and geologists regarding volcanic activity/continental shelves ect. that could help predict earthquakes later (that might result in tsunamis if a fault line is underwater), strengthening ties with China where most of the victims are from, recovering the black boxes to find out why the plane crashed and potentially make commercial aviation safer in the future. There are a lot of reasons to explore the deep blue sea and this gives them an excuse to blow the money without rousing suspicion-- especially if they want the data for military purposes.
There were a number of Australians on the plane. Were they anyone of note? Did they posses something on the person that someone wants retrieved? Was there anything in the passenger luggage someone wants retrieved? What was the cargo on this plane? Questions we probably won't have answered in their entirety...
Why is Australia paying for half the search with Malaysia. Why hasn't China contributed more. Abbot took funding away from charities a short time before Christmas so these charities couldn't find accommodation for the homeless, the needy. Charity should begin at home.
The plane was most likely brought down by gravity
What was the cargo of this flight??
A significant amount of lithium batteries.
Kyle......you ask the right question and I believe it is the motive for the crime.
Pices of the Air france plane were found days after is went down. the whole thing was located two years later. Air Asia qz8501 went down... pieces were found almost immediately. the whole plane was found 12 days later. Malaysia 370 disappeared 10 months ago ... and NOTHING has been found..Not a cushion. Not a body. Not a piece of metal... nothign... so where is it??
lol, One grid at a time...
Odds are they all in a nice Island laughing at those that are trying to find them.
"We are confident that if we are looking in the right area -- as we think we are -- we will find the aircraft," Dolan said Enough of the bull chit fairy tales..... Find the plane first and then boast how later
Mostly Chinese were on this plane, so why isn't China contributing to the search.?
if it is costing the Australian taxpayer money,and I bet it is, forget it, let it go, better things to spend it on... 9/10 pilot or co-pilot had a screw loose, not the airplane.
Missing airliner MH370 is "very likely" to be found if if if if if if if if if if if if it lies in the undersea zone now being scoured.....and IF its not found then can we stop the IFs and call it LOST without a trace.
It'll make a great tv show!
This plane will never be found.
from compairing the resent air aisia crash, and MH370, I don't think it went into the Ocean. NO FORM OF DEBRIS HAS EVER BEEN FOUND!
I wonder how you came up with this startling conclusion "No surface debris = No ocean crash" I think the countries and best technicians in the world who have wasted $100 million dollars searching the ocean would sure have appreciated you making an urgent call to them while you were instead sitting in your underwear in your trailer park coming up with this new "E=MC2" and not informing them.
They should make it a reality tv show sort of like 'deadliest catch' only it should be named 'in search of scrap metal'.
Wouldn't it just be easier to just ask the guys that shot it down where it is?
Or the ones that landed it!!
Plane went down when they lost first contact. They are looking in the wrong ocean
I am not convinced it ever crashed into the ocean... Will have to see.
Please stop reporting 'confidence'...the absurdity of so-called journalism
There are airfields out there that are hidden from view...
Why don't we go down to the grassy knoll and have lunch while we discuss which clandestine airport strips you're actually talking about!!! What a maroon.
I will believe it when I see it
Bob 2 There is nothing news. Non sense at all.
Bob 2 Yes, all this page presented is only old facts, nothing news.
imam CHAUDRY uses MH 370 as his own air force one . it is named FALLAFFEL ONE the plane has a nasty beard on it like in the movie airplane he uses it regularly to go fetch young boys for his own religious practices
Kenyan grand cru , the coffee served to AL QUEAD SHARIA SHARPTON. when he visits the white house and the GRAND KENYAN is the 9 th wonder of the Islamic state Gilligan hands of snaky in the tent I see you looking at the captain you perv
I thing that it’s much easier for Australia search team to find Mose’s tomb or Jesus’ birth paper than to find the missing Malaysia plane.
Tony Abbot said Australia would search for the plane until it is found. I think, as usual, he spoke before thinking. I don't think the plane will ever be found.
no, I agree...this one is a goner till hell freezes over..just too remote, too much water, not enough clues...too many conspiracy idiots jawing about it does not help.
THEY WILL TRY TO SELL IT TO MAKE AN EXTRA BUCK.
Not one body or one part of this plane has shown up any place in this water????
They are actually searching in the wrong place....it was brought down by unexplained forces-the Bermuda triangle...
The Bermuda forces have been explained ... keep up with Netflix like the rest of us. Yes, I'm serious.
As we have just seen, an aircraft that crashed into the ocean has had debris scattered across the surface. Which makes me think that maybe reports of this plane may have landed somewhere. Just saying! it's very odd that not one article of clothing, a body? anywhere? very strange to me.
"No surface evidence" seems less strange to me when compared with it "landing somewhere". Wanna give me a few options of where that totally witnessed event would have taken place? Please don't list land features that A) don't have a runway at least a mile long B) or have radar from 10 different countries all monitoring multiple shores Got anything yet? Need more time? They'll find the plane before you come up with something resembling reality, I'll tell ya that much.
This plane never crashed. It flew up to more than 40 000 ft. depressurised high enough to kill every passenger. (The flight crew has much more oxygen than the passengers) and then it was landed somewhere and immediately camoflaged. That area is littered with airstrips from WW2. Trust me folks, that plane is going to re appear........... probably crammed with explosives.......
If that plane landed on an airstrip from WWII, it won't be taking off anytime soon. Trust me.
Adrian, you got a lot of the puzzle correct but wrong motives and wrong conclusions. I originally thought the same but now believe it's all about the cargo, which was not on any manifests. Three nations know what the cargo was, two nations were involved in the transaction and one nation only knows what happened to the plane and the status of the people on board as well as the cargo and this information will not be made public in any of our life times. The plane, the people aboard and cargo will never be "found".
I think you need to start adding some actual logic to your drug induced logic. Just what islands are dotting the ocean, in that location, within an hour of the last reported contact with the satellite, with a runway longer than a mile, with no one on the island to witness it, and no army base with radar monitoring it. They must have used a lot of crustaceans to camouflage this little Cessna in your mind.
No parts , no debris , nothing . Two words . Time warp .
not in the water how are you going to find it ??????????????
Australa news meda has long aleady published what happened to MH370 but the Moron Convict, Abbott is continuously bending over to Force to lie to the people.n lead a wild hunt for nothing.
Only the CIA that took control of this plane will ever know where it is.