He's still alive. All the passengers are. The plain was diverted to Diego Garcia, US military base in the Indian Ocean.
Let the conspiracy theories begin. The plane crashed and, unfortunately, they are all deceased. That's the logical conclusion.
The media keeps talking about Philip Wood. There were two other Americans on that plane. Don't they count to be mentioned?
The debris should now be identified as it is daytime and Thursday in the area. They have P-3 aircraft and sophiscated infrared equipment which can be used to see if it belongs to the plane.
Planes can be made much safer if the latest technology had been installed. The launch escape system (LES) was first used on 9/26/83. The Soyuz T-10-1 rocket caught fire, just before launch, and the LES carried the crew capsule clear, seconds before the rocket exploded. The crew landed 4 kilometers (2.5 mi) from the launch pad. The Soyuz LES system also had grid fins mounted on the payload fairing that deployed to stabilize the craft. Similarly, governments should invest heavily on the next generation of LES whereby an autonomous robotic, triple redundancy, three dimensional radar system mounted on all sides of the plane ( that creates a three dimensional picture of the area around the plane ) triggers a triple redundancy catastrophic indicator system that automatically cuts off all engines and deploys bombproof, floatable, pressurized, four-seat ejection pods (having their own collision avoidance system) are ejected out of the plane while the collision avoidance system operates thrusters that prevent the pods from being knocked by the plane or other ejection pods in mid-air before deploying the parachutes. Other safety measures at each service interval should include an empty plane on a moving platform, going through a gigantic chamber equipped with x-rays, sonar and lasers to detect any structural defects or stress and each plane should be equipped with its own radar system and counter measures to avoid small meteorites, other small planes and man-made missiles. Boeing should be pushed by the government to conduct feasibility studies on how much the ticket price might rise due to the above safety measures. Yes, the price of tickets might triple if all the above safety measures are implemented but at the same time, if passengers know that they are going to have a very safe flight, more people might start travelling by air plus in this internet age, almost all business and personal visits can be done through video conferencing, so travel will not be a necessity and in the future, people will travel at hyper speeds in six-seat bombproof bullet capsules in steel tubes on the ground, so air travel might become obsolete.
Who are the parents of the two American kids on board? Do they have dual citizenship or was it an adoption thing?
From the manifest it looks like they were born in the U.S. to Chinese parents.
When I hear of any plane crash, my thoughts are mostly about the parents on the plane who had their children with them. If I were on a crashing plane by my self I guess I would just say "Well God Here I Come" But if I had my children with me I would be too horrified to think.
You meant to say "Well Sky Fairy I'm a 'tard"
more thumbs down for drew, the loser
I would just stay put with a staycation. Why gamble? I'd never take my kids on a plane.
Commenter, do you take your kids in your car? I think we all know that you are statistically way more likely to die in a car crash than in a plane crash. You can't live your life in fear.
PrettyLuckyx3, at least with defensive driving you stand a chance on the ground! I'd rather that than be in the air with a guaranteed death with someone else in control! I also time my trips for when drunks are less apt to be out on the road. I don't take off from stop lights without making sure the guys to the left aren't going to run them. Just a few of the many things I do differently. I have survived Dallas traffic for 36 years on the freeways. Lots of close calls, but I have razor sharp reflexes and no terrorists on board either.
Cindy, I wasn't in a plane crash, but was blown through a front yard while hangin on to my 4 year old son. I finally got us into a rickty little house on blocks, by grabbing a porch post we flew past. My son asked me if we were going to die. I said, we are going to pray, but no matter what, we WILL always be together! That is what a child is most afraid of, being separated from the parent. Personally I thought we were done for. We were in tornado alley and that tiny white house was no better than a small house trailer. My son stayed calm as I led him into a tiny closet and held him close. You do what you can and focus on your child. You'd be surprised how calm you are with your 4 year old with you!!
What is also troubling to me is how authorities managed to figure out after the fact that two passengers were using stolen passports for travel? Shouldn't this kind of thing be discovered before they get on a plane?
Agreed, people with fraudulent passports should have arrested. Yes, it is weird that the now disclose this information.
This Reminds me of Philippines Airlines in a weird way. Just recently I was flying from Manila to the States and I kept hearing this weird high pitched sound and air movement to what look like a very pin size hole in the window. As I was reading the newspaper and changes pages, the news paper got sucked into this hole. Like a vacum. I could put my finer on it and I felt a vacume type of suction. Told the lady Steward, and her face went from a bueatiufl light brown to almost white. She suddenly left and came back and told me everything is just fine and it was do to cabin pressure. She looked very ill when saying this to me. I knew something was wrong. In my opinion Philippine Airlines is not a safe Airlines to fly what so ever.
I concur. Shows how inefficient and careless the officials are.
Islamic terrorist did this ..... this demonic so called religion is the problem for humanity their nasty book ordered them including their falls prophet said to kill any one any way they can because they are NOT muslim .........so
@Owsomguy33...what model of plane were you flying? Was it a 747? That fleet is getting older and I can imagine this type of thing occurring.
Authorities were in on it. More planes get bombed bigger budgets for authorities.
It is because Malaysia Air does not check the names on passports against Interpol's database. It was after the plane went missing when Malaysia Air looked at the manifest and started notifying the departments of state for the passengers' native countries that they learned the passports had been stolen. It isnt normal protocol for t hem to run the names through a database.
Been in Asia many times for work and besides Narita(Tokyo) and Shanghai (China) I always felt that security was not as good as it should be. Amsterdam on the other hand has in my opinion the best security set up.
I am guessing International Undercover agent (Interpol) on flight to protect passengers similar to US undercover program? If terrorist act in plane, some agent and passenger / crew arrest on site. I remember while flying one and half years ago with family from US to Asia that I saw a international undercover agent. My kid told me that a person carried a gun on flight. I remember reading few years back after 911 upon a article. State is implementing undercover agent program on some flights. I am guessing this person is undercover.
Huh? If terrorist act in plane, some agent and passenger / crew arrest on site. Not if everyone is dead?
Indiana is right. The agent probably struggled with the 2 perpetrators and while he was holding one of them, the other pressed the button to detonate the explosive this disintegrating the plane. The question is, if we forget about the stolen passports, how did they pass an explosive device on the plane?
If you can board an airplane using a stolen passport what good are all these security measures? We poor U.S. Americans have to jump through hoops if we lose our driver's license while illegals have no documentation and are given licenses? Something is wrong with this picture,
Can't do that in the US you moron!
There are no such thing as "illegals" in the USA. Only "undocumented immigrants".
What a very fine comment about security measures that don't catch stolen passports. I wonder if the photos on the stolen passports resembled the people carrying them. We may never know. Probably those passports only got a quick glance. Ensuring the proper use of passports is much more important than having us take our sneakers off as we do through security.
Why haven't authorities already started diving in the oil slick area? If the plane is underwater there might be air pockets and survivors. Time is of the essence and it doesn't even sound like anybody is at the slick location checking it out. What's odd is the fact that there has been no mention of any cell phone activity from anybody to families. So if that's the case then this incident really was a surprise for crew and passengers. Praying for the families in hopes their loved ones are miraculously safe.
Air pockets, that's Hollywood stuff, not real life.
There have been several reports that they have tested the chemical makeup of the slicks and that they can not link it to the type of jet fuel used in the plane so that is probably why they are not diving near the slicks.
Not to mention that, if the plane was intact and did crash in the water, after a dive from 35,000 feet, there is no chance at all that anyone would have survived the impact. It's a simple matter of basic, high school-level physics, and human physiology.
"That" oil slick didn't come from a jet aircraft. It looks more like it came from a ship. Airplanes have what is essentially diesel fuel for fuel. It doesn't turn that tan color when it meets water.
Sad and very Sorry for the loss of life aboard this airliner. There are never any words to grasp the depth of tragedy of such a horrific event. To all the families who lost loved ones ... I wish you peace and love in your time of sorrow. Please be strong ...
How about the words AHHHHHH were going to CRAAAAAAASSSHH!
@car: How about the words: "Go to bed, 12 year old"?
I feel the same deep sadness that everyone, or most everyone else does. It's unimaginable. The area where I take some small comfort in is the fact that the pilots never gave any warning to the control towers. I'm thinking that it all happened so fast that no one really had enough time to realize or to be too scared of what was happening. As for them still being alive, as much of a miracle as that would be it's extremely unlikely. Last but not least, I wish trolls would refrain from giving 'thumbs down' to such kind, heartfelt wishes and the natural goodness of man towards each other.
I wouldn't gamble. You would never get me in a plane at any cost.
Commenter, Flying is still one of the safest modes of travel there is. Do you drive? Your odds of being killed in a car accident are exponentially higher than flying but you still do that. I refuse to live my life in bubble wrap because something may happen. Whether my life is cut short or not I'd rather fully live then to be too careful.
Commenter, Just a little something I forgot to add. My husband and I were on a cruise ship 2 days out of Los Angeles, when the one month anniversary of 9/11 happened. Those first few days we had jets flying overhead, and battleships leaving San Diego headed to the Middle East. We were awakened very early on 10/11 by the noise of the jets. Once on our balcony we could see so many Naval ships around us. Not to mention the extra security as the tug pulled us from port. My point is, while there were hundreds of other passengers crying, freaking out completely, (assuming we would be attacked) my husband and I simply ignored what was going on and resumed our activities. While so many others huddled in their staterooms, (the decks were almost empty) we weren't about to stop living. Life is too short. To be honest we're much more likely to pass from a heart attack or cancer, etc., than from stepping onto an airplane for a vacation or doing anything else that we may enjoy.
Phil Wood is an old friend. We hadn't kept in touch and I hadn't heard from him in 6 years or so, but it was a tremendous shock to see his picture and hear this news. He was a good guy, and will be missed by many. Please remember as you post comments that each of these stories involves real people - each was someone's child, spouse, parent, friend. Perhaps it would be more kind - and certainly more respectful - not to speak of them in ways that you would not speak of your own friend or neighbor. We could stand to raise the bar a bit as humans.
it is a different phil wood
FROGGYB..........trying to claim some KIND OF FAME...??? Knowing a decease passenger? He would of not peed on you if you were on fire...
FROGGYB....you stated he was an old friend....and you have not spoken to him in 6 years? How about..................................you knew of him......and what relevance....to this story? WHO CARES WHO YOU KNOW?
katie you must sit there and comment on everyone else's comments...dumb!
Butterfly, people come on here and make stupid jokes and nasty comments. Not just about this article, but about most. The other comments when I posted this comment were things like "no more Wood for his ex-wife", "sharks are eating passengers with chopsticks", "he deserved it because he was greedy", and much worse. My point in posting the comment is to remind them that these are real people, each of whom has a large circle of family, friends, co-workers, etc. When I read these comments, I think not only of Phil, but of his best friends who are no doubt reeling from this news, and of his young adult sons. Can you imagine reading such stupid and awful things about the passing of your close friend or father? The point is not who I know, but that each of these people is known - in real life - by many. There's really no need to turn each article into some sort of juvenile contest to belittle and make fun of others.
My heart goes out to every single person on board, and the loved ones left behind. I cannot imagine how terrifying their final moments may have been, nor the heartbreak their loved ones are experiencing now.
I do agree Lady that it is strange that no one has accepted this act if it was terror but all signs lends itself to being just that......I don't believe in such coincidences as 2 stolen passports ended up on same downed flight. Maybe someone has taken credit but authorities aren't saying or don't want word out. Or maybe this is just the beginning stage of a much bigger plan and they don't want heat coming down on them yet. Whatever reason it sure seems to be linked to terror.
I don't know about everyone else, but I really have a hard time with armchair "experts".
An simple metal fatigue caused ACCIDENT might have been all there was to it. Enough your with your lame NSA "terrorist" delusions.
I agree with you Roy. It certainly seems very coincidental to me as well. After 911, anything is possible - including (and especially) cover ups! Not at all delusional to suspect. I truly just hope they get down to the bottom of what really happened - whatever it was and precautions are taken to prevent this kind of thing in the future.
What is nice is everyone has an opinion even you two dimwits.........if all reporting is correct 1. two people on board with stolen passports 2. 2 oil slicks 6 miles long and 9 miles long respectfully it is trending towards something fishy......
What is the average number of people with stolen passports on a flight or how many passports are stolen, period, and for what reasons? Are there any stats on this?
They... how PC of you! We know who they are though... thanks for that!
There is no way a 777 has a mechanical failure so devastating it disintegrates. No one is saying this except us. There was no communication, so that suggests it happened suddenly. It was tracked as turning around, which could have been, or it could have been tracking the pieces at 550 miles per hour. It is being quietly handled around Americans. Nothing to see here, no terrorist activity. I wonder if we will every know.
This is so tragic. It is so hard to even comprehend this. You tell people all the time without batting an eye "to have a safe flight". I feel sick to my stomach thinking about what these passengers went through...and what their families are going through, especially having all these all unanswered questions.
one never know when will be you last goodbye... I travel on business trips all the time, I just try not to think about it
I spent a lot of time in this airport and on this airline. They seem to be very stringent and organized with security. Additionally, the employees there seem to be competent, very helpful and polite. Maybe someone got careless or lazy, or it was a very organized and planned deceit. To put this in perspective though, more people died in automobiles in the same time it would have taken this plane to make it's scheduled flight, but because that is not spectacular or hyped, no-one seems to care or even hear about those incidents or similar loses of life.
Thats because they are something thats happened spread around the country . A few here and a few there . This is a couple hundred in one place at one time . It is a little more spectacular . Same amount of people die in the world in a year that died in the World Trade Center bombings but does that mean we dont report them on the news ?????????????????????? Also at least its freaking news . You people are always complaining for Yahoo to report the real news and then when they do you still WHINE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
While not checking for stolen passports is a poor security procedure, scanning bags and people is enough to prevent terrorist attacks mid flight. As long as Malaysian Airlines did that, I would safe travelling on the airline.
Of course no one knows what happened to cause that plane to crash an so quickly there was no " May day " call from the pilot ! It I strange also when one of the passengers was an American who worked for IBM ! The question being asked by many or at least one of the questions is who did it and why ? The plane was in great shape so it was not any trouble with the plane its self ! Thomas from Alabama
The only possible explanation is the plane got hijacked by greys.
an IBM employee had the right to be on that plane. I is an international business. he lived and worked there according to the info.
There is always usually a big $$$$ passenger on a plane.
Does anyone know the distance between the two oil slicks? If the plane hit the water's surface intact wouldn't the slicks be very close together or even become one oil slick. If the plane broke up in the air and the fuel tanks stayed intact they could be separated by quite some distance. I have no knowledge of aircraft. I am just trying to add to the conversation. My prayers are with the passengers, crew and their families. May God be with them all.
Hard to understand how the plane could hit the water intact without a distress call.
Those 2 missing passports whose names were now in the list of passengers may hold the key to the disappearance. They could have just detonated whatever they have right in their seats, without arousing attention, sending the plane down. May God be with the rest of the passengers and may those 2 go straight down to hell for all eternity.
Why didn't God prevent it from happening?
God doesn't always prevent bad things from happening. Sometimes tragedy awakens us to the fact that we only have a certain amount of time to get our own lives in order before we have to move on. All we can do is learn from it and pray all the victims were ready.
As far as God stepping in and preventing anything, he is sitting back and letting mankind do their thing. When he steps in, it will be all over for a lot of people and the end of live on earth as we know it.......However, @James, there were several reports that the fuel slicks were about 5 miles wide and 7 to 8 miles long and were indicative of a 777-200 tine engine crash........
@ Raysdaughter51. I am wondering about the distance between the two oil slicks. How far apart are they?
reports say the slicks were 500m apart, but im not sure if it broke apart in air or on impact with the water..the 500m could be due to the distance between the 2 fuel tanks? If it managed to land on water, there may be chance of survival, but it is looking increasing implausible..=/
Oil is not fuel,,,and oil slicks r commonly found throughout oceanic transport lanes,,just a thought but the more than likely came from a leaking tanker vessel or migrated from a leaky well head..who cares about oil any way,,where r the the people,,or the millions of others things that we know would be floating at the impact site,,broken insulation would be scattered everywhere along with luggage ect.i guess we r supposed to believe the plane stayed intact after the impact but there was great enough force to rupture the steel oil tanks and set the oil free but not enough force to crumble the super thin metal that is on the outside of all of al commercial jetliners?come on we know better!
I think the point is moot. I believe that the plane is safely on the ground and that the passengers and crew are hostages of the hijackers. Thats better than crashing in the sea.
I agree james. They know already. Demands have been made. The corporations some of the passengers worked for are big rollers. . Send seal team 6 in.
My thoughts and prayers are with the deceased and their families.
Someone with a stolen passport was on that plane (possibly two of such rats); it should only be a matter of time to see images of their faces while they were boarding the plane... airports certainly have security cameras all over the place.
One would certainly hope that all the surveillance we are constantly subjected to turns out to be of some actual use.
the persons with hinky passports need not have anything to do with the crash. Do you think that everytime there is a case of passport fraud, it's about trying to being a plane down?
I'm not speculating (yet), it just makes sense to wonder about such a 'coincident', don't you think, Pac? Or do YOU think it's normal to fly internationally with documents belonging to someone else? (STOLEN passport, I remind you!)
It's not about whether it's "normal", it's about how unusual is it?? how often do people come and go with hinky passports and nothing happened on the flight so whether it was detected later it was not a major news story. I'm thinking passport fraud , stolen or false passports, is common. Third World #$%$ countries, document forgery is one of their main industries.
i think the imposters who stole the passports and boarded the plane are suspects.
I remember watching about 9/11 a woman frantically calling on a phone asking and searching for her husband ,s where a bouts in the cantor Fitzgerald building in one of the towers,how sad to learn he was trapped in the building later learning as they gave the names of missing so sad .Just as this plane going down Live every day as if it's your last because there is no guarantee of tomorrow today is a present, to us all..
yep ... Allah doesn't seem to have much compassion with humans.
I remember a women being on the phone franticly trying to find an open pizza place.
I sincerely hope this was just a mechanical failure and not something intentional done by one of the pilots. As soon as I read their names, I immediately got a very sick feeling. Of course, the entire situation is bad, but still.... My prayers are with the people on that plane as well as their families. Also, I pray that the black box can be found and will tell the truth of what really happened.
I remember after 9/11, here in NY, there were 100's of missing persons fliers all over the city, taped to poles, taped at bus stops, taped to windows. It was so sad to see the pictures and the descriptions and the pleas from family members to "help find my son", "help find my wife", "help find my dad". No one took down those fliers for months, no one vandalized them or covered over them with other fliers. It was like the fliers themselves were a memorial to those that perished.
txdecorator..actually, malays are the majority in Malaysia, so having pilots with malay names (majority of them are muslims) would not be surprising..what I find more suspicious is the use of fake Italian and austrian identities to board the planes..reminds me of 9/11 somehow, though I hope the cause is not as sinister..=(
Speaking of other such tragedies, I don't normally believe in conspiracies but I strongly urge everyone to watch the documentary called "TWA: Flight 800". Not that I believe it was terrorism, but I do believe it was a massive cover-up of our military accidentally shooting down that plane, the one that left NY on its way to France. I had always believed the eyewitness's who saw the 'flares or streaks' shoot into the sky towards the plane but this documentary is a real eye opener. As for this missing Malaysian plane and it's passengers and crew, may they rest in peace. My heart goes out to their families.
Point of departure - point of destination - 2 hours after takeoff (an in-route point common with straight and level flight at best cruse speed and autopilot on -no nearby air traffic - A Boeing 777 (good safety record - a good plane) - evidently a sudden catastrophic event occurs at an in-route point which makes retrieval of black boxes and damage difficult (over deep water), if not impossible; all this information combines (connects) raising flags which make this tragedy very questionable. A terrorist bomb, perhaps? Hopefully, time will tell us how and why this happened.
@ RD: Also, the fact that the control tower never received any distress radio call from either pilots.
There are lots of Islamic extremist in Malaysia, but why?
Who knows what goes through terrorists minds E Munson... but it's further suspicious and increases the possibility that it MIGHT be terrorists that they found out two of the travelers were flying using stolen passports. It could be a terror attack.
I'm thinking terrorism, because it appears that maybe the GPS tracking system was disabled beforehand. My prayers go out to all involved.
If that was terrorist attacked, I don't understand why the targeted civilian which has nothing to do with them.
who says deep water from what I understand that water is shallow
I doubt if anyone, including terrorists, know why they do the bad stuff. They do think it is a tribute to their god.
Terrorists do what they do to get attention for their cause. Some are motivated by personal reasons, and some are motivated by promises of those that helped them achieve their goals, maybe promising to help the terrorist's family, or as Don said because they believe religiously that it will please Allah. They do not have a thought for the innocent people they are taking with them.
There were two people on board who used stolen passports. A terrorist attack is a very real possibility.
I had read something about stolen passports...dear Lord, if some Neanderthal terrorists took over that plane or something...the horror those poor innocent people had to go through, or if there were terrorists, they may have just detonated a bomb on board...but it also could have been what RD said...also, they (the people who own the plane, may have been cutting corners or had half #$%$ maintained it and then something catastrophic happened over the ocean...still I hope that the ATF can find the wreckage and find the black boxes... there is a signal thingy that they can use to pinpoint where it is...I hope they can...
The fact that 2/3 of the passengers on the flight are mainland Chinese indeed raises the possibility that this tragedy was the result of a terrorist attack. If so, this follows the recent knife attack in the train station in the southwestern Chinese city of Kunming where 29 people were killed and 108 others injuured when a group of men with knives started slashing and stabbing those in sight. I hope it's not the case with this flight simply disappearing off the radar and crashing into the ocean below.
Don did not refer to Allah, as all terrorists are not of the Muslim faith.
See, Islam teaches that the ONLY sure-fire way to get into paradise is by killing for Allah. These terrorists truly believe they're doing the right thing. No excuse, but it's the religion that is evil, not the people. Anyone should read Islam and Terrorism by Dr. Mark A. Gabriel. He was raised in Islam, studied, and even taught Islam at a University only to covert to Christianity. This is a well-educated man who is trying to let everyone know that the Islamic image that is conveyed on the media and here in the the West is not accurate. Sure, many live here peacefully among us, but these are people who are not truly following the Islamic culture. Either they refuse to kill or they just would rather pretend like all the violent parts of the Quran aren't really there because they truly know it's wrong. Yes, the Muslims here ARE peaceful. But everyone needs to remember, they're not TRUE Muslims according to their Quran, and lucky for us. I would lay money this plan incident is related to jihad.
Something similar to this happened to an Air France flight a couple years ago. There are a few things that can happen at altitude that are just as likely as a terrorist bomb. Especially since no one has taken credit for it yet. Hard to bring support to your cause when you don't know what the cause is.
Glad to know I'm not the only one having these kinds of thoughts. Might first thought was, it could have been hijacked. How does a plane just disappear for 2 hours w/ no distress call and no one having any clue of where it could be? Something doesn't feel right. A bomb is also another possibility. I really hope we aren't dealing with another act of evil but, in any case, I hope the wreckage is found and their loved ones get some answers. They need closure. My thoughts and prayers go out to them.
My first thought was the Chinese shot it down or terrorists. The victims would have just been collateral damage. I'm hoping, even if it takes several years that they can find the "black Box" and find out just what happened. My heart goes out to the families as they will never have closure and will always wonder what their loved ones went through.
Fkin China shot this plane down, mistaken US spy plane. Nuke China now before it's too late.
Allah is the same god as the Christian and Jewish god. They're all the god of Abraham. Allah is just the Arabic word for the same god. Arabic Christians use Allah. Jehovah, Yahweh, Allah, God. They're all the same. A little reading goes a long way, people.
You couldn't be more wrong, Liz!! Yes, a little reading would do you well, dear. Start with Genesis and see where Abraham's line began. He did things his own way and went in unto Hagar his hand maid, a son Ishmael, was born. But he is not the promised son. Then, Sarah, Abraham''s wife, who is past the point of child-bearing, does indeed give birth to the promised son, Isaac. The Arab lineage goes back to Ishmael. The Jewish lineage goes back to Isaac. Yes, they both go back to Abraham, but they are NOT the same line! Isaac has a son, Jacob, who has 12 sons, the 12 tribes of Israel. And the rest is history:-) It's there, fact!!
Trina you make no sense.....SAME #$%$ LINE SAME BLOODLINE ARABS AND JEWS LOOK ALIKE BECAUSE THey come from the SAME LINE Isaac and Ishmael HAD SAME FATHER.....no one cares about the MOTHER!!! SAME BLOOD TIES......maybe you should read more because years later MOSES MARRIED A DAUGHTER FROM ISHMAEL's SIDE.....JethRo, his father in law said so in the Bible "we are sons and daughters from Ishmael!!!" THe two SIDES have been breeding each other back and FORTH ...so bloody disgusting!! NO wonder Jews have blood diseases and bad genes!!!!
@ liz, Allah is NOT the same god as the Christian & Jewish god. MY god does not teach me to kill other people because they are not of the same faith as I am. Allah through the Koran calls for the death of all infidels!
@ kELLIE, They are not of the same blood lines (with the exception of the Jews forced to convert by Muslims or die. Just because they came from Abraham, in Judaism the faith (& the blood line) comes through the mother!
Malaysia is more than 60% Islamic. And while they will tell you they are a peaceful secular country, (governed by Muslims) Islamic rule is obvious, especially in the larger cities. My guess - if it is found to be an act of terrorism - that something went wrong. These religious terrorists love to make fire and smoke and would have likely planned to down the plane somewhere near Beijing Capital Airport. With the Xinjiang Uighur attack last week and the CCP meetings in Beijing this week it would not surprise me if they discover some connection. I sincerely hope not.
i believe that if it was terrorism then some one would have claimed responsibility
Even if a bomb destroyed the plane, where is the debris?
@jose the god of the old testament would tell you to stone people even your family members if they worked on sabbath...."god" killed millions of people, children, and infants.I'd say the original christian "god" ( before the "new" testament ) was a psychotic/genocidal/control freak , only a blind and deaf person couldn't comprehend.....westboro baptist church (as disgusting as they are) are the true christians. You just follow the the subtle brainwashing version.....oh "god" is not real....and neither is santa or the easter bunny! hate to break to you like that. I guess from here we can only hope to move on with our lives and learn to use logic and reason :)
Jose - You do realize you are referring to the part of the Quran that was written when the Jews and the Christians were fighting Muslims, right? That was written for that time during war - thousands of years ago. That does not apply to today.
The Quran is very much still being used today. It's supposed to be anyway, according to Islam. I cannot believe that someone here actually stated that Allah and God are the same person. That's really ironic to say because "Allah" commands that anyone (particularly Christians and Jews; yes the Quran actually SAYS especially these two groups!) who is not Islamic MUST be either killed or converted. Islam law states that ANYONE no following Islam be KILLED OR CONVERTED. IN ADDITION TO THIS, the ONLY way one can get into heaven is by killing a non-Islam - all according to the Quran. Now, I'm not going to go into how this contrasts with God, but I think you get the idea. And if you don't, then there's no hope for you.
Athomemamma - That was written in the Quran when the Jews and the Christians were at war with the Muslims. That was written for that scenario, nothing else. Your bible says do not murder but there are a lot of Christian soldiers that are killing people in Afghanistan. What do you have to say about that? Learn how to comprehend the Quran and keep everything in context.
Rebecca, I have read a lot about Islam. I know a lot about the religion. Don't tell me what it says because you don't understand it.
In addition, due to the fact that you believe that Christian soldiers are sinning by killing in war, I'm going to go ahead and assume you know nothing about the Bible, either. You speak just like someone who has been in a lot of gossipy conversations about both books but have never really studied (or lived) either one.
atomicmomma - I studied the Quran in college. I also grew up Christian. You just made yourself look stupid.
Why do I look stupid? And no you didn't or you wouldn't have said that the Quran doesn't teach that jews and Christians be killed or converted. How about this......read Islam and Terrorism by Dr. Mark A. Gabriel, PhD. and get back to me ok? Because this guy was raised in Islam, studied it in college and even went on to teach it at an Islamic university. And according to even him (and anyone else who knows Islam), the Quran teaches this. The fact that you flat-out blatantly discredit this FACT tells me you have never studied Islam.
.....and a lot of people grow up "Christian" just like there are a lot of people that grow up "Muslim". There are few people who really follow either religion entirely as it is written in either book. Most Islamics choose NOT to kill. Their innate moral code prevents them from doing this. They would rather just pretend those parts of the Quran don't exist. But they don't dare depart entirely from the religion (for the most part) in fear of retaliation. So, the choose to live a "westernized" or "Christianized" version of Islam. This is first semester lesson in the religion's teachings. And since you don't know this, it means that you are lying.
I love how people would rather thumbs-down a comment that takes them out of their comfort zone than just accept certain information and learn from it. People would rather stay comfortable detached from reality so they don't ever have to make any real decisions or judgements. Just discredit everything that goes against what you THINK you believe is true. That way, all you have to do is just tell some lies and start name-calling and you can continue to be diluted. Meanwhile, on earth, jihad is moving into every nation in the world, calling on you through the media to submit to it. And they appeal to you by selling you a version of it that is enticing and peaceful and endearing until you're on board. And suddenly (as with you, Rebecca) you are defending the very religion that commands its followers to kill all infidels. You are equating Islam to Christianity. You are a victim and until you open your eyes and see it and take your blinders off, you're just going to continue to be part of the bigger problem.
Athomemamma, You say "...just accept certain information and learn from it". Accept what? Your interpretation? Do you live that much in a bubble that you expect people to take what you have to say as fact? Because your an "at home momma"? LOL. Go travel extensively, go live in numerous countries, work at the top in NY for ten years and then you can tell me what an "at home momma" says. LOL.
Rebecca, I have had that name for years. What the Quran says is not a matter of opinion. It says what it says. I'm sorry you can't see that. Bubble or no bubble. You don't know me. I am a CPA. I am educated. I did stay home. I don't anymore. I am very educated. And you still don't know anything about Islam.
Traveling doesn't make you smart. A chimpanzee traveled to space. Living in multiple cities, countries, and holding a position in NY for ten straight years wouldn't make you smart, either. What does make you smart is taking down the wall you have up and being vulnerable to new information that goes (provably) against what you think is true but isn't. You cannot argue with me about what the Quran says anymore than I can argue with you about what it's like in space.
AT HOME MAMMA - You tell me to "take down the wall" but at the same time you say "you can't argue with me about what the Quran says". That's brilliant, STAY AT HOME MAMMA. The bible says you can sell your daughter into slavery. So, by your account, if the Quran "says what it says" than it's Ok to sell your daughter into slavery because the bible "says what it says". You do understand that your argument makes no sense, right, STAY AT HOME MAMMA?
I'm not sure where you're goin with continuously typing my screen name in bold. Are you trying to insult me by way of a screen name? lol. And what Bible permits someone to sell their daughters into slavery? I have concluded that you're just a freaking #$%$.
@ Jose and TRINA.....only a dumb dum will actually think BLood in OFFspring is separate.....SAME DNA tests will show that ARABS and JEWS are related by blood......being a JEW is determined by MOther but that doesnt change the FACT Arabs and JEWS are BLOOD related
My heart and prayers go out to ALL the people on the flight, and their families.
The article says, :: Wood’s ex-wife confirmed the family’s fears in a Facebook post on Saturday afternoon. “Philip Wood was a wonderful man,” wrote Elaine Wood, who still lives in the Dallas area. “Although we were no longer married, he is still family. His sons and I just want peace and quiet right now.” Elaine's Facebook was quickly flooded with messages of condolences from friends and family. :: Doesn't posting such information on Facebook defeat the whole purpose to "want peace and quiet right now"? I found out about my brother's death through Facebook. My family had specifically told my brother's friends not to post anything online until all family members had been notified. Unfortunately, it still happened. News often travels faster on the internet than by phone. Thus, my family couldn't get in touch with me quickly enough to tell me the sad news. After that incident, I closed my Facebook account because I was angry. I don't regret it. It was no big deal to close my account because, in reality, I didn't do much with it, which means that I didn't need it.
Some need acknowledgement. I'm with you. Spewing on Facebook about the possible horrific death of someone close just doesn't seem right. Who would even get on it so soon.she will probably be doing the national morning show circuit by Monday.
That's awful what happened to you. I saw this as the woman asking people to leave them alone...which means no calls or comments.... and yet no one got what she was really saying and flooded her page. It makes no sense. Online, as well as in life, nobody knows how to listen anymore.
Fabster...I know what you're saying but I think she probably thought she would make one general statement and not have to keep getting bombarded with questions and repeating it over and over. What better place than on FB? Social media is they way to go if you want to reach a huge audience all at one time. Unfortunately, it can be a good thing or a bad thing. In your case, not so good. I think it's horrible that you had to find out about you brother that way. My condolences go out you and your family. It's sad that society has become so desensitized to other people's feelings. We are fast approaching a point of no return. It's scary to think of what the future holds. I'm glad you took control and decided to delete your FB account. Those that really matter to you will be there for you with or without it. Take care!
@ Renee: Yes, I think you might be right. She probably just wanted to send one message and ask that people leave her alone. Anyhow, thank you all for your sensitivity and understanding. I would not wish this experience on anyone. I also deleted my Twitter account. Now, my only means of contact are e-mail, cell phone, and snail mail, and I am fine with those options.
I know what Dahl means. That happens to me with 9/11 memories all the time. We had a friend who knew someone on one of the planes, as well as another friend whose relative died in one of the towers. We also lived within 20 minutes of Manhattan. After nearly 13 years, the whole thing still seems like one long nightmare. I just hope none of the victims of this possible crash suffered much. I don't believe in miracles too much, but if at all possible, wouldn't that be lovely? My heart goes out to all those relatives just waiting for word; I can but imagine how awful that must feel.
I agree, except that I still believe in Miracles...I don't hold out a lot of hope for the passengers/crew of this flight, but ANYTHING CAN/MAY HAPPEN!! TXJMR
I feel so terrible about what has happened to this innocent victim. I feel as though it's a reminder for all of us as people to be the best person we can achieve to be because life isn't promised to us each day we're living. It reminds me of how we must learn to forgive, and love one another while we are still living. Sometimes we are in situations we truly cannot control. My heart truly aches for him and his family/friends out there. My hat goes off for you Mr. Wood for obviously leaving a positive impact on your loved ones and friends. We need more of you around. So sorry to hear what has happened. Best wishes to Mr.Phillip family and friends.
Innocent victim or victims? Are you perhaps one of the bigots who do not view members of other races and cultures as human?
Really? Typical. What about the others? They weren't innocent enough for you? I know this guy about as well as I know the other 238 victims so why do we always pick out one person to be sorry for because the others aren't known to be american? As far as Im concerned, everybody on that plane is equally important no matter where they're from.
don perhaps your just a ASKhole. Maybe your a want to be English teacher. The ladder being Ok
Steve we know where you head is .
This article was about a specific passenger on the airline. Just because she used the singular rather than the plural does not mean Jessica was disrespectful and not caring of the others!
Geez ... I hope my kids would never take a ride in your school bus ... do you actually LEGALLY obtain your US driver's license?!
I just can't help but shake my head at the irony that a comment that encourages us to be the "best version of ourselves," to "learn to forgive," and to "love one another" could bring out such hate. This comment was intended to be a positive inspiration to others and pay respect to the specific passenger this whole article was about. It's not Jessica's fault that YAHOO made an article all about one wealthy and well known person and not about the 238 other victims. Notice there were two other Americans on that flight and for "some reason" their lives aren't emphasized... Don't blame Jessica... just take her advice and be the best version of you that you can be, taking this as your first opportunity to learn to forgive and love one another...
The truth is that at this point is too early to judge whether everybody is an innocent victim in that fatal plane crash, since it is possible the crash might be the result of terrorists or the result of a suicidal pilot, as it was in a previous case, where the pilot's last words, before the crash that were heard in the recovered box was "Allah Akbar". Later on, after an investigation was made, it was discovered that the pilot apparently had planned his suicide, after buying lots of insurance.
What if it's a false flag? Do you forgive deception and oppression? Wouldn't that encourage more of it? Why not be skeptical, and think critically, rather than just forgiving and forgetting?
I understood what Jessica meant. I did notice while reading her comment that there was no mention of the other 2 Americans on the plane, 2 innocent children btw, and of course the rest of the passengers who most likely were from many different countries. But.....I still didn't take such a negative view of her comment. She was simply focused on what THIS article had focused on. I lost my father when he was only 47 years old. He was a wonderful man who had made a huge impact on many people and was held in very high regard. I also lost my stepson when he was only 20 years old. Although he was very young he too had made a huge impact on those around him, anyone who knew him. I've known for too many years how brief life can be and to never take it for granted.
Why is this one American talked about? Were not the other two Americans worth talking about? As well, as all those on the plane?
Zaria, Of course. But send your complaints to Yahoo, that's under their control, not ours.
if the plane broke apart there would be scattered wreckage so I think it nosedived with pilots unable to use radio or make a distress call.
Intelligence agencies have been known throughout the world to bring down a plane to eliminate one specific individual. Sad, but that's the way it works!!
Too bad we have so many sneaky snakes in this world that enjoy killing innocent people. pay day is coming!
I dont understand ~ the only two other American citizens were 4 & 2. Who were they flying with? Its heart breaking that anyone lost their lives but it always gets me a little more to think children died in what was probably a terrifying way :(
Perhaps they were children of Chinese parents who came to the US for them to be born and thus automatically get citizenship. Reportedly there are scores of Asian, especially Chinese women who do just that - to get a foot in the door. The parents may have been with them - but do not have a US passport.
My friend's cousins first wife's uncles step-sons sister in law's mother's co-worker said Conner is an anchor baby!
Very common in New York as well. Do we need a special "immigration reform" law for this type of subterfuge???
So sad that this has happened. I can't imagine what all these families are going through and my thoughts and prayers are with them.
I hope the press gives this American's family distance and peace and does not hound them. In a time of mourning....people do not want to be hassled. Instead, the press should focus their time, efforts and money on why this plane disappeared without so much as a mayday. It is very suspicious. I am more interested in why the plane went down than I am the press hounding family for their "reactions". Which is obvious if you have ever lost a love one suddenly. Prayers to all the families...not just American families but all of them.
Also the plane had been in an accident about a year ago and had part of its wing ripped off. They repaired it.
American or Asian (despite race) these people have gone missing and that fact alone is horrendous. I pray for ALL those people on board that they may be in God's hands. Things will be okay...
I liked your post - but the last 4 words ?? You lost credibility and common sense right there...Things won't be okay for their loved ones...
Why focusing only one person? Is it trying to prove that in future keep in mind unsafe to fly with them ? Ground travelling looks best. May use Skype as business tools. Why bother dangerous travelling when cannot detect stolen passports after high cost spending on airport security.
When you see faces tied to this tragedy, it makes all the more real. Condolences to the family, friends and co-workers. So sorry for your loss.
This is very sad. May the almighty God have all those on Board Rest in Peace..
I guess those two guys who used stolen passports won't be using them anymore!
I know it is early to speculate but this truly has the potential for being terrorism. Planes don't just disappear from the sky. This plane was at cruising altitude. Considering that at least two people on board were using stolen passports, plus the fact that the plane disappeared suddenly like that would indicate a sudden explosion on board. While that can happen by accident (like with TWA flight 800 back in 1996), it is very rare for planes to just explode at cruising altitude. If it is in smithereens on the ocean floor though, I am not sure whether anybody will be able to tell for sure.
Amelia Earhart's plane did and nobody ever found it they think they found it but it's still unproven.
Haven't heard of any of the passengers using their cell phones to call relatives like they did on 911. Must have been very fast. No time to make calls. Perhaps most were sleeping at that time. Very sad.
Carol, I agree, if there was any sign that the plane was going down somebody would have at least tried to make a call. If it was close to shore it could have been picked up somewhere or not. Condolences to all families and friends.
You can't make a call at that altitude.
Planes can, and have, broken apart from mechanical/structual failures. Terrorism is rare in comparison. Look it up.
yeah good luck trying making a call. First, who knows what is going on in the plane regarding G force and air, then getting your phone off Plane Mode, and then most importantly try getting an actual signal.... I'm not shocked at all how no one was able to make a phone call.
You should have stopped with saying, "I know its early..."
If this was terrorist related, so much for the overboard security #$%$ all of us are having to go through with TSA when we fly. Incidents are still happening!
@ SFW, There are no cell phone towers in the middle of the sea. The only way a phone could be heard is if there was a satellite relay. So you can call all you want, but there would be no completed call on that plane. It is like if a tree fell in the forest and nobody heard it, did it really fall. If the call was not completed, nobody was aware of any cell phone call from that plane.
Planes can disappear for a variety of reasons: terrorist explosion, a terrorist pilot (there was a plane in California where the pilot had a disagreement with the air line and deliberately flew the plane into the ground), mechanical failure, metal fatigue, etc. Did anyone hear about the planes that disappear over the Bermuda Triangle?
Flight 800 was not an accident.
I think its rather disgusting that the media instantly descend on the families asking this and that BEFORE the family even has a chance to react to the news. I guess that's the media's thing - show the public the shocked reaction of family members to get the rating.
This $#!T sells... enabled people need this.
They've gone to a great deal of effort money and research to conclude that this is the kind of thing that sells papers and People magazine and all the rest..
How far can a fully loaded 777 fly before running out of fuel. Has anybody thought of the possibility this flight has been hi-jacked and is now on the ground at an unknown location to be used at a later date/time for purposes unknown?
I was actually thinking the same thing. Maybe the terrorists on board knew how to disable the radar so they could take the plane anywhere and use it for a surprise terrorist attack.
Don't think this is a stealth jetliner. They can disable the transponder so it can't be identified, but they can't remove the radars ability to see and track it.
#$%$- the radar is on the ground, looking up at planes. There are too many, manned by many different countries, to disable. The "hijackers" would have had to lower the plane to less than a 100 feet and fly it near sea level. Even then, radar would be able to pick them up- a 777 is just too big. U.S. radar pick up small drug-runners in the Caribbean all the time.
That was my initial reaction.....a hi-jacking to another country but if this were the case, then they wouldn't have found the huge oil spill in the ocean. So the hi-jacking to move occupants to foreign soil is rather unlikely, nevertheless a hi-jacking may have ensued bringing the plane down in the ocean. Either way it is truly heartbreaking.
Yes, the thought did cross my mind. I read they had fuel for 7.5 more hrs. when it went missing. Someone on another thread even mentioned flying under the radar and dumping some fuel to give them time to complete their agenda. This would mean they are not acting alone and someone was wiling to allow the plane to land in their country.
Let's not let speculation & conjecture over shadow what appears to be a tragic loss to many, many families around the world. Pray for them.
Terrible tragedy. We have evolved to become a world where no matter how safe we think we might be, we are in harms way, from the unintentional, unexpected, and deliberate acts of intent and design to destroy.
We evolved? So before we evolved nobody was ever in harms way?
No it means what has occurred up to this point of our evolving, implying that this global society (world) is still evolving.
So very sad! As a mother of grown children whose jobs take them on many long flights, I worry constantly. I am so very sad by another flight going down. It's horrible enough when it happens as an accident, but if this is more murder in the air, it is nightmarish for everyone.
What about the two American children?! Were they with an adult? Also, if the Aussie passport of a passenger listed was stolen two years ago (according to USA Today), that would be a possibility for intentional harm...Who was the actual person flying?
Sounds like those two 'American' kids were anchor babies ...
JMO, it was not Aussie (Australia), it was Austria (Eueropean country)
There were three Americans on board. Aren't the other two worth writing about. All we hear of in the media is Philip Wood.
The other two were 4 and 2 years old.
The parents were Chinese....they we children. Its sad that we cant talk more about them, they hardly had time to make memories and experience life.
Regardless of what might have happened to this plane, it only makes it a very sad story to listen to. I pray that the passengers be found alive. Their loved ones must be so troubled now.
I really admire the faith of this brother, no anger, just questions. I know what it is like to lose 3 brothers. For those who have no faith, it is nearly impossible for me to explain the confidence and hope that you have in the face of danger or loss. I have many friends with no faith who believe that Life is either a big accident / extreme coincidence; they only believe in themselves. I have seen many blame God, when moments before hearing the devastating news, swore that there was no God. I know they have a heart, so I do sympathize, but it does seem a little illogical for them to be angry when, this life is just an accident. I truly pity them because they miss the assurance and trust that I have and they seem to claim that I am screwed up for believing that there is a lot more to this than just walking the earth and dieing.
Can you write a longer comment? sheesh
@ Mark, I was contributing to offset all the awful and negative comments. In the future I hope to keep it shorter and sweeter, but I should try to include substance...unlike the media...
What a sad day for the family of those aboard the flight. It is the not knowing, that kills. May sympathy goes to those concern. Am with you all the way and feel for you. Should i say my condolences?
It's heartbreaking to think of the passengers and the amount of fear they felt when the plane went down. It's doubly worse to think of the families left behind trying to make sense of it all. My sincere condolences to the families and the lives these passengers left behind.
Think of the poor Iraqis to which Madeline Albright when asked on 60 MInutes whether our embargo, no fly zones and destruction of infrastructure resulted in the deaths of 500,000 Iraqi kids, replied, "We think it was."
@Rightster, precisely how are you equating the 2 tragic events? So, to your logic, if something terrible happens, then we must find something worse to make it all okay? Please take your nonsense elsewhere. Leave the rest of us to our empathy for the loss of lives. I'm disengaging and will not respond further. I'd suggest the same for others. DO NOT FEED THE TROLL
All those aboard that flight is in my thoughts and prayers, as well as their families during this tragic time.
My deepest sympathy to all involved! Stay strong and help each other!
My heart and sincere condolences go to family and friends who are suffering right now.
How about the Air Marshal onboard. Besides the pilots' communication and black boxes, do the covert protectors have any devices to notify any ill-events within a split of a second as a source of revelation for the cause of the jet airliners disappearance. I pray with implore to god that they are all safe and sound to come back to their loved ones.
I wouldn't be flying any trans-pacific flights in the immediate future. There was a plot in the past by muslim terrorists to take down 11 planes over the Pacific. The plot failed. A test run was conducted for this plot in in 1994; a Boeing 747-283B was flying from Cebu Philippines to Tokyo, when a bomb planted by terrorist Ramzi Yousef exploded, killing one passenger and damaging the control systems. It was a part of several linked unsuccessful terrorist attacks involving up to 11 planes crossing the Pacific. 57-year-old Captain Eduardo "Ed" Reyes and his crew were able to land the aircraft, saving the plane and all the remaining passengers and crew. The bomb was set to go off while the plane was over the ocean and away from airport landing facilities, 4 hours after the bomb had been placed. The plane was late taking off from Cebu Airport, so the plane was close enough to an Okinawan airport for a successful emergency landing. Authorities later determined that a passenger on the aircraft's preceding leg was Ramzi Yousef. He was later convicted of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing. Yousef boarded the flight under the fake Italian name "Armaldo Forlani" using an Italian passport.
Take that ugly kid in your picture with you, if you do. Wow what a dork looking kid.
@ Gus.. whats wrong with you?? by the way Mr. B. thats just plain paranoid dont you think that you are overdoing this "Muslim terrorists' thing? they have not even found the blackbox for god's sake.
The us government funds alqaeda terrorists in syria.
Hey B. You need to use quote marks when quoting other peoples work....
The terorists have won if you plan on stopping to fly because of this. They want to disrupt yor everyday life and make you live in fear.
Just stop all flights in and out of the Islamic Empire of Terror.
The terrorists have won ever since the PATRIOT ACT.
I really wish you reporters would quit posting stories on this until we actually know the fate of the plane. I really don't need a play by play of minutiae.
If they didn't report on it, you'd be complaining about that.
@ Justsomeguy: Maybe you're not the only person in the world the media are here to cater to? In the whole scheme of things, what one person needs or doesn't need is relatively inconsequential. Obviously lots of people DO want to know how this is evolving.
wish I could give the families a big hug for their loss of their family members A big hug form me and my family here if this helps.
I'm terrified of airplanes, not because of accidents, it is just some sort of phobia. I can't for the life of me relax on airplanes.
I share the same phobia. I don't fly unless I absolutely have too.
Me too! Only fly if I must -- which means only once in the last forty years, as a sibling was dying in a distant state.
Wonder what the water depth is at that point? Is a salvage attempt even possible?
Nothing but pure Speculation from everyone at this point. Eventually the facts will come out.
I'm leaning on UFO theory first. The second being a possible terrorist/want to make it look like a terrorist job is that, Who is/was the target? Anyone interesting on that flight that someone wanted offed? The very, very far distant third being an actual plane malfunction itself. Though that scenario is so unlikely that Mr. Slim and Mr. None is getting ready to walk out the door.
Please please please. This may sound stupid to all readers, but to the little level of my knowledge I think we can discover where this plane is if at all it crashed. I would want us to fly another plane from the same take off sight where the missing flight took off from, and allow the plane fly until the exact hour when we last get a call or information from the missing plane. This way, we would be able to search the area where the plane has fallen or crashed into. Please if I did not write to our understanding, someone else should interprete. Thank you and God bless.
Gr8 idea unless the plane changed course:(
Katie - this can be easily calculated mathematically by knowing the airspeed and time of departure. No need to recreate the flight itself. IT can also be determined based on the last known report or radar contact. This is how they have determined where to search.
The only other incident since the introduction of the 777 was at SFO - but that was totally pilot error - they "landed" before the runway began. Supposed to be one of the safest jets there is. No "may day?" - just the sudden loss of communication ? That I think would indicate a VERY sudden occurrence. Am very sad for ALL of the lost souls and their families - unfortunately this is going to be a HUGE NTSB investigation. Planes don't disappear under water without debris, especially if it hit with any velocity.
True, though as they don't know exactly where it went down, it is the proverbial needle in a haystack trying to find that debris. :-(
Only other incident of the 777 was at sfo?? Where were you when speedbird 38 crash landed??
Why would the NTSB be involved?
777 again is not to blame on this one. That bird is my bird of choice!
NTSB? Investigating a Malaysian Airlines flight over Vietnam?
Fkin China shot this plane down, mistaken US spy plane. Nuke China now before it's too late.
Christin actually thinks that the American agency NTSB is going to be involved is comical ;) It wasn't an American jet, nor was its crew, nor was its departure nor destination point, nor did it crash in American territory. Daaaaaaaaaa.
They said two stolen passports were on the plane but no one knew who was using them,so maybe an inside job???? I don't doubt anything,never did!
This is all they have so far! Malaysia Airlines plane missing: Stolen passports raise suspicions of terrorism Both say their passports were stolen. Italian Luigi Maraldi and Austrian Christian Kozel have confirmed that they were not on the flight. Austria’s foreign ministry spokesman, Martin Weiss, told media outlets on Saturday that the Austrian citizen - without naming Kozel – was safely living in… Christian Science Monitor
The latest report is that there was 2 passengers with stolen passports on board this plane, i wonder what they represented. Will we ever know if they are the cause?
Our prayers to all 239 passengers and crew members on the plane, and to their family and friends as well. May all of us be united and strong in this catastrophic event. This isn't the time to cause hate but a time to create a powerful force of Unity. There's no guarantee that they will be found alive, but to be found, is good enough.
Apparently an American company has said they had 20 employees on that flight as well.
From what I read, 12 were Malaysian, and eight were Chinese.
38 Malaysian passengers, 12 crews all malaysians. Yes, the company based in KL had sent 20 senior managers and managers to Beijing on one month training. The remaining 9 were supposed to travel the next day. The 9 managers are now holding the fort and the company may not recover its operations for months
Best wishes, blessings, and prayers to the families of all the people that were aboard that plane including the two little angels. no passports are needed to enter heaven :)
Adam Air 574. Disappeared without a distress call. When I say 'disappeared' I mean disappeared straight down into the ocean at such a ridiculous speed it began to break up before it ever got wet. Causes listed were grave pilot error, faulty maintenance, etc. Point? It doesn't have to be terrorism...Maybe it is, maybe not.
Someone explain to me how those two other Americans are Asian in origin and only 4 and 2? Do they know that 50 year old American as well?
For years I had a passport from a different country than my children. If the 2 and 4 year old were born in the US to Chinese parents, they would qualify for a US passport, the parents would still have Chinese (or whatever) passports however.
My heart and prayers go out to the families and friends who lost a loved one on this flight.
So sad for everyone involved and their families. I don't know why it strikes me as particularly sad about the children...the infants and the 4 and 2 yo mentioned here. Not just because they were children; it is always horrible when they die..but they had no clue what was happening..and everything they would have been and everything they would have done will never come to be: a whole lifetime of living.
Man I got a feeling this isn't going to tun out good. I bet they are pulling every bit of video our satellites might have.
of course it's not going to #$%$ turn out good. One of the few near-certainties about it, is that they're all gone.
While we may not know exactly what is happening, I think it's fair to say whatever it is, is pretty bad. My hopes and prayers to the passengers and crew, and of course, my heart goes out to the many bewildered families.
Very sad. My condolences to his family. God Bless.
got a gut feeling malaysian airlines have communicated with the plane and they know what happened, its just that they dont want us to know what happened except the next of kin of the passengers. whatever it may be the families of the affected may find peace and closure.
Fkin China shot this plane down, mistaken US spy plane. Nuke China now before it's too late.
I think the airline probably has an idea, but the freedom of the press, the freedom of information is different in other countries, so the government may have a greater ability to spin the story.
Think about it,how could there have ben a catastrophe with a 777??? impossible.There would be SOME evidence of a broken wing, piece of landing gear,something floating.By now,they would have been scouring the areas where it dissappeared off the radar so you take that reference and do a huge search on the ocean,by now thy would have found something.something else happened.
With todays technology we can't even find a missing plane equipped with a black box with a pinging sound to help reveal its location.
But NSA knows what everyone is saying on the internet and on cell phones ...
It just stop showing up suddenly, no maydae, no sos, no screams, no cell phone calls, no bad weather, no debris, no witnesses and that's the strangest part. At 35,000 feet if this flight blows up with visibility brighter than a flare, or shooting star, not a single boat within 500 miles radius has reported seeing anything.
with all the security at the airports here in ASIA because i live and work here in china am from the USA how did 2 persons get on with 2 passports that were reported missing cant understand that security is very very secure here in Asia and the system is very HI TECH
Seems their HI TECH ain't so high tech if stolen passports can move through the system without raising some kind of red flag.
only a thought - but the power of the bribe can outpower high tech security.
dumb comment stating that you can't control all the cars around you therefore its still safer to fly.But look how many cars drive with you and pass you ,thousands a day.I've been driving 40 years and not one fender bender! Flying in an airplane, there are no other planes flying past yours.Imagine the risk with a thousand otehr aiplanes flying past you daily?? No way, I feel safer in a car regardless of the stats.Look at it this way,one mechanical failure and you could become vaporized or swimming with the fishes.In a car, it breaks down and you simply pull it over to the curb and get out!!
There are many planes in the air at all times; that's why planes have to wait in line to take off from airports and sometimes have to circle the airport a few times before landing. They call it "air traffic" for a reason.
When they make that stat, saml, they take into account the number of planes and cars that are in use every year -vs- the number of fatal crashes. With all of that info, you are still much more likely to die in a car crash. It's simple fact.
sami, all your posts are thumbs down, how about you just shut up?
I doubt this was terrorist related. Terrorist attacks are all about gathering attention to their cause, whatever it may be. We've got no idea what happened here -- a sign it was something sudden, but probably not a terrorist attack.
Why do you say that. Almost all aircraft bombings, like Lockerbie, were discovered way after the fact. They had to piece the whole 747 together to figure out what happened. And we already have an instant clue with the stolen passports...
Prior bombings always had terror groups claiming responsibility for the attack. This was also the case with Lockerbie. You'd also have to wonder why they chose to destroy the aircraft above the ocean, where it'll be almost impossible to determine the cause. In prior circumstances, the terror organizations likely had faith in the officials determining it was a bomb in the accident reconstruction. Idk, it just seems odd to me for a terror group to do something that will be so difficult to successfully trace to them.
there is way way insufficient evidence either FOR a terrorist act, or against one. there is nowhere near enough info, yet, all there is is a bunch of hysterical uninformed guesswork by some idiots online.
Many people claim responsibility, but not necessarily the actual group. 103 ended up being a different group tied to Kaddafi that did not claim responsiblity, but rather tied to the bomb maker. Either way, it is way too soon to tell. They need to find the debris field and see if it's all in one area (crashed intact) or spread out by miles and miles (broke up mid air).
There is very little evidence, which is why I'm just speculating. I'm just a guy with an opinion, no different than anybody else.
There were two passengers aboard the flight with stolen passports therefore nobody really knows who they were and whether they were terrorists.
That plane is at the bottom of the ocean. My condolences to the families and friends.
Am so sorry for his family and friends. This has been very difficult to follow waiting for the plane and passengers to be found. God Bless him .
It is a horrible situation like this that puts into perspective our petty political differences. The innocent are in our prayers.
A big 777 doesn't disappear from radar just like that, after all investigations are said and done black boxes recovered, I believe the cause will point to terrorism.
I did read in another article that one passenger was using a passport that had been reported stolen two years ago, and that the gentleman listed on flight manifest was in fact , not on the plane. I found this odd.
Having worked for the Airlines for many years, I always felt there needed to be a camera at the gate where they swipe your boarding pass. It wouldn't be helpful for the people on this plane but it WOULD be helpful in determining who the people were that were traveling on stolen passports . Since there has been some activity in this area recently, it will be necessary to find out if this is an organized effort and if so by who. God bless their souls and may they rest in peace.
Good idea...there could be some legal privacy issues with something like that though. There are some that would prefer to be anonymous.
Funny that there might be some legal prviacy issues after they have already x-rayed every body part as we go t.hrough security
People would scream their heads off about having their pictures taken!!!!
They'll never fly with stolen-passports again!
They didn't depart from china. They deprted from Malaysia.
With all the so-called security screening in airport's around the world why do stolen passports become discovered after the fact?..should be a way to flag stolen ID/passports with all the modern day technology....wth
I remember checking in in Ireland in 2009, and there were cameras at the security line which marched the traveler with luggage while luggage was on securty beltways. While these cameras were not for the purpose you propose, they collected the necessary information.
There are cameras at the check in point at Malaysian airport. The investigators from local team and FBI, the counter terrorism unit and other experts are studying the camera footage to identify the 2 persons with stolen passports.
Would bomb explosion or explosive decompression lead to oil slicks on ocean? Shouldn't explosion in the sky lead to more scattered debris like the China Airline Flight 611 or Pan Am Flight 103?
One would think so but we don't know at this time what brought the plane down.
You wonder if we will ever really know what happened, or will this be a flight 800 situation were they still don't know what really happened.
Find a bunch of qualified guys, willing and able to get hired in various areas of the airport (security and baggage handling, in particular), let them work there a few months to build up trust and learn the lay of the land, then bribe and/or threaten them to push a bomb onto a plane through the usual channels in such a way that the enclosing suitcase is only ever handled and monitored by those who are down with the program. Is that too outlandish to be what happened? A mechanical failure severe enough to cause an explosion on a Boeing 777 is far less likely than the scenario I just described.
Fkin China shot this plane down, mistaken US spy plane. Nuke China now before it's too late.
AngryMamaBrewer, There were Chinese citizens on the flight and it was headed for Beijing. Read the article before you comment.
No chance the crash was purely an ACCIDENT, eh? You must work for the American government ... spewing "terrorist" theories.
So sad God bless them I hope they didn t suffer much. Condolences to family and friends
whatever happened, I am sure will be found, regardless that no automatic emergency signal transmitted, if crashed at sea, deifnetely something will floating belonging to the airline,the bunker (oil floating at sea ) will be analyzed to determine if belongs to other ships or to the same plane... if crashed on land, sure can be traced, following the plane's course , Aviation mystery, aviation detectives will be engaged to find the answer....
That is what is baffling me.....the black box and emergency signal should be pinging like crazy right about now
The flight was a red eye so, how do we know that it wasn't hijacked and taken somewhere else. The #$%$ probably had boats in the water with lots of fuel to dump in the sea to make it look like it crashed. The transponders on the plane were probably damaged so they wouldn't know what happened to the plane.
Because all signs from flight tracker that lost it 51 minutes into flight and that no primary target has been seen leaving that area would tell you all you need to know.
Where are you going to land a 777 other than a major international airport or military base?
Why do bad things happen to good innocent people. I really hope they find the missing people
To the person(s) who would question why a person would post on facebook when they just want peace, Doesn't it make sense to make ONE statement to all family and friends and then say I want peace? I am one who would shut down my phone after I made my post. I would not want my phone ringing all day and all night but I would want to first tell people "Just give me peace." Wouldn't that be better than to not answer the phone or the door? It for sure is telling people what would help the most at the present time.
I thought planes are supposed to have a black box that is basically indestructible with GPS just so this type of thing can't happen? If they don't they should.
The transmitters on the black boxes have a limited range. One has to get somewhat near them to detect them - that's a big ocean out there.
True but the question that has been posed is why airplanes can't adopt a real time information system. The "black box" technology has not advanced much.
Some of the comments are just disgusting! What if your spouse, brother, sister, parent, child were on this plane? Would you think it funny that people were posting truly horrid comments? Are you trying to be funny? There were 3 Americans on board, this man and 2 children. There was another American passport, but that was reported quite some time ago that that passport had been reported stolen quite some time ago. If it was terrorism wouldn't someone have claimed knowledge or taken credit for it by now? I hope that it was quick. Given the choice between a 35,000 ft nose dive to the ocean or blowing up at 35,000 ft only one happens quick enough where you don't know it is happening.
Please don't monitor the comments and report on them for us. That's rude.
How dare you dwell on their possible last moments.
kc46, Booger Face and Rightster are just trying to be antagonistic. The other hateful, disgusting comments are from people just like those 2 idiots. And, you're right... the comments are distasteful, to say the least. I hope, for the sake of the passenger's loved ones, that investigators find out the truth behind this tragedy.
So the American lives matter more than all the others? That is what you are implying, kc46. Typical American who thinks that the whole world revolves just around this sick cuntry.
Timothy: Yes, the entire world DOES, in fact, rely and revolve totally on and around THIS country. You sound like a moron!!! The entire world depends upon on economy. The entire world depends upon our welfare and strength. Where have you been and do you know nothing of history? This country, in spite of all the progressives out there, has been and still is the greatest country in the entire world. We ARE losing it; but all is not lost quite yet. How DARE you imply anything other than that. By the way, America has NEVER taken up with the notion that our lives are more important than others. Read a little history and you will find we are a very tolerant and compassionate country. We always have been. Even when America dropped the atomic bomb over Japan, it was done to SAVE lives - NOT destroy lives. It worked!! You have been sitting around listening to the dear leader for too long. Get up and educate yourself and quit depending on what you hear on the news. And another by the way, you say America thinks its citizens lives matter more than anyone elses? Ever heard of Benghazi?
@Susan, I'm sure your post didn't mean to minimize the loss of human lives and I do understand what you're saying about our country and our beliefs. In defense of Timothy, I agree, no human life is more or less deserving. To your point: ( A-Bomb in Japan) Our country did force Japanese-Americans into internment camps, and we were wrong for that. But, it did not go unnoted by our government or our citizens. Under the Pres. Regan admin., $1.6 Billion was given to Japanese Americans who were confined and their heirs. Pres. Regan also specified that the wrong done to our Japanese friends was based on "race prejudice, war hysteria, and a failure of political leadership." At least, make an attempt to right the wrong we inflicted. What other country admits or attempts to atone for wrongdoing? So, for those who want to judge Americans, please save your criticism, we (especially myself) don't deserve the hateful comments. For the globally minded, border-free, humanitarians; our geographic location/origin doesn't prohibit us from feeling the pain of others who experience the loss of a loved one. . .
@Rightster- Why are you still here? Isn't it passed your bedtime. Effin troll! You seriously bug me.
Flying has lost its appeal to me, especially overseas flying. Too much trouble to aboard each time,and too many regulations and discomforts anymore. Besides, my ears will not allow me to travel. I have lost some of my hearing in my right ear due to a slow dissension when I flew to Memphis a few years ago. Private transportation or Tour Bus is the only way I do any traveling anymore. Only bad thing about tour bus is that sometimes it is your turn to sit on the "wheel"...which can be rather uncomfortable...forget about getting any shut eye when on the wheel. I am really sorry and feel for the families of these people who were aboard the plane. I have a friend who still does flight attendant work for American Airlines and I pray for her a lot, especially if she gets a overseas flight. She loves it...and loves the work and the interesting people she meets. This is sooo sad and in the dark of night as well. (I think ti was early a.m.)
I agree with you. My son and his family moved to Houston a year ago. I flew from Maryland in December - whole experience really was just fine, but I was anxious at both airports before the fights took off. I have driven to Texas twice and enjoyed the whole trip, but am getting afraid of the road rage!
Snickers ignore the troll D*ick Lugar.
Travel by train would be fun too
I like flying. I like omelets and shag rugs too. I still have my hearing, but i have an ingrown toenail.
I just recently had ear problems luckily I did not lose hearing.
20 employees on one plane wow?
We logged 10s of thousands of air miles as a result of assignments in Brazil, Egypt, Malaysia and Romania. This occurred between early 96 and late 2005. A reason I retired last year was the need to continue with so much travel. Nowadays, it just wears a person out. The fact that we have this story is a darned shame. When we flew out of KL, they had a pretty tight pre board security. This deal about the stolen passports, if we ever figure it out, is probably pivotal in figuring out what the heck happened. Regrets to the Wood family.
I too worked on both domestic and international assignments for 20 years that required me to fly in excess of 100+ flights per year and to be honest it was one of the main reasons I retired. Whatever happened is indeed a shame.
Aside from terrorism...what if there was an power failure in the plane, the pilots tried to ditch in the ocean, the plane landed intact or then broke apart and sank quickly.
they would have radioed on the way down.
Stupid question, I know nothing about these things, but if radar bounces off of metal and a plane was traveling at about 500 miles an hour, wouldn't a sudden explosion bounce radar off of many metal parts for miles? Seems there would be a stream of fragments that radar could pick up. And I do think there would be a LOT of debris close to an oil spill.
There were two passengers aboard that used stolen passports. What are the odds that since those passports were stolen at completely different times, that the same two stolen passports were used on this flight? It is an obviously an act that was planned. Call it what you want, terrorism comes to mind.....
Phil, so sorry you had to kick with mayonnaise. Condolences to his family.
With two oil spills and no debris fields could the plane dumped fuel proceeded to another area?
It is totally heartbreaking to lose people you love in a plane crash...(I know from first hand experience) prayers to all of the families and friends.
So sorry for your loss. . .words can not express.
Thoughts and prayers for the loss of souls on flight MH370. No matter what the cause be it mechanical failure or an expression of hate by the evil that lives amongst us it does not change the loss in the hearts of so many. May the spirit of peace ultimately be with you.
It is one thing to lose lives from a natural disaster that we cannot avoid or predict, and a totally different thing to lose lives in this way. People are getting paid to keep the planes in good condition, to ensure that terrorists do not ride the planes, to ensure that pilots are well-trained and well-rested etc. THESE PEOPLE SHOULD BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE! It is unacceptable every once a while to have to say "God bless their souls and give courage to those behind" because of disasters like this. What is preventable, should be prevented.
Want to wait until the cause of the crash is known before passing judgment?
What a stupid comment vassiliki. Had to be a Muslim terrorists bomb.
I get what you are saying. Vassiliki. I'm sure one way or the other the airlines will be held accountable. Equally, TSA should be held accountable. If this was terrorist related, yet another one slipped through the cracks!
I don't think TSA has any jurisdiction in Asia ... just guessing.
Sincere condolences to Phillip Wood's family and friends. I am very upset to learn that the other two Americans were just babies! They had a long life ahead of them, and I don't know if their parents were on board too, but I really hope that the families and friends can one day find peace. This moment of uncertainty must be terrifying. Not knowing is the worst.
How many babies do you think were burned alive by American pilots at Dresden? At Hamburg? An eyewitness account said that the whole maternity ward of mothers at Dresden was seen burned alive into charred skeletons.
Not sure the relevance of Dresden is here Dave but I'll bite. Well those Germans also killed numerous babies in Poland and the Soviet Union. Look up the Dirlewanger brigade. Also, many average Germans participated in the murder of women and children and many enjoyed it, if their letters are to be believed. It's not a coincidence that Germans have been anti-war since their cities were bombed and they had to suffer for it. The death of any babies are sad.
The relevance is that she made a comment about the dead American babies with a long life ahead. To me, all babies are precious and valuable, including those thousands who died at Dresden. -- (U.S. Army veteran officer and pilot)
Ok, that's fair. Yes, all babies are valuable.
Whatever the fate of these human beings, and their families, I just hope and pray that they are at peace. I do not envy the lack of news, or the possible outcome of this situation, no matter who they are, so my prayers are with them and their families, my thoughts are with them and their families though I know none of them. May they be at peace....
My wife and I fly often and I have white knuckles on every takeoff..not that that would help. but our choice is sit home in New Jersey or get on a plane and enjoy the travel..and I suppose, driving in NJ might be more dangerous..
all highway travel car bus truck is more dangerous, by far. I'm not sure about trains or what sea travel we still have left, but flying beats the hell out of a car for safety. I think I even FEEL safer. I love the take-off rush and landing rumble. the rest of a long-haul is a major bust.
Amazing the assumption's before they even found the wreckage of the plane. Now people on here posting about security at airports. How do you know it was not an accident?
When I first read about this I was hoping it was a transponder malfunction, guess thats not the case, hope they find at least some people, but it doesnt look too good.
My husband worked for IBM in Singapore for several years. He flew to Kuala Lumpur several times but never to Beijing. IBM is a large company but it hurts when something like this happens. We've lost one of our own in what seems to be suspicious circumstances. My condolences to his family. May he rest in peace.
I read the headline and read the article to see what Parish he was from.
If Religion of Peace terrorists brought down the plane, why did they target a plane with mostly Chinese nationals plus Malasian Muslims? Because of the Chinese (Muslim) Ugurs who fight for their separatist state?
Do you mean with all the technology we have today, we can not find a plane here on earth? How much more in space? The sad thing is most people believe in this technology or science so much that they think it is capable of proving there is no God, but yet it can not find a missing plane here on earth...
Technology doesn't have to prove there is no God...religion needs to prove there is first.
As pointed out already, IF any mishap eg. explosion THERE must be debris strewn all over the ocean. But, as it is, NONE. Though is unlikely now, in view of the two big oil slicks, still harbours hope that the plane had landed somewhere remote actually. Whatever, lets pray and hope for some miracles now.
This was a terrorist act... a not well thought out terrorist act at that... planes do not "just disappear" off of the radar. Plus, two passengers were held up because their passport were "stolen"? Yes, a terrorist act... but bungled. Idiots didn't even get their message across. So sad that so many had to perish for a foolish non successful attempt at some idiotic agenda.
As a retired U.S. Air Force member, I took a close look at the "Flight Radar" window/picture on the left at the top of this article. The "speed" was 471 knots which is right at 541 miles per hour. Now, look at the "vertical speed" as in climbing or descending......it shows zero feet per minute. In other words, it was on a straight and level course. Flight Radar indicates that it was reflecting these reading just about the same time the aircraft went off the radar. If the aircraft went down "intact" with the majority of the aircraft still together, the Flight Radar would have read a rapid vertical speed descent. I don't believe that was the case. I STRONGLY believe that this aircraft experienced a sudden catastrophic failure which would indicate an explosion in flight, totally destroying the majority of the aircraft while in a straight and level flight posture.
@Spectre: excellent post. I suspected since the beginning that this was terrorism as the plane was likely blown up at 35,000 ft. If mechanical failures, pilots , at least, could send disstress signal. They had no time to react here.
Spectre, you have more knowledge of airplanes than I ever will. But you are still nothing but an armchair pilot as the rest of us are. I love it when somebody thinks they all of a sudden know everything from just one or two blips they see on their computer sitting at home hundreds or thousands of miles away from those who are pouring over everything with more access to more resources.
Do you think the air plane was shot down?
@Spectre, thank you for your service to our Nation and her people. I have a question for you though...my first knee jerk "reaction" to this terrible news was terrorist's who are having the plane flown elsewhere...off course....would this be possible to go "blind" or "lost" on radar if indeed all equipment that signaled was disengaged and the plane taken off course? @Timothy, shut up twit, go do your homework before mom finds you on the computer.
I agree it is very unusual. Statistically most accidents occur during final approach and landing usually from run way overrun. Then the second most likely phase would be taxi and immediately after take off because that's when a mechanical failure is usually detected. This plane crash took place during the cruise phase. Which is the least common phase of the trip the plane will crash, and when it does its accompanied by all of the alarms, bells, and whistles that were absent with this crash. I wasn't in the Air Force. I was in the U.S Army actually and a part of my job was to coordinate with other aircraft flying through our restricted operating zones (ROZ's) in our area of operation (AO) and airspace over my forward operating base (FOB) in Afghanistan similar to what an air traffic controller does. I'm just speculating but its probably a bombing.
I agree Spectre. I am of the belief that it was blown out of the air. May be a fuel explosion, explosives on board or a missile from China, it was in the South China sea, China wants the whole South China sea and it threatening aircraft in an area.
My brother in law, a retired AF Brgi Gen who at one time flew AWACS planes, said the very same thing.
What about BOTH pilots committing murder & suicide......
=Islamic "POS" terrorists....when are we going to learn? the world needs to stamp out this pathetic "religion"
Well if they are dead I sure hope that it all happened as suddenly and immediately as you say. Plummeting hundreds of miles per hour so fast that your organs shift in a steel can is certainly one of the worst ways to go.
Also, that the crew did not issue a distress call strongly suggests that they did not have time to. Something catastrophic happened.
Just to shine some light, this was already known and reported and officials said that the pilots never gave any indication of going down or something happening which means the plane suffered an explosion. They also reported two people on board used stolen passports and could be related.
No it wasn't shot down Pheezy, a couple of Jahids with stolen passports and bombs in their suitcases gave their last full measure in the name of Ali and the Qur'an. Ali Akbar and where's my 97 virgins.
Thanks for your knowledge... I am just sickened!! I will pray for all...
If so, where is the debris field? At that altitude it should be scattered all over the ocean. I suspect foul play by UFO. Not kidding either.
While your analysis MAY be true, I'll bet we don't have all the facts, and IF the authorities had radar or other indications of a sudden plunge to the sea, they probably wouldn't show THAT radar indication until they found the wreckage and so were certain the plane went down.
And what are all the possibilities that would casue a catastrophe in midair??The same fate as the air france or a terroist bomb? The bomb theory I dont buy ,usually theres never a bomb on board that strong to obliterate a big jet.Just a hole in the fuselage but the crew could do a distress call in thatr time.so what esle could it be Mr. expert?
Thanks for your insight. You gave much more than the news will at this point, and I understand why they won't but it's still nice to have some common sense and some educated guesses thrown in. By the way, thanks for your service from a former peacetime army grunt.
I am a retired and highly decorated general of the west Tennessee RC airplane association and this happened one time to one of my model aircraft when the elevator and elevator tab was not attached correctly...devastation with parts strewn for 100 feet in every direction.
you know what? lets see the real situation here people lost their lives cmon have a heart enough of the speculation and arguments look at the human tragedy here God forbid it ever happened to you? I fly thousands of miles every year I think about it all the time it makes me appreciate life , family, friends. So cmon have a heart for these people and stop bickering FFS they dont have the choise you have IT WAS TAKEN FROM THEM!!!!
Bush Knew! (sorry, went full rhetard)
I agree that it had to be a sudden catastrophe. If this were a slow developing situation, passengers would have been contacting loved ones, to this point I have heard of no reports of that. As well as no radio transmission from the cockpit. One report says that these newer technically advanced aircraft also transmit all flight data in real time, in this case, to Boeing and to Malaysia Airlines. That data would also contain speed, current altitude, rate of ascent or descent, global positioning, etc.
Retired Air Force member you are not! It blew up due to a bomb on flight
Where are the terrorist groups claiming responsibility?
There would be tons of floating debris if it did blow up....not eveyr thing would sink.
Kurt......Yes sir I am a retired AF member with over 21 years service.. I stated that there was an "explosion". I didn't say a bomb. An explosion can be caused by a number of things on board an aircraft such as a fuel tank, structural failure of an integral part of the aircraft and a number of other things to include, as YOU said, a bomb. Go drink a beer or something and calm down before you pop a vein and it's not "on flight".......it's "in flight".
It was a Muslim Animal…..NO questions about it, now it is time to DELETE their country!!!!
I think so too. God speed to those who perished and their loved ones. So damn sad and tragic. If in fact it was terrorism, I also think it's time for the world to ban together and get rid of these sub humans.
It is possible that something knocked out communications and the plane broke up upon impact. Otherwise, how can the plane be in a million pieces but the two oil slicks are not.
Great point .....I'm just thinking wouldn't even total explosion leave some debri ? Would there even be a oil slick IF it was from the plane & IF it exploded ?.
I agree with you and pray for all those involved
I agree. This has all the indications of an in-flight explosion, and since the Boeing 777 has such a stellar safety record, my conclusion is that a bomb was detonated and it almost instantly destroyed the aircraft -- so quickly that the very experienced pilot had no time to react or to communicate with air traffic personnel. I believe this was a very carefully planned terrorist act that took the lives of so many innocent people.
This is horrible..horrible..those poor souls..I hope they didn't suffer... not one second...May their souls rest in peace..
seats float.So where is all the debris?? experts my azz. it had to had to have plunged in at a 90 deg(or close) to prevent breaking apart
being a retired US af member is not a credential for an investigator on how an aircraft went missing.
Maybe the plane was hijacked, communications were cut off, and they landed somewhere completely off course.
@ James, if the plane was hijacked and communications cut off, wouldn't radar follow the craft if they knew where the last communication and siting was?
TWA 800 was followed on radar even AFTER the fuel tank explosion which downed the plane. Something caused the aircraft to disintegrate in mid air.
Yes all that and the fact that two passengers had stolen passports makes it look like a terrorist operation is a possible scenario.
@Sophia My thoughts exactly! When TWA flight 800 blew up midair you could see wreckage and debris floating on the surface ocean (even burning from the fuel). What i think is either cataphoric or terrorist attack that caused the plane plunge straight down nose first or even like a belly flop. This crash reminds me of almost like the Air France flight from Brazil to France. It took several days for the military to find pieces of the aircraft then 2 years to find the main fuselage.
Reading lots of different views here and speculation as to what happened. Those that poo poo the ideas expressed by the posts from former or current pilots, those with relevant military experience, etc., should consider that these people probably have more experience to make an intelligent comment than you who are so quick to judge. None of these people's posts claim to know what really happened.They are just speculating and that should be OK to do. I view them as people just throwing out ideas to ponder. People commenting rudely here, giving no creed to those who have done some thinking about how this tragedy MIGHT have been caused, should be more tolerant. If you have some ideas to share or just want to express grief and sorrow, great... If not, stay out of the conversation, PLEASE.
It amazes me in this era of so much surveillance and computer everything, that there is not a satellite or control tower image of some kind. To just lose site of 239 people is crazy. I know the plane has the black boxes, but isn't anybody else watching planes by other means? The other thing is are we being told the truth. I am surprised and pleased to see most poters here offering prayers for all involved. That is truly awesome how many mentions of. God and peace. I also offer prayers for those on the plane and their families and friends.
Air France flight 447 did not radio any distress call and left an oil slick. When the black box was recovered, it was found to be pilot error. "When Air France flight 447 crashed on a stormy night off Brazil in 2009, it took its secrets with it to the bottom of the Atlantic. There was no distress call, no sign of trouble before the plane disappeared." Also, radar has a horizon similar to the visual horizon. A plane is visible on the radar as long as it is high in the air. It does not have to fall to sea level to disappear. Enemy bombers during WWII used the trick of flying low under the radar's horizon to sneak up on targets.
@Thomas.... I am in the AF... i am a RAPCON ATC controller.... i merely pointed out that the orginal post comes from someone who said they are retired AF. For all we know he flipped pancakes. Saying you are retired military is not a credential. Everyone has an opinion but that's all it is.... especially on a yahoo article. Nice try.
furthermore.... the "flight radar" that the original post eluded to is not apart of the NAS.... so there is no telling how accurate the information is.
You do realize there are Foo Fighters all over the skies, which are capable of turning anything to dust? They might never find the plane.
I mean you do realize that on 9/11, practically no debris hit the ground, it all turned into that dust cloud that everyone was running away from. There was no measurable seismic activity, and those people on the second floor who survived, looked up and saw the sky above them, and they weren't squashed. The lower level was not damaged, at all. The electricity was still on, and the cars in the lower parking lots were not damaged.
MAYBE THE PLANE HASNT DISAPPEARED AT ALL!!!!!
Thank you for your input, truly.
I hope your're wrong but with 2 people using stolen passports, all was not right with that flight.
I think you are right. Authorities know EXACTLY what happened…we probably won't ever know the real truth however.
It also says the altitude was zero, something is amiss with that data.
Thank you for your expertise, Spectre. Greatly appreciated. I agree with charles, but hope this was just an unimaginable tragedy. Prayers to all the families.
Yep, pretty well established it had leveled off at cruise and then bam. Has to be a catastrophic event. Even the bozo pilots in the Air France incident, who essentially dropped out of the sky, had plenty of time to mayday, but they didn't even know they were hurling towards the sea, which I guess they attributed to too much simulator training. Boggles my mind. But in the right circumstances, I suppose anything can happen. Here though, there wasn't any bad weather, no CAT which has never been catastrophic enough to bring down a major passenger jet, nor anything else. Something on the plan blew up, or something incapacitated the pilots AND took the airplane off autopilot AND vectored it into an unsustainable flight profile. That's almost impossible. Look at the lear jet example with the professional golfer. It just drones on. An explosion, even though it was late, probably would have been seen by traffic in the air or on the sea as a burning fireball. Haven't heard anything on that. My guess is that this was a attempting hijacking where the pilots became incapacitated and they couldn't recover the airplane or one of the pilots was committing suicide.
Until there is more news about what happened the only comment I want to make is, My thoughts and prayers go out the families and friends waiting for news of their loved ones on this plane...
The media is trying to point this to terrorism. I dont think it was terrorism, I think they're only saying that so people have an invisible hand to blame and sink their teeth into. I cant say Im close understanding anything, but I figure if I was a terrorist, I'd want to make a statement. I would want everyone to know my intent and agenda's. I would want to make sure I went out knowing I caused distress to the people that have wronged me (All this hypothetically of course) But I certainly wouldn't want to go out leaving people not knowing, that my message and anger didnt get across. If this is a terrorist then why so silent?
we need to know the facts before saying it is anything in particular
@karen I know. But this was just my speculation.
I initially thought terrorism as well, but then had the same thoughts as you. They like to go down big and bad to make a point.
I don't think people were really calling it terrorism, other than as a knee-jerk reaction because that's the world we live in now, until it came out that two of the passports registered on the plane were stolen and the people who used them weren't who they claimed. That one could give you a moment of pause, though. But you're right, when something like this happens there are usually immediate claims, even by people who didn't do it.
Two people on this flight used passports that were stolen at different times... Just a coincidence.......No i don't think so...it was planned
Two stolen passports used by passengers and two Muslim pilots. This isn't difficult.
Uh, Joe? Malaysia is a mostly-Muslim country. Two Muslim pilots? Not that unusual.
I must say that I am sorry to all the families and their friends as things do not look good at this moment. I would like to say keep hope until the proof comes otherwise. May God be with all of you and help you through what is a very hard time right now. Closure is the best thing either way, the not knowing is what breaks a heart to the point of no repair. I will keep you all in my thoughts and prayers.
God is the one who swatted that airplane to the ocean. I don't think he grieving families want anything else from God. ...and don't bother arguing with me. Because if you disagree, you are betraying your own faith. Think about it, you ignorant p.o.s.
Broken hearts DON'T repair.... They beat on with assistance of hope / faith / & love.....
In the middle of a clear black sky a huge jet blows up at 35,000 feet making the night sky light up brighter than the Aurora Borealis lights and yet not a single witness from a boat or ship or camera or satellite has anything . It disappears. Not even the best sophisticated terrorist wants to do that, they want the spectacle of terror to unfold in everyones plain view so I don't think this fits the modus operand of Terrorism.
great point crosswalker. you just ruined fox news chubby.
Yep, crosswal - it fits the liberal agenda much better to keep thing in politically correct range up until all the facts are out ... and then to wrap it up into something easy consumable to the public. Main thing is not to hurt feelings of anybody!
I am sure there are satellite pictures somewhere. It still could be terrorism maybe they are just not very good at there jobs.
I'm disgusted by all the negative and disrespectful comments. I knew one of the sons from college, and my brother is best friends with the other. If their Dad was anything like them, he was a great man. Shame on those of you who are making jokes or criticizing the ex-wife for posting about this tragedy on facebook. And same goes for you people who are posting racist comments, or complaining that the two innocent young children aren't getting as much air time. In my opinion, the media needs to report the facts and stop posting photos of these poor family members' reactions in the airport and social media pics of the victims. 239 have most likely died, and some of you decide to troll with these crass comments rather than mourn the world's loss? These passengers are mothers, fathers, children, and dear friends to many others. I hope that everyone who has been touched by this tragedy finds peace, and that the rescue workers can quickly and safely find the plane to help bring closure.
We have real time satellites that can read the date off of a quarter from space any time around the clock and we have lost a Boeing 777 and nobody saw the plane or knows where it went down? but I bet they can tell you what's in your blog or your phone calls from 5 years ago.... something is wrong with all this technology when it can do all the wrong type of spying on citizens, but it cannot find a big #$%$ missing plane or know that Russia was going to take over Cremia.. all that intelligence is pointed in the wrong direction; should be pointed at outside the U.S. and not inside the U.S.
That's what they want you to believe about sats. So you did, and all the ups did. Sad.
Nature sure is scary. We'll never dominate her with our gadgets and inflated sense of self worth.
Commenter is correct. The satellite would have to be pointed in exactly the right direction for a picture to be taken. The plane was moving making it all that much harder.
Sad -- doubt we will ever know the truth. The powers that be have a way of keeping us in the dark by "reporting"; but not really reporting.
Sure the stolen passports are suspicious, but lots of rich criminals in the region that could travel on false papers. Then again, they would have to look somewhat western based on the names Luigi & Christian. Unfortunately, the next area of focus would be the Arabic names of the pilots, sadly look back at Silk Air and the Egypt Air suicides by Arabic pilots. This would have been a possible point in the flight that one of the crew left for the head or food, just like Egypt Air, same point in the flight, allah Akbar.....splash.
I've been thinkin......you think too much
I pray that I am wrong but if this is a terrorist act this might not be the end of it. There would be no claim of responsibility if they intended to repeat this act of terror. Just kind of strange that not one but two stolen passports, maybe more, were used to purchase boarding passes. Maybe it is common that individuals obtain boarding passes with fake ID every flight be I doubt it. Jemaah Islamiyah is very active in the region and we all know they can put together effective explosives like the Bali nightclub attack in 2002. If that is the case I hope NSA has it's ears on and not just eavesdropping on conservative news reporters.
I was with you till theat last sentence, you lost me theret. I gather you don't like our current president, but he's killed a lot of terrorists, including bin Laden.
Why would someone pray that they're wrong?
We are wrong or right, what is the difference? I would pray for the rest of my life if my prayer could bring those people back !!!!!!!!!
Kings is no-man, just a dummy with a penis & sh:t for brains.
Fkin Commie China shot this plane down, mistaken US spy plane. Nuke China now before it's too late.
My condolences to all the family victims. God will always give us the encouragement to move on. God knew this incident would happen at this particular time, but why did He not prevent it from happening? This is a big question. God has everybody's number on his palm. He calls our number whenever it is our turn to exit. How we die is irrelevant to God, because no one dies anyway.but transition. Again, my sympathy goes to all the family victims. Eventually, the plane and the victims bodies would be found either in the depth of the ocean or in the Malaysian jungle.
First the china go on strike at an IBM factory. Now an IBM exec disappears in a mysterious plane crash and the two passengers were using stolen passports for travel. So it could possibly the potential for being terrorism by the hire of the china government. Plus... China is a communist country and they don't believe in any religion and they have always have an eye to arrest or make it difficult for any people who believe in any religion. And this plane had 154 Chinese that went to Malaysia for some kind of religion meeting and they were the buddhists. So anything possible. Communist is always communist. Devil forever.
Why do you seem to know more than the media does ?
If you were going after IBM, you'd probably dream a little bigger than one, semi-retired, mid-level manager.
what is this?other news article said after 1 hr and in this article after 2 hrs, what is the exact time?
the had crossed a TIME ZONE, so depending on which article and it's source's location, it could read either 1 hr. or 2 hrs.
I am an American of Chinese (Taiwan) descent. I have a typical Chinese last name but an American first and middle name. Someone with the highest thumbs up on this forum stated that it was a coincidence that there were two stolen passports and the two out of three Americans who perished happened to have Chinese names. "Two of the people on the plane had stolen passports. I guess that could be a coincidence." So based on that person's logic, anyone who has a foreign name, or foreign last name is not truly an American. Stop jumping to conclusions and focus on the real human issue we have here. People died on this flight. Whether they were Chinese, American, Muslim, Christians, Buddhists, they were still humans. They do not have less of a right than you to coexist and live.
Well said, I couldn't agree more!!
Some people are just ignorant, we can't change their ignorance...If they would have actually read a little further like on the Yahoo Philippines page, the stolen passports were Italian and Austrian, stolen out of Thailand over a year ago....
I find it more offensive than racist. These are human lives we are talking about. I was raised in a Christian/Buddhist family and I find it appalling that people will use this incident to promote their agendas.
"Two of the people on the plane had stolen passports. I guess that could be a coincidence." The reaction to that by the American of Taiwanese descent is typical of too many in this country: relishing every opportunity, however remote, to accuse others of racial prejudice and hate against them. Of late it has been mostly the #$%$ (Slur? Think again. They themselves sometimes use the word to describe themselves!).
Well Michael, I am going to first of all assume that you have not encountered racism in your life? I wonder why?
Kind of touches close to home. I work closely with IBM design teams - IBM own our code for the system I work on. So sad for everybody who has missing family members. My sincere condolences.
close to home for me to. I work in dallas with IBM, I had to check our employee database when I read this to see if he had ever worked here. (he never did)
We might work for same company. Our headquarters is in Dallas.
It's a sad thing to happen. It's bad enough worrying about mechanical problems, add the low life terrorist to it and makes it twice as bad. I fly international almost weekly, and I hate flying. I know how people in the USA complains about the TSA, but many airports here in Asia are not that meticulous at inspecting anything. I hate it and everyone else does, but I had rather be screened, scanned, and frisked to board a plane than to have something like this happen. I took a flight from here, two "people" in full burkas boarded the plane, I didn't throw a fit, but told the Attendant I would take another flight at my expense. They boarded in front of me, was not searched or touched. After I said something, the other passengers complained, the two women refused to remove the face mask, even in private, so they either volunteered to leave or were kicked off, but left. In parts of Asia and the Middle East they are allowed to fly in those face mask. I have to fly to the USA next month, and if there was any other way of getting there, I would take it. Flying over the North Pole gives me the shakes. My sympathy to the families of these people, whether it was Terrorist or anything else.
They were probably too busy searching the old lady in a wheel chair and making her peel her adult diapers.
Oh! I have slipped the surly bonds of earth And danced the skies on laughter-silvered wings; Sunward I've climbed, and joined the tumbling mirth Of sun-split clouds - and done a hundred things You have not dreamed of - wheeled and soared and swung High in the sunlit silence. Hov'ring there I've chased the shouting wind along, and flung My eager craft through footless halls of air. Up, up the long delirious, burning blue, I've topped the windswept heights with easy grace Where never lark, or even eagle flew - And, while with silent lifting mind I've trod The high untresspassed sanctity of space, Put out my hand and touched the face of God. Pilot Officer Gillespie Magee No 412 squadron, RCAF Killed 11 December 1941
your point? every pilot knows this poem. so what? how does this relate to commercial accidents?
no, i am a pilot. the poem is immaterial.
It was written by a pilot in the British RAF Who died in combat in WW2
not that it really matters but he was RCAF, died in midair collision (not combat) with a british trainer over england and some of his sonnet was taken from other writers. my point was: what does this have to do with the article?
They are STILL screwing this story up! The plane was NOT in the air for 2 hours, only 1 hour. The reason they keep saying two hours is because the idiots haven't realized there is a time zone the plane is crossing which adds an hour. Now you might think... So? What the big deal? Well it a big deal because it is raising conspiracy talk of a cover-up due to it being impossible that the airliner to have only been travel 191 miles per hour (instead of at least 382 mph).
slam is truly a beautiful, holy religion. Just ignore the fact they cut off heads, love the N/\zi's, blow up women and children, follow a murderous hate-filled Koran, are brainwashed and blood-stained barbarians, have an illiterate, perverted, psychopathic, rapist, pedophile prophet who had sex with a 9 year old girl, boys and a dead woman, and a procurer god who rewards killers with virgins. Except for these minor points, Islam is marvelous. /\/\uzzies are rabid anti-semites because the Jews have shown that these cowards can be easily beaten over and over again, a message they do not want the world to get as they pursue their hopeless dream of establishing a caliphate across the world. Islam is a virulent disease spreading across the globe and threatening the world with dark ages of hatred and death. Mohammed is clearly the anti-Christ and Muslims the minions of satan. It is necessary for all Christians, Hindus and Jews to accept that we are in the middle of WWIII, and start acting accordingly. Every Muslim must be thrown out of Europe and the US as their culture and values are incompatible with ours. Every madrassah and mosque and Koran must be destroyed.
And Ted Bundy was a Muslim? He raped and murdered women. What about Jeffery Dahmer, who raped men, and ate them, was he also a Muslim? The Green River killer, who raped and murdered women? Was he also a Muslim. Catholic Priest that rape little Catholic boys, are they Muslims?
Many are suspected of being the anti-Christ. Have you done in digging into the Roman Catholic church? if not, you'd be surprised at what you find.
You took the words right out of my mouth. Thank you for your post!
answer to "onetruth" ; All Muslims are not terrorists, but almost ALL terrorists have been Muslim.
Every faith besides Muslim believes that when we get to heaven...we wont have a need for sex as the soul will transcend to a place where you will already be in paradise. I have never understood their promise for 70 something virgins for all eternity to men who lose their lives for the sake of Islam. What about those poor girls who will be this guys sex slave for all eternity? Is that then hell for them? I once asked a Muslim ok.....if a guy blows himself up for Allah.....what does a good woman who does the same get? (I was kinda hoping he would say....70 something virginal men who will worship her for all of eternity. LOL! Now, I could go for that!) Alas, that is not what he said. He said.....that woman would have the love of Allah and be held up in heaven as special! That's it...I asked? That is all a woman gets. He said, That is all a woman needs. I find the whole thing absolutely absurd!
I hope people don't feel this story is suddenly more important because there was an American on board. I think its irrelevant which nationality each passenger was, it's a tragic, worrisome story regardless.
Unfortunately, they are all gone. Nobody has heard anything over 24 hours and flying over water. Reality is now setting in.
Agree. This is pretty much over. I highly doubt anyone is alive at this point.
if the 777 lost communication and u turned to try and make it back to Malaysia which mean they had a problem both military and civilian radar show no signs of falling wreckage this is just weird
The plane could have been hyjacked & stolen
My sincerest sympathies to all those who lost their lives and to their friends and families.
Why don't the airlines have a list of passports that are reported stolen? They could easily check the list and when a person presents a stolen passport, they could demand further identification or detain them until they could be confirmed. I have a sick feeling it was those with the stolen passports that brought this plane down. I hope a lesson will be learned and protocol will be changed for all the airlines.
If passports had finger prints, no one else could use them.. .. prayers to all involved..
Mar I take it you don't travel much.& haven't seen other passports besides an American passport. The rest of us out here in the world. Have passports with very secure identity bedding in them. You go through places /airports in Europe & its your eyeballs that get scanned . To confirm identity.
Though still a premature thought, the Chinese did very recently have a serious terrorist subway attack. I sincerely hope this wasn't an intentional act of terrorism on the back of that event.
Every traveler's nightmare. So sad for the infants and children who will never get a chance to live. RIP all those on board and condolences to those who loved them.
Two stolen passports....likely no bomb and was probably taken over and driven into the ocean if that was the intent. Also could have been a hijacking and many pilot errors. Could be a few things, however I am not understanding them not locating the aircraft.
What is our obsession with the nationality of people who get killed. Is it any more or less of a tragedy if he's American as opposed to Malaysian or Chinese? Are you rooting for people of a particular nationality to die? Are we really that sick in the heads? 251 people died horrible deaths. (the 12 crew members are people too). That's tragic enough. Why do we have to parse it into nationalities and make it about nationality, or race, or creed, or culture? My one exception is for children. The young really are more innocent and had more of a lifetime taken from them.
If you can find a dictionary where the definition of lineage and heritage are the same I'd be happy to look at it. I'll be waiting... Here's the title to a link that would benefit you greatly: "Applying the Cooperative Argument Model with a Traditional Debate Format". It's designed for high school students so if it goes over your head too much you might have to ask your parents for help, but it will point out why your failure to provide proof of the equivalence in definition of two words with non-equivalent definitions renders your argument null and void without requiring any further input from me.
I am still waiting for you to present a valid counter argument you cannot do it, because it does not exist
Still staying deliberately ignorant, huh? Well, I can lead you to water but I can't make you not be an idiot. If you can find a dictionary where the definition of lineage and heritage are the same I'd be happy to look at it. I'll be waiting...
You fail with each and every post to produce a valid counter argument. I stand by my FACTUAL statement
I'm a little busy today so I can't school you as creatively as I normally do, so: Still staying deliberately ignorant, huh? Well, I can lead you to water but I can't make you not be an idiot. If you can find a dictionary where the definition of lineage and heritage are the same I'd be happy to look at it. I'll be waiting... Here's the title to a link that would benefit you greatly: "Applying the Cooperative Argument Model with a Traditional Debate Format". It's designed for high school students so if it goes over your head too much you might have to ask your parents for help, but it will point out why your failure to provide proof of the equivalence in definition of two words with non-equivalent definitions renders your argument null and void without requiring any further input from me.
I see you are still unable to present a valid counter argument to my FACTUAL statement
Still staying deliberately ignorant, huh? Well, I can lead you to water but I can't make you not be an idiot. If you can find a dictionary where the definition of lineage and heritage are the same I'd be happy to look at it. I'll be waiting...
I am sticking to my FACTUAL statement as opposed to your emotional filled conjecture
You've been so thoroughly schooled that you have nothing left but to capitalize the word FACTUAL. Quite pathetic. Not really any reason for me to come up with anything new, so: Still staying deliberately ignorant, huh? Well, I can lead you to water but I can't make you not be an idiot. If you can find a dictionary where the definition of lineage and heritage are the same I'd be happy to look at it. I'll be waiting...
I stand by my FACTUAL statement, which you have come nowhere close to presenting a valid counter argument. You need to use facts if you want to debate with the big dogs.
Once again, you are unable to present a factual statement. You lose.
I Stand by my FACTUAL statement. You need to use FACTS, not emotions if you want to debate with the big dogs. Now go sit back down at the kids table
Once again, you are unable to present a factual statement. You lose. Again. In what, five different threads now?
I stand by my FACTUAL statement
Once again, you are unable to present a factual statement. You lose. Again. In what, five different threads now?
This is how this works. I presented a FACTUAL statement. Just because you disagree with my statement (which is your right) does not make my FACTUAL statement incorrect. It just makes you myopic.
It makes you look like you have little to no grasp on reality. Even a child can see the difference between a personal opinion and a fact. Not you, though.
I stand by my FACTUAL statement
Once again, you are unable to present a factual statement. You lose. Again. In what, five different threads now?
I use FACTS you use conjecture therefore, by the simple rules inherent in debate, I win every time
You use delusion and then fall back on an all caps version of the word FACT to deny that delusion. Then, on those rare occasions where you actually *try* to use a fact (i.e. your "UN climate committee") you flub it so badly that it somehow manages to make you look worse than your delusions do. You're that unique confluence of ignorance and oblivious arrogance that just begs to be ridiculed. Repeatedly showing you up is almost a public service - at least to the real conservatives like me that you would otherwise be making look bad.
You actually try to reach for a real, honest to goodness fact for a change and you end up confusing the quack Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change set up by the discredited Phil Singer and sponsored by the oil and tobacco company funded Heartland Institute with the actual Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change run by the UN that I quoted to destroy you with earlier.
That's what I thought……you have no argument, and you finally put your head down, your tail between your legs and walked away in shame the way you should have weeks ago Jedi - 7 tony - FRAUD
You actually try to reach for a real, honest to goodness fact for a change and you end up confusing the quack Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change set up by the discredited Phil Singer and sponsored by the oil and tobacco company funded Heartland Institute with the actual Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change run by the UN that I quoted to destroy you with earlier.
I stand by my FACTUAL statement as I expose you as a FRAUD
Lineage and heritage are just two different things out here in the real world. You fail in every way, basic English comprehension included. You know, if you tried to not be quite so much of a mouth-breather I might take pity on you some day.
Again, you attempt to resort to personal attacks because you have no counter argument to my FACTUAL statement. I have never had a debate with anyone who was so easy to defeat.
My counterargument, since you are either too stubborn to admit it or too stupid to recognize it: Lineage and heritage are just two different things out here in the real world. You fail in every way, basic English comprehension included. You know, if you tried to not be quite so much of a mouth-breather I might take pity on you some day.
I stand by my FACTUAL statement. You did not give a fact based counter argument, you simply gave your opinion, But keep thinking you know what you are talking about and keep up the attempted personal attacks. All you are doing is proving the point that I have beaten you to a pulp.
I'll just repeat my first post in this thread, where I destroyed you with FACTS, not the opinions you are so fond of: "lin·e·age: noun 1. lineal descent from an ancestor; ancestry or extraction her·it·age: noun 1. something that comes or belongs to one by reason of birth; an inherited lot or portion: i.e. a heritage of poverty and suffering; a national heritage of honor, pride, and courage. Jedi, you will note that these two definitions are, in fact, not the same. I know that facts aren't your strong point, but even for you this is embarrassing... "
once again, you try to change the original argument. you need to learn how debate works I stand by my FACTUAL statement. You lose again.
"Se-men Chug-ger: verb" 1. Tony on any given day at any given glory hole, truck stop, back alley or crack house I also see that I am not the only one who owns you on the boards. Maybe if you didn't spend so much time trying to maximize every inch of your intestine for semen storage you would be better at this you walking suck hole.
I'll just repeat my first post in this thread, where I destroyed you with FACTS, not the opinions you are so fond of: "lin·e·age: noun 1. lineal descent from an ancestor; ancestry or extraction her·it·age: noun 1. something that comes or belongs to one by reason of birth; an inherited lot or portion: i.e. a heritage of poverty and suffering; a national heritage of honor, pride, and courage. Jedi, you will note that these two definitions are, in fact, not the same. I know that facts aren't your strong point, but even for you this is embarrassing... "
yawn… I stand by my FACTUAL statement you lose again.
I'll just repeat my first post in this thread, where I destroyed you with FACTS, not the opinions you are so fond of: "lin·e·age: noun 1. lineal descent from an ancestor; ancestry or extraction her·it·age: noun 1. something that comes or belongs to one by reason of birth; an inherited lot or portion: i.e. a heritage of poverty and suffering; a national heritage of honor, pride, and courage. Jedi, you will note that these two definitions are, in fact, not the same. I know that facts aren't your strong point, but even for you this is embarrassing... "
I see you have lost this debate like you lost your debates with me. You have no argument, so you are trying to repeat yourself. But of course you are used to repetitive motion. Especially when you are sucking guys off in the bathroom stall at Chuck E Cheese
I see you have a new friend tony! He seems to know you pretty well. In the mean time I will stand by my factual statement. You lose again.
Tony knows nothing and needs to stick to what he is best at. And that is ingesting semen from elderly black men.
And once more, your ignorance - and your refusal to defend yourself against actual facts, thereby signaling your abject defeat: "lin·e·age: noun 1. lineal descent from an ancestor; ancestry or extraction her·it·age: noun 1. something that comes or belongs to one by reason of birth; an inherited lot or portion: i.e. a heritage of poverty and suffering; a national heritage of honor, pride, and courage. Jedi-Douche, you will note that these two definitions are, in fact, not the same. I know that facts aren't your strong point, but even for you this is embarrassing... "
I stand by my FACTUAL statement. Jedi - 7 tony - FRAUD
You are owned again, my pitiful friend, and that is a FACT.
I stand by my FACTUAL statement. And don't flatter yourself, you would never be a friend of mine…..
Oh, but you are a friend of mine. I play with you like I would play with a puppy - patting it on the head when it learns from me, like you did when I schooled you about how old the sun is. "lin·e·age: noun 1. lineal descent from an ancestor; ancestry or extraction her·it·age: noun 1. something that comes or belongs to one by reason of birth; an inherited lot or portion: i.e. a heritage of poverty and suffering; a national heritage of honor, pride, and courage. Jedi-Douche, you will note that these two definitions are, in fact, not the same. I know that facts aren't your strong point, but even for you this is embarrassing... "
I stand by my FACTUAL statement. But I will admit that it is always entertaining watching you grasp at thin air trying to convince yourself you have a nonexistent argument. Either way, I win again.
You are so amusing, padawan. Still, your schooling at my hands has helped you learn before, so I'll keep trying: "lin·e·age: noun 1. lineal descent from an ancestor; ancestry or extraction her·it·age: noun 1. something that comes or belongs to one by reason of birth; an inherited lot or portion: i.e. a heritage of poverty and suffering; a national heritage of honor, pride, and courage. Jedi-Douche, you will note that these two definitions are, in fact, not the same. I know that facts aren't your strong point, but even for you this is embarrassing... "
I stand by my FACTUAL statement Jedi - 8 tony - FRAUD
I'll just repeat my first post in this thread, where I destroyed you with FACTS, not the opinions you are so fond of: "lin·e·age: noun 1. lineal descent from an ancestor; ancestry or extraction her·it·age: noun 1. something that comes or belongs to one by reason of birth; an inherited lot or portion: i.e. a heritage of poverty and suffering; a national heritage of honor, pride, and courage. Jedi, you will note that these two definitions are, in fact, not the same. I know that facts aren't your strong point, but even for you this is embarrassing... "
You are admitting defeat, I see. Good for you. You see, you *can* learn from your betters.
I think the news broadcasts the nationality so as to gain public interest. It's nothing more than a ploy to get more readers. At the end of the day, a lost life is tragic- regardless of their geographical origin. My heart truly goes out to the passengers and their families. It's a terribly sad day for those affected by this.
Why should I have pride in what is essentially an accident of birth? Do you take pride in other completely random events in your life? Do you take pride in your genes? What input did you have in determining your genes or relatives, or nationality? Why do you take pride in something you had nothing to do with? No, I do not take pride in any artificial, superficial, or uncontrolled accidents of circumstance. You may as well be proud that the sun is yellow and that the Earth has 1 moon, or any number of a billion other things you had nothing to do with and no control over. Such pride is completely irrational.
Am I proud of my genes? Of course I am. Most rational people are proud of their heritage. What you are saying is that you do not believe in yourself or where you come from. I would recommend a psychotherapist to help you with you lack of self worth.
@Melissa, keep enjoying the eggrolls and keep feeding your lazy behind. Way to go! You just added to the stereotype that Americans, like myself, are fat, lazy, apathetic JACKA$$eS! Thanks a lot! I'm nothing like you, my family and friends are NOTHING like you. You are a disgrace to this country. I'm quite sure you're from the south or some other ignorant, intolerant area. The only hope I can find is, someday you and your like-minded meatheads will die off, leaving the rest of the country to think like normal, logical human beings!
Wow Mary. That is the kind of reaction you have to a person that likes eggrolls?? You are right, one of us has a problem but it isn't me. Do you need a Xanax??
Jedi, you are everything that's wrong with the human race. You don't deserve genes.
@ Nonny Moose…… You are certainly amusing. There is nothing wrong with having 'National Pride' In fact, in this country we used to celebrate it. But because of people like you, the only groups allowed to display s sense of 'National Pride' anymore are Mexicans on Cinco de Mayo Puerto Ricans who proudly fly their flags on their cars. When Americans had a sense of National Pride, we were the strongest nation on earth. The strongest nation on earth today is also the one with the most 'National Pride'. That is China. National pride is like self confidence. Clearly you have none. I pity you.
More human tragedies have been committed in the name of Nationalism than any other reason, save religion. And for this, you are proud. Your nationalism is why you are already much closer to committing or supporting the Holocaust part Deux, than I will ever be. And for that, you're so proud. Are you proud that your country has toppled not one, but two popularly elected democracies and installed dictators who brutally suppressed liberty? (Guatamala, Iran) Are you proud that your country sponsored a war of terrorism in yet another democracy? (Nicaragua) One that started with the assassination of a popular Catholic Archbishop? (Oscar Arnulfo Romero) One that targeted elementary schools, hospitals, libraries and simple farmers? One that ended with the brutal rape, torture, murder and dismemberment of two nuns and a priest? Is that what makes you so proud? Are you proud that your country gave syphilis to an entire town of American citizens without their knowledge and consent and withheld the cure while they slowly suffered and died? (Tuskegee, AR) Does this make you proud? Are you proud an operative of your country shot down a civilian airliner, killing everyone on board? (Cubana flight 455) Are you proud that your country knowingly harbored the terrorist who did it the whole while it conducted your 'war on terra'? (Louis Posada Carilles) Does that make you proud? Or are you so proud because you had absolutely nothing to do with anything about your country during the vast majority of it's existence? Are you proud that you are American purely by accident of your birth location (or are you an 'anchor baby')? Are you proud that you could have just as likely been born to Indian, Chinese, or South African parents? Do you expect them to be just as proud of their nation or are you a hypocrite too? You are proud of things in which you had no part, no control, no responsibility, and no contribution. And you are proud to be part of an entity that has behaved immorally, unethically, unconscionably, and counter to it's own professed ideals. This means you are either irrational, or equally immoral, unethical, unconscionable; that you would also act counter to your own professed ideals. I would rather believe you are simply irrational. Let me guess; you are also proud of some professional sports teams that have no connection to you and no idea you even exist. Am I right?
But you are the amusing one. You have your own identity so wrapped up in your nationalism that you cannot even fathom anyone having self worth, or self confidence independent of nationalism. It is you I pity. Take away your nation and you are nothing.
Nonny... please go take your meds.
@Nonny Moose……. Nationalism is alive and well all over the globe. You seem to be quite intolerant of anyone who is proud of their heritage. Very, very sad
You're right, it seems I do not suffer fools gladly.
that is because you are a narcissist who cannot see value in others
Not true, I just don't see any in you.
I don't care what you think of me or if you see value in me or not. I don't lose sleep worrying what someone like you thinks of me. What I do know is that you seem t be the only person in the world who has no sense of pride in their own heritage. Like it or not, we do not live in a monoculture of gray people in a world with no borders. If you meet anyone from another country, especially one with a smaller population such as Finland or New Zealand, they always have a sense of 'National Pride' You can choose not to, but just know that you are a myopic narcissist
First you claim I have no sense of self worth, then that I am a narcissist. So which is it? Seems to me, you can't even keep your own thoughts straight. I'm not the only person who refuses to cling to irrational beliefs. At one time, everyone believed the Earth was flat. Argumentum ad populum is a common fallacy. But, like all fallacies, it is irrational and usually wrong.
The fact that you openly state that you not only have no sense of national pride, but in fact you are actually ashamed of your heritage proves that you have no sense of self worth. Likewise, saying that you do not care about others who do have a sense of nationalism provides that you are only thinking of yourself, which upholds my charge of narcism. Therefore, I stand by my FACTUAL statement.
First off, I have no "heritage". If I did, then I'm sure tracing my distaff lineage to English royalty might have some bearing on my attitude. I assure you, it does not. And I'm sure my paternal lineage being a long line of masons would be equally impressive. I assure you, it is not. It is nothing, to me, more than a ring and a tie clip, and a loose association to people I hardly ever meet. I have a family history behind me, nothing more. It is the past. Were I to spend all my time fixated on my "heritage", I would be riding familial coattails my whole life and accomplish nothing of my own. Neither my lineage, nor my "heritage" avails me anything I value. And you took me all wrong again. I do care for those with a sense of nationalism. It's just that I find nationalism itself to be irrational. It's just you that I don't particularly care for. As I stated earlier, you have your whole identity linked to your nationalism. Take away your country, and you're nothing; you would have no identity. Nations misbehave and nations fall. I feel no pride, nor shame in anything any nation does. That litany I provided earlier was to play on your emotions; not a reflection of mine. I feel equally at home in (almost) any country. You can slaughter yourselves by the millions for your nationalistic pride; I'll read about it in the papers and think about profiting from all that reconstruction that has to be done.
You have no Heritage? Did you just appear spontaneously? You don't have parents? Do you not know what country you are a citizen of? If so, you are the only human being on each without that knowledge. You are some sort of anomaly that is unique to the human race? ….No, you are simply a person who does not care and blames 'nationalism' for the worlds problems and enjoys lambasting those whom are proud
My lineage can be traced to every country in Europe, and most of those which simply don't exist any more. That's all part and parcel to having royal blood in me. My family intermarried extensively. Additionally, I have the blood of Ghengis Khan in me as well. It's a little admitted fact about European royalty that, by nation, they were the ultimate mongrels. But by genetics, the family tree was really just a bush with a lot of... well,... shall we say, 'extra connections between branches'. And in case you were wondering, no - I hold no title. Although several titles passed through my ancestry. Suffice to say, once upon a time, my family were contenders for the English throne, and subsequently ruled in a half dozen other countries and continued to live in dozens more. I now have distant relatives in every country in Europe, north and south America, several in the far east and even one family branch in Australia. So what nation would you like me to claim I 'hale from'? Royalty didn't even have to be born in, nor grow up in, nor educated in, the lands they ruled. Often, all four were different. As I said, you can tear down one rag and put another up anywhere in the world, and it won't change a thing about me.
First you say "I have no heritage" Then you follow that up in your next post with "My lineage can be traced to every country in Europe" So with is it? Then you insanely ask "What nation would you like me to claim" you are from? Well, as much as I would like you to be Canadian, the simple answer to that question is you are from the nation you were born in. But I guess you are not capable of figuring that out on your own…...
LOL Nonny. You win internet idiot of the month!
Lineage is not heritage, and the place of my birth holds no more significance to me than any other place. Why should it?
You just made my point for me again…… Are you really that naive?
lin·e·age: noun 1. lineal descent from an ancestor; ancestry or extraction her·it·age: noun 1. something that comes or belongs to one by reason of birth; an inherited lot or portion: i.e. a heritage of poverty and suffering; a national heritage of honor, pride, and courage. Jedi, you will note that these two definitions are, in fact, not the same. I know that facts aren't your strong point, but even for you this is embarrassing...
My, what a cogent, relevant, and totally in character response.
You've repeatedly displayed some pretty deep seated ignorance about the definition of the word "fact" in this thread alone, as I just pointed out a few responses ago. I'd recommend some quality time with a dictionary.
Are you really incapable of comprehending that those two definitions are completely different?
I stand by my FACTUAL statement
You keep saying that like it means something coming from you...
I stand by my FACTUAL statement
In a way you're a bit disappointing. You run out of things to say too quickly, and then you get boring. Oh well, guess I'd better find another thread that you're active in to destroy you on.
You couldn't destroy a wet paper bag….. I stand by my FACTUAL statement
The factual statement where you think that lineage and heritage mean the same thing? The average fifth grader knows better than that. I'm going to start calling you "broken record", I think.
You can call me what ever you like…. I will call me what I am, FACTUAL and correct
Yep, broken record. If you can find a dictionary where the definition of lineage and heritage are the same I'd be happy to look at it. I'll be waiting...
I see that you have failed to present a valid counter argument I stand by my factual statement
Skipping, repetitive, broken record. I can do that too, though: If you can find a dictionary where the definition of lineage and heritage are the same I'd be happy to look at it. I'll be waiting...
BORING…… Please get back to us when you learn how to debate I stand by my FACTUAL statement
Can't find that dictionary, huh? Maybe you don't know what that word means either. Let me give you a hand... dic·tion·ar·y - noun: 1. a book that lists the words of a language in alphabetical order and gives their meaning, or that gives the equivalent words in a different language.
once again, you have no argument, so you are attempting to change the argument, I urge you to go to your local community college and take psychology101. You might also take debate as an elective. Maybe in a couple of years with some practice you will be ready for the big leagues kid
I'm starting to think that your issues with perceiving reality are medical rather than simple ignorance. You really seem to be unable to process simple English when the ideas being presented contradict your preconceptions.
Ho Hum…..once again you attempt to resort to personal attacks. I will stick to my FACTUAL statement, thus winning the debate.
If you can find a dictionary where the definition of lineage and heritage are the same I'd be happy to look at it. I'll be waiting...
I see you are still unable to make a valid counter argument. I stand by both of my FACTUAL statements. Including the one where I stated I won the debate
If you can find a dictionary where the definition of lineage and heritage are the same I'd be happy to look at it. I'll be waiting...
Once again you fail to present a valid counter argument. With each reply you reinforce my point…… any my victory!
Do you seriously not have pride in your country? All of the athletes in the olympics are divided by country….. The biggest sporting event in the world has teams divided by country…. The rest of the world has a sense of national pride. Your attitude is what is making the United States weak…...
Yes we are rooting. I don't like the Chinese, just their eggrolls.
During a disaster of this nature, pride in country has nothing to do with it.
We are ALL of the same race. It's called the HUMAN race.
When passport control scans the barcode on a passport, how come it's checked against the Interpol database for stolen passports right then. Red light fail, green light pass, should be simple enough. It would make it impossible to board a plane with a stolen passport, right? Or am I missing something?
I am a Malaysian. We are totally devastated with this. We pray for the safety of all those individuals.
"We pray for the safety of all those individuals". Pretty sure they are all dead
Thank you for your prayers, Kamesh. I am an American and from the looks of it, I along with many others on here are sending up prayers as well. There is but one race....the human race. Evil does dwell in some of us but for the most part, many of us have a general care and concern for others, especially in situations as this. Praying that God brings us the answers we seek and peace and comfort to the families who are waiting desperately to hear the fate of their loved ones.
First suspicion is an onboard explosion by terrorists. But that would have to be a very powerful bomb, those planes are huge. Second suspicion is an act of war by a country that shoots down airplanes. Least plausible is a modern jetline exploding into smithereens for no apparent reason.
I would put "act of war" behind malfunction resulting in catastrophic failure of the plane, but with 2 guys on board with stolen passports, I'm putting terrorism at the top of my list, too.
Except Malaysian Airlines has an excellent safety and maintenance record. Nice try to somehow blame an "evil corporation", though.
We are one of those countries that has shot down passenger planes. Perhaps we did it again.
there was an airliner brought down by a fighter because it was believed to be in it's countries air space. i believe the flight was from Tokyo to Seoul.
fk you jimbo you got any better ideas?
How does a triple seven with a great safety record suddenly go down in a stretch of ocean with no distress signal, no mayday, no nothing, and possibly in an area where the depth will make it impossible to recover the wreckage to reconstruct the cause of the accident? Who was on that plane?
Lends credence that it was a well-planned attack and not just coincidence.
What in the name of Nedra's Ninnies is the matter with you idiots at Yahoo!? I viewed your gallery. Almost every picture (that I bothered with) is of someone's family members weeping. Just how many crying kinfolk do we need to see to know these people are loved and are being missed? That, in my opinion, is not newsworthy and is something I would expect to see in the "National Intruder" (or whatever). Remove thy heads from out thy nether orifices and act like compassionate human beings, for the love of Mike. Whoever Mike is.
With the stolen passports my first thought is terrorism, but where are the terrorists claiming responsibility? Usually when there is a terrorist attack one of the terror groups claims responsibility. What would even those animals have to gain by blowing the plane up at 35,000 feet in the middle of nowhere and not claiming responsibility?
I do not remember reading of stolen pass ports, since thier are a lot of comments regarding this I'll reread the article.
@ "A Yahoo User", another article about the developments of the story mentions that it has been confirmed that two fliers had stolen passports. Both were reported stolen within the past 2 years, and were both lost in Taiwan.
Remember the Boston bombings? No one claimed any responsibility. The new thing is to go small, un noticed.
@deeeee The reason why no one claimed responsibility for the Boston bombings is because it was the act of 2 random individuals. BPB is correct, if it was a terrorist act a terrorist group would have already claimed responsibility. To Commenter: It's all over the news that two passengers had stolen passports, one from Italy (the guy is actually traveling in Thailand and the other one from Austria, reported stolen 2 years ago).
There but for the grace of God it could have been anyone of us or our loved ones. The only saving Grace would be that whatever happened it was so fast and sudden that no one had a moment of suffering.
There by the "grace of god" go they.
Wow. Strong counter-argument. You failed to demonstrate the flaw in my logic. I win. Cheers.
IF this is terrorism there was a major breakdown in security and the suicide bombers likely had help from airline or security employees. The Chinese are usually very thorough in verifying who is coming into China so this would be somewhat surprising and raise some major concerns.
That, or just an ex-employee with an Employee Badge going through the employee gate, like that black male did on the commuter flight in California in the 1980's. He shot both (White) pilots in the head and then crashed the plane, murdering about 40 passengers. This was really the first "mass murder" in modern times in the USA, but, since it was a black male (the politically incorrect offender/predator), you won't see ANY U.S. media references to it, ever.
@Andrew...also must consider that in many cases you would need a visa to enter China in which case China would have reviewed the passport and visa documents. If they didn't need a visa then they likely were just working with airline or police from Malaysia and it was an inside job.
No May Day distress signal by crew. Either a bomb disintegrated the aircraft instantly or intruders were in a cockpit.
Then again, that Air france plane off of Brazil did the same and they didn't send a distress either.
Actually...the pilots of Air France did make a emergency call...
Roy...actually it absolutely did not. doa simple google search.
The pilots sent an emergency radio call to indicate that the jet was leaving its flight altitude level, Air France said.
that quote is pulled straight from a French Aviation account of accident
Roy...I stand corrected. There in ABC report today that said they did not. Air France would know though.
np.....I work in the aviation industry... we are required to study accidents and errors that can happen in flight. I watched the story and the account of what happened to that flight, albeit on TV. No one will really know until black box and cockpit recorder is found what actually happened. Cant wait to see the story that is sure to run on infowars site
With oil slicks being 6 and 9 miles long......if they are from this plane then there goes the theory of pilots taking it straight down because slicks would have been much shorter.....also that sounds like the two engines were separated and thus the plane must have been apart
Roy...so likely no terrorism or do you think terrorism is a possibility still?
I'm leaning terror but somehow with a bomb.. sounds like one wing came off first and I have a hard time believing a plane can just explode on its own. Someone said it isn't too awefully deep where the slicks are so I'm a little concerned as to why they aren't picking up a ping from black box. It should be pinging its #$%$ off right about now
Radar showed it wink-out. Catastrophic event at 35 angels. 95% chance it was a bomb.
If I were a gambling man...my money would be on terror attack from everything I know. Their own transport minister is now saying that there were 4 suspicious souls on board.........so the million dollar question is why or how did they make it on the flight if the Malaysian authorities can now shine a spot light on them so quick.
There was ONE american on this flight. These days, the Chinese fly expecting mothers to Saipan, which is a US territory just 4 hours from China by flight. Then when the kids are born, they automatically get US citizenship, despite not learning English or being raised as true Americans. Is it tragic that they died? -Of course, and my condolences go to their families. But two kids with Chinese decent that live in China and only speak Chinese are by no means American.
For starters, most kids in China these days speak excellent English. Secondly, while the practice you mentioned does occur, we have no indicator that this was the case here. These could be children with legitimate dual citizenship or who were issued American passports for other reasons. There's no need to turn a tragedy with over 200 missing people into a political argument by attacking these unknown children and their families.
What the fluck do you really know...Please define a legally "true" American. (Oh, excuse me. The first thought that comes to your mind is "white bread" "vanilla".
Who are the two young children with different last names, who also have American passports? Are they his children? I can't figure that out...
Dont hold your breath if your waiting for yahoo to answer that . They wont give you the rest of the story !!
Commenter, I was wondering the same thing. I'm even more confused because the original report the first night said 4 Americans on board. I was thinking it was a family. Yesterday, they reported only 3, this guy and 2 children with different last names which sound Asian. Doesn't appear they were together. How are 2 small children traveling alone with out a parent or guardian? It's crazy!
Sorry for his family and sorry for IBM. The good guys are living and the bad guys remain what a disgrace.
IBM could care less. I looked for a response from IBM for the past two days and the only IBM news is about their financial performance. IBM CEO Rometty Says Company Didn’t Meet Expectations Last Year By Alex Barinka Mar 9, 2014 1:37 PM ET
They want peace and quiet now. So likely every news agency has camped on their doorstep.
it is news, they are doing their job to harass the people
A shame one cannot mourn in peace when news events like this take place.
It's ok to print the story as people are interested and most care. But now back off! Give the families the respect they deserve and let them mourn in peace.
It's so sad. 239 people are just gone and no one knows anything.
To the family of those missing, my thoughts and prayers are with you at this sad and uncertain time. May word come soon, and may you find peace.
I thought George Washington was considered by many to be the Father of America. I've never even heard of Phillip Wood before today. Did I miss something in History class?
This is why living in this world scares me . People have to joke at times like these . Wouldnt be so funny if you were in the middle of the ocean would it .
Air France flight 447 off of Brazil didn't send a distress signal either, but there was no bomb or anything. it does happen. This Malaysian one sounds fishy though with the stolen passports though.
The pilots did in fact make an emergency call to report problem they were having and that they were deviating from flight altitudes.....and they were flying through a major storm. Neither of which happened here. The odds of a 777 exploding and dropping from the sky by accident are slim to none. I guess everyone will know once black boxes and cockpit recorders are found
That's not a distress signal though is it?
Air France also had bad pilots ...
Terrorism or a suicidal pilot. 777s don't just suddenly drop out of the sky.
Do you remember the Air France incident. Yes there are chances when they just fall down from the sky.
Ron, the Air France crash was an Airbus A330. Likely cause was icing in the pitot tubes and subsequent mistakes made by the crew.
Jack - 777's could experience the same mechanical failures as any other large plane regardless of manufacturer. If the plane was blown up in the air the oil slick would be spread out over a wide area. Initial reports of analysis of the the oil slick (presumed to be that of the Malaysian plane) indicate that it crashed. (Story behind Yahoo headline "Oil slicks offer sign that Malaysian jet crashed" which will probably change in a few hours). Like the Air France Airbus crash it will take quite some time to learn the true cause of the plane's disappearance.
This is all so sad--I wonder what really happened to this plane? Condolences and prayers for Mr. Wood's children, family, and friends.
Yeah, screw the rest of the victims and their families
James- get a real life and a real opinion.
Its really sad and heart breaking.
This is very weird... A plane simply don't loose communication unless it was something catastrophic like a bomb going off. If the plane decided to turn around, the pilot would have sent communication but didn't in this case...so what' is it? Could it be an alien abduction by a UFO???
Ya it's a UFO abduction u tool.
I have worked in the So China Sea, the boat traffic is jammed day & night, I cant imagine someone not reporting a plane or fire ball in the sky no matter what time of day.
Night. (There). Wasn't it reported off radar at about 02:30 AM?
i heard some guy talking about wormholes and how stuff can just disappear in thin air but probably not.
My advice - DO NOT fly a Muslim airliner.
Why are you exploiting these peoples' pain with unwanted pictures? My heart goes to these family members and the pain they are feeling waiting for answers.
Two missing passports means terrorist! Something went wrong before anyone could communicate or reach their destination.
Planes like this one disappear all the time. The USA has the Bermuda Triangle, and China has the South China Sea. You suppose it was a UFO encounter?
Odd target, isn't it? Malasia can't be that high on anybody's list.
They should still keep hunting for survivors.
Some of the comments make me sick, in the face of such terrible tragedy. The lives of all these people on board were loved and important to someone. Weather it be a Mother, Brother, Sister, Father, girlfriend, boyfriend, son, daughter, or friend. They are All important and will be mourned for. Only idiots can find any humor in this. Let us pray all of us that this is NOT an act of terrorism but some weird mechanical flaw.
You mean to tell me the loved ones of those who are lost will sleep at night knowing it was some weird mechanical flaw instead of terrorism? No matter what caused this tragedy, the end result is the same - terrible heartbreak for the 239 families.
I just wonder if Phil was just, say, a carpenter, the media would make such a big stink about him? But no! He was a top executive at ibm bug difference!
I think there will be a ransom note any time now. They're already checking out some more passports and tickets that are suspect. I think the ransom demand is going to be a big one too, probably around a billion dollars.
There were a lot more people than just one American father on this plane. I don't understand why there has to be a spin on everything to make it US centric.
maybe because Yahoo is headquartered in the U.S. and us Americans would like to know if a fellow citizen was on that plane - dumb A#s#S
This is one story from America that puts a face to a passenger. A face that brings this tragedy closer to home than if they put a face to the Malaysian pilot. It's not our fault that you refuse to learn to read Russian...where you will undoubtedly find stories about this crash that, if identified, makes THEIR lone passenger's story seem Russian-centric (well, to you anyway).
Maybe you should read a Malaysian news article.
The jet was involved in an accident in 2012 that broke off the wingtip, and even though they have fixed it it could have still damaged the wiring or hydraulics systems. This is not the first time previous accidents have caused a plane crash.. this seems way more likely than a terrorist bomb. Remember that if a plane stalls and starts falling out of the sky then the pilots won't have enough time to send a mayday call and the signal the navy heard is usually activated when a plane crashes into the ground or ocean. I think something in the wing failed causing the plane to tilt to the side, stall, and fall into the ocean.
I think you like talking out of your (a)(s)s. Breath mint?
Could be except for those stolen passports.
Well that is sad news. RIP to all the innocent victims. Hopefully it was over quickly and painlessly.
Doug,You don't know they are dead until it's confimed.
I Hope that this plane is not under the waters of malaysia, because if that the case it would have been found already, the problem here is that the plane was kidnapped by terrorist and the plane flew off somewhere and disappear, the situation is hot right now with Russia and Croatia on top other terrorist lurking around like hienas to see any opportunity.
Thank you 0bama, for supporting your beloved Islamic brothers, who are bringing more death and destruction to the innocent.
Really sad. About 30,000 people moms dads kids die in car accidents every year just in the USA. Curious that plane crashes warrant warrant so much more more focus, guess death by automobile is too mundane?
What's next, Steve - a story about an NFL running back shredding his knee comes out, and you'll complain that similar stories and media attention aren't given to the hundreds, if not thousands, of high school and college athletes who suffer the same injuries every year?
@Justin actually head injuries in NFL and HS are getting more attention, coaches don't know #$%$ about neurology. And yes football and the likes of Sara Palin, get too much attention compared to wars, Gov. waste and yes 30,000 automobile deaths /years.
slam is truly a beautiful, holy religion. Just ignore the fact they cut off heads, love the N/\zi's, blow up women and children, follow a murderous hate-filled Koran, are brainwashed and blood-stained barbarians, have an illiterate, perverted, psychopathic, rapist, pedophile prophet who had sex with a 9 year old girl, boys and a dead woman, and a procurer god who rewards killers with virgins. Except for these minor points, Islam is marvelous. /\/\uzzies are rabid anti-semites because the Jews have shown that these cowards can be easily beaten over and over again, a message they do not want the world to get as they pursue their hopeless dream of establishing a caliphate across the world. Islam is a virulent disease spreading across the globe and threatening the world with dark ages of hatred and death. Mohammed is clearly the anti-Christ and Muslims the minions of satan. It is necessary for all Christians, Hindus and Jews to accept that we are in the middle of WWIII, and start acting accordingly. Every Muslim must be thrown out of Europe and the US as their culture and values are incompatible with ours. Every madrassah and mosque and Koran must be destroyed.
Ray, you are my new hero. Now if you could just get over the whole "LACES OUT!" thing….
It is hard to lose a loved one but it is terrible to not know about their whereabouts and whether they are alive or not. I hope this end well. Prayers!
Are you dense??? The plane crashed into the sea, they are all dead!
Yes it is a very sad day for all the victim involved one is no more important than the other They are all important but one observation 2 people with stolen passports we allowed on the flight That may the source of why this has happened and why did MAS no catch it till it was too late Sounds like MAS needs to answer this big question
After all we have heard lately, there is no way I would board an asian airplane.
Jesus Christ, an Asian one? I got on an Arab one, and it was old, A310, actually two of them, Tel Aviv to Jordan and then Jordan-Bangkok-Hong Kong.Christ over or past the Himalayas. I'm still here. People always say never this, never that. Truth be told, you will go overseas if you intended to, this will not influence you decisively.
@Pacey: I don't know which books you've been reading, but I have news for you. Jesus Christ was Jewish - not Asian.
People who get irritated when there luggage and person are searched before boarding a flight need to think why this is necessary.
Thats why I don't mind at all for anything they need to search, to keep everyone safe.
I'm always amazed at how much we complain about flying. I hate it just like everyone else, but it's super safe and fast, and airline employees are friendlier than in most industries. People expect to be pampered and fed on airlines but pay rock-bottom prices. Sympathies with all those on board the MH flight yesterday
Kat, sometimes nit-picking seems inappropriate. This is one of them.
However, the security measures were not effective in this case. Why not!!!!!!!
One Italian, one Austrian, and one Chinese IDs were misused by at least three person board that plane. This is a plot, not accident, otherwise, how could so many people with faked identity board this same plane?
This is Asia we are talking about, money greases many palms for many reasons.
My heart goes out to the family of this man, and those of the missing. My heart also goes out to those people, family included, that died in concentration camps who where cataloged using IBM punch cards. In February 2001, an Alien Tort Claims Act claim was filed in U.S. federal court against IBM for allegedly providing the punched card technology that facilitated the Holocaust, and for covering up German IBM subsidiary Dehomag's activities. I understand that this article isn't about that. It's clearly sad anytime a large amount of people die. I mention it only because I have no respect for IBM for its role in the holocaust. It's truly sad that this man might never see his family again. He's obviously most likely dead, and that's horrific, so for that I'm sad, but when I hear how IBM played a key role in genocide, I feel only disgust towards such a corporate criminal enterprise.
This Dahl may be setting IBM up for a big ransom demand with his big mouth. Most large corporations will pay large ransoms and these terrorists know it. If I had a family member on that plane I wouldn't be talking to the media about it right now.
Finally came to understand, Mr. Snowden once said how intrusion or monitoring system and close to the target tactics. USA is a double win. After this crash, Malaysia and Vietnam is important to seek assistance from U.S. To enhance security equipment and joint rescue and search drills
Why are you so stupid ? Was your mother a donkey ?
Sincere condolences to all involved. Hope the media leaves the friends and relatives alone.
Just hope their death was quick and painless. And for their families to find peace soon.
I can not begin to understand how hard it is to lose a loved one in the air. Though we all die one way or another but this is not easy at all.
Shot Down by U.S. Stealth Fighter Jet then back to sub-orbit. Chinese are under Attack by the U.S. Federal Government.
Your PC is being monitored. We are coming to get you
Hopefully the media can actually honor the families request to remain left alone. I do hope the black box can be recovered, as I am sure like myself and many others, I am curious as to what happened to the plane. Thoughts and prays to all the families.
sure the media is going to do that ????? they do not give a #$%$ and it is all about the ratings .
I am so saddened by all this truly!!! Since yesterday when I first heard the news:I have put myself in the same place as these people and what they must have gone through but, more specially to their families! My prayers are with all of them ! I know miracles do occur. So I pray for a miracle.
Search on IBM and see if this poor guy was even mentioned on their Sat news. All they talk about is the stock price and selling part of the company to a Chinese firm.
Interesting to note, the Italian & Austrian, who were listed on the Original Passenger Manifest, have now been removed. Seems, they are both alive and well. Unfortunately, they both had their passports stolen. Gee, I wonder who was using them? Terrorists? Soccer Moms? You decide!
They think the plane is only in 600' or so of water. They should be able to recover a lot of wreckage and hopefully many bodies (assuming all are dead) so that their families can have some closure...
That sounds expensive... the fish need to eat too
Now they're saying the plane turned totally around and was heading out over the Strait of Malacca. Goodness. What is going on with all this? Maybe Amelia Earhart was flying it...
I am praying for everyone on board, regardless of nationality. Regarding Wood's kids' mother, I don't think she has any business making public statements about her ex-husband. That is for his family to do, if they wish.
Who are YOU to judge their family dynamics? Mother could still literally be his "best friend", etc. Maybe she is still considered "family".
It is one thing if Wood considers her family - and another story if she unilaterally considers herself family....
Why do people head straight to Facebook in the darkest of times? I don't understand how Facebook pops to mind in the midst of tragedy and grief.
I agree. It's beyond me as well.
If you can't call how about a condolence card or a donation to a worthy charity in the persons name. Facebook is just impersonal, insignificant garbage in a world that is becoming increasingly impersonal. It would be better to do nothing than post something online.
And you went to Yahoo. So honorable
@KingsNomad I think Shelly was talking about people who go through an ordeal just like the family in the article, I don't think she was talking about people in general. Why does a family who goes through a tragedy turn to Facebook and post comments there?
This flight disappeared so quickly it looks so much like terrorism, especially since two stolen passports were found on the manifest and the real people with those identities are somewhere else other than on that plane. Condolences to this family in their time of grief.
This was not terrorism. First, Malaysian Airline or this route would not have been chosen for an act of terrorism. Second. Someone would have already taken responsibility. No way this was terrorism. Probably a rare, catastrophic incident. Although rare, it happens. Remember Air France a few years ago from RIO to Paris? Broke apart 4 hours into the flight.
Air France was pilot error combined with malfunctioning pitot tubes (iced). The plane did not "break apart" It was a long drawn out processes of unknowingly stalling the plane till it finally hit the water. Air France was an airbus A330. The 777 has very few serious incidents and never a total fatal incident like this one (might) be. Either way we will eventually find out what really happened, whatever it is.
slayskiddoo.....that's a pretty profound statement for an Idiot.
Something interesting. They were so slow, under 70 knots, the stall warning becomes inoperative under the programming logic that at that speed the pilots are in a knowing landing profile. So when the pilots pushed the nose over to accelerate or accelerated (throttles don't move in that plane) the stall warning would come as it went through 70 knots. So they pulled the nose back up. Nobody could figure out what was happening.
When terrorist blow things up they make a statement...they don't leave it a mystery.
Lucy, no one person or group claimed responsibility for they 9-11 attacks for four months.
Mon, please keep up with breaking news. The item on the stolen passports is within the last 24 hours. Read!
Lucy, no terrorist group claimed responsibility for the Boston Marathon bombing. And since groups love to claim credit for things they do not do, this was interesting.
The loss of a loved one is a tragedy is any situation but unexpected deaths are so much harder,,May God bless all those who have lost a family of friend in this incident .Earth has no sorrow that heaven cannot heal!
Very sad that so many people were lost. My prayers are for their families and friends who will suffer without them.
Am I the only one who things it's highly unlikely that the no one made contact with ground control before crashing? How does an airliner just "disappear" like that. That's beyond suspicious.
Sorry folks, this plane had many, many CHINESE, flying from a MUSLIM country, MALAYSIA right into the capital of CHINA, Beijing. Guess which country has been pushing its MUSLIM MINORITIES for a bit too long?? Yup! CHINA! They have been messing around way too long with the UIGHURS, pushing them around in their OWN NATIVE lands and how many Uighurs would it take to go off to a friendly MUSLIM Asian country like MALAYSIA, plan an attack against many Chinese?? Planes do not just vanish into thin air but if you push people around too much, they will come back and blow you up in the middle of your sleep over the ocean etc...and the timing could not be WORSE for CHINA, because now is the season to get all of the leaders of the Chinese Communist Party in BEIJING!! I do hope I am wrong,but if this plane was blown the hell out of the skies, no way anyone will survive!
DISTORTED!!!!! GO GET A LIFE ..!!!!
Is it terrorism? Perhaps! But usually terrorist like to make themselves known. They don't blow up something this large and leave it a mystery.
True -- but the terrorists don't always claim responsibility immediately.
OUR CONDOLENCES and prayers go out to all the families...We hope they find the answers.
I fly a lot around SE Asia and many times I'm the only westerner on the plane. I always fear I'll be like the guy above; the only passenger mentioned by the US press. Condolences to all. This sux :-(
I know the odds are against survivors but I think we should wait and see before we start burying the dead when we do not have all the facts. Terrifying enough without jumping to conclusions.
My thoughts & prayers go out to the Wood family, and maybe a miracle will happen, and Phillip will be ok.
It's a bit sad that many respond exponentially to victims from their country. Mass civilian tragedies are awful and don't need an accounting of victims by nationality.
If it was terrorism we'll know in a few days. If it's one thing terrorists don't do, it's blow up things anonymously.
No one has mentioned the possibility of pilot suicide, there's been a few cases of that in the past, most recently in Africa, the pilot locked the co-pilot out of the cockpit and crashed the plane.
I like how when there's a tragedy like a crash or a hostage take over and a mass score of people are killed that news outlets need to tell us how many Americans died, as if the rest of the 238 people on board don't really matter because they aren't American. If they were Americans it would be more tragic. Like when the hostage take over at the Taj Mahal happened the big story were those Americans, but the other people i the hotel who were killed didn't really matter.
Ummmm...because we live in America. Don't be stupid, no one is saying the others lives lost don't mean anything. I recall a whole special on TV about what happened at the Taj MAhal.
Yeah you made a great point. Also the news does not care when we drone other countries and kill 52 people just because 2 of them were bad. The other 50 are law abiding people just like everyone else but hey we got those 2!!!! makes me sick
I disagree. It's not that other people don't matter. Do you expect news outlets writing for an American audience NOT to identify and report on Americans on the plane? Do you expect equal treatment for each passenger? It makes sense for news outlets to make connections that are especially meaningful for their audience. American news outlets identify the passengers holding American passports, as I imagine the news outlets in other affected countries will identify the citizens of their countries.
Maybe it is powerful CHRISTIAN RAPTURE found on the BIBLE THUMPERS. Great Tribulation Sign of End of Times. An airplane disappear without sight. No Wreckage. Nothing. Hallelujah to SHEBREW MASTERS.
I hate to make speculation but I am starting to think this plane either blew-up instantly from an explosion or is was hit with a missile of some sort. There was no reports from the pilots that anything was wrong.
My heart goes out to the passengers/crew and the families of all. I can't imagine, I'm speechless.
No miracles...but don't give up hope. Contiune search and rescue efforts until officials decide it is a search and recovery mission. Hope the best for everyone aboard.
No debris field just an oil slick its not an indication of a crash site, no debris no crash, still missing until confirmed debris are found. unless a cover up, two hours inflight its almost two third its way, its in red.
Why can't they find the wreckage? Maybe some alien monster got the plane?
I think the plane is headed for Mars.
How nice of them to go out of their way and pick one person to sympathize for instead of the entire crew and passenger manifest. My prayers go out to ALL of the crew and passengers on board and hope for survivors.
It's a shame that IBM has not made one comment regarding the potential tragedy and the loss of an employee. Freescale at least had enough class to comment on their employees that were lost. All IBM has talked about is it's financial performance. IBM CEO Rometty Says Company Didn’t Meet Expectations Last Year By Alex Barinka Mar 9, 2014 1:37 PM ET
Foul play! Bejing is so lucky to have been spares of whatever was plotted by the holders of the two fake passports! America should tighten up check at customs for fake passports as well!
I pray for the families that they would have peace and be strengthend at this time of not knowing what is happening. It is very difficult for them. I also pray for a miracle. I pray also for those that dont know the Lord that they would look to Him and give their life to Him and look to Jesus for salvation. Also those that do know Jesus would draw close to Him and not turn away.
something fishy going on. where were the big ears, not listening? thought they heard seen all
It's China's newest military weapon they are showing off to show how they can now make entire flights dissapear in to thin air. Abbracadabra Poof, no more flight. Where'd it go everyone?
Many of us have a bad feeling about this crash. How much can be recovered from the water at those depths?
If you have ever lost a loved one, you can sort of empathize with everyone who has someone they cherish on this flight. The difference being, we knew, they don't. My heart is heavy for them right now. Be nice to people. Live your life honestly and godly, you never know when it will be over or change in ways you could never imagine.
Where's the Black Box?? And no, I'm not referring to Kim K's #$%$.
The black box is in the plane which they cant find.....such a f$&$ time to make a uncalled for joke.
Hey, this is a Yahoo board, seems like they run a story on the Kardashian every week.... I thought a planes Black Box was indestructible, and emitted a "ping" so it could be located. Jeez, life is too short, get a sense of humor!
Come on really....yes life is to short but kind of a sad moment to make a joke like that
Well you should have realized the black box was in the plane in the first place. Obviously you can't record flight data if the damn machine isn't in the plane. Think about what you say and stop making jokes this really isn't the time.
people will stolen passport could board the plane. something is wrong with security at this airport there presumably, US bound airplane from Malaysia could be boarded by terrorist. FBI should immediate dispatch to Malaysia to work on increasing the safety of all US bound plane
I think there is a different procedure for US bound flights. When I fly from HK to NY, my carryon get gate search. I fly F class. I am not allow to bring any liquid into the plane
Malaysia is no HK. don't think people with fake passport could board in HK. Malaysia is a country with massive corruption, also many Islamist sympathize with global terrorism.
It's the same procedure boarding from Malaysia. All hand luggage and handbags are scan and search. Guys are given the 'pat down'. Those with heavy shoes or boots need to remove them and put them through the scan conveyor,
The Malaysians apparently did not check the international database for passports. In the US, that would be considered deep doo doo.
How do they make sure terrorist with fake passport are not heading to US on the international flight?
We are just explaining to China how our satellites work...
It it just me that find it curious and thought provoking that an American is ALWAYS on board a hijacked or downed plane???? Or am I being non-patriotic?
If it is "terrorism", how did anyone smuggle a bomb on a plane? Passengers are scanned, patted down, luggage search. If it was a bomb it was placed on the plane by someone working as the ground crew, baggage, mechanic etc. Why haven't the Airport been shut down and the planes grounded?
We're talking Asian security here, not the smartest system in the world.
My daughter and family live in Malaysia. When I read the plane went down I got a chill as this is the route they take when they fly home. She has a year left in her contract and I pray all the time for their safe return to the states. The world is in a state of unrest and there are many Americans working in foreign countries.
When death smacks us in the gut, it awakens you to your own mortality too. My thoughts and prayers are with those who loved these people and with the each of you impacted in someway.
I hope and pray this was not a terriost action. Praying for the families the co pilot or pilot could have done something to bring plane down. I know that sounds horrible but there was a flight ny to cairo that went down. it was determine the co pilot locked the pilot out of the cockpit and crashed the plane he was heard yelling God is great in arabic. Whole thing was hushed up
someone, a terorist perhaps, has some new technology that makes the plane appear to have dissapeared. and they have taken over that plane. ....maybe i watch too much sci fi shows or maybe just maybe that type of technology does exist and this is life imitating art? its reminiscent of the tv show "Lost". when a plane disappeared and everyone was assumed dead but they survived on a mysterious island.
My condolences to all the family members left behind. I can only imagine the heart break they are suffering. May God Bless them and their lost loved ones.
God is the one who swatted that airplane to the ocean. I don't think the grieving families want any "blessings" from the "God" who created this disaster. ...and don't bother arguing with me. Because if you disagree, you are betraying your own faith. Think about it, you ignorant p.o.s.
Obama is sending a war ship over there right now to help with the search and rescue of 236 foreigners. But he couldn't send a single person to Benghazi to help our Ambassador and 3 Navy Seals who were brutally murdered.
Well if being upset that the President of the United States and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ignored repeated requests for more security which ultimately led to the deaths of 4 Patriotic Americans makes me the definition of a hater, well then I guess I'm a hater then.
Well a war ship in the Black Sea might be enough to put a stop to the Crimea take over by Russia, but there doesn't seem to be the political will to stand up to the Russian bully.
Geez Ray....turn off Fox Snooze before your brain melts.....oops....too late!
There is no levity in this situation. The facts are not known, so it is insensitive to offer theories as to what might have happened to the flight. Better to spend the energy on prayers for the families and friends, and hope that if the unthinkable has happened that at least the remains will be found for the families. And if this was at the hand of a terrorist, their justice has already come.
it seems a little strange to me but perhaps it was weather related? They do have autopilot so I don't see how it could be the fault of the pilot. Those planes have radio communication so why would you not radio someone for help. Could it be a terrorist as well? It could have been lightening if you get struck by it overseas I doubt theres anything you can do but crash.
Has anyone speculated on who would be the target if this was a terrorist attack? There were only 3 Americans on board, so it wasn't the US. It's not Russian, so there does not seem to be a connection to the Ukraine conflict. What terror group would be after a Chinese plane?
The plane is Malaysian. Their ticket is usually cheaper than of a Chinese airline on China route
Recipe Boards, Possibly the Xinjiang Separatists. They are the Chinese group the is responsible for the Beijing stabbing recently. The oppose the Communist Chinese government.
ohhh so i was reading this article thinking this is "Lost: Next Generation" and became instantly stoked!!! it wasn't until i saw it on the news that i realized that this really happened!!!! i wasn't so stoked any more.
Everyone is making wild guesses concerning flight MH370. Therefore, I offer my speculation. First of all, I would rule our suicide, because the jet fuel slicks observed in a 9 to 15 mile parallel track. This means the pilots, for what ever reason, were dumping fuel. If flight MH370 was in fact at the 35000 foot level, and suffered a mid-air explosion, the jet fuel tracks on the ocean would not be so orderly. Therefore, the pilots were dumping fuel for one of two reasons; as follows: (1) A pilot cab fire was so massive, that communications, and flight control systems were immediately lost. The sudden drop, and loss of air pressure prevent folks from making expected cell phone calls. Pilot knew the crash was imminent, and proceeded with a fuel dump, timed to empty the tank at point of impact. (2) Terrorist broke into the pilot cab, and immediately destroyed the communications....the pilots unloaded the fuel to end the high jacking.
If fuel is dumped at 35000 feet it does not create an oil slick, the fuel evaporates into the air long before it falls to the ground. Try pouring water onto the ground from a car moving 60mph. The wind disperses it before it can hit the ground four feet below it. No imagine going 500 mph and having seven miles to the ground. The fuel creates a slick when the container (the aircraft) ruptures upon contact with the surface.
How sad is it that most of the first 18 comments on here are jokes about a likely dead man. Real nice, I hope his friends or family don't read this #$%$.
Some people have no heart other than insulting others which shows they have no standards.
Some people have no life, wouldn't worry about it...sure thing they don't
All you trash talkers,,,,,you would be singing a much different tune if it was your family members on that plane. RIP and my condolences to all family and friends of the passengers
There are many sick people in this world and no matter how bad the disaster is they always find mean, cruel things to say. I almost pity them, you have to be miserable to think that way. I feel for the family and friends that are waiting for answers. The nice people in the world weep with you.
“I can imagine being in that plane as it's going down or whatever is happening to it,” Dahl told Yahoo News. I cannot imagine. I cannot imagine if I would have my life flash before my eyes or would I be in disbelief or shock at what is happening. Regardless, it is tragic that so many innocent lives were lost and as the article points out as young as 4 years old and 2 years old. :'(
My friends are on that ill fated flight... PLEASE, don't be insensitive and disrespectful when commenting. I ask that you PRAY for them, their families and friends. It is in God's hands we know. If you have nothing positive to say, please don't say a thing. Thank you for your understanding.
People have the right to say what they want! Maybe you should move to russia!
My God bless and keep you and their families right now. May he give you the courage and ability to deal with the emotions in the coming days. What ever has happened to them, now it is in Gods hands and he will take care of them. Please ignore the kind of folks like Tom that comment with evil remarks. They are the people that let you know that Satan is alive and working hard.
What's done is done. Prayer ain't gonna save them now. Search crews and technology are their only hope now.
Stacy...this place cant be a place were you look for support...careingly i say this,...because a decent amount of people who comment on here in this yahoo news forum happen to be the most God forsaken #$%$ of thee earth with an online connection.I am sorry to have to tell you this.
I know, can you believe this dingbat runs to a yahoo chatboard for comfort and compassion! LMAO!
doit, so freedom of speech is evil?? Maybe you and stacey should book that Russian trip together, get a discount!
Freedom of speech means that you have to use it responsibly. Attempting to say things that would bring someone in pain, more pain, yes, that is evil and you know it.
actually freedom of speech doesnt mean that at all! Freedom of Speech means just that the freedom to say what one wants without that being impeded by the govt! Has nothing to dow with speaking "responsibly" or speaking and causing someone pain! I suggest you educate yourself on the Constitution and actually read it?
As i kinda know the area and have spent time there. The 2 stolen pasports would not rest with terrorist with me in the begining. However, Selling of illigal passports is a big business there... most are used for human trafficing,
@ Robert......since the passports were stolen a few years ago, you're probably correct.
It's amazing to me what people will right, and not realize there thoughts of what happened too the victim's will hurt the family's of those gone. I know if it were me and I was looking on this too get comfort & read all that other's thought happened too my loved one, IT WOULD NOT ONLY HURT, BUT GIVE ME MORE TERRIBLE THING'S TOO THINK ABOUT WHAT THEY MAY HAVE GONE THROUGH... May whatever Higher power you believe in comfort you all in your time of need...
Brenda...darling grammar, spelling, punctuation....simply egregious...time to rehash some basic grammar and writing skills...but sweet sentiment.
I was going to post the same, JimF. I gave you a thumbs-up instead.
Ditto, I went through a very similar experience of a death by accident and the things that were said hurt more at times than the actual circumstance
its amazing to me that someone could place 3 grammatical mistakes in one sentence.
I wouldn't RIGHT anything except I know I'm WRITE!!! You're a dummy!
Christ, what is wrong with all of you? You have nothing better to do than belittle someone's grammar to make yourselves feel superior?
Really????? It is amazing to me that heartless, uncaring sheeple, are more concerned about spelling. Work on your comprehension skills, then you will have an easier time understanding the important part of her post. Some of you were obviously neglected by the people who taught compassion and empathy. What is your tombstone going to say "was a jerk, but sure could spell!"
americanwoman wonna be, don't like, don't read it, and make sure it is spelled right.
Hey I'm sorry guys, but that darn truck that broad sided me doing 65ml+ almost killed me and messed with my brain. But good thing I've got you too set me straight & here too keep this ol word running on track. By the way guys I think your focusing on the wrong things, as far as I can tell (even with brain damage) there's a few things that are more important than me misspelling a few words...lol And to those who spoke up for me, THANK YOU & it's nice to know there's someone out here that has the common sense this world needs...
First the chinese go on strike at an IBM factory. Now an IBM exec disappears in a mysterious plane crash. Sounds like this American was the target of the bombing.
We all experience the humiliations of TSA at Airports now we hear that there were 2 passengers using stolen passports. Since we have to give the Airlines our Passport numbers before check in it appears that nothing is done with the information at least by Malaysia Airlines. Even if there are several thousand stolen passports a data base computer check would seem to be a mere formality. Jerry's sick comment about Mt Wood being able to float shows he needs Medical help...
TSA is a US agency, and as far has saying Malaysian Airlines goofed on the passport. I believe they do not handle their own customs....
What does the TSA have to do with a flight departing from Malaysia, or departing from any country but the US.
How were 2 stolen passports used without raising any red flags. We just returned from Mexico. Leaving the US, they are very thorough before you get on that plane. They check everything. Your passport is checked several times before getting on the plane. Coming home, going through security is a joke. We didn't even have to take our shoes off and I think our passports were only checked once. Then you get back to the US, I feel like they are giving you the evil eye when you go through passport control. It may take longer, but I would rather they check and double check.
walking across the border from tijuana to san ysidro your passports are swiped and all data comes up on a screen: picture, dob, places of travel, and most likely the words 'STOLEN' if applicable. this is the tijuana/san ysidro crossing. come on now world, get with it.
I'm sure this makes whatever happened to the Aircraft more important than it would otherwise be!
Yeah im sure that China is broadcasting how many chinese were on there too !!!!!! Well of course if there werent any Americans on there then why would America be interested !
Hope they are checking to see if Hillary had any connection to Woods.
As the loss of contact was immediate, there must have been immediate mid-air catastrophic failure in the form of an explosion. Either mechanical failure, or intentional sabotage. That's my take anyway. In this wireless age, why these planes don't yet have real-time "black box" type "cloud" links of flight information is beyond me.
I was reading a little on the last big crash of Air France flight in 2009 and it "disappeared" mid-flight as well - it was two days before they found any wreckage and 2 years before they found the black boxes - unfortunately that data revealed there was about a 3 1/2 minute free fall before impact - even though it simply disappeared from radar. You hope whatever happened was fast - but loss of contact doesn't automatically mean that :-(
Amy - experts looking at the AF flight believe passesngers (and crew, unfortunately) didnt feel a thing, since the plane stalled and fell out of the sky perfectly level.
Unfortunately this sounds like a terrorist attack.
I think its a bit too early to say for sure
It is but just reading about the info that is available that's the conclusion I come up with.
Way, sadly I agree with you! Plane flying while the weather was normal, on cruising speed and now reports are the plane suddenly turned back without communication from the cockpit? And now there are reports that 4 passengers on that plane were "Suspicious" and used stolen passports? What are the odds of 4 passengers having 4 stolen passports on the same plane and not being connected?? Still early in the investigation but something isnt right here
I don't think it will be long before they find the plane. Apparently the sea isn't that deep where it was last seen. Once they find the wreckage and hopefully the black box they will be able to determine the probable cause of the crash.
Now they are saying the plane disintegrated no black box. No wreckage.
Indonesia is the center of Muslim population [ Read: BFN extremists ], and my supposition is that there was a bomb that went off on board that probably knocked out electrical power instantly and brought the aircraft down rapidly even if it did manage to reverse course back to its originating airfield.
please, can we NOT make this about America. One American life lost and the other couple hundred people soon to be forgotten. We didn't know this man, He could've been an abusing maniac, but he's a white American male and we're all saddened. If it would've been a muslim American, we would have disclaimed him and accused him of a terrorist attack-although there is no confirmation that this WAS a terrorist attack. For all we know, the American man could've had a bomb..let us not forget that the Boston bombers, although they were Muslim were two white American males.
America was settled by white Europeans. We should not discriminate against whites just because they attained civilization before other countries.
Um, this article happens to be about a specific American losing his life. People are wrong to offer condolences?
So he has children. Is that supposed to make him somehow more valuable or more worthy of sympathy than us non-breeders?
Look for Malaysia to drag it's feet over anything that could harm the tourism industry.
Two people had other people's passports and 10 people were having affairs and 30 people had felonies and 150 people had overbites and 22 people needed to seriously take baths and most everyone was atheists but none of it explains where this plane is and what caused it to go down?
150 people had overbites? Well, that's suspicious right there. You're saying over half the people on the plane had overbites? Only 12% of the world population has overbites. The investigation should start with this overbite thing.
You almost got dat rite. Wonder if any voted for Obummer?
It is important to find out who was using the stolen passports at least this is lead.
Lady A - Why waste time investigating this stolen passport thing? Clearly the unusual number of people with overbites on this plane needs to be the focus of the investigation.
correct. Even the conspicuous presence of Islamic names won't really be much of a clue, since it flew out of an Islamic country and all, LOL
yeah, the overbites is concerning...not just a lot of muslims on board, but presence of a lot of generally Fugly MFers is suspicious.
Obama is trying to convince the European leaders for Hope and Change.
IDIOT... what an Idiot... Everything is NOT about politics...
Ed,please try to pay closer attention.
Mafioso--believe it or not you can be found you coward. Keep running your potty mouth about Americans and you may find one on your doorstep.
Betcha I can tell you what religion this family is, they have intermarried for soo long they all look alike & act alike. Lots of them are involved in these foreign lines of work and we are left to wonder,how can we ever get out of this greedy bunches hands they are EVERYWHERE!! Politics,energy,healthcare,teachers, professors, lawyers,business owners & greed & power is their middle name.
You shut your mouth and respect the relatives and family members of the people on that flight. I am sick and tired of stupid people posting stupid posts. Imagine if it was your mother or your father or your wife that was on that plane? And what if family members and relatives of these people read these comments... You make me sick. I really do hope there is a chance that everyone made it out on a life raft or something. I'll be praying for all 239 passengers tonight.
Tragic situation. I just hope everyone died quickly and perhaps as the saying goes, never knew what hit them..if it was a sudden explosion that is probably the best for the passengers.
the plane is hidden in china. you still wish they're all dead?? moron
Anyone that travels frequently or has loved ones that travel frequently can understand the pain,anxiety and suffering of these family's. There is no more need to pray for their souls. They are either with God or paying for their sins long before we knew the plan was down. The ones that need the prayers and care are the people who love them and are left behind.
I hate articles like this. While sad this article makes it seem as if this guy were the only victim worth talking about just because he is american.
So, you mean to tell me that if I were to go to Russian media sites, they wouldn't have an article talking about the only Russian person on that flight? All lives lost were tragic...this one is just a lot closer to home than if they had a story about, say, the Malaysian pilot. And I'm sure the Malaysian media is talking about him, and the crew, and the other Malaysians killed, but not mentioning the Americans, Canadians, French, or Chinese.
What are you S#T^U)P*ID- its am AMERICAN website of course they are going to talk about the Americans that died
Outsourcing American jobs creates many casualties.
I just got an anal cavity search at the airport last week. They found some guys p#$%$port in my #$%$. Thank god these same people are protecting me.
...Stop doing the "Fast and Furious" with Eric Holder in the White House Men's Room...I knew you'd get caught!!!......
Why is everyone assuming they're DEAD? You people...
most probable unless they were sucked into a primeval vortex of the devil
They are dead because of a catastrophic destruction event at 35 angels (35,000').
ok, here is my version: those people with stolen passports seem fishy. WHO WERE THOSE PEOPLE? what if they were wanted or prohibited to fly terrorists? Bombing of the airplane seems very likely because pilots had zero time to report ANYTHING.
Malaysia does not have the regulations needed to keep these planes maintenance up to par.
Perhaps.. But the airline has a tremendous safety vs accident record. Must be doing something right!
The 777 is the safest bird in the air. Theirs no doubt in my mind it was terrorism !
How often does a modern commercial airliner drop out of the sky carrying 2 people with stolen passports? You only carry a stolen passport if your a criminal / terrorist. It's very obvious what happened to this plane. The Malaysian government has some questions to answer as to security procedures.
You won't get any honest answers out of a Muslim government ...
Until some proof is found....nothing is 'obvious'!
Have you ever wondered what happened to the 4 planes involved in the 9/11 incident ? We already know that planes did not hit buildings and one did not hit the field. So, if they can do it to 4, one is easy.
You've been smoking the glass pipe and spanking your pickle too much in your garage to a Ron Paul Poster... seek help, conspiracy theory dill doe
recall an Egyptian co pilot locking the captain out of the cabin and plunging the passenger jet into he ocean. He was reciting his muslim chants all the way down. He had some personal troubles so probably decided suicide would seem easier shared especially when the pasengers sacrificed were infidels
Can't even imagine what all those beautiful souls experienced. God Bless them, their families and may they all rest in peace...
Beautiful souls? We have no idea who they were.
RIP community, whereas if there is any justice served here, let it be swift and sure.
This is my guess. Today you may be traveling in American Airline Flight ABC and on the same airplane you find passengers on Italy Airline Flight XYZ - meaning two airline companies using the same airplane. Remember the knives attacks in central China last week? Can it be the same terrorist group trying to attack China Airlines booking tickets with stolen passports and ending up in the Malaysia airplane?
The knife murders took place at a distance of 1,313.26 miles from where the plane was supposed to land. The knife murders took place at a distance of 1,244.65 miles from where the plane crashed into the ocean.
Addressed to comment from person who calls themselves, GOD. This is the end of this world for almost 250 people. I would think that OUR media would report on the number of AMERICANS on that plane, don't you? Personally, I grieve for all victims and their families.
The black box will reveal everything that went wrong. To find the box they have to find the plane first; so far nobody knows where it's at.
Not everything is a conspiracy theory. Sometimes a crashed plane, is a crashed plane.
don't be blind to the obvious. 2 people had stolen passports if it was just 1 then yeah it could just be coincidence. What pilot doesn't radio for help when the plane is going down?? Unless its a rookie pilot its very hard to believe that a distress call wasn't made.
Everything is believable to liberals!! Hell... they even believe man is causing the earth to warm up!!!!!
Terrorists? Possibly. But I would think terrorists would want to crash the the plane into a large city were hundreds if not thousands of deaths would occur rather than take a plane down in the ocean and killing only those on the plane.
Come on yahoo; where's the gay angle? You're disappointing me. Maybe here was a gay professional juggler on board that the world will miss.
What is the only wood that doesn't float? Apparently Phil Wood. Thank you. I will be doing 2 shows nightly. Seriously, I am sure the black boxes will be found and everything will come out. Condolences to the families.
Natalie Wood was the first version of that off color joke.
I know but that was a generation ago. New audience
Condolences, yeah. You sound really sincere. You must be a lot of fun at a funeral.
Does seem similar to the incident in the 90's when the TWA flight went down shortly after taking off in NY! Witnesses in that case said they saw missiles or projectiles in the sky going toward that TWA plane. I hope a series investigation begins!!!
I hope the investigators can discover what happened so that this can be avoided in the future. Accidents are rarely caused by a single, catastrophic failure. They are usually the result of a series of minor mechanical or human failures. Time will reveal the answers...
the cause was two terrorists with stolen passports.
Hillary would join the search for this missing aircraft because she is a certified jet pilot having piloted Air Force One many times back in the day but right now Hillary is busy dodging Sniper Fire on the Tar Mac of the Ukraine Airport.
My thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of everyone on this airliner.
People die every day. Some die faster and in larger quantities, some die tragically. But life goes on.
Two words for this tragedy: Islamic terrorism.
My prayers to the families of those 239 souls.
God help all the families and friends. Naturally, God take care of all involved.
2 oil slicks but nothing floating? All those floatation cushions should be bobbing everywhere unless people were still sitting on ALL of them at impact.
May all of the 239 people on board be safe and sound and alive. And why would you make a joke about a "dead" man?! That sure would cheer up his family. *sarcasm* And seriously? Kill all the Muslims in the world?! That is RIDICULOUS. I hope Philip Wood is alive, as all the other passengers, and let God bless them and their families.
Kill all the Muslims in the world would be a good thing !
RIP Phil Wood. It is an interesting community, those ex-pats that choose to live far from home. I have been one. I have walked onto this same flight. You always look around and spot the other ex-pats, maybe exchanging a nod or 'hello'. You sit in your seat and try to say 'hello' to the person beside you in their language. From KL you try Bhasa Malay, Mandarin, Cantonese or even Thai. You usually only know a few words but that person is so happy you are trying you end up communicating somehow. My condolences to his family but never doubt he was doing what he loved. I am absolutely sure Wood loved it because only those that do, do. It is just how it is.
Had to chuckle at the "exchanging a nod" so true. Do not understand why three people would give this a "thumbs down" unless they do not have the guts and/or resources to experience this and are jealous? LOL~~ LIving in Cebu Philippines.
@ Ted Davis in CR, khob khun mak krub. To Ralph, good luck to you. I agree we have chosen an interesting life I would not trade for anything but sad for our brother Phil. Just for today. He lived as he wanted and no one gets out alive.
BTW, Ted, I lived in Chiang Mai for Oct thru Dec and went through CR many times for the passport stamp up at Mae Sai. Sorry but I still prefer CM. Mai pen rai krub.
It's probably the same thing that happened to Amelia Earhart's plane.
Could be nobody ever found her plane.
An American Pastor on an all Muslim flight in Muslim areas... Very interesting.
From looking at the estimated crash location and the fact there was no distress call, this incident was likely a planned midair explosion.
I can't believe how many jerks and trolls there are commenting on this. A plane (most likely) crashes and they use it to bring up ridiculous things like politics and "there is no God because he wouldn't let this happen". Keep your idiotic opinions to yourself.
It's not most likely, they confirmed it's a plane
I agree La Roi, the Constitution doesn't prevent others from proving they are idiots
Meant to say "plane crash". Oh well.
I agree. What mourning family needs that #$%$ now?
If that were even remotely possible that thisplane has landed or been shot down, the Malaysian authorities would have to be giving conflicting information, false leads, story changes, delays.....oh, wait.
Think outside the box. Was there anyone on the plane that someone wanted to have killed? And willing to sacrifice all other passengers to do it?
So there was killing in china recently by presumably terrorists. Anyone who knows flying & the world can speculate what took place! It's between the Thailand & Chinese terrorists hence again there's Thailand...another coincidence. There was also the mall shooting in Kenya! Wonder where all THESE INCIDENCES LINK BACK TO...
They link back to tragic accidents. Every country has someone who hates them and you can't go around looking for who's fault it is. In the end, only God really knows.
As a true cancer survivor who was given just weeks to live over 12 years ago, I may not be religious, but I for one knows that miracles truly do happen. My thoughts are with every friend and every family member of those on board. NEVER give up hope.
An American 2 year old and 4 year old? Both of Asian descent based on their names. No matter what your religion is. No matter what your political group is. No matter what! Killing babies is horrific. To all of those that were a part of this and still living... may you all rot in the belly of a festering pig!
Maybe the Vietnamese Air Force thought it was hostile aircraft in their air space.
Don't forget that KAL flight over Russia and the Iranian passenger jet we blew out of the air.
I can't believe all the asinine comments people make ie: lovely one jones, brad, pit viper, charlie d, hiram d and the idiot that had his comment taken off. You are all pathetic and you make me sick. Many prayers to the families who are now missing their loved ones.
Hopefully "amazing" will burn in hell
Hopefully "amazing" will get right before it comes to that, Commenter.
"The Amazing Atheist" will learn otherwise at the last moment of his life.
Atheist, you are so wrong. Why do you blame God? There are many bad things happening and they are caused by Satan and his demons. We were warned about this. But even if believers die they go to a better place, this life is temporary. The end will come and God will win the war! I hope you learn that before it is too late.
Athiest was raised in a Petrie dish along with the bacteria used in biological weapons.
Don't we have satilites that can focus in on that area or any area for that matter what the hell did we pay for?
it doesn't matter what caused it, or if it was terrorism, or anything else, they're still freaking dead. and the only "something" that will be found will be the bloated dead bodies. and there is absolutely nothing you can do about it that will change these facts. get over it people
Not sure if it was terrorism because no one has come forward. I think they would have made a big prodruction that they got control of a plane but who knows.
Terrorists don't always claim responsibility immediately.
The plane clearly crashed into the sea and there are no survivors! now they need to quickly find the crash site and recover as many bodies as they can before the sharks get to them, if they havent already. But lets stop this nonsense of "hoping for the best" or that "there may be survivors", or "have faith"! Facts are they are dead!
Some one stated that 2 individuals were on board with stolen ID.THis is real common. But Its karma in a way.Poor folks , Depending on how deep the water is. If its to deep they my never find them.Or be unable to reach the wreakage. If this is the senerio the families will never get closer.I have watched programs on the Discovery channell where deep sea salvage rigs have come across planes lost for years.I wish the surviviors of these familes all the best in dealing with this sad situation.
Regarding wherever they perished in the depths of the ocean, they do have the technology to still find most of the wreckage, parts, remains, debris, black box, etc. It's not like the days of the Titanic.
I think all of us don't have a fraction of the whole story..
If they can't locate the black box, We know it's NOT an accident!
sorry to hear there was an american on board, but besdies the American. I look at it as Karma as I had identity theft from some POS in Kuala Lumpur this week so Ef You Malaysia and all of your POS scamming people. You reap what you sow
What a tragedy for a man that loved what he did and was respected by his extended family.
If it was pilot error, or pilots intentionally down the plane, there would be evidence of the plane going off of the radar. If it was a bomb it was put on the plane by the ground crew, and the Airport would have been shut down to prevent another plane being taken down.
I believe the transponder can be turned off in the cockpit; then it would not show up on radar at all. Just a thought.
That's a really nice way to notify family of a death. A Facebook posting. Society has declined to the point of no return. I remember back in 1997 when a friend of ours at work was dying of brain cancer. When he did pass, they sent out an email "Rich H--- passed away last evening............." I hated the way it was handled as if they did not want to be bothered to tell us in person. Sickening.
The gossips of Facebook quicker than lightening.
Another Islamic Jihad! Another Islamofascistic Jihad! Just a few days ago several Chinese Muslims massacred their fellow commuters on a train in China, but the Muslim-appeasing Western media did not say a word. I saw it on China's English News Channel (CCTV). Obama, just like in Benghazi and Kenyan shopping mall Islamic terrorist attacks, will be reluctant to condemn this act of Islamofascism.
As for IBM jobs I just learned from BBC Katty Kay (google it) that in 2004 there were 130,000 jobs in the US and about 5000 jobs in India and a few thousands in Singapore and Malaysia. Now about 120,000 jobs moved to India IBM and a far fewer than this in the US. In 2005 there were five GE R&D centers in the US and now there is only one R&D center in the US and the rest in India, Beijing and Germany. Why then study science and engineering in the US? No doubt no one wants to go to school to major in science and engineering. The US congress and the corporate and many places they recruit lawyers.
maybe you need a lot MORE education...and next time, take a couple of english courses...we have absolutely NO idea #$%$ you are trying to say..."The US congress and the corporate and many places they recruit lawyers."...that is your last sentence...i have a crisp 100$ bill for anyone...ANYONE...who can make sense of that gibberish...you are what's wrong with our education system...i hope you're a math genius...at least then you'd have an excuse not to be able to write comprehensible english...
Educationist! This tragic news not about jobs!!!!!! HUMAN LIFE's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Do You understand the difference?
I get your message but, forgive me, your last sentence is a mess. I agree wholeheartedly with you, but when education is "free" be it by government loans or other means, it loses value and becomes flooded with dumb kids learning nothing useful but spending lots of money. The smart students opt for the path to quick money. So, our top schools for engineering and science are now educating foreign students to survive. This is insanity.
Lujza you are absolutely correct! Human life is very precious but if our teens waste their youth life in send hundreds of text messages when an instructor is teaching it has its own sorrow.
With the information we have seen thus far, the plane was blow out of the sky, there was not enough time for the passengers to suffer, and given the unrest in China, we will likely learn that the two with stolen passports were radical Muslims. My thoughts are with the many families affected by this act of terrorism. The first question that needs to be addressed is how in the world, two stolen passports could have been used to board the airplane. Both of these passports were in the system as having been stolen, makes you think there was assistance on the ground going through security at Kuala Lumpur. We don't know anything for sure just yet, but something is strangely amiss with this story thus far.
If it was "blow out of the sky" there would be a floating debris field.
So, is this the theme for your next fictional book?
Maybe they were Tea Party "patriots" looking for a way to have their religious cause back on the front pages.
Wasn't there a terrorist train explosion, recently, in China?
Oh, yes, Laura, I forgot that you a an innocent Christian who only consider humans those of your lot. Get a life, you racist. To indicate that all Muslims are terrorists is a travesty.
@Jim, i'm actually an atheist and I did NOT imply all muslims are terrorists, I said RADICAL, like the ones who recently backed carnage in China!
If somebody steal your lunch, you call that a terrorist attack too
“Phil cared about people, his family, and above all, Christ,” Hmm...so he cared more about his God than his family. Interesting. I was raised a man's only responsibility is to his family, no one and nothing else comes before a man's family. I feel for all of the families, it's horrible, but I must say christians gotta stop this nonsense, they hold out their christianity like a shield, announcing to the world they are better than everyone else. With all due respect to this man's memory but if he put his god above his family...than he wasn't much of a man.
Why would any reporter speak of only one individual whom died and not give any others a thought.. what the %^^$# is wrong with our media today. How thoughtless and selfish to mention a big american IBM exect and not give any others whom perished a thought, as their lives were not as important...my heart goes out to every individual whom perished, big or small.
You've used the word "whom" incorrectly in every single instance in your post. They should all be "who". They mentioned this man in particular because he was an American and this web site is geared toward an American audience. It doesn't mean that the lives of others weren't important.
@Daisy....as you mentioned, this web site is geared toward an American "whom" perished, it is not about grammar and spelling.
The only way planes disintegrate like this, is by bomb.
Leaving absolutely nothing that is buoyant?
Yes, that was just an ignorant keyboard-detective post.
Nope, because the honeycomb composite has air bubbles, it will float, even little pieces of it.
They use one of the strongest adhesives on the planet to glue the skin to that composite.
Which is why you have whole sections that float.
The composite is shaped like a beehives honeycomb, with 100000000's of holes.. It comes in a block.. You grab the hooking tool, and give it a yank, voila, you end up with a 4 x 8 sheet of aluminum honeycomb. Its pretty cool stuff, extremely strong because of the hex of the honeycomb.
@Wally , stop being a douchebag, i was a level 3 flight line mechanic.
temat. how about you make ONE post instead of 5?? they all are thumbs down anyway
I thought Obama and the NSA was tapping everyone's hone and computer for stuff like this. Guess they missed a lil' ole' terrorist plot to take down a plane. and YES, I will blame our NSA. Since we ADMITTED tapping everyones phone and computer then it IS our job to be responsible for the consequences
Well here's some news I found not published on Yahoo. News Release Printer Friendly Version View printer-friendly version
Thanks Jessica, Hopefully this will post !! 20 Freescale Semiconductor employees on missing Malaysian flight Published 17 hours and 46 minutes ago Last updated 3 hours and 22 minutes ago Bob Pockrass Freescale Semiconductor, a Texas-based company that plays a role in the performance of every NASCAR Sprint Cup car, announced it had 20 employees on missing Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370. More than a day and a half has passed since the Boeing 777 disappeared from radar screens in the first hour of a six-hour flight from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, to Beijing. Reports indicate investigators have not ruled out a terrorist act. Freestyle logo (AP Photo) Vietnamese authorities searching the Gulf of Thailand for the missing located an object Sunday that they suspected was one of the plane's doors, as international intelligence agencies joined the investigation into two passengers who boarded the aircraft with stolen passports. No confirmed debris from the plane had been found, The Associated Press reported about 1:30 p.m. ET Sunday. The final minutes before it disappeared remained a mystery. The plane, which was carrying 239 people, lost contact with ground controllers somewhere between Malaysia and Vietnam after leaving Kuala Lumpur early Saturday for Beijing. Freescale is a global provider of data-gathering components for vehicles and other devices. It provides the processors to McLaren that are part of the electronic control units that run the fuel-injection systems of all Cup cars. In a news release, Freescale said it had 12 employees from Malaysia and eight from China on the flight. “At present, we are solely focused on our employees and their families,” said Gregg Lowe, Freescale's president and CEO. “Our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by this tragic event.” The United States was participating in the search operation. A team of American experts was en route to Asia to be ready to assist in the investigation into the crash. The team includes accident investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board, as well as technical experts from the Federal Aviation Administration and Boeing, the safety board said in a statement. The missing plane apparently fell from the sky at cruising altitude in fine weather, and the pilots were either unable or had no time to send a distress signal — unusual circumstances under which a modern jetliner operated by a professional airline would crash. Authorities were checking on the identities of the two passengers who boarded the plane with stolen passports. On Saturday, the foreign ministries in Italy and Austria said the names of two citizens listed on the flight's manifest matched the names on two passports reported stolen in Thailand. The family of a North Texas man who was aboard the Malaysia Airlines flight that went missing says they saw him about a week ago when he visited home. "There is a shock, a very surreal moment in your life," James Wood says. He is the brother of Philip Wood, one of three Americans on the Boeing 777. Wood spoke via telephone from the family's home in Keller. Philip Wood LinkedIn page lists him as a Technical Storage Executive at IBM Malaysia. He visited Keller last week before relocating to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, from Beijing, where he'd worked for two years. James Wood says the family's faith is keeping them together. "We are one family, there are 240 other families. Our hearts go out to them," he says. Contributing: Associated Press
After reading the article about the Freescale staff I took a look for any comment from IBM on both yesterday and today.In both cases all I saw were articles about IBM's financial performance. IBM CEO Rometty Says Company Didn’t Meet Expectations Last Year By Alex Barinka Mar 9, 2014 1:37 PM ET
If the plane did expode - wouldn't there be debris floating on the water? They mention oil in several articles - but I was thinking like clothing or seats or something. Maybe I am wrong - but not everything would sink to the bottom of the ocean.
I don't know Oscar, just like you don't know. Quit playing Monday morning armchair QB.
Thanks Me! I may not be a scientist - but I am a Research Librarian. And I am concerned for the people on the plane and their families. They have a right to know what information is available.
As an retired American serviceman now living in Thailand, I feel bad for the family of passengers on this flight. Normally, flying anywhere in SE Asia is very safe, until tragedy strikes like this, I blame Obummer.
A plane crash in Asia is Obama's fault? Explanation, please?
The explination is that he is a Larry is a moron who ran out of his meds.
@joel--Everything evil is Obummer's fault..he is the anti-Christ, look behing one of his big ears, he has "666" tattooed. Proof is ther if you know where to look, instead of always being up his (a)ss.
Last time I caressed behind his ears it actually said 999. But now that I think about it, he was upside-down. You might just be right.
I figured you for a rump ranger, Joel I was correct
Questions that I am curious about: 1.Two of the Three passengers with American Passports were under 5 years old. So who were their parents? Were they children of Chinese (who were on the plane) who purposely give birth in the US so their children get citizenship? 2. If Wood has two children living in Dallas, why the hell is he living on the other side of the world? Why would he choose to "experience the world" over experiencing his children growing up. 3. The passports that were stolen were from Italy and Austria. Whomever was using those passports would have to look like the sterotypical people from those countries otherwise, wouldn't they expect to draw suspicion?
2 - it does not give the age of his sons. He is 51 years old, they could be adults.
One more question, Why are some people, who are without any facts whatsoever, so judgmental?
People must realize that the pilots are capable of turning off the responder that allows the control tower to locate a plane. Suicide pilots have been know to do this and so have terrorists. Possible electrical problem could have incapacitated the responder.
Highly unlikely for communication to be abruptly lost without some warning. The black box if found is probably the only way the truth will be uncovered. Pilots and or crew cannot access this equipment
This horrific accident reeks of terrorism.
There appears to be NO floating debris at all. Any explosion or catastrophic failure of the fuselage at 35,000 feet would scatter floatable debris over a very large area. The aircraft transponder did not indicate any descent or anything else. It just went OFF !! Perhaps the pilot or someone else disabled the transponder or disabled the electrical system. The pilot and/or co-pilot may have had issues with the way China is treating Uighurs in Southwest China. On the other hand, if the pilot disabled the transponder and dumped some fuel in the water as a diversion -- the aircraft would still have shown up as "un-identified" on radars from Vietnam, Loas, possibly Thailand and Cambodia -- UNLESS they flew the plane at very low atitude -- and hijacked the plane to __??_____.
Good Point about the debris, but the debris could be so small that it's not seen from the air. I have, to TV Documentary, where a passenger plane crashed, and it was almost impossible to find any large parts. Everything was very small.
Dumping fuel would not leave a slick on the water.
considering they found 2 areas of oil slicks it probably did not break up that high or the oil would not be seen as an oil slick.
For sure a group of terrorist . M. brotherhood. Would be a good start !!
Fear mongering with absolutely no logical structure, let alone proof. How very American of you.
I think there were one or two terror attacks, one being the USS Cole if Im not mistaken that the original meetings took place in Malaysia. Al Qaeda does have a presence there.....Unless you believe as this administration does that Al Qaeda has mostly been defeated.
Republicans should re-run Hillary's presidential ad from 2008: Who will answer the White House Red Phone when it rings in the middle of the night.? It's 3 o'clock in the morning. The children are asleep. Everyone is tucked in. The phone rings in the White House. Who will answer the phone? If Hillary refuses to take responsibility for Benghazi, do you think she will have the character, judgement or integrity to protect all American citizens as President of the United States?
Take responsibility for what, and what the heck does any of that have to do with this incident?
Oh no, an American was aboard a plane that crashed! Let's all focus on that one person now instead of all the other 238 other passengers whose lives are just as meaningful yet somehow the media doesn't seem to care cause now a white guy is involved.
Personally, I could G.A.S about any of them. When someone I know is involved... then it's news. No need for drama
Feel sorry for both of you.. Ok.. that's over.
con'd: Mainstream western cults say god is a he because it's a patriarchal, man is more worthy than women deal. Women can't be priests in the Cathy cult. Pope in Spanish is Papa, which also means potoato, it's perfect. Poke at the Pope, Donovan. I bet most here don't believe Mohammed split the moon with an arrow. Me neither. Do you believe Jesus was born to a virgin and rose from the actual dead? I don't. Because it didn't happen. You folks need to get your minds right.
Scott, it's obvious you don't have a life, girlfriend, wife or family. No one really cares what you think and I am sure they never have. You're just a loser!
Bravo! Spoken like a real 20 year old Obama supporter....you know everything and you tell people what they 'need to do'!
Bill, you say no one cares, then why did you reply with childish remarks" Walker: On the contrary.; that's what the proselytizers claim. I don't.
American Liberals need to blame somebody for this... Libtards always need to blame and point fingers.
the French with a look on their face like "quoi"?
Very sad, event. All we can do is pray for the families of all those who had loved ones on board. Terrible news.
If there was an explosion of some kind wouldn't there be pieces of the plane floating about?
May God be with all the families and friends who worry and wait now. I pray that you find peace.
sal, mo was talking to normal people
Whose god....there are so many! You need to be more specific.
Sad day for the families. RIP from France
" Two others with American passports are listed as Nicole Meng, 4, and Yan Zhang, age 2." What kind of NONSENSE reporting is that? If they have American passports, they are AMERICAN CITIZENS. Why is the white guy the only "American citizen" while the Asians are just " two others with American passports".
I fly airplanes...most days...and I can tell you that when one of my planes crash...I'm not happy! But the good news...I can get new parts on amazon and as long as my transmitter is still controlling the plane, I'm good to go!
Two of the people on the plane had stolen passports. I guess that could be a coincidence.
It could be human smuggling or fugitives on the run, etc.
Not much human smuggling "into China". More likely a plot by the usual "true believers".
Seems very likely some foul play may be involved
@Scott....learn to spell. Terrorism is not hyphenated.
The Chinese will deal with whoever is responsible for this. They will not worry about a trial.
Maybe it was terrorism. I wonder who else was on that plane?
How does a passport that has been reported as stolen not set off alarms when scanned?
Silky.....I have two silky fowl on my roof garden. I get fresh delicious eggs every morning. Nice photo.
@Shannon, Malaysian airport security would have to be connected to an Interpol database of stolen passports to set off alarms.
My prayers to the families of those 239 souls on board. RIP
Yeah, gosh... the other 265 people don't count I guess... one of the people who died was 'an American Dad''.
Nobody said they didn't count. This is one man's story. Go ahead and write one about the rest of the passengers. Nobody is stopping you.
This article is probably written in such a manner to target American audience.
It's only tragic because an American died? ONE American. I'm sorry to the families of ALL of the victims of this incident.
No it's tragic regardless, but having a countryman onboard brings it a little more home to folks in the States.
More PC I guess? She's the EX! To Woods actual family and friends many prayers to you.
Absolute tragedy for everyone involved. R I P
Wat to far off coast to me a surface to air. This was either a bomb, or one more incompetent asian pilot. I guarantee he had hi turn light on for 100 miles.
Why all the hate? I hope Philip is safe, and if he did not survive a crash, that he rests in peace. To you small minded trolls, there is nothing wrong commenting on a single passenger, if he is the only one about which there is information. If you know details about any of the other passengers, feel free to share it with the author.
Prayers to all the families of the passengers.
Useless nonsense. Does your 'god' not already know? Is he running a popularity contest base don prayers?
Uncle...you are a poor excuse of a human being
Everyone is entitled to their opinion without a personal attack.
So he's American, but lives in another country. Real patriotic.
He was probably more patriotic then many that still live in America....teabaggers come to mind!
This happened in the South China Sea they say? is this in the area China is bullying every one out of? If so, China probably shot it down. Russia shot a KAL plane down some years ago, remember.
1983 was the year that Russia shot down the KAL. A Georgia U.S. congressman was on board. Rep Larry McDonald.
Why were there 2 children on board with American passports and their parents or guardians didn't have American passports?
Their parents live in the US and they are not yet American citizens (under process) Kids were born in US and so they are American citizens. That is the fact with me and my wife and my son too.
Very sad for all affected. RIP
That there was no distress call and no one reached out to loved ones, tells me it was quick and unexpected. Hopefully painless. Explosion? Wishing peace for the families.
Good diversion for Putin to set up his next move, ever think of that?
“IBM was offering people the opportunity to take jobs overseas if they kind of wanted to experience the world'. Truth be known, IBM probably came to him saying your job is being outsourced....unless you're willing to go overseas. Otherwise, here's your severance check. My heart goes out to his family during this difficult time.
I hope my company say that to me
Mark, you know that is what happened and he was being paid at the Asian wage rate.
Yep, such is a price to pay to 'experience the world'.
It is a tragedy that Philip Wood died.
First, we don't know he's dead. He's presumed dead, but unless you have intel the rest of us don't have, he's not confirmed dead. Next...yes, sad that Mr Wood was aboard this plane, but your sentence implies you don't give a rip about any of the others? It is a tragedy if ANY on board have died.
No, you are right...dont give rat's #$%$ about muslims.
What if it was an alien abduction?
What if you had a working brain?
Then we'll take off your strait jacket.
I hate that tragedies make the best stories in media. I really hate it!
So now it matters because an American was on board? It's was a tragedy for everyone involved
If you've been following the story, it has always been spoken of as a tragedy. What's your hangup?
Moslems just can't let a day go by without bombing something, plotting mass murder and defiling your daughters in the name of false god baal/allah. They are the #$%$ of the earth, cause of most of the world's problems. When the traitor vvh0re katherine russell wife of boston bomber tamerlan tsarnaev and convert to the devil cult of islam was identified, she should be immediately executed. why was she left alone and not charged with aiding terrorists?
Descending catastrophically from 35,00 feet into the ocean - odds of survival - zero.
That's not true at all - over 50% of commercial airline crashes that occur into the ocean have survivors. Check your facts.
The key words "descending catastrophically" make it a true statement. Zero odds of survival.
@Brian...mo mo is not talking about ditching a plane in the water you moron. Your chances of survival from a nose dive is zilch.
They didn't descend, they were blown to pieces so small, they can't even find evidence of a crash - the only consolation here is that they went so fast, they had no time for fear or pain. RIP I would bet the extreme Muslims are behind this, just can't understand why nobody has taken 'credit' for this act of terrorism yet.
IBM? is this because there is something that will expose the Intelligence Gathering as to compare to NSA had exposed in the USA? The Balance of Power is in the Asian Countries Not in the Europe Continent Anymore. Think that IBM executive is in the plane?
I read on an East Asian site that the plane had radioed it was preparing to make a forced landing. I haven't seen that elsewhere, so I am not sure yet as to its validity.
Due to the strange and unusual disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines 777 is it possible? that the following unusual and Farfetch explaination might be truth? 1) The plane was destroy by the Chinese testing some NEW high tech weapon(possibly high energy laser or particle beam)-I mean who would suspect the Chinese to destroy a plane fill with 2/3 Chinese onboard right?
Where would this weapon be based to be able to destroy an airplane hundreds of miles south of China?
And there we go again with the ad hominem nonsense that makes Yahoo great. Explain in further detail other than giving me a woman's name, and spouting off things you saw in a movie once, Nathaniel.
@Justin- It would had to be located in space.
Who cares how many Americans were onboard. 239 died!! I noticed that main American mentioned in the story did not have the Asian name.
Asians are not as important. There are billions and billions of Asians.
I could have told you before, that there has to be even one American on board.
before what ? and are you a genius or what? I would think the odds would be there would be some Americans on almost any flight.
Amazing is how two people could board a plane with two void passports. I have a feeling I could board a plane in the area using Pokemon cards
It's gone up to four passports now.
They should have had Robert Ballard and a team out there within 24 hours of the incident.
Has anyone ever noticed that as we Americans learn about these foreign accidents we hear 200 chinese killed and we think that is "too bad" or ten thousand people from India die in a monsoon and we think that is "too bad"and then when we hear "and two Americans" then we think that it is a terrible tragedy way beyond "too bad'. Most people hate to admit that thinking but we all like to support our own teams. Just human nature.
Speak for yourself Mark. You sound like a terribly sefl-absorbed person. Most likely republican.
Mark it's too bad that your mom and dad decided to keep you.
NOT human nature.... My sorrow extends to one & all... Each of us on this planet has a connection...& when that connection is severed...any which way..... my heart breaks.......
I felt the most immediate gut-wrenching hit from the 150 (!) (jeesus!) Chinese family losses. -- from a WASP, Independent, White Nationalist, U.S. Army veteran. So, your theory does not hold water.
Wood’s ex-wife confirmed the family’s fears in a Facebook post on Saturday afternoon? What ever happen to contacting the Authorities first not Facebook, what can Facebook do for you.
Flight insurance will pick up in business.
if you want peace and quiet, you don't jump on the juvanile facebook page and post your business to the world. no she is just an ex wife looking for attention from the world. I bet she is gossiping drama queen. as far as his kids. empathy and heartfelt prayers go out to you !
The Swiss don't care, they just keep on yodeling away.
Why does a certain segment of our population automatically jump to the 'Muslim terrorist' conclusion immediately any time something tragic happens? We can safely say this plane crashed, but none of you know why. And we all know the folks who insist that Muslims(or the huge variety of ridiculous insulting variations of 'Muslim' morons on here use) did it will never appear again on this topic if it turns out to be some kind of mechanical failure(which is much more likely)
christopher,they kinda have a history of that kind of thing is why.It's a pretty short jump.
Christopher, wrong assumption on "mechanical failure." Those are extremely rare. It is remotely possible, but not at all "more likely." -- former military pilot and aviation commander
Christopher, you are too naive. Just wait to see. This is the act of these heartless "Muslin terriorists" from the Xinjian Province. 8 of them went to a train station and tried to kill EVERYONE on their way just a week ago in China. You do not hear it much here because our media (and our government) would support anyone who is against the Chinese government and want to cause harm to the Chinese, no matter how brutal the act is...Plus, the leaders of this terrist group live outside China and are being supported by countries like Turkey/ EU and US...
Because they are ignorant and heartless. They only feel the death of their own people while celebrating the death of those they consider lesser humans than them.
Dave, have more planes crashed as a result of terrorism or as a result of mechanical failure(or pilot error)?
Also, I'm not ruling out terrorism. I'm just not going to leap to a conclusion and eliminate all other possibilities like some folks with an anti-Muslim agenda do. Heck, they haven't even found the bleeping plane yet, and you guys already know what happened???
Christopher If you read Spectre comment it sounds like the PlaneBlew up in the Air I have never Heard of a plane Blowing up from mechanicial Failures there was no decend on radar Big plane even if broke in half i think it would have shown up on radar and it would reasonable assume a teroist attack By or from where No one knows yet or even said Christopher your the first person brought up Muslim agenda Didn't you Read Spectre's comment Planes don't vanish in thin air they leave a trail going down
HS, read the other comments on this very article. I'm most certainly NOT the first person to mention it.
So out of 3 Americans on board, the only ones other than Mr. Wood were little children ages 2 and 4 . . . each with different last names? Does that strike anyone else as strange or am I missing something?
Their parents live in the US but they are not yet American citizens. The kids were born in US and so they are American citizens.
Yahoo user , This article is just about the Americans who were on board the plane.Several articles have been written already and MANY more will be written about the rest of those on board that plane . You are the only one with a problem.
Wow, tough room! Sorry I asked! Sheesh!
Ron, thanks for the only answer that didn't deliver a slap in the face. I hadn't considered that possibility, but you're most likely right.
239 human beings died. Why do we hear about one wealthy American? I am sick of our fictional superiority and delusional sense of importance.
Then quit reading off websites that are American.
I hate flying.no control of anything.People are such #$%$ who fly frequently and justify that it's safer then driving. i'd rather get into a car crash then a plane crash, the chance of walking out of the car crash with all the safety devices and airbags, it's a better bet for me. If the plane crashes,theres over an 80% chance you get vaporized.Screw that.
Uh....people need to fly for work, family emergency's, holidays, deaths, etc......
@saml: Unlike driving, when you can control every automobile on the road, right?
I don't understand these 'and 1 American' stories? People are people.
Maybe they just know him and some people on the plane NOT all the passengers' info. yet.
Perhaps if the ex wife of Mr. Wood had known more who were on the plane, they'd have been mentioned here as well.
They'll probably release more information on the two children with American passports when they have it. All they know at this point is their names and ages.
Because yahoo is an American based media outlet you idiot TONK
Oh look it' mom's queef and his meaningless internet slang.
I really think the technology we should have is waterproof cameras inside the plane and taken photos and sending to the internet constant in the air in flight, so we know what's going on inside the plane at all times by the flight number of the plane, so family members can see there loved ones. In the space station there's cameras in every place we can see what's going on.
A ghoulish voyeur's dream, eh Vinnie? Take away people's last bit of privacy and dignity so that creeps like you could get your rocks off watching the plane going down. The ultimate sick "reality" show, gawking at unwilling victims in their last minutes! Go back to your video games, please.
There's already way too many cameras, too much of big brother watching.
Vinnie probably would like to see crib cams on the internet, so he can monitor other peoples children 24/7.
Stolen passports or not I still think the crash was probably caused by something simple and mechanical in nature, like the pilot tube or a wire malfunction.
So him being an American and a father, is that supposed to be more tragic?
How do you read that message in the article, you frucking moron?
No, it doesn't make it more tragic. A lost life is a lost life. But this is someone that perhaps puts a face on the tragedy, so it's understandable that it's reported.
@Janetcvnt, Read the title you moron. American father, are the first 2 lines. And FYI, he was living in Asia and his "child" was back in the state. But like his idiot mother said, he is with god now and I will see him soon. What's more tragic than this diaster? It is people who prayer for the dead. They are dead. Period. Do you think god is waiting to get a certain amount of prayers before he allows someone into heaven? That breaks my heart that people are that brain washed.
IBM should keep their plants and employees in the US.
That guy is in sales. Most of IBM is already in India
IBM also works on Global Technology for Companies all over the world. Not just the US
What about the other 236 passengers ??? Why does the news always talk about American passengers? Aren't the other lives lost important?
Why didn't your mother abort you
Very sad. RIP Phil. Phil was a good family man,, a working man. Hopefully the family can find peace, including the exwife. Phil had his faults, but he was always there with a smile. He was a joker at IBM. I never forget that time, in Denver, where after a meeting, he wore diapers and chat himself. That was funny. Or the time we found him having extramarital affairs with a blowup doll. Phil you will be missed.
Hey.. the guy's dead, have some respect.
I think Frank is having sex with his right hand.
@Connor..jokes on you..I am left handed!
Its sad an American was killed, but what was he doing there?
He lived there... tool bag Who are you to ask why? Either cry with the rest of the libturds... or $TFU
Quoting from the article: "Wood, who sold technical storage solutions, went to Beijing when “IBM was offering people the opportunity to take jobs overseas if they kind of wanted to experience the world.”
It's sad that everyone on board perished. Not just the American.
SPLASH! Muslim Terrorist act. Film at 1100.
“IBM was offering people the opportunity to take jobs overseas if they kind of wanted to experience the world.” - more like the only choice was to be laid off or move abroad.
You know the drill. He was also being paid at the local wage rate.....Because he was only 50 he also did not have a defined benefit pension plan. They took that from him back in 1999 because he was not 40 at the time with 10 years of vested service.
My heart goes out to the passengers' loved ones.
Robert nothing is confirmed yet so stop peeing on the President Obama for everything.
Is there any possibility the pilot did the jihad thing?
C.73 is pretty pathetic for trying to be "humorous" about this even if it actually HAD a chance of being true.
Well. To be honest, I'm trying to figure out what had happened to the plane. There's no distress call or any clues at all. If there any chances IF .. i didn't say HE IS. well as I know people can changed especially about faith. Bye..
c-73. see all the thumbs down?? that means you're stupid
I'm very shocked. I don't normally read past the story (comments). I can't believe how many ignorant, racist, insensitive, lonely (obviously), pathetic ppl are here making so many ignorant, insensitive, racists comments! I can't believe yahoo doesn't monitor comments before posting. I sincerely hope the loved ones of the ppl on this plane are not reading them. I'm disgusted!
Surely hope it wasn't a terrorist attack. Terrorists who believe in the Koran, yet killed so indiscriminately. Makes staying home and reading a book a much better option than traveling.
Let's just hope that the 2 Americans that died doesn't start another WAR if it was a terrorist related incident. May everyone who died aboard this tragic crash RIP.
Sherri, it's not stupid. It's how the USA Govt reacts over #$%$ like this.
Have they completely ruled out the possibility the plane was shot down by one of Obama's drones?
"Have they completely ruled out the possibility the plane was shot down by one of Obama's drones?" Yes. During the time in question all the drones were tracking you. You're pretty sneaky.
What does everyone think the last thinsg to go through the minds of the passengers before they died a violent death were? Do you think it was memories of their loved ones? Do you think it was dreams of growing old and wealthy? I can tell you that no, the last things to go through the minds of the passengers were not memories or dreams. The last things to go through the minds of the passengers before they died was metal, glass shards, flames, and water. hahahaha
Cowards and fools typically make a joke of the sad demise of others. Which (or both) fit, Jack?
oh come on Greg, lighten up. It is funny. Imagine the ice cold ocean in the middle of the knight with a bunch of shark food (limbs) floating around. Noone of importance died. Most of them were just dirty yellow bellies. Lighten up. The joke was funny. Have you watched some of the family members give news interviews. Some of them tear up instantly. It is really funny to watch. I made myself some popcorn and have been sitting here watching family members break down on live TV. Now, they are cowards. They cant even hold it together and spit a sentence out. LMAO it sure is funny though
really?? people like you make the world ugly.
Thanks Andrew. I agree with you that people like Greg make the world a dull and ugly place
What hole in the ground did you crawl out of?
Why his friends are sending messages of condolences so early?
Because receiving that news you have to respond in some manner vs just ignoring it until its confirmed wouldn't be very good either. Its a difficult situation to say the least.
Because it's not too likely to survive when a plane blows up while flying at 40,000 feet above the ocean?
Maybe because of Daylight Savings tonight
They should wait with patience. Or at least that is what I would do. Rather than sending condolences now. That is lack of respect and very disgusting.
The news jump to conclusion. The plane is still listed as missing not crash.
(Was) a wonderful man? Does she know something , the rest of us don't ?
Obama will be pickled on this one. Guess homosexuals and boy scouts will have to wait
They took a quick vote either watch CNN or go head first in to the water. I guess its Anderson Coopers fault.
I wood say that an investigation will reveal the true circumstances in this case.
Kinda makes you wonder if they were developing something that someone didn't want shared with China.
your hat needs more tin foil
Out of all those passengers, somebody recorded what happened on their now salty cell phone.
What is Obama doing to get answers about this? It has all the hallmarks of a terrorist attack. Has he learned nothing from Benghazi? He should be calling it what it is, finding out who did it, and taking immediate action against whoever is responsible.
Now it once, it protects Ukrainian terrorists from the right sector
you think Obama its a god or #$%$ is wrong with you? Someone slap Praise in the face.
Obama is hiding out right now. He took such a licking from Putin this week, he took off for parts unknown for awhile. Some say he's in the Florida Keys.
If we are going to speculate, let's speculate to the positive. here's mine... The plane was hijacked by pirates, dove under the radar and landed in Somalia and waiting for ransom. Let's hear yours?
Maybe it went down ,or maybe a terrorist needed a plane with a private landing strip!
239 people just died, and there is a story about just 1 American, as if its more tragic than the rest. Sometimes I really hate being American, its really embarrassing. prayers to ALL the families involved.
Did you miss the 87 other stories about the crash and search efforts?
Islam is truly a beautiful, holy religion. Just ignore the fact they cut off heads, love the N/\zi's, blow up women and children, follow a murderous hate-filled Koran, are brainwashed and blood-stained barbarians, have an illiterate, perverted, psychopathic, rapist, pedophile prophet who had sex with a 9 year old girl, boys and a dead woman, and a procurer god who rewards killers with virgins. Except for these minor points, Islam is marvelous. /\/\uzzies are rabid anti-semites because the Jews have shown that these cowards can be easily beaten over and over again, a message they do not want the world to get as they pursue their hopeless dream of establishing a caliphate across the world. Islam is a virulent disease spreading across the globe and threatening the world with dark ages of hatred and death. Mohammed is clearly the anti-Christ and Muslims the minions of satan. It is necessary for all Christians, Hindus and Jews to accept that we are in the middle of WWIII, and start acting accordingly. Every Muslim must be thrown out of Europe and the US as their culture and values are incompatible with ours. Every madrassah and mosque and Koran must be destroyed.
Actually it is US that love the Nazi. US harboured more Nazi than another countries after WW2. NSA is definitely a product of Nazi.
I really do hope you're just a troll.
It sure doesn't help when there is talk our president might be Muslim. The Dali Lama was entertained at the White House recently but the World Day of Prayer is cancelled. If you go to Orlando, Fla, the Muslims own most all souvenir shops hotels, restaurants, etc. I'm sure it is getting to be that way everywhere. But don't blame the Muslims for all of the pedophiles. There is the Jehovah's Witnesses and Catholics everywhere also.
Ray Finkle, hopefully the world will wake up, finally, to the evil of the followers of the pedophile Mohammed. Ban Islam or we who treasure the freedoms granted to us by our laws and constitution will suffer the dreadful consequences of a worldwide caliphate and dhimmitude. By the way, Shirley, not only is Obama a Muslim, but his very middle name HUSSEIN signifies it, and his half brother Malik, in Kenya is official Muslim Brotherhood. His 501-c-4 established to fundraise for his brother Barack was signed off and backdated personally by the rotten traitorous Lois Lerner!! Perhaps now you understand part of the reason why she pled the 5th? There are also 6 members of the M.B. IN the Obama administration!
The only people who have "Ignited" hate towards Muslims.................. Are the Muslims.
Isn't this kinda what they did to the Jews in the Holocaust? Everyone thought they were evil and blamed them for everything, and that's how the bad guys got away with trying to kill them all? Well Ray, I think you need to learn from history, else it might end up repeating itself.
You don't have to look at history. All you have to do is open a news paper to see how rabid these /\/\uzzies are.
2 pilots, both with middle eastern names??? They both got the call from there terrorist superior that its time. So they crash the plane in some deep part of the ocean so no chance of survivors and no black box recovery, no praises to Allah heard on the voice recorders. Just a thought.
Wrong thought - only because the plane experienced a catastrophic event (bomb) at 35 angels - it did not nose-dive into the ocean.
With all the difficulty Obama has been having lately (Putin embarrassing him in Ukraine, Obamacare fiasco and the misspelling of 'respect') there is little doubt that he downed the airliner in order to divert media attention from his recent failures. No black people were on that plane - not one. This is very clearly of Obama's doing.
Wait Obama likes black people? I thought he loved Arabs?
When I saw the headline to this story the first thing I thought was it had to be some type of bank executive, with the recent deaths of them lately. I was close. Every time one of the false flags happen there is always one person of substantial clout that gets assassinated. I'm sure his death will get no coverage by the lamestream. Nothing to see here folks. Obey and consume
Flying is inherently dangerous. You can always die, on any given flight. Despite what all the advertising hype tells you. Look at what happened to the people on the largest loss of life EVER on that Japan Airlines flight, all because there was a short-cut taken in the maintenance repair of a metal compartment, which worked for over 10,000 flight hours. Look at the LAUDA AIR flight that crashed on take-off out of Bangkok. -- former military pilot
That's stupid, you can die doing just about anything in life. Some things pose more risk than others and flying isn't one of them.
Getting out of bed is dangerous. But relatively speaking, flying is less dangerous than other forms of travel.
You keep believing that and will keep putting yourself and your loved ones at risk. Have you ever flown in a mountain wave, moderate-to-heavy turbulence, or nearby to a thunderstorm? I have. How many pilots do you think died in the years from the Wright Brothers to the year when there were so many deaths that the U.S. Army had to take over airmail? How many highly qualified and talented military pilots die "in training" at flight schools and U.S. bases every year?
Dave this is a commercial flight not an f16 or 1940 bi wing airplane and it is safer BTW I flew freight in the midwest at night for years in small airplanes and I'm still alive. I also own a small 4 seat airplane and actually flew today and guess what?? I'm still alive!!
Sorry Dave you're no pilot, you're a moron. Aviation has come a long way since the Wright Brothers, with safety just in the last decade remarkably safer than in the past. Do you have any clue how many commercial flights take to the skies around the world every day? How often do they crash? Now go play pilot dressups elsewhere with your Ken doll.
All this same blather and bravado was in that dead National Guard Instructor Pilot when I flew over his body up in the mountains north of San Bernardino, California (Big Bear) with the investigation team. He knew everything too.
David, 95% of aircraft accident are non fatal. Check out the monthly ntsb reports to see for yourself.
Reeks of another Obama cover-up of his terrorist Muslim Brother's from other Mothers ... His numbers are so low that another terrorist attack (like Bengazzi was) by his Muslim brother's would flush his presidencty down the toilet.
You realize that Tea Party hero Grover Norquist is the backer of the Muslim Brotherhood. Google "Norquist Muslim Brotherhood"
you realize that BO is a rag head, right Ronnie?
You realize that you're both sheep right?
Don't you realize that ALL U.S. presidents get their marching orders from one group that controls the nations? Wake up!
Good to hear an expert telling the obvious facts that the government and State run media won't. Confirmation on what most suspected just shows us what the government thinks of us little people. Remember everyone, Al Qaeda is on the run and Bin Laden is dead. AHAhahahahahahahahahahaha
I agree. Def a terrorists act. Not a peep out of anyone. I wonder why.
Based on what I can tell from my computer and my daily viewing of CSI, I think it's clear that it was terrorism. No Doubt (rolling eyes)
Another election year Yahooladi. @Ron, WMD's went to Syria long time before we got there. Proof is in the puddin.
Wow that's one cold X wife ... trying to get Facebook Likes via her X husbands terrible demise.
Lol, look who is named "Kenny Pwers" LOL !!!!
Oh look it Scary Sherri coming to wimpy Kenny's rescue //// and, you are still a ugly ho, Sherri !
Thank God we now know an American was on board, otherwise I wouldn't have cared about this story.
So sad, you should care about them all.
That was my point. Too bad "journalists" don't seem to agree.
So, the other two Americans are not worthy of having some more details about them in this article because they have Asian ancestry?
@ John and Sunny - Has it occurred to either of the two of you that maybe the 2-year-old and 4-year-old travelers might not have had a chance to do lot of interesting things in their lives yet that would merit discussion in article? Or is everything about race with the two of you?
@Andy ... has it occurred to you that I was being sarcastic?
By Monday, Western media propaganda will report that NK or Russia shot down the plane...
it's nowhere #$%$ near Korean Peninsular or Russia. Don't any Americans own world wall-maps these days...
Right, because the area of Vietnam where the airliner is missing is closer to Mexico... So I guess NK (2500 miles) Russia (3500 miles) is nowhere near Vietnam... It must have been those Canadians who are 10,000 miles away...
I have fun with proselytizers who ring my doorbell or knock. I once had a sign saying no sales or religion. I play with their tiny brains now. Tell 'em god, well she told me this. I get confused looks and they say "No, god is" and I say "God is a she, I know her fairly well." What I won't tolerate is them dragging their kids around, using them, warping their minds. See what Richard Dawkins has to say about religion and kids, generally. Child abuse.
God is a she, that is why Kenya has fat baby face cheeks.
Scott I truly have pity for you. They do this because they really care about you and God told all who claim to be Christians to tell others about his Kingdom and that he will not for all time put up with conditions like they are now. He wants non to die but all to repent and get everlasting life, but your choice. These precious children are not being abused, and know more about the Bible at their young age than you do. One day you will really wish you had listened.
Have y'all seen any burning bushes lately? Did you hear a voice from some... one or thing then? How long's it been since you killed your neighbor for planting in the wrong season? Or working on the "Sabbath"? Have you sent your kids to babble thumpin and snake jugglin churches and "schools"? If you lived over there, you'd be devout Muslims. If over there, devout Hindu. If your parents etc like so, you'd be Jewish. And on and on. You're being held captive. You're the ones being left behind. Not in some future thing you ?hope for, but now. By science, by facts, by the freedom to question, and find wonder in the natural world, and realize kinships.
"you might go to church, and sit down in a pew, those humans who ain't human, they're sittin right next to you,..." -- John Prine, "Some humans ain't human"
"they talk about your family, they talk about your clothes, when they don't know their #$%$ from their own elbows. Some humans ain't human, some people ain't kind..." -- JP, same
Hey ".", you say *I'm* the one full of bile and hate? Are you kidding me? Never mind your oh so superior comment, look at what the scary preachers thunder from their pulpit thrones. See Dawkins with little kids brought to the revival meeting, eyes closed, hands raise, crying their eyes out cuz the don't want to but in a fire forever and if that loud man and mommy an daddy say I have to speak in tongues then I'll try, I promise preacher daddy and god in heaven, please don't torture me after I die, I'll be a good girl. That's child abuse, and mental illness, and power and sadism. Upon children.
"What you got is freedom of choice What you want is freedom from choice" --M. Mothersbaugh I hear some people in North Korea have no problem with their government. In fact, they love their leader. And fear him. Both. Sounds familiar. Elsewhere. Think about it if you can.
I would like to know the exact location of every Israeli at the time of the incident.
If Phil was such a wonderful man, who did you divorce him?
Obama is sending a war ship over there right now to help with the search and rescue of 236 foreigners. But he couldn't send a single person to Benghazi to help our Ambassador and 3 Navy Seals who were brutally murdered.
why didnt the warmongers chicken hawks go????
Ray....that's because Ovomit likes foreigners over Americans.
What about the thousands who were murdered during the "fake" Iraq war (when we invaded)?
Media just can't restrain themselves when it comes to things like this. Peeing their pants in anticipation, buncha vultures.
All those people probably died and you tards are on here #$%$ about the reporting. Maybe the other countries are reporting on their citizens?
There are sites that are reporting on our citizens, and I'm guessing there are other countries that are reporting the same thing as this country, as well as the citizens on that plane, so quit complaining about the Americans who are doing what a few others are also doing in other countries.
This was not terrorism. First, Malaysian Airline or this route would not have been chosen for an act of terrorism. Second. Someone would have already taken responsibility. No way this was terrorism. Probably a rare, catastrophic incident. Although rare, it happens. Remember Air France a few years ago from RIO to Paris? Broke apart 4 hours into the flight.
But what about the two stolen passports?
Remember the Egyptian Airlines crash where it is believed that the co-pilot took over and deliberately crashed the plane into the ocean? What route was that? Did anyone take responsibility?
Slaydew, you are mostly right. The only way terrorists would have brought down a Malaysian Airline or another airline on this route would be if they believed some high ranking American, British or Israeli citizen were onboard (i.e. CIA, FBI, Mossad, MI-5, or MI-6). I won't rule out the possibility that the target was someone from Malaysia or China, but I highly doubt this was the case. This crash was one of those horrible disasters like the Air France flight you mentioned.
Hope there is a video of the people boarding the plane.
Never mind the other 238 dead, there was an American on that plane! Oh, now it means something, sick!
No one is ignoring the other people. In time we will learn who they were. It would be presumptuous for the USA to announce who they were before their own countries.
I have a strong belief that it did not crash,that something fishy is happening but God is taking care of his people. The affected families should unite in prayer for miracles to happen
You must have escaped from WAKO, before the fire.
Yeah everyone is saying what they are saying. But if Catherine was hot, with big ta taas you would be agreeing with her.
If you cant say something good dont say anything. you who responded to Catherine are negative. whether you believe God exists or not you have no right to bully someones belief.
A Lot of you would be all up in arms if we lost our freedom of speech yet you barf your lewd, crude and hateful comments on someone who is expressing an opinion... slither back under your rocks.
Probably from Google selling American secrets to our enemies.
Hope that Elaine was still a beneficiary.
God will take the blame, but will you also give him credit. Would not say every atheist responds one way, you need to talk to a few more Christians. Shallow view point, but valid for manny Christians, you are a religious biggit projecting your own view into others beliefs.
Yet we know that a person is not justified by works of the law but through faith in Jesus Christ, so we also have believed in Christ Jesus, in order to be justified by faith in Christ and not by works of the law, because by works of the law no one will be justified.
for anyone who does not abide in the Lord he is thrown away like a branch and withers; and the branches are gathered, thrown into the fire, and burned.
Now the works of the flesh are evident: sexual immorality, impurity, sensuality, idolatry, sorcery, enmity, strife, jealousy, fits of anger, rivalries, dissensions, divisions, envy, drunkenness, orgies, and things like these. I warn you, as I warned you before, that those who do such things will not inherit the kingdom of God.
True but Not an appropriate place for that at all......Totally not right ,in poor taste very rude to say the least.
Judge not, that you be not judged. For with the judgment you pronounce you will be judged, and with the measure you use it will be measured to you.
MB, did Jesus judge the Jewish money-changers in the temple?
Obama just tweeted a shout out to the terrorists.
This is so sad . . . such a terrible tragedy!!! I hope we don't find out this was some sort of terrorism as there was a #$%$ co pilot and a few #$%$s with fishy ids on this plane. . you just can not trust those towel heas!!
Why is it terrible? It was a bunch of Chinamen and one weirdo white guy that was there to get a chinawoman wife because he was too weird to get a white woman.
Abe. . chinese women are hot. . they have tight naners like a wet vice and they love the Big American Sausage. The death of even one hot china woman and her slanty pooooozey is a tragedy!!
Obama is sending a war ship over there right now to help with the search and rescue of 236 foreigners. But he couldn't send a single person to Benghazi to help our Ambassador and 3 Navy Seals who were brutally murdered.
there is kind of some difference in time-line and reaction-time..
More evidence that you can work hard all your life only to have it all blown away by some jackass.
Was any UFO's reported in the area at the time the plane disappeared? Just a possibility!
Vietnam has tons of caves with strange occurrences that they can't explain. Wouldn't doubt that.
It's so funny when you get liberals complaining about so many republican posts.....and even funnier when they get a zillion thumbs down for sayin it. I'm thinkin there are a lot of people out there that are simply sick & tired of the mess liberals have made. And i'm neither repub or dem!
Hmmmm, I wonder if it turns out that Muslim terrorists blew the plane up if President Hussien will claim if he had a son it would look like the Muslim terrorists. LOL ..... I just can't stand Hussien Obama .. really I can't.
I'm sure you can't. Just like I'm sure only people with your mentality can stand you!
All these idiotic expert pilots always justifying what went wrong with a plane that crashed.But what happened with this malaysian plane, are thesepilots going to finally admit that at 35K feet, a plane can obliterate in high flight because of a structure problem those inspectors at the airport,who are on medications and probably smoke weed, overlooked??? ANd I'm supposed to trust the airplanes safety at altitudes we don't belong at to begin with???
Now let's wait for a miracle from God. After all, God performed so many miracles ONLY in the past, ONLY from the Bible. Now show us a modern day miracle. A sole survivor is not a miracle. A few surviors is not a miracle. The whole plane of passengers and crew safe and sound, that's a miracle! We are waiting.
Kind of insulting anyone cares who just one person is here. All 239 people here is a major tragedy.
And every one of them has a family, a town, and a country who naturally mourn them at a more personal level than they mourn those from other families, towns and countries. Nothing insulting about that.
Boy, they sure dug deep for this one. Really? Interviewing the ex-wife? How tacky.
They announced the FBI is already is in Malaysia to coordinate the investigation. How long did it take them to get to Benghazi? Have we gotten retribution? Do we even know who it was? Didn't Obama and Clinton promise we would get them?
Would that be like the Vietnam war the Democrats drug us into?
Too bad you mental midgets know nothing about history or even find it of importance. You want to assign blame for Iraq even though Democrats in the Senate and House, almost overwhelmingly voted for the action. And before you put your foot too deeply in your mouth, they had access to the same information the president and vice president did. When Nancy Pelosi tried to deny that, the CIA produced the security log she had signed on the days of the briefings. She hasn't mentioned it since. Cancel your life your are too stupid to exist on this planet.
Damn, now I actually care about this incident.
I speak for everyone when I tell you to #$%$!
That's not very American of you.
I think you mean very Obamamerican.
If he voted for Obama, then good riddance. If not, then Rest in Peace to a fellow human being...
You are one sick s.o.b. to make such a comment over such a tragedy.
This is another Obama, Democrat, Liberal plot to terrorize the world into accepting the United States as the supreme power of the world. An elite suicide bomber squad took out the plane. Obama just can't let us mind our own business.
I can just imagine how people's fingers itched to click on the reply button to type a retort. For those who took this literally (in other words, 90% of you), the first comment was sarcasm.
Don't know how high in the air this plane was, but remember there were surface to air missiles stolen when Benghazi happened.
There thousands of them out there.
It's all about benghazi all the time with you teabagging extremists. Please go away.
Bengazi is a footnote in the history of America, but is the greatest thing to the TEA Party ever since the invention of the assault rifle and the #$%$.
What type of Surface-to-Air missiles? Shoulder-fired, or larger? Makes a huge difference, since if it was a Stinger that was stolen, the plane would have had to been below 15000 feet for it to even have a chance to hit. In fact, very few, if any, shoulder-fired SAMs can take down an airliner at cruising altitude.
The plane was too high... 35 angels (35,000 feet)
Possible it was a larger system...but you can't simply "steal" a one-ton missile - not to mention the launcher - and place it somewhere to shoot down a plane where nobody will notice.
Can you care about other people and not just Americans? Everyone should be entitled to being identified and given the same amount of consideration
This is America, that's why. I'm sure in the other passenger's home countries they are being spoken of first as well.
Hey genius, once all families have been notified, they put out a list of names. Believe it or not, their right to be told privately supercede's your right to read it on the internet
I usually cheer when a US soldier is killed in the Middle East
Not everyone. There are plenty of criminals and enemies who would gladly burn YOU and all your loved ones alive right now, tonight. I feel for my fellow countrymen, for ALLIES, and for peaceful working people all over the world.
Their all gone by now, eaten by ocean inhabitants.
Absolutely accurate and you know it.
The pilot and co-pilot were flying some stewardesses, instead of the plane.
so sorry an American died in this, but you know what they say, those who lay with dogs get fleas.
They also say You're a JACK-A$#...... and a #$%$
I don't know what happened. But I know for sure the Republican Putin heads don't know and that won't stop them from blaming the President. They are all short white guys who hate black people that have more power then they do. If Putin was in America he would be an Un American flag wavering Republican..Watch the comments, It will prove the point.
O here we go again another HOAX can't find an airplane, What security in the world what, Russia, What U.S.A. Where all LOST.
Terrorists brought down missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, three Americans were on board, Obama's off cheating at golf, not one word from this community agitating piece of garbage, because they can't vote anymore.
What the #$%$ does Obama have to do with this story? And where in this article did it say that terrorists were involved? You're a real POS.
@Just Go Away Your girl is off playing golf, three Americans were on board that plane, even if they weren't a real man, president would make a condolence statement, offer any assistance needed. You, Obama, Clinton are the 'real' POS, and you know it, stinky.
@DeeDee Like the suffering your girl Obama has put real America through, the past 51/2 years? Look in the mirror, there's your problem.
I suppose the other two Americans, the little children, only needed a terse passing sentence to only indicate they were American passport holders. Nothing else. Quite a netural, non-bigot way of pursuing journalism.
There isn't much of a life story to report on infants.
Current Score: Comments 120 Comments by Idiots: 87
Sorry I forgot to add you to the idiot list Fred.
Asians seem to be crashing a lot of passenger airlines lately.
Only one American? Was it a liberal?
WhooooH lib I got a nerve!
Three Americans on board - one is accounted for the other two are infants. This would indicate they were born in the US. China has been sending women to the US to have kids and gain US citizenship.
An American died? Now we can care!
Only r3-tard3d making such a joke in this situation.
C'mon, I never saw any article detailing a non-americans death, certainly no broadcasted headline.
Now it's just a tragedy, it's "God working in mysterious ways". But wait when they find a survivor (I hope all would survive!), the religious nuts would jump up and down and hail it's "God's miracle". You can never win.
whats wrong with that? how that affect you an anyway. if someone chooses to believe in a high power then let them feel that way. i just wish you would of left that worthless post off here and just paid your respects to the families of these unfortunate souls.
You really need to stop assuming that everyone who believes in God is a "religious nut". YOU, Joy, will NEVER win when you question God.
40 US citizens are killed by US Citizens with guns every day (some of them by their own, cleaning them).
How many citizens use guns to prevent themselves from being robbed or beaten or raped or killed everyday?
She dumped this guy years ago. Now looking to cash in on his Life insurance policies you can bet!!
How do YOU know that SHE dumped HIM ????? People get divorced for many reasons ....... Go back and read the article .... SHE speaks highly of her ex-husband AND they have children together that need support ..... YOU are in NO position to speculate what SHE thinks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He is dead you moron! People Always speak well of the dead! Gheezz mature up will you! Join the real world not that fantasy "we all get along and everything is love" smokin your crack pipe world!!
When will the West grow a pair? We should blow Mecca off the face of the earth. Draw out the Muslim #$%$ and kill them all. Stop thinking they will somehow come to their sense's, they won't. They come right out and state their aims, to kill us all, and yet we let them do it a few at a time because we have no guts. Start killing Muslims and don't stop until they are all gone from the face of the planet. Do to them what they say they want to do to us. It's that simple and it's all that will stop these animals.
Three Americans on board - one is accounted for the other two are infants. This would indicate they were born in the US. China has been sending women to the US to have kids and gain US citizenship.
Still going to make O a one term president I see. Hows that working for you?
So what? Dozens of Americans are killed in robberies every day and this guy is somehow special?
Funny how libtard media refuses to use the word terrorism when talking about this event. Had it been something involving the Tea Party, you wouldn't be able to find a lame stream media story WITHOUT it being mentioned. Libtard media running interference for Obama once again.
Funny how you're a complete moron. You do realize this has nothing to do with the US or Obama. Oh, that's right. You an ignorant uneducated low information teatard. Go look up Malaysia on a map dipsheet. Oh, wait--can you read? Nevermind...
Maybe you should just keep watching republitard Fox News, and stop worrying about the rest of the world that's moving forward without you.
@0webama F0ck off, you son of a betch. Don't bring politics into this. You
What the hell are you talking about? There is nothing so far to say this is terrorism and why are you bringing politics into this sad incident. You are troll #$%$. Go back to your trailer and look for immigrants to blame for your pitiful status in life.
Look at how far this coke sucker from the far-right would go to advance their hateful agenda...using a tragedy where 200+ people lost their lives to score political points. Incredible!
They might still be alive. You never know. Pres Obama sent help right away and if they are alive we will know. Ready for Hillary too.
"Although we were no longer married, he is still family." - Technically not true, also if he was such a wonderful man, why are they divorced ?
Oh, pleeeze! It takes more than a piece of paper saying you're divorced, to erase the bond that exists when there are children involved. He will always be the father of her kids and thus "family", technically or not.
Sometimes people can care about each other without romance being a part of it. Sometimes they are better friends. Also when you have kids, you are always family. You can be a dysfunctional family or a family, or a working family.
Great vote, total..... lol sound familiar?
Oh, than who IS John Galt? : )
Whatever else comes of it, there's a helluva lot of fish food down there, now that the cabin is busted open.
Your a real grade A As---le
I guess your name says it all. You must be very unhappy.
Are you hitting on me, Barbara?
So let's just brush aside the other people who are dead, probably many who had loved ones, families, were important in their own right just to focus on the Americans that died because they are somehow more important? I hate the media so much.
This is an American website. With news for the people who live in this country. Perhaps other countries re not yet ready to realease the names of their citizens.
Yahweh made us all according to His image and likeness? So why is it that the United States think Americans are above all else? Yahweh put us here to help each other but it is the total opposite. Yahweh have mercy on the world (people) in Yeshua's name who is Jesus Christ, amen. Turn to Yeshua if you want to be saved.
How many alias' are you going to use for God?
Why are the two children age 4 and 2 be the only other two Americans on boar? Where are the parents?
There was an article awhile back about the number Chinese mothers coming to the US to give birth - primarily in west coast hospitals - so that their children would have dual citizenship. That might be the case here. Kind of sounds like it.
it's most likely that they are children born in the USA to parents who are not US citizens.
...brionna...a better question is.....why do illiterates like YOU post on these forums?...edit before you post please.....
@Justthefacts: Think before you call people illiterates, please. She only made a typo. Chill out.
...donna....my sentiments exactly....EDIT before you post....that way....you don't look so much like an idiot.....so YOU chill out.....
This is an Israeli false flag op and now they will try to put the blame on Iran. But as always Iran will outsmart them.
The reason white middle aged men from America move to East Asia is because they are pedophiles and love little boys. No other reason.
Let's see How many souls on board? We only focus on one American.
This is Yahoo.US. If you want to read about the chinese, you need to go to Yahoo. cn.
What up? This IS the U.S. Go to another website.I'm sure the Indian website is talking about the Indians.
People, there are multiple stories being told from many different angles simultaneously, just go back to the main page and look.
The American media focused on the one of three American souls on board. Just like, once they identify him, the Russian media will focus on their sole passenger. And once identified, the Canadian media will focus on the two Canadians on board. Why does whatever country you are from have a media focus on THEIR issues?
Did you watch the Olympics on NBC? Did you compare their focus with that of foreign broadcasts? It's like watching the NBC news versus the BBC news or the NHK news. They are all reporting on the same world. They have to play to their audience to get their attention.
Have you clowns ever left the trailer park?
If you can't go after the point, go after the people making the point. To you, it makes sense; to the rest of the world, it is a logical fallacy called ad hominem. Did you go to Yahoo Canada and scour EVERY article they had about this flight? Or a major online news site in Russia, Ukraine, France, Indonesia, India, the Netherlands, New Zealand, and Taiwan? Or are you generalizing because you came upon the ONE AMERICAN ARTICLE that brings this tragedy closer to home than if the American media somehow brought up a story about, say the Malaysian pilot.
NOC, Have you left that hole on the ground in China?
Trying to make light of a bad situation....but if you look at the map it does look similar
Likely two possibilities here. 1) The more probably possibility, explosive decompression due to something in the cargo that went awry. 2) Not as likely? Terrorism. But still plausible given that 2 passengers aboard the flight were found to have gotten on board using stolen passports. If terrorism, perhaps the plan didn't go as planned, premature detonation, who knows? Why rule out the airplane itself? Because other than the pilot error plagued crash recently, the 777 has a stellar history mechanically. Why rule out pilot error? Because during cruising flight, the pilot basically just monitors the instruments and 99.9999% of the time nothing ever goes wrong, in that tiny percentage of pilot error caused crashes, it's landings and takeoffs. Given that the area the plane is thought to have gone down in, is 300 feet or shallower in most places, you can expect they will find at least remnants of the plane and the black boxes shortly, they may even be able to put a surprising amount of the plane back together, depends on the coordinated efforts of US, Vietnam, and perhaps even China. If the plane did decompress violently without warning, the black boxes aren't going to show much beyond a sharp change in instrumentation for just a split second and maybe not even a comment from the pilots.
Looks like some people from Airbus are voting on comments these days LOL
"the black boxes aren't going to show much beyond a sharp change in instrumentation for just a split second and maybe not even a comment from the pilots. " that sharp change is enough for forensics
I would say terrorist is behind this mess.
I agreed with Kevin, the fact that there was no communication from the pilots makes me think of a sudden explosion, in that case they suffered the least because is just but a second. I feel very sorry for the lost of life and pray that families and friends find solace and know they have millions of people praying for them.
I lean towards terrorists...it's hard to imagine 2 people with stolen passports...one stolen in 2012 and one in 2013 ending up on the same plane that just happens to have something go wrong during flight.
@obama hacks on patrol..Depends on how many people board planes with stolen passports daily
If it was terrorists (most Americans knee jerk reaction) wouldn't some terror group have taken credit for the attack by now?
or the north koreans or chinese shot it down
@Deja Vu All Over Again: Why on earth would the Chinese shoot down a passenger jet that contained their own citizens? That simply does NOT make any sense! I doubt that terrorists could overwhelm a pilot and crew in the space of just a few seconds, at least, not quickly enough that the pilot couldn't push a button to send out a distress signal. Either the plane experienced decompression suddenly and irrevocably (which I still think the pilot would've had time to send out a distress call?), or the plane exploded. I'd much rather hear that the plane was hijacked by terrorists and crash landed in a remote location, but I know that's rather far-fetched, as the terrorist group responsible would be openly bragging about the hijacking by now. I'm hoping for the best, but it's not looking very positive at this point. My thoughts and prayers go out to those aboard that flight as well as their families.
Dia ,they probably would be bragging unless they're not finished yet, if indeed this is the case. This is a scary thought. This crash has everyone scratching their heads. I was floored when I read in another article that the airport did not catch that 2 of the passports were stolen because they don't screen them. They have video images of the ones who used them to board but it's a little late now! Think of what the average person has to go through before boarding a plane since 911. If they aren't screening the passports, what is the point of all of the other security checks. Had that been done, it would have immediately pulled up in the Interpol database that they were stolen and they would have never been able to board the plane. They would have likely been arrested on the spot. Unbelievable!! I hope for the families sake that they get some answers soon.
LOL 19 thumbs up, 3 thumbs down, about 2 hours ago. 18 thumbs down since then? haha
I'm loving the sound of Pres Hillary Clinton more and more. Although pres. Obama sounds good now.
What does this have to do with this article?
Note to self: use duct tape when repairing wingtips, not cellophane.
Joshu...Your medication must be wearing off. and what a douche of a name...
Got it from the Douche himself "Kim"
Yeah ok...post your fears about an Ex on the worldwide web, then weep crocodile tears begging for privacy. Clever breeder divorcee gets her 15 minutes of shame, while hubby's bloated body gets hooked by a fisherman from Ho Chi Min.
I've grown tired of this story. Please stop reporting on it.
Please STOP reading about it ......... The rest of us "Want to Know" !!!!!!!!!
bippap. this was reported yesterday. this "update" is 6 hours old, and says nothing new. idiot.
really! stop reading them then you dumb #$%$
Tea Party people are blaming the pilot already without knowledge.
You are probably one of those idiots calling the Tea Party racist. Like the same Tea Party that got a Black Senator elected in South Carolina.
You are very upset that the President is a total failure. The most hated President in history. We understand.
America as always concentrating the story on a one white guy that died of 239. There were 2 more American citizens and they were not white and so America doesn't care.
Steven.. Do you own Yahoo. If not 'We' means you are full of #$%$..
One less Republican to pay the taxes that keep Democrats living in the style in which they have become accustomed.
indeed, and now the investigation must focus on Mr.Woods wife as she is a suspect due to an affair she was having and a large life insurance policy...
Odd as it may seem, that has happened in the USA. If you Google and Wiki that plane crash in the 1950's -- was it Colorado? -- it turned out that the sicko had taken down the plane, and murdered all the extra passengers, purely for the life insurance.
Why is being an IBM executive something that is so important that it needs to be reported. IBM is a schitty company to work for. Its executives are nothing special.
and you are such the working class hero...lol
American must be one of those schitty IBM execs I am referring to
and you are one of the low lifes that populate the planet.. : )
There were only three people aboard with American passports. Mr. Wood is the only one they know anything about, at this point, except their names. When they get more information about the other two, both children, they'll probably publish it.
Touche. Nailed the Big Blue aysshole.
you do understand the concept of complete sentences?
I hope there are survivors. It may be grim now, but there have been wild survival stories.. I remember hearing in the news of a man who was the sole survivor of a sunk ship by finding an air bubble, and survived for several days and was rescued. It will be especially interesting if the survivor(s) can explain how, or maybe why what happened did happen.
When a large passenger plane goes down in the open ocean after losing contact at night, there are no survivors.
I will pray for the families and those who are "Lost" at sea...but, I have to admit, I think I might have to move to East Asia. If he is now gone, then he was a fine specimen of a man to be 50. Really handsome. Perhaps East Asians could teach us of a few things about youth and taking care of ourselves. He looks tens times better than any of my former white boyfriends and that is a shame.
hmmmm...maybe you just need to raise your standards a bit...if he looks "ten times" better, you obviously weren't aiming very high...
It's be nice if you mentioned who you were writing about, don't you thing?
HL, how pathetically desperate you must be. Can't get laid so you're trolling yahoo pages of plane crash victim stories?
Scottsdale Guy A...there is more to life than getting laid. But, that was funny "trolling yahoo pages" and I would have said the same. Just an observation. Truth hurt though. Certain groups of people look fugly at 50 years in the USA. This man doesn't and it must be because he is/was living a better life over there. Some 20 somethings already look 40. Cynical man....you're right too. I'm working with scraps over here. What can I say? RB I commented on the post of the American that has been identified.
If they have money- trust me IBM is in bed with them. Just like IBM selling all over the middle east as Gulf Business Machines.
I hope many passengers family will get a lot of lawyers to sue Malaysian Airlines and Malaysian Government.
Yes, those lawyers need the money. Please help them out. Maybe there will be some money left over for the families. The lawyers will get their cut first.
X wives suck. They really do.
well, I guess he should have stayed in the USA and supported jobs in his own country.,however, It is sad his greed caused him to have died.
Just to be clear, he was working on assignment for IBM. Heard of them? The "I" stands for "International". And they are hardly alone in being an American company with offices worldwide. So, too, do Apple, Wal-Mart, General Electric, and most every other large company you might name. Are you so foolish as to call all of their employees greedy for not confining their business to the United States?!
You are a heartless individual. This man with a family died and all you can do is bash him because of where he worked.
Love how you thumb downs everyone's post against you...I am sure mine will be next.
Doesn't all IBM employees work overseas.
Too bad you're not smart enough to be one of them "Don't" not "doesn't." smh.
Is this suppose to be a joke? You are sick.
To be honest that is probably why he was working over there. He was more than likely being paid the local Asian wage rate... just to keep a job. Because he was 50 he also did not have a defined benefit pension plan any longer they took that from him around 1999 because he was not 40.
Please do not get me wrong, I feel for everyone on that flight and hope that a miracle does happen and they are found alive.
How come we don't have video of this crash? What is Obama hiding?
He's probably in a million pieces being gulped by fish so might as well look on the bright side: no more 9-to-5, no more taxes, no more listening to Obama and Biden.
Our pres Barack Obama sent help right away. Bush would have sat and thought about it for a month. Loving the way our pres handles situations. REady for Hillary too.
Were the two kids traveling on their own?
Am guessing they were born here of parents from China. Am not sure they allow children as young as 2 to travel without a guardian.
Ni the parents are chinese gave birth in america in the baby factory loophole
Yes, my guess is that the children are US citizens, but the parents are not. But that certainly doesn't say anything that the parents were in the US illegally.
somewhere I saw a full manifest list and there were others (ages right to be parents) traveling with the same surname as the two children
If any of you would have bothered to look at the manifest, you would have seen that they were not travelling alone. It's not that hard to do. Just one left-click is all it takes.
Yeah,...GEEZ. Why didn't you all do what Joe said. What is WRONG with the rest of you! LOL
So we lost a Texan, big deal. One less republican.
I'm forwarding your post to Ted Cruz. Expect a knock on your door soon
He'll just try to convert me to a vote, to replace the one that he just lost.
Richard, you are past-due for your meds.
Bev, your probably right. But I just cannot respect anyone from Texas. They seem to have their own little Third World State. Inbreeding is the most likely cause.
RIP to the Wood family, but only if they are NOT liberals.
Did you really need to make such a hateful comment? Is that really the way conservatives feel?
Yes, but it is matched and exceeded by liberal hate of conservatives.
I'm a conservative, and your comment is disgusting.
You're a paid DNC blogger Mike...
Hillary/Corey Booker 2016 New Jersey loves Corey and so do I. He will make a great vice pres like Joe Biden. Ready for Hillary.
Not if I can help i.
A SHAME this plane is still not localized. Cadillac, no OnStar on this 777 US-made planes? Where are the satellites, and all the superpowers' detection capabilities? Only in the movies?
What planet do you live on? Once the plane hits the ocean, the only thing they have to pinpoint it's location is the ping from the black boxes. It has a battery life of 30 days.
California Conceal Carry Applications Skyrocket After Bombshell Ruling This is why we need more strick gun laws. NRA is toast in 2016 when Hillary is on the move.
Snakespeak,The 2nd amendment is One of our Constitutional rights and Hillary Clinton will not touch it also the NRA is stronger than ever.Why have you slipped that comment here on this very serious occasion?
Don't you mean more strickerer gun laws?
Where are the folks with a HEART? Imagine for just a second that one of your family members was on this plane. SHAME ON MANY OF YOU!!!
This is a great opportunity for us to work with the Chicoms and the Malaysians and track down the Muslim #$%$ that blew up this plane and kill them and all their relatives. I would recommend that we cut off their heads with a dull knife. The only good muslim, is a dead muslim.
It could well be a CIA that blew up the plane. They have been known to do that.
I'm a Christian, and I know many peaceful Muslims that live quiet lives with their families. You sound like a racist jerk. (And not a Christian, I imagine.)
AMEN!! Where are the Charles Martels and the Jan Sobieskis of this century? Islam, which means submission, is a death cult. Murdering innocent Christians and Jews is honorable to these vicious, barbaric worshippers of the pedophile Mohammed. Malaysia is predominantly Muslim. I flew Malaysian Airlines from Kuala Lumpur to Paris in a brand new, modern A380. There was a huge selection of movies, etc. to watch. I was a little disturbed by the "interactive Koran" available in the reading selection. Imagine how crazy American atheists, etc. would get if there were an "interactive bible" on any domestic U.S. airline.
You don't know that's what happened! I don't like the Muslim religion but I sure don't want to see anyone die a tortured death , Americans, Muslims, whoever.
But Fred wouldn't that action make you as bad as the people you so despise?
It will all be kept quiet if it was a Muslim terrorist.
What I find interesting is that 239 people die on this one flight yet more people than that die on American roads every month and there's no big whoopla about that.
Haywood, it's because people on highways have a large amount of control over how they conduct themselves down that highway. We observe the traffic rules, as do the majority of drivers. Sure, there is always the one that causes the accident and innocents are maimed or killed. But per miles driven, our highways in the US are the safest around. On an airplane that's in trouble, the passengers are helpless. They can do nothing to avoid the fate that awaits. Airlines are safe, too. Very safe. But flying at 500 knots is inherently more dangerous than sitting in your Lazy Boy at home, watching pro wrestling. "Things happen" at speed and altitude. This flight demonstrates that...
Try to imagine yourself hurtling towards earth knowing full well you're going to die and having it take three or four minutes.Thats the big whoopla dude ! !
@Haywood...are you really that dumb that you had to ask that question? I will say yes you are.
Joe likes to make himself feel smart by making comments accusing others of being dumb. Guess what that makes him look like??? Anyone???
It should be obvious, Hayseed, that the big whoopla is that 239 people die all at once in a horrific accident, over which they had absolutely no control, and probably had some terrifying last seconds to think about it. Hopefully it was all over in a nano-second, but maybe not. Also, if people were honest, it crosses almost everyone's mind, who is conscious and has a brain, as they board an airplane what the possibilities are, so the fear factor is there, in some form or other, for most fliers. Does that help answer that question? Additionally, as they used to say before the internet, these types of horror stories "sell newspapers."
An American fighter jet shot it down. Hey, we've done it before, why wouldn't we do it again?
Korean Air Flight 007? Who shot that down?
Fear not, Obama is on the job.
Hey d bag--this has nothing to do with Obama. You should get help for your insane obsession with him.
Thank you. The USA is not involved in this and should remain on the sidelines.
Now if only they could ID the imposter with no birth certificate who is living in our white house...
So there were actually 3 Americans on this flight, but this article makes it sound like there was only one. It talks extensively about the Wood yet only briefly gives a passing nod to the other two. In fact, they barely even recognize the other two as American. "Two others with American passports are listed as Nicole Meng, 4, and Yan Zhang, age 2." Yes, we'll admit they have an american passport, but we're not going to call them "true" Americans because they're Asian. Come on, give me a break. Being American isn't about being white. There are Americans of all different races and backgrounds - black, hispanic, asian, etc etc and that doesn't take away from their American-ness. Very disappointed with this article.
Seems the only one focusing on race is you Mary... what bigotry are you trying to hide? RIP to all!
If you believe that it should be "RIP to all!" why do you think its ok for an article to be written that basically ignores 2 of the 3 American victims? - on the basis of race?
Link to it being about race... You are a bigoted troll Mary... nothing more.
Why "others with American passports" - there is an implicit suggestion being made here, subtlety but undeniably.
So people who talk about race and racial issues and believe in equal treatment of all people regardless of race are bigots LOL. You and your screen name have obviously gotten it backwards. "Truth" is only capable of engaging in name calling with no basis or reason.
just call them "asian american" fair enough?now focus on the disappearing plane!!
The other two Americans were toddlers. They didn't have ex-spouses and co-workers to interview, yet. Their parents and/or guardians are probably a little busy right now or dead. Stop fanning the flames, we don't need anymore people like you.
Wow, so many deniers on this board. Coming up with all kinds of things to divert attention from the obvious. They don't have ex-spouses or co-workers, but they sure have neighbors, family friends, teachers, other relatives, and a plethora of others.
I would say it is more of a story because he was an IBM executive, divorced, transferred to Asia with an ex wife and 2 sons. It has nothing to do with being white.
Nice try Mary. You know the other two were toddlers.
Nice try presico: You know you're trying to trivialize the situation.
They are children. What kind of bios are they going to have? And most likely, their parents are not Americans (they were most likely flying w/ them but are not listed as Americans), but the children were born in America (speculating) so they are. It can get very confusing to try to explain in an article.
So fast to make racist cries. The article focuses on a man who has a documented background for a high profile American company. Kids ages 2-4 have zero documented history. Put your self in the writers shoes scrambling to put together an article. Race has nothing to do with it, easy and quick information does. But please, keep scrambling to use your race crutch, because you know, youre too worried about the race side rather than the other 250+ people who died.
I was linking it more with age but whatever.
230+ people died and all we care about is how many were American
Maybe there's no more information on a 2 and 4 year old.... perhaps that 2 year old should have made a facebook page so that you'll feel better about your rant.
May not be confirmed yet? Seeing they are minors there may be other reasons too? I don't think for one second it's a race issue.
I caught the same thing. They ALSO make this distinction when they kill an American citizen of Arab decent in the "war on terror". I just didn't expect them to do the same thing to toddlers.
So, you expect Yahoo to contact the childrens parents to find out their life story.
Naysayers: you have helped me prove my point exactly about racial attitudes. Thank you for serving as a further exemplification of the issue I just pointed out. People always get the most defensive and riled up when they dislike what you say yet know it's the truth ;) And Olga, your comment has been reported. And yes, I will bring up this issue because it is an injustice to those that died.
Further proving my point. Yahoo homepage refers to this as: "American onboard Malaysian Airlines flight ID'd" and "American passenger ID'd". Lets ---assume---- for one second, that the author was just too lazy to look up information regarding the other TWO AMERICANS. That still does not excuse his refusal to refer to them as Americans, and merely as "holding an american passport" or Yahoo's failure to recognize the other 2 AMERICAN deaths on its front page. The obvious racial divide here is quite obvious.
*The racial divide here is quite obvious
but these so-called Americans don't want to be American's. They want to be African Americans, Hispanic American's , Asian Americans. That's not American. that means you were born somewhere else and were naturalized IMHO . If you are a true american you wouldn't want to associate yourself with those effed up countries. If you want to be an American, BE AMERICAN .
and yet mary, EVERY security commercial on TV ALWAYS has white robbers, or white credit card thieves.
I think there's terrorism involved in this! The pilot was a Muslim, and gee but Muslims have been known to do this before!
Malaysia is a muslim country stupid. did you expect Russians or morons like you flying the plane? damn,where do you stupid people come from?
There are lots of Muslims with issues against the Chinese! Especially Uighurs on Southwest China !!
I know it's a Muslim country. SO? "Stupid"!
Looks like I_Slam_Republicans is still stalking me! GO AWAY.
While this article is close to home for reasons I don't want to discuss, I find it also disrespectful. I believe that if there is going to be an article dedicated to one of the missing passengers, then there should be an article dedicated to all of them.
Well, they can't identify the other people until family has been notified properly, and that they get a story on them. Good grief, it's been all of a day, I'm sure we will see many more of these types of articles on others.
Oh for God's sake - get over yourself. He was an American, THAT'S why they dedicated an article to him. Find something actually worth complaining about.
I'm sure that the Singaporean press will discuss the loss of Singaporeans, the Malaysian media will cover the heartbreaks of Malaysians…and the Chinese newspaper and TV will have many, many reports on individual fatalities, as well as those of families. To expect the US Media to do this is absurd…and your "demand" would mean that NO connection to the tragedy would be made. You want the US Media to IGNORE the tragedy???
Can't trust anything made in the USA. Lower wages translates into lower quality but then that's what the corporations demand and the government is more than willing to oblige and of course American workers don't know any better.
bluetoe if you don't like the USA just pack up and leave.... No one will miss you....
WOW!! There really are idiots on here.
I'm sure if she was getting alimony it's truly sad for her.
Well that was a #$%$ thing to say.
No alimony in TX. Prayers are with her and her children.
NOT to worry, some fish has a belly full, hope his insurance was paid up to date.
WHO GIVES A #$%$. My brothers and sisters who are fighting in afghanistan fight for their lives out their. America you need to put your priorities straight. WHO GIVES A #$%$ ABOUT 1 AMERICAN when there is thousands of americans fighting in afghanistan.
y,EVERY American is accountable.What kind of lame brain are you?
No one gives a #$%$ about a holes like you. That's for sure.
y - y are you such a jerk? You sound like a heartless, soul.less poor excuse for a human being. Most of us give a #$%$ about one member of our family, and all of them, as well as one friend, and all of them, as well as those serving in Afghanistan. Get a heart and soul before you embarrass yourself again by commenting like a machine instead of a human. And get back on your meds while you're at it.
I cant believe you people are making jokes - very poor taste folks. Hundreds of people are dead and thousands are mourning right now. Show some respect.
Chinamen would not mourn if every American died tomorrow.
abe, even if what you say is true (which I don't agree), how about people being a "better person" and stop being #$%$ regardless of what "others" might do.
Some people can only make jokes to cope with this.
If he had been doing business in America instead of China this article would not of had to be written.
At least he was working, not taking free hand out.
Yes…maybe American businesses should not export anything at all, and give up the world to manufacturers of other nations… And I'm surprised that American "patriots" don't even know how to write in English…if they did this response "would not HAVE had to be written."
Not true, this an international event and an act of aviation terrorism, it would still be all over the news.
As if the other passengers aren't important.
Are you jealous that you didn't make the news. Poor baby. Maybe mommy will give you an extra rattle to play with.
Yes, there's an American on the flight, that makes it so much more important, because Americans are clearly worth more than anyone else, right?
Israeli Mossad lost two of their own during this crash. We wont know their real names since they are famous for using stolen passports.
And now you're famous for being an idiot. Actually, you're not really famous. But you're still an idiot.
This plane is probably sinked all the way down the ocean and these people probably died of drowning in the plane and probably got eaten by fishes and sharks. You know how deep that water is.
10 feet?? Are you on drugs or a idiot?? That ocean is like at least 35K deep.
More like 10,000 feet deep at least.
May God bless the families and my condolences to all. Death knows no age.
I don't understand why people get so 'concerned over kids and babies'. It's pretty tragic way to go for adults too. A baby or child is no more important than an adult.
maybe they are thinking that the child won't be able to grow up and experience life
I'm not sure I agree. Most adults that die have met their potential and although it is still quite tragic, when children die the world will never know that persons potential. for all you know that child was the cure for cancer. or something. Children that die don't have the opportunity to experience life; adults have had that opportunity.
What? So you're saying a 4 year old child had the same amount of time on the earth as a 50 year old man? They never got to experience the world or anything. If you wouldn't save your child over your own life then you should not have children. I cant even believe you think this way that a childs life is not worth saving over an adult who had the chance to live life
PitViper - I agree. Adults are no less important than babies. Moreso because they leave behind more loved ones, spouses, other children, mothers, fathers, friends and possibly many were caretakers of others or the only income. Many adults have not reached their potential. Many were young adults, with career changes in their futures. It's no less a tragedy.
It's especially tragic when a child has not been able to live out their life span. Adults have had the pleasure of experiencing what life has to offer. What planet are you from?
And a baby doesn't even know whats happening so it is lights on, lights off, not so horrible.
what is wrong or sick with you people. This is a tragedy for all of these people and their loved ones
Eric: I bet it wasn't as simple but I hope it was.
why comment if all some of you say are such ignorant things!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
same thing with Americans....this one american dude is no more important thatn any of the rest of the passengers or crew.
I am more worried about the adults more because adults could be responsible for dependents. By dying it leaves their kids without secure financial backing.
Your heart must be made of stone to make a comment like that. .
In the event of a tragedy isn't it always women and children are saved first?
I think our sympathies for the very young and very old are hardwired and also well-founded.
I agree, PitViper. So much attention is given when it's kids and babies in every tragedy when every life, no matter what gender, no matter what status, no matter at what stage is important. Life does not do favorites but humans like to think that kids and babies will be spared just because they are kids and babies. I am not being cold-hearted. I am merely stating a fact. Whenever an accident, tragedy or calamity happens, it does not distinguish who it will kill or what ages they are.
As stated previously the answer is simple. If you are 40 or 60 you have lived through most of life. At 2 you never had an opportunity to experience life. I hope it was very quick and they really never knew anything.
I'm 65 and have had a great life, when a child dies, I know what they missed, and for one my age, I just hope they didn't suffer. A lot of old men would have traded seats with a kid on that plane, but that is just not a reality. A tragedy eather way, just wished the plane was full of old men. Hope to have another 20 good years
I completely agree PitViper. Here is the thing: For those who believe in the biblical "god" you either believe that all things happen as "he" planned and accept that the death of a child is as foreseen by your "god" and that the child's life was meant to be short, or you must question your belief. Either all life is precious to you, regardless of his/her age and circumstance and no death is any less tragic than another, or must question your belief. You cannot have it both ways. I don't buy into the biblical "god", but I do believe that we each have our own path. A path with a beginning, a journey and an end. Some may last decades, others far less. Be we each provide the world with something of value. Even if it is only minuscule in nature and each one equally precious.
To the simple-minded, here's something to think about. What if.... the child that you are trying to save is the future Hitler? What if the child you are trying to save is the future killer of your own child? What if the 60-year old you think that has already experienced life is on the verge of curing cancer that your child will have in the future? What if the 40-year old is the only living relative of a child? Life is not that simple. Life is a tangled web of possibilities.
I think it is partially due to 'why were these two children listed and not their parents'...who lets their child travel (overseas none the less) by themselves???!! They are only 2 and 4 years old!!
babies did not choose to get on the plane. They were put there by adults.
And death does not discriminate M. So what exactly is your point?
It was no point. Somebody asked about the difference. What I sad is a fact.
So, supposing those two little ones where put on that plane by their parents, you aren't blaming them for their children's death. Yes?
Some of these comments are coming from whacked out nutballs. No I'm not depressed or whatever some of you cornballs think. An adult who dies at any age doesn't necessarily experience 'all' that life offers and doesn't make the 'death' any more acceptable. On the contrary a baby or small child probably doesn't/didn't know what happened to them and have no idea what they would've experienced.
Guess that's easy to say when you have grown and have experienced life.
Your "handle" is just perfect for you, PitViper1 Perfect!
I'd trade one child's life for a plane full of you
I think that the lives lost who were babies and children hits us hard because we are taught and programed by both our cultures/society and tradition to protect them, not to mention the fact that we immediately think of our own children and feel deeply connected to the parents because we are parents who understand the pain and grieving that parents feel over the loss of their child.
Warning Baby On Board signs in cars are pointless. Are we supposed to NOT be safe drivers when kids are not on board ? Kids on a plane ? No different.
Warning Baby on Boards in cars are laughable. What does it mean? I am careful when I drive. My driving is not affected whether you have kids inside your car or not. I follow the rules. Period. I was cut off so many times and when I looked at the car, there are kids inside. It's like the parent who is driving is wishing for the children on board to die. Just because you have kids inside your car doesn't mean you get the right of way.
You are spot on LA. Several years back I was driving to work one morning. It was icy, and I was on a two lane country road. I was driving about 40 miles an hour when a black SUV felt the need to pass me. Another car was turning onto the road coming from the opposite direction. The SUV hurriedly cut in front of me and immediately began to swerve due to the ice. It actually ended up turning over once and ended up in a ditch (remarkably right side up) while my little car luckily just ended up in a snow bank from trying to avoid hitting the SUV. After I called 911, I got out of my car and went to see if the idiot in the SUV was okay. It was some "mother" with a toddler and an infant. Now you tell me how much she cared about her kids. Not much. Not much at all. Thank goodness that stupid woman and her "precious" children were okay. As I said before, there is no difference in the value of a human being living among us. Regardless the age.
Well said Lilithfair on all posts.
I agree and disagree. Any innocent person that dies is tragic, but a child that never grows up to experience a first kiss, sex, driving, getting married, having kids of their own,etc is more tragic than a person that has done all these said things.
I totally agree. I think losing an adult affects more people. The two years old was still just a squalling ball of mush. They don't understand what is happening and their souls will just go and be born into another body. I think it's more devastating when a middle aged person with many connections and family dies.
Indeed Morgan. Every life is precious. No one life is more precious than the next. Having experienced the loss of the person I thought I would grow old with I can tell you, that, that man lived his life well. He lived his live beautifully. But his time was his time. I had the privilege to hold him close as he left this earth. There is nothing more profound as feeling the last breath of the person you love most in the world leave his body. He accepted his death with such grace that I have no doubt in my mind that when death comes for each of us, we are at Peace. It is only those left behind who experience the fear and sorrow that death appears to bring. Death is just another step in our soul's journey. Grieve, but don't wallow. That is a lesson that I, as an imperfect human being, took some time to learn. But learn it I did. Once you do, Peace surrounds you and on your worst days, It creeps in and calms you, and you know that all will be well in the end.
@PitViper: An adult has had a chance to have a life, an infant or toddler has NOT. If possible, I would give my life in exchange for the life of a child.
Alas Roisin, that is not how it works. A child who dies has lived the life he/she was meant to live the same as a man/woman who lived to be 100. To believe otherwise minimizes the purpose of the person who was loved & lost.
Lilithfair, I wish the internet had more of 'you' and less of some of the other losers.
Filth fair doesn't believe in God. Unless she pulls a 180, her ending is unfortunate. I will pray for the 180, for her sake.
Ya'll want some lemon pie? Lets calm down and reevaluate this in an adult manor...over pie!
I don't need your prayers Scott. But if they make you feel better about yourself, I would never stop you.
Really? Let's not bring that idiot into this.
wait..this system is run by total idiots..no one want's this job!!!
c'mon nooooooooooooooooooooo... he just turned the US into complete welfare state . .that's all.
“Philip Wood was a wonderful man,” that makes the ex-wife not such a wonderful woman, that s why he left her, now she s out to collect on the insurance.
It must suck to be as big an a hole as you. No wonder women hate you. D BAG
it is interesting to see that you get more ratings when your comment is hidden.
Herve, you are a mean-spirited person and have no respect for the man's ex-wife and his grieving children.
No I am not mean, ex wives are, Why is the ex coming up with such a comment anyways, I bet you she did not claim he was such a "wonderful man" when she filed for divorce. I respect his children, not her, why her anyways, I am sure he had a relation in Malaysia. If she is alive, she deserves his insurance payout, or his kids if they are still young, but not the ex.
Herve, I've got news for you. You don't get to decide anything as far as the insurance.
Obama will say "this affects millions of Americans"
He will take this opportunity to raise taxes
Considering millions fly everyday, it probably will. Thanks for pointing that out
Maybe the GOP will ban marriages between Malaysians and Chinese
Apparently Ronald is too clenched in his butt to get humor. As if he knows a word other than "serious business"
Plane crashes. People always say, "when it's your time, it's your time." But, what if it's not your time, but the pilot's time? Ever think of that?
Well, if they crashed in the ocean, that Timex will come in handy.
If they crashed in the ocean, the Timex will only come in handy if it's water proof.
Well Sushi, I guess you've never seen the old Timex commercials, where they show the watch submerged under water. Hence, my post.
the clear thing to say would be "if it was the pilots time and not yours" well then you lived through the plane crash and the pilot died.
You're right, Cameron. I forgot these boards are inundated with English majors. But, even THEY would start a sentence by capitalizing the first word. Please don't critique others' grammar unless yours is flawless.
Or a terrorist makes it your "time."
I extend my heartfelt condolences to the family of Mr. Wood, and the 239 people who perished. Sad...........
All of you who are making snide comments probably wouldn't be doing so if it was someone in your family in this situation. Have some decency and courtesy.
That's the problem, Americans have lost any sense of decency and compassion...
Yahoo sure does have a lot of classless trolls.
Why Merica is a "classless" society, don't ya know. That's what they teach in school anyway and commentators are certainly proving the point.
Any bets that muslim terrorist ARE involved ?
He sounds like a good man!
Sounds like TWA leaving New York to Paris 20 to 30 years ago when Pam and her two children from Houston were killed. It blew up just off the coast of Long Island.
Note to terrorist it's not scary if you blow a plane up and nobody knows.
This report is out of DALLAS, an AMERICAN city, if you want to read about the other victims... look for reports out of their country of origin.
This doesn't comfort me much since I'm flying to the UK tomorrow....
You should be fine. I have a 24 hr flight 2 weeks from now.
Very sad news!!! My only problem is with the ex-wife saying she wants peace and quiet, yet she is on facebook posting about it. Makes sense.
He'll be OK, Mr. Wood can obviously float.
wow ... i hate myself for laughing at your comment.
Easy Sidewinder, its a joke. Oh, by the way, is it hard being gay?
God speed all the passengers family, and friends to a healed broken heart.
Hey lovely one jones ......do you think jesus would treat another human being . or degrade another human being like you just did?? try being more Christ like and not like your father the devil what breaks christs heart is seeing people like you treating other people like like subhumans . do not judge lest you be judged
Yes, yes of course. We want peace and quiet, that's why we are posting it on Facebook....
All Facebook is is a way to communicate, and it's easier than having to face the press...
I'm amused that Yahoo "reported" this from Facebook as opposed to, I don't know, DOING ACTUAL REPORTING. Since when does lifting stuff from social media qualify as journalistic reporting?
Far - What a stupid thing to say. No one has to face the press and a Facebook posting isn't going to stop the press from doing anything.
Yep. What if he is still alive? I know many ex-wives who've made sure the courts mandated life insurance policies to protect their respective alimonies in the event the respective ex-hubby's plane ever goes down. Ex-wives... and attorneys... and cockroaches.
Condolences to Philip, a member of our extended family.
Nicole Meng, 4, and Yan Zhang, age 2. .. so sad, little angels.
Offering jobs over seas? Sounds like he was looking for cheap labor and cutting down American jobs.
Get outta here you apathetic #$%$, why don't you show some respect and offer your condolences.
Exactly, then these low IQ "Muricans" get mad at the Asians because "murican" business owners are the ones making the decisions to off-shore their jobs.
You can't spell "hiram d" without mad. As in a sore douche :)
Kim-- IBM is just doing their thing like ford, and the rest of the big companies. Nosuch thing as American made any more. Sad.
Well we do have Japanese and German car companies over here and we are building their cars. It's just a matter of do we have any "Made in the USA by a USA based company". But this isn't the point. Condolences to all those families who lost love ones on this flight. May you be at peace.
We Pray for all these people on board that Plane,
Some of the comments on here are truly disgusting. 'it's sad because he was a white man.'? People, compassion at this time would be nice. I could have been your family member of your child, brother, father, husband...
something about this accident does not seem logical or correct here.
...sad news... night everybody... don't forget to set your clocks back an hour...
ahead one hr. Yesterday was 3:23 AM ---now is 4:23 AM (from 2AM Sunday E.Time
...Spring up....Fall back.....I guess they didn't teach you that in Mullah Umamma Owe-Boma High School....
OMG! An American dad was on the plane? Forget the other 238 people on board and find this man.
probably. some muslim that went kaboom.
Wasn't there a new warning a week or two ago about shoe type bombers? Just saying
I am so sick of Islam and what they are doing, it's not a religion of peace. No others are trying to down aircraft. Glad they wear their hajjis like a Scarlett's letter so we can spot them out of a crowd. Islam must be banned to save others from dying like the souls on this flight.
So evidently you're assuming it was a terrorist act.
Speak English Leroy Jenkins. I bet you're black.
What what of the Christian fundamentalists? Have you forgotten the "brave Chrisian" Tim McVeigh?
Mc veigh said he was atheist then, plus that was like decades ago vs Islamic terror happening every month. If you get a fundamentalist Christian then they must love ther enmities and forgive. Mohammad the founder of Islam did kill and conquer, Jesus did not. Too bad the world is not full of Jesus following fundamentalist
I would post something here, but I already said it before. You can just check my past comments. Thanks.
My condolences to the families. I lost my father when I was young (14), we did not go to church nor were we a very religious family, but my mom had (or someone) had a local Baptist Minister come to the home and talk with me for a few minutes, he said some words that stuck with me today.... he said.... when we are in our mothers womb we have all we need, food, warmth, shelter and we are very comfortable.... we do not want to leave... much like our life on earth.... but, we must leave ...much like the way we are here on earth... but we must leave and go to another "place" and again we do not want to leave this place. I am not a religious person ...however I do believe nothing in our world and universe is wasted... everything is recycled,.....burn a log and the log is turned in to heat and ash.....we simply change our state. That gives me comfort in that we will be changed but not destroyed.... when we as a new born must leave this very very comfortable place. Peace to all of you.
"In a flash, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trumpet. For the trumpet will sound, the dead will be raised imperishable, and we will be changed." (Corinthians 15:54) "When the perishable has been clothed with the imperishable, and the mortal with immortality, then the saying that is written will come true: "Death has been swallowed up in victory." (Corinthians 15:52) "Where, O death, is your victory? Where, O death, is your sting?" (Corinthians 15:55" Peace to you too.
That is how life is sometimes
“Philip Wood was a wonderful man,” wrote Elaine Wood, who still lives in the Dallas area. “Although we were no longer married, he is still family. His sons and I just want peace and quiet right now.” Not everyone would say that about an ex-spouse. What Ms. Wood wrote showed a lot of class.
OR she was looking for her own 15 minutes of fame at the expense of her ex
God Rest/Bless All....One thing is for sure...each of us no Matter what our Status/Position in Life...Tragic Thing's Happen to people Everyday and Most of us Think that maybe we will die quietly at home in Old/Age,with Friends and Relatives Gathered Around at age 93'.ONLY PROBLEM IS Countless Millions thought that.and Everyday we pass we are one step Closer to Eternal Destiny............Accept JESUS CHRIST into your life! and read and Understand your Bible (KJV or Hebrew to English version)
God Bless you Cathy...My Sister in ChrisT...SEE YA' UP THERE^ IN A FEW DECADES! or Maybe Next Monday the way the World is......Prayers and love to all And that Includes Richard Dawkins, even though he wont Sign for them Yet.
I lost a colleague on that Buffalo NY Continental Connection crash in '09... I would have been on it with him had I not been in Los Angeles that day... I was gut-punched for days.
I despise Yahoo!'s message boards; and yet here I am, typing away...because I know that THIS PLACE is where ignorance needs offsetting.
There is nothing you can do except tick people off. No one is changing their ignorant opinion anytime soon.
Probably true, but if just one lone surfer finds a truth I post, interesting, than that is enough for me. I will not allow lies, propaganda and overall ignorance to "own" this entire space.
If someone is skipping an article to get their "facts" from a comment, they are fools.
Then what about the bad spelling then?
That's not bad spelling. That's accidentally using a frequently-used word in place of another frequently-used word which happens to look and sound very similar to the intended word. It's not the end of the world. Nor the message.
Justin, Attention spans aren't what they once were. A lot of people do skim the story and then scroll to see what other people are saying, hoping to get a clearer picture of what's going on. Often on these boards, though, what they are getting is right wing propaganda and opinion, dressed up like truth.
there are no calls from passengers from the plane so the plane just disappeared
up untill now so the probability is that they were taken to another place who knows?
yeah forget about those non americans on that plane
That's why we always have to be humble,you never know when you are going!!
yes we are not in control despite what everyone thinks
Many of them were loving parents and had careers. Don't forget them. No one is better than the next, nor is anyone worse than the next.
well it faster to get where you are going they claim it safer to fly I look at this way it depend who driving a auto I been driving over 30 years never a wreck 1 speeding ticket I will never fly . I rater be in control I am no hurry to meet my maker
I'm with YOU! I hate flying!
well your more likely to die in a car wreck befor a plane crash/explosion, but your odds of surviving a car wreck is higher than surviving a plane crash....or a bomb going off.....flying is not my thing either I'll take my chances on the road.
Two other Americans ages 4 and 2, same ages as my great nieces, that makes me sick
I am sure he is a nice, giving person... And I believe this people still can be found, it's too early to morn... There were also a few people from former Soviet Union... Let's pray together, maybe it will help...
Angry....how many more distasteful attempts at humor are you going to try??? just so you know, there are enough out of work comedians that you don't need to join them
Ok 2 oil slicks spotted ... 2 planes... maybe
Yah...Obviously the Russian/Chinese/North Korean MiG that shot them down, didn't make it either.
May the light of God give the victims peace and those who lost love ones I pray for your loss.
Life....gone in a blink. It's mandatory we find out what happened.
It likely wasn't a bomb, guys: there wouldn't be an oil slick if it was.
I like how they make the American story about a WASP, and not Nicole Meng and Yan Zhang, the other two Americans on board.
F--- you, you liberal piece of trash.
Considering the other ones are toddlers and their parents most likely perished along with them, I think this article is perfectly fine.
excuse me, but Mr. Wood was not protestant ... that makes him a WAS
Not too much can be said about a 4 yo and a 2 yo.
What kind of storied lives do you suppose these two kids have led so far at their age?
The news media are greedy for any local snippets on a story like this. The information about Mr. Wood was available (via a Facebook post, apparently) so they're running it. Many decisions do not have any sinister, racial, ethnic, religious, or any other significant factor.
Meng and Yang have Chinese mothers who had a Visa for the USA 'visit' and had their children born where they would be U S citizens at birth
Chinawomen are barely human let alone Americans
Meng/Zhang last names, wonder why you idiot. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure this one out.
Perhaps they know more about Woods because his family came forward and posted info on him and confirmed he is on the flight. Why to liberals always go into the race issue its pathetic. Obvious they know more about Woods because the family is talking, it has nothing to do with race you pathetic human being bringing race into a tragedy like this! PATHETIC!
The chance of one person on a plane with a stolen passport is very rare; two people almost not possible by chance. Very sad!
very sad. I can't imagine a pilot or co pilot would be responsible for such a tragic event. has to be terrorist act.. I can't believe anything else
Some little group of malfeasants would have taken credit for it already.
WTH.....passports? Two people on the plane with stolen passports more than a year after they were stolen?...WTH!
Italy's fault for not giving Interpol notice on the passports.
Looking more like suicide bombers did it.....2 passengers on board had fake passports. My guess is terrorists against China are behind the attack as the plane was headed for Beijing with mostly Chinese passengers.
Can't imagine what the few last seconds were like for these poor people. Very disturbing and sad.
maybe your "god" didn't like somebody on that plane.....so he put it down with the fishes
May God Bless those whose lives were lost in this terrible plane crash
They keep saying "was". They could still be alive.
Prayers and peaceful thoughts go to all those people on that aircraft. Can't imagine how stressful it must have been knowing that there is trouble and you have no where to go. Blessings too to all the families and friends waiting to hear word of their loved ones..........
My prayers go out to each and every person on that flight and their families and friends. This is very, very sad.........
@ Nunya you should try hanging yourself and see how that works for you !!!!!!
You should have prayed BEFORE the plane went down, silly!
Do you think the air plane was shot down?
Bomb. Stolen passports. China having political strife. The bomber/terrorists made sure the plane went down in the middle of the Sea. Horrible.
There would wreckage floating around, I think.
Yeah @ Gee c. could be. @me maybe everything sank cause the ocean has very rapid waves thats why its so hard to find anything now. But the one only reason why I say maybe it got shot down is cause of the craziness in todays world you never know.
Lots of American fathers died today, including soldiers on the battlefield, yet they're not even mentioned...... Better start getting your frickin priorities straight.
that's what they signed up for.
This article is not just about Americans, it is about EVERY nationality that is on that plane. It does not matter what or if they are mentioned on Yahoo...you just try to keep the soldiers, these people that are missing in flight, people that are in hospitals in prayer. Not whether or not they are mentioned on the news. Pain and disappointment is all over this world, not just America. PRAY for people.
I don't care about other nationalities.... Sorry.
Heart felt condolences go out to all of the non-Muslim families, whom are going through this tough time.
The Israeli Mossad prefer crashing an entire airplane to take out one business man who might be a threat. You never know who the target was......The Mossad were also busted in Australia for stealing passports.
How long have you been practicing your hatred?
Sinbad, practicing hatred? How does someone practice hatred?
Practice as in the act of doing or performing something, not training. By excluding Muslims in your original comment you are practicing hatred.
I excluded the meals served on board as well, but that doesn't mean I hate it.
That logic is known as a fallacy of affirming the consequent. Here's a simpler example of an affirming the consequent fallacy: Pigeons are bipedal. Donald is bipedal. Thus Donald is a pigeon. See the fallacy and why your reply is irrelevant? (And your original post still demonstrates a hatred of Muslims).
You just proved that your accusation of hatred is a fallacy of affirming the consequent. So what? You are pointing a finger at me, with three more pointed back at yourself. Now, let me go back to the same question. Read it really slow this time so that it sinks in, please. Try really hard. How does one practice hatred?
Why does Yahoo allow comments on stories like this .. Tragedy brings out the worst in bigots and racists,
So very sad, If this was done by terrorists as it seems it has, I hope they rot in hell
seems like terrorists to me 2 people possibly more had stolen passports. Whenever a pilot doesn't radio for help and there isn't poor weather then you really have to wonder. Usually its the "most likely" explination for something that's the cause. Since the terrorists are using suicide methods I feel like their families/friends or co conspirators should be punished as well.
Its starting to sound clear to me. The plane suffered some sort of major problem in the air and fell into the sea. Its now at the bottom of the ocean. Terrorists? Maybe.
Vinster ~~ What seems odd is the no one called anyone on their cell phone. Today, it seems that everyone has one, yet, not one person calling to say anything? That just seems odd to me! Unless everyone died when it hit the water, I would think that someone would call a loved one!
There's not particularly good cell phone service in the middle of the South China Sea, and not all airplanes have in-flight links to cell phone service.
It's funny that every time I talk to a Christian about this tragedy, they can not defend their "god". I ask every Christian, "Why did God allow innocent children to be killed?" "Why can't your "god" just catch the plane as it's falling? "Every Christian responds the same way, they just look down at the ground. I then have asked every Christian; "Why does God's Plan allow the murder of innocent people? What kind of "plan" is this?" Every single Christian then begins to mumble, still looking down. At this point I must get firm with the Christian as I firmly talk to them; "Look at me when you are speaking to me, and annunciate your words." It is at this moment that every single Christian I have talked to walks away in shame. They have no choice but to admit that their "god" does not exist, and that's why these innocents are not protected. I have used this tried and true tactic and have made many former Christians see the truth. The truth that "god" is as real as Winnie the Pooh. It is rewarding to enlighten these formerly ignorant people and get them to realize that a FREE THINKER relies on evidence to support such preposterous claims like a "god". Unfortunately it always happens in the face of such tragedies such as this.
You are a despicable IDIOT. You need to die to meet your UNgod real soon.
Such a stupid, lying post. Here's the simple answer. Heaven is better than Earth. Why would God intervene in the righteous getting to heaven.
TROLL is what he is...he exactly know the reaction and loves the attention...poor loser.
YOU are a skumbag maggot that does not have a life other than TRYING to destroy others people's lives. You need to off your self as soon as you can. What a disgusting display of a Human.You need to Post your real photograph so we can spit on it.
Please put down the crack pipe and free your mind "Free Thinker"
When A&E ate from the tree they let the devil into the world. People were no longer pure and gave into bad temptations. They betrayed God so he had to step back while the devil ruled. He then sent his son, Jesus, to die so we could be saved from our sins. As people, we have free will to do what we want. God is here to guide us through our choices, whether they are good and bad, and save us when our time on Earth is up. He can not change the things that happen, only be with us to help us through them.
Amazing Atheist, I am no believer in god nor do I have imaginary friends. It is clear for all to see that you worship the dual gods of self-righteousness and windbaggery. Grats on the return post count troll.
If Jesus showed up today, they would say he was starting a Cult. John the Baptist would encounter a No Swimming Sign. Abraham would be prosecuted for attempted murder of his son Noah would have to fight the tree huggers Moses would be charged for starting a riot.
@JTGM you are ONE SICK UNIT.....when are you going to kill yourself? take some pictures
tradegy happens cause we live in a fallen world with sin. jesus wants us to come to him so we dont perish and go to hell. he loves us very much
I choose to believe in God because my life is so much better having Him in it. In fact, nothing in this life is satisfying apart from Him, which explains why people chasing after everything in this world (money, fame, success) never find peace or satisfaction no matter how much they have or get. True peace and happiness is OTHER worldly. I hope you are able to experience it one day. It's a love, peace and happiness like no other.
Wait a minute atheist do not believe there is any value in life so why ask if there is any value in their death? Leading atheist Richard Dawkins' said the characteristics of the universe imply that it has "no design, no purpose, no evil and no good, nothing but pointless indifference" (Impact, 6/2001)
II think amazing atheist is answering his own question if God did not allow theses things to happen He would not get your attention would He? You live in the sin kingdom and that means all you do is walk around your grave until you fall in but the only defeat of death , Hell, and the grave is through Christ Gods Son. You see He did do something about it after all now what are you going to do?
Christians DON"T do that to little boys you hate mongering a hole. Why do progressives like you want to marry little boys?
@ UNamazing atheist - Then you are a complete idiot and you are talking to 'Christians' who either aren't practicing, don't or haven't read their bible or simply call themselves that in name alone. Let me explain this to you. IF you would ever read the bible with an open mind, and don't tell me you have because then you are a liar which makes you a sinner which I know you are because we all are. IF you do however, you will find their are horrid stories all through out the bible just like this. God gave us all the free will to do as we please. The holy spirit also is each and everyone of us. That is what many call conscience. Bad people do bad things for one of several reasons. One, is they are raised to think nothing else, another is they 'lose it' or go crazy, loco like you, or they simply choose to do the devils work and cause others grief, sometimes by killing them. SO... WHY doesn't God intervene? Because simply put, we have free will. People like yourself want to think you are in control. However, if it's your time, you will die. Children die unexpectedly with NO cause found, so do many others. Why? Because it's their time! I wouldn't expect someone like you to open your eyes, see all the amazing beauty, color and life throughout the world and have any type of rational explanation for HOW he all got here. Oh, yes, you 'atheist' claim a BANG happened and it was all JUST here! Or... We evolved from a sea creature!!! LOL!!! That my friend takes MUCH more faith and stupidity than to believe there was an almighty creator! Oh, one more thing. Before you go on some hollow rant about you do not believe in something you cannot see... You sir, cannot 'see' air, yet you from the time you are born maintain the 'faith' and faith alone it is there. I will pray for you! God bless!
I am a person of faith, God gave men freewill so that you would be able to chose your own way. God does not want worship that is forced. God did not take down that plane, men did. I believe and have faith in that God, not just when tragedy strikes or things are not going my way, but every day, especially when I have reason for joy or happiness. I especially liked Donald M and Michael's answers. I am certainly not going to call you names or indicate in some way I find you stupid, one, because I don't believe you're stupid and two, being hurtful is not very Christian. Why DO we have a conscience? Why do we know, unless we're depraved, that some things are just wrong? We ALL worship something. By worship, I mean we give our thoughts, our minds, our hearts and our effort and time to it. Some people worship fame, some drugs, some power, some money or any combination of the last four, some pleasure and some science. Some even worship rock and movie stars. The best of us worship our families, but, we all have an inherent need to worship something. I worship God and love my family and Country. I don't expect him to keep me from all harm. God thinks in the long term, He knows that there is more than this life and there He promises that there will be no sorrow or tears. God tells us in the Bible to expect those things in this life. Scientists have come up with a new theory, that there our literally other dimensions, this is the part of Physics that believe in Newton and his laws but much more, such as string theory. Do you know what they call these other dimensions? Mansions. It reminds me of Jesus telling his a followers "In my Father's house are many MANSIONS, if it were not so I would have told you." The Bible also talks about the earth "hanging in the void" way before anyone realized we weren't being held up by Atlas' shoulders or laying on the back of a giant turtle. I will certainly grant you that men have done many Godless things in his name, but that doesn't men God is to blame. If you wish to believe that your a few cents worth of chemicals and a lot of water, and nothing more, that is certainly your right. I'm a nurse and have worked with Nephrologists (kidney doctors) and many of them believe in God. They say we can send man to the moon, but we cannot build anything, any filter, that comes near to doing what a human kidney can do. If I die and I'm wrong I won't even know it, what If you die and your wrong.
@ Kathleen - I think you meant to say 'man' not 'men' because it has a very different meaning! other than that, VERY well said! I thought you summed it up and only needed what you said in the end which was, (I am going to add my twist to the end) "If I die and I'm wrong I won't even know it, what If you die and your wrong, you’re going to burn in hell!" I just love that! That makes it abundantly clear what the better choice is! The other reply or retort I also love is the fact that the agnostic or atheist will get upset and argue about God. They fight to have crosses removed. They fight to make us Christians silent. So, WHY do ANY of this IF you DO NOT believe that God exist? HOW can ANYONE be offended by something 'fictional'? By doing so, they are completely acknowledging that God DOES exist!!! I know that side of things because THAT WAS ME until 10-24-2010 when I was saved, praise God! What a difference life has been. To explain the feeling, I feel like black and white are now seen in color. I feel like I have no more pressure and I feel like I am not constantly being punished in life. When people say to others they have 'found jesus' they don't mean it that way because Jesus was never lost, but they were. It's the same as a small child 'finding their parents' in a store. No, it wash;'t the parent who was lost, it was the child! So the way I look at it, is all of these 'atheist' and agnostics talking their smack are nothing more than spiritually immature. Once day, their holy spirit is going to wake them up and that I pray for!
Not about that, go away troll.
You've asked "every Christian"? I don't recall a smug, condescending man asking me this question.
All of you that are dissing God are not looking at the big picture. Satan has his grip on you and he's not letting go any time soon. He feeds you hate, and that hate shows in your responses here. God is not evil, He does kill innocent people. Satan is the one doing all this, you just choose to believe his words and not the words of God. I'm no preacher, I'm not here to "shove the word down your throats" as some of you think we do, I'm just here to tell you that when the final judgment comes, Hell will really suck for some of you. Do you really think Satan cares for you? He's just trying to pull as many people away from Jesus Christ before the end. Don't let that happen to you. Take some time and really read the Bible.
God's plan is his plan. Bad things happen, He just wants us to trust in Him. And to answer your question fully, I don't think anyone can really answer it because no one truly knows what God is thinking. If we did, we would be god's ourselves, however we aren't. But being happy that you can tell off a christian just to make yourself feel better about what you don't understand makes your look childish. I pray that you find God someday.
But God doesn't need me to defend him...... he's God.
If a better place await us and the Bible say there is, perhaps those that die go to a better place. We living look at death as bad, perhaps for the dead they not have a better place to go. Most everyone wants to go to heaven, just not right now.
Amazing Atheist................I completely agree with everything you said. . . . . . . . . . . J.K. You're an idiot.
@the amazingatheist, Why do sit there with such smugness as if atheism has something to offer. Obviously, you have spoken to evangelical who cannot defend their faith but I sure can. I understand apologetics and so does well educated apologist that you obviously have NEVER tested wits with. Stop beating up on people who faith has little depth and try a real apologist!
Let me just say that people the OP talks to do not do that, lol. Religious people will just argue with you forever, they don't look down and walk away in shame unless they're little kids. But listen to me carefully people, this goes for people of any religion and atheists as well...None, I repeat, none - not a single one - of you know if there is or isn't a God, an afterlife, or any of that. There is no reason to argue because no side wins, ever. Any belief in these things you may have come from ideas other human beings have put in your head, think about and remember that. I usually believe only what I know for a fact is real. But I also admit that I'm only human. You need to keep your minds open to all possibilities. Don't force your beliefs on others, don't hurt people, educate them. Let them make their own decisions. My advice to everyone is, be neutral, hope and even pray if you must, but keep your minds open. No one truly knows a damn thing about any of this, no matter how much shouting and kicking and screaming they do to prove they're right.
Atheist: If you really want to know the truth, there are people who say they're Christian and people who think they're Christian and there are people who pretend they're Christian. How do I know this? The Bible makes it clear. If you really want the answers just take some time and ask God to show you, be open to guidance though or you will never really know the truth. Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth and the light, and no one comes to the father except by me." He also said, "You will know the truth and the truth will set you free." So, if you want to know the truth go to it's source, ask God, ask Jesus and you will start learning things that you have ever known before. Then you will know why Christians who love God and who serve him understand that he gives each of us an appointed length of time to be on planet earth, in other words, we have a certain time to be born and a certain time to die. For all of us, me and for you included we only have a certain length of time to live here/ A time to be born, a time to die. There's so much to learn about God, quit asking people, ask God.
See as all these ignorant Christians have nothing but resort to name calling because they have no actual facts to prove this "God" or whatever exists
@deadhead1232000 - sorry, I hit the thumbs down - it was an accident.
It is obvious Amazing Atheist that you have never studied philosophy and the Bible. Sometimes I don't no whether I should laugh or cry about the pathetically ignorant. Christ taught that life is our choice, that God doesn't interfere with our lives and choices. Philosophically speaking this means that Christ's message was that of a Deist. Deism: noun 1. belief in the existence of a supreme being, specifically of a creator who does not intervene in the universe. Now with your inferior intellect I doubt you could grasp this concept, I will try to explain it to you and the rest of the unenlightened on this thread. This means that God set in motion, that although God knows every eventuality, much like a mathematician, God doesn't control what takes place. This is the purpose of time and what allows Humanity to have awareness, knowledge and existence. Time is the gift of will. Of course you being an Atheist means you'd rather not have any of these things and just live life as a beast. I have been to atheist countries and perhaps this is what you desire. A world where life has no meaning, where woman are treated as disposable, where sex with children is acceptable, where prostitution and child labor are commonplace, where environmental atrocities and animal cruelty are openly accepted. Yes this is what the atheist want, they want a world without a metaphysical reality, a world without change and growth. A world of stagnation and deviancy. Atheist is just the word that devil worshipers call themselves as to not reveal their true nature. I may not be religious, but I recognize evil and that is exactly what atheism is.
@the NON Amazing, you are not worth the time of day, waste of air
It is every ones choice to believe in God or not. As far as I'm concern you can choose as you like, however I don't criticize the believers or the unbelievers neither I appreciate negative comments from either side. Christianity it's not about praying 10 times a day or attend church services. Nor I expect God to save me or anyone else from death. Christian religion and most religions are about are behavior in the society and how we care about the other people. We live in a free country and we have the right to believe whatever we like. But when I read this negative statement from The Amazing Atheist ( as much as I dislike to participate in this forum about religion ) I have to say this person's mind is completely twisted with many psychological problems. I hope someday he can find serenity in his life !!!!
@Jesus the Gay man, Where did I say anything that would indicate I am motivated by fear? If I die and I'm wrong, which I don't think I am, then, if your right there will be nothing and I'll no nothing so what's to fear? @Scottster, sorry about the typo.
The AA Just brought out all those fine "christian values" out of you folks didn't he. Wow. Just wow. So much hate, anger, judgmentalness. Calling him gay, a pedofile etc. You folks can't say you follow your bible with all this talk. Example: 10-BUCK-2 9 minutes ago 0 0 GO TO HELL Cda77 5 hours ago 2 2 Christians DON"T do that to little boys you hate mongering a hole. Why do progressives like you want to marry little boys? Fine christian values.....
l am 57 and a Christian. I am not a religious zealot, but I do believe in a higher power. I CAN tell you this much. I have NEVER in all my years witnessed such an obvious HATRED for people that believe in God, Jesus, etc. If you have any question as to why our culture is sliding into the abyss all you have to do is read the above Posts and replies. There are so many walking among us that are vile humans with a disgust against what is Good and Right. I am not sure if they even realize they are Evil and hand in hand with Satan. There were always folks that didn't practice Religion or even believe in a God, but the difference is today, we have have people that detest folks that DO BELIEVE. They are on the side of the Devil, whether they realize it or not. Probably the same people that voted for Obama 2X.
Not to take away from that tragedy - my condolences are with the families. But speaking solely on the aspect of god. People have this whole thing backwards. For millions and millions of years god didn't exist. Dinosaurs and other species did, then along comes man and *poof* god exists. But not just one god. Multiple gods. Different gods. Christians pray to one god. Jews pray to one god. Muslims pray to another. Buddists have their beliefs and mormons have theirs. If a god is all powerful wouldn't there not be any debate over which god is god and which isn't? It seems to me that if there is a god there would be a pretty strong consensus on which is the one true god and there shouldn't be really any debate. People began to believe in god because they were sophisticated to ask the where did we come from, but not sophisticated enough to answer with anything more than a simple approach that made sense to them, and makes enough sense to last thousands of years through today. But other beliefs by these primitive people have proven not to be true as time passed on. Earth being flat, universe revolves around the Earth - just to name a few. So as time continues to pass on and we begin to understand the universe and the world we live in more and more eventually an answer to how we got here will be available. It may not happen in our life time, but it will happen. It will happen way before any rapture day or another superstitious nonsense happens.
what presence has God brought to animals? was their a Jesus dog? deer? buffalo? etc... or are other creatures that can think werent worthy of his word? answer me that God belivers, and why would a God create a human (jesus) on that date? why none prior or since? what made that year so special?
Yea who have little Faith....the ONE thing you all did find out for sure in the past 5 years is that Obama sure as hell ain't the Messiah.
Hey AA, is that your real face or did you take a picture of dog poop and make it your avatar?
They are not hanging their heads in shame. They are hanging their heads in pity and sadness for you because you won't hear the truth. What else can they do but walk away? Your mind and heart are closed. Like it or not - praying for you.
Ace if the devil is evil and I'm going to get sent there for drinking, drugs, porn, and swearing then I think me and satan will get along great. And if he tortures me for doing all of those things then he can't be that bad of a guy if he punishes you for doing bad things. Either way its a win-win
I'm not much of a religious person - in fact, I'm not religious at all - but to the "Amazing Atheist"... you sir are an embarrassment to non-believers all over the globe. You sound like a little child making up ridiculous, exaggerated lines for story time. Please grow up.
If AA met a Muslim he would NEVER mock his religion simply because AA is just another coward.
You were shark scat when you woke up this morning Ace. You just haven't met the shark yet...
I justs don't see why would god want to Catch this plane as i am myself non believer of any religion, but i don't see why is this relevant to the tragedy and how will it bring comfort to the families. i see your anger towards religion very justifiable, but let it go. won't change a thing. it comes from within. believe or non believe.
You are talking to the wrong Christians. I don't know anyone who would look down at the ground. Christian and non-Christian, we all live in a fallen world, filled with evil. Everyone is given a free choice... to accept God and live by His principles, or to the other extreme of allowing pure evil to reign in their lives. We are not immune from the effects of evil. I find it really hard to believe that what you are saying is true about Christians walking away in shame. I don't know anyone who would do that. God never promises we will not have trials and tribulations in this world... in fact He says we WILL. He does promise to go through them with us and, for those who put their trust in Him, to take them Home to Heaven with Him in the end.
And God will never say. "Look at me when you say that".
It's not the fact that he allows people innocent or not to die. He's not in control of that. It's free will that people decide to fly. Free will to drive a car. My God does exist! I will take that to the grave with me. I will look you in the eye and tell you that. So don't sit there and chastise my God because you don't believe in Him. If we were meant to fly, God would have given us wings. Death and Hades are in control of death. Satan as well. So, If you don't want to go to Hell, you had better start reading your Bible and have faith in God Almighty.
God's a big entity, it can look out for itself.
@The Amazing Atheist why did MAN let this happen then.. if you think you are so smart... Christian God had nothing to do with this.. Nature has her own plans for everyone.. some short others long.. it depends on how we live our lives in the end that matters.. trying to make this a god thing.. shows how little you know about the real world.. atheist is a religion in on itself.. so stop preaching it.. you show how stupid you are...
You sound angry. Let them believe what makes them get through their lives. You are free to be an atheist, let others choose to believe or not believe. You're as bad as the christians forcing their beliefs on non-christians.
And I should have added... since I don't want my response to focus on other than the tragedy that has occurred and the deep hurt this man's family and friends... an so many others... are going through... that my heart goes out to all of them. My prayers are with them and I offer my deepest condolences.
God doesn't have a magic wand, nor does God pull strings like a puppet master. We were given free will, and God doesn't inflict harm or cause bad things to happen any more than God causes good things to happen. Our lives are filled with cause and effect... action and reaction... choices and the consequences of such. God's "plan", is for us to learn how to love each other, and love God. Free will allows us to choose to live good lives or live bad lives. The unfortunate part of that is that often the bad bleeds over to the good because of consequences, reaction and effect.
Religious belief is a human need, not a #$%$ fact. Fine as long as they don't force lies down our throats.
What idiotic comments. The existing and eternal God allowed the murder of his innocent son Jesus Christ because he was the sacrifice that enabled the rest of corrupt evil humanity to have a chance for salvation and eternal life. Your comments indicate that you fear death and you project your fear to Christians. Real Christians have lost their fear of death because they know that eternal life awaits them away from this evil and contaminated world.
I agree. I rely on facts. Not belief and faith. It seems like God does more evil than he does good. I quit believing in that fairy tale many, many years ago. I saw the light and it said there is NO God.
If you had talked with the right christians they would inform you that God gives everyone the right of choice. It is our choice to do certain things in this world and to follow God or not. Some people have the "choice" to carry out evil acts. Do I wish that this wasn't allowed, of course. It all comes down to free will. Christianity is faith based.
So? What is life? purpose? Just random? Na there's something and it sure isn't you!
Nice of you to share your misery, either your single or divorced, you feel cheated, betrayed, or both. Praying to Jesus will help, only if you ask. You need to believe, only then will you have peace.
The correct response is when Innocent people die they go to heaven, which is a much better place than where you are right now. So really God is rewarding these people.
Free will idiot! You obviously know nothing about religion so that makes you ignorant to comment on a topic you know nothing about. You would have been better off this morning placing your shoe in you mouth and sitting in a corner. Have a nice day idiot
He could have prevented you being born but he let that happen . I'd rather believe and be wrong than to not believe and be wrong . Besides it keeps me from killing people . You know , that judgment thing. Safe than sorry.
Really? Some people are so full of .......
I was just looking at amazing's photograph. I can see why others would look at the floor, he cuts such an imposing figure as a man.
are you that youtube loser that sticks bananas in his buthole?
I believe that God exists by seeing all the beauty of nature around me. However, I don't believe he is active in our lives. Possibly even in conjunction with evolution, He created the world and its people and observes what goes on. And I'm sure there are plenty of times, He shakes his head and tears stain His face when looks upon his creation.
@TAA, They walk away because they probly wanna punch your arrogant #$%$ right square in the face. This is not the time to be waving your flag of atheism and 'FORCING YOUR OPINION DOWN THE THROATS of others.
@Uhmerkin rAmen, my fellow pastafarian. More people need to get the Flying Spaghetti Monster in their lives!
there are some things in life that are out of his control. you are a very sick person.
Who are you to speak to PEOPLE like this... "At this point I must get firm with the Christian as I firmly talk to them; "Look at me when you are speaking to me, and annunciate your words." ??? You and your rediculous questions are ignorant, not the people you disrespect by speaking to them in this manner! NO HUMAN can know what their God has planned!!
the clear answer would be Free Will. God gave Free Will to man so man does evil things with it. Not even a christian and I could answer such a simple question. Also there is the theory that since God is ever knowing, his "plan" is a much bigger picture than humans can even think of.
Your leading questions don't falsify a "god". They aren't even very clever for an atheist. There could be a God that simply steps away and lets his creation go along - "it" might care, but have a basic premise to let his creations sort it out themselves. Or the "god" could be amoral…in that case there wouldn't be "innocent children" since the god would not recognize innocence vs. guilt (besides all beings are the product of billions of years of conflict, predation, and killing…that's how things evolve). The fact that some religions get this all wrong doesn't mean that there isn't a "god"…it's just that people have defined god on the basis of human personality and intensions. Nature could be "god", creation could be a "process" rather than an event.
Please, don't waste your time trying to explain the existence of God to someone like this. If they can't feel it in their very soul that there is something much bigger than this world and this existence is not the end all of everything then they in for a big surprise when they die.
There are 2 types of Atheists in the world: 1 type does not believe in god, thinks religion is dumb, but respects your right to practice whatever you want. The 2nd type does not believe in god, but also wants to belittle every person who does. There are more of us type 1's than the media portrays. :)
I am sorry for all involved. Terrible tragedy. My Aunt, Uncle and cousin lost a daughter and sister in May 2010 in Van Nuys to a horrendous car accident. 4 people in a yellow corvette. She was driving. One of the worst car wrecks in California History. The entire family will never be the same.
Amazing Atheist, The fact that you view the plane crash as an evil thing or a bad thing IS PROOF that God exists. If the human race is just a big random thing that happened, good and evil are really abstract ideas and to each his own. If good and evil don't exist, torturing babies for personal amusement is acceptable because they have no value. That isn't true of course because God's laws are in many ways written in every human heart. Atheists and Christians both know torturing babies is wrong. Whether you want to acknowledge them or not is your decision. God gives you the freedom to choose him. I hope someday you do.
Amazing atheist is just trolling for a boy friend.
Whatever is your religion, Christian, Buddhist, Jewish, Mormon, Muslim, etc,; nobody can explain how "God" allowed the tragedy like the loss of 239 lives, the tragedy of 9/11, killing six million Jews 70 years ago, etc, etc, etc . This is the sad history of mankind and in the name of religions and in the name of God", Allah, etc, etc
Maybe true Christians understand that they don't have all the answers. Trying to explain God's love is like trying to describe to an ant how a television works.
@The Amazing Atheist: I am sorry for your ignorant attitude. I am a Christian and I do not believe that "God lets things happen!!" We, the humans of the world, are responsible for what happens to us and each other. People are human….in case you have forgotten that…..and humans make errors or do terrible things to each other…..not God. I support you being an atheist, but not your outrageous ignorance!
God will take the blame, but will you also give him credit. Would not say every atheist responds one way, you need to talk to a few more Christians. Shallow view point, but valid for manny Christians, you are a religious biggit projecting your own view into others beliefs.
you are on idiot without basic education.....
Ok I'll try to ENUNCIATE my words. I DON'T HAVE TO DEFEND MY GOD TO YOU NOR WILL I TRY. SOME PEOPLE ARE ACTUALLY BELIEVERS WHICH IS PART OF HAVING FAITH. IF YOU CARE TO GO ANOTHER DIRECTION THEN GO, I'LL NOT TRY TO STOP YOU. AND I'LL LOOK FORWARD TO A BETTER LIFE WHEN I'M GONE WHICH IS MORE THAN I CAN SAY FOR YOU. SEE YOU ON THE OTHER SIDE - OR NOT.
I am not a Christian...but I find your comment to be crude and offensive. It says more about you than anyone else. You are not a kind person.
Why do you ask,why do you even want to know?Perhaps someday you'll understand the "truth" is not the same for everyone,seems you are the one searching for the "truth" I'm here to tell you,it's not lost.
then you are saying that no one should ever die, ever. OK. good for you dude, you keep on believing whatever you want, none of us will force you to believe.
If God doesn't exist, why are you so adamant and passionate about making people deny their God? Why don't you go around and dispel the thought that children believe in Santa Claus, and fairies and werewolves? For the same reason you know God exists!
You are the type that give us atheists bad names. Live and let live.
funny how people who never believe in God and that He exists start to question & blame a being whom they think do not exist or care when tragedies happen..
Your so Smart i Bet you Voted for Osama Obama!!!!!!!!!
Just because you don't understand our God doesn't mean you can chastise those who understand and believe. And you obviously haven't asked many people who understand at the fullest yet. Life on Earth is a pit stop. People have free will and God will not interfere, because waiting on the other side is Eternal Life. This world that we are in is full of evil, and the Devil often wins. But once you pass, you either have Eternal Life with God, or Eternal Hell with the Devil. If you don't believe in God, I don't mind. Keep your opinions and hate to yourself and enjoy rotting in the dirt after you die. Have a great day.
Either if God is real or not humans die, in this case by accident and its because that we're organic, we don't last forever. Its not God's fault, its just what thousands of years on this earth has taught us, that we don't last. Death is real and many people think it is a curse...but at the end of the day its our plight in life to live and then die.
You should tell them to "enunciate" their words, it would work better. Also, Winnie the Pooh IS God.
#$%$ happens - don't blame God - blame the terrorist who bombed the plane.
You spew hate. This is a terrible tragedy. Have some respect for those who are grieving
You must only associate yourself with people on a equally ignorant playing field.
I wonder how many atheists falling to their deaths do not say "oh God". You may be amazing but some day you may do the same.
The FOOL has said in his heart and on public boards: "there is no God". And, you expect answers??? Good luck with that.
If you're so amazing, why do you use this tragedy as your own personal soapbox?
PS Nice straw-man argument. Must have taken you days to come up with that one. Impressive.
How does a huge plane just disintergrate without a trace????
2 people with stolen passports?? that's what I said already.....muslims ......boeing 777 do not just fall out of the sky.....hint hint
there were two people on the Air France flight that went down off Brazil in 2009 that were on the terrorist watch list - but that turned out to be pilot error - so it is certainly suspicious that there are people flying on stolen passports but we'll have to wait and see what really happened - in the above flight it was almost 2 years before the data recorders were found and investigated
South East Asia has plenty of Al-Qaeda affiliates and there was CIA chatter mentioning bombs .
Oh, Jonathan, I'm sure that you're privy to all sorts of "CIA chatter", all right there in your mother's basement.
of coarse anyone with a access to a decent digital sw radio with using repeaters via internet can listen but you need to speak Arabic and other fork tongue.
When the govt tells the media they heard chatter of a shoe bomb , then they heard a bunch of chatter of a shoe bomb. Just prior to 9/11 there was also considerable chatter. The Muslim extremists use basic military type (from 70's-80's) radios. Walkie-Talkie type with no de-scrambling features. There are 1000's of people who listen to the chatter and there are repeaters installed to pick up chatter in and around extremists and it is transferred digitally to the internet . The newest radio tech today is already 20+ years old for military.Every time someone starts using key words their "chatter" is automatically recorded for playback. The US wrote the book on chatter and listens to all frequencies in question worldwide.
an explosion, and no one saw or heard anything? other planes were in the area surely they would have seen or heard or felt the explosion?
Who said there was an explosion ???????
the article suggests that there may have been an explosion or if there were there would be reckage. but wouldn't someone also hear it or see it?
Does this mean that Dad's are better than single guys?
Id predict that China shot it down!
We need to make flying safer.
Wrangle....This article is not about God...everytime someone mentions God, atheist like you pop up....if you don't believe in God fine that's ups to you, then why do you ask questions regarding him, do you just want an argument? I'm sick of people like you! I don't care if you believe in anything or not....leave those that do alone...Whats wrong with you people? live and let live for heaven sakes...and YES I did mention Heaven......Is that offensive to you too?
Everyone dies sooner or later. And the fact that he was a "dad" has zero to do with the story. Most every person on the planet has at least one child... in this case.... its an ADULT child.
Lame Stream Media has an AGENDA to over sensitize the sheep... helps make them enabled
Somewhere, somehow, theres a muslim extremist behind this catastrophic instant failure. (Read Explosive device).
there is NO fact of it even being a terrorist story yet.
this is critical time to lay our prayers over the same !
hopefully it was quick and painless, coming to in a pressurized or depressurizing compartment underwater is inconcievable.
Sounds like Al Quaida to me. The two stolen passports, the sudden loss of contact during cruising. Very ominous. "From the terror by day or by night, may the good Lord deliver us."
Kostas, You sound like the typical Neo Con; Pompous,Pugnacious, puerile, petty and ultimately partisan.
The two "American" kids were probably born in one of those suburb California guest houses and dont have any idea what America is. RIP to all who were in the vanished Asian"na"plane.
or they could be born to successful Chinese parents.
Yep, who can afford to pay & give birth in America.
two stolen passport is not a good sign.......................................... RIP for the 239 SOULS..........
I M ADVICE THE FAMILIES OF PHILIP WOOD TO HOLD THEM HEART FOR WHAT HAPPEN ALMIGHT GOD WILL GUIDE IS SOUL AND LIFT UP FATHER PHILIP WOOD REST IN PEACE AND ALSO GOD CONTINUES BLESSIN AMERICANS PEOPLE AMEN
SUSPICIOUS AT BEST...... not until they retrive the black box & retrive the wreckage will they ever have any real answers as to what possibly happened to bring down this state of the art Boeing 777 Lost Souls..... RIP
Wouldn't you see pieces of plan scattered over a portion of the sea by now???
Not really. Radar shows it winked out at cruising altitude. A catastrophic event (like a bomb) brought the plane to its doom at 35 angels (35,000'). Just think of fireworks... how often have you found the debris?
Maybe the 20 employees from the software/hardware firm Freescale Semiconductor knew too much... or the company had a total of 69 employees!
ok someone told me that 2 people on board were using someone else passports is this really true
lst--My heart truly goes out to those who must be in sheer Panic, Angst, Horror, Confusion,Frustration, Bewilderment, Shock Heartache and Sadness for their Loved Ones on that plane. I truly cannot imagine. And I wish I could say words that could ease any/some pain that they are all feeling right now. NOT "knowing" what happened. Not knowing where they are. Not knowing why it happened and not knowing if someone was responsible for this. This is beyond awful. What a horrible nightmare. I am so sorry. I pray that you all get some kind of answers to your questions, soon. I know this is the "internet", but still (we are ALL "connected")...sending each and everyone of you...a hug filled with Compassion and Love ((( ))). moondust
Why do some dimwits feel the need to add the words "mom" and "dad" in each of their damned articles? Half of us are pops and the other half are moms. Or at least trying all the time.
LIFE LESSON TO LEGAL AMERICANS>DEMAND FLIGHTS WITH "NO MUSLIMS!!!!!!"
God bless them all ,... Did Wood have any connection to the Clintons ?
They were SO blessed that your god crashed their plane. yeah.
Catastrophic failure/Explosion? Just asking/but couldn't a bomb in the cargo hold possibly be responsible.
wouldnt it be nice if more ex's had nice things to say about their formers. i hope they find the plane, and find out what caused it.
Condolences and prayers to all passengers,crew,their families-so sorry to hear of this tragedy. I hope for all their sakes,there was no suffering or awareness at all. With all the BS security everyone has to go throught....HOW did 2 people with STOLEN passports even make it onto that plane???? If this is the best security we can expect after all the security measures and loss of privacy and this still happens...?
Please send my condolence to Mr Wood's family and all other passengers' relatives
Anyone who remembers the space shuttle Challenger explosion will realize that it is nearly impossible for an aircraft to completely "disintegrate" without leaving any trace.
Nothing against Mr. Wood, but why is it that the first thing that concerns the media in a disaster like this is how many Americas were on board? How about the other 236 passengers? Are their lives worth any less because they are non-Americans? This type of media bias makes me sick................
All plane crashes do.....sadly. Until such time as your hunch can be verified, it is mere speculation.
yahoo holds a vandetta. they stifle free speech. i gave honor and prayers to those who died here on this flight. i excoriated those who turn this into repub hate etc.. politics this and that. i said i despised those who make this racial or ethnic or American against others. i called out the allah jerks, you know, that wonderful religion of peace. and they blocked it again. yahoo, you are run by a bunch of low lifes. now that i said this, wanna bet it gets through? or posted. apparently you cant say anything against lucifer either. the father of death. Yahoo holds him dear.
Lucifer can suck the skin off my pickle... but he doesn't exist
Perhaps you should consult a legal dictionary to look up what "free speech" entails. As the owners of this site, yahoo is the one with the right to print what they do, or don't, want to appear. If and when you start your own site, the free speech rights will rest with you.
sorry i dont argue with "fools"! nor do i answer to fools.
John... brush your teeth... I can smell the Yahoo#$%$ from here on your breath
Google and Yahoo both have double o's. Maybe a thesis for todays college kids.
What about a UFO taking out this plane??
Maybe they beamed it up and ditched the fuel as precaution. It is a "fossil fuel"
Why is it always that good, nice people die? Why didn't Hitler die in that assassination attempt? Why didn't Osama Bin Laden choke on Falafel and die?
What about Bush and the pretzel?
Did they serve snacks on this flight? --Sue
there was a seafood surprise salad..
God forgive me Pacey but I'm lmao
I pray each one of those lost have walked through the gates of heaven to be with GOD the father.
There are no gates or a god the father, both part of a fairy tale
I will pray for GOD to open your eyes, the breath you have was a gift from GOD, if you think there is no GOD you are lost but the light is just up ahead and the door is there to be knocked on and when you knock on it, the door will be open to you, just ask and it will be give freely.
Obama "share the wealth" plan went to "share your fuel", and the plane left only 1/3 full. The rest of the fuel was given to Muslims for their "peaceful" purposes.
Even a 8th grader will have better arguments than you tea party terrorists.
@Budhah: Don't waste our time by posting your comments. Go ahead keep on listening to Rushbo, Savage and Fox news. You will hear from them what you desire.
Ron,, Oknufsaid,,, Get a job, quit making working men and women pay your way.. You guys are worse than terrorist. You voted that looser in,, He is the one that spoke of education, but refuses to tell us who paid for his, and what the grades were.
As long as they didn't find anything and confirm a bad news yet.....so we still have hope that maybe the plane got stuck at somewhere and everyone is ok.
They need to look at O'Hare......I was stuck there for days
United Junction: You meant my profile pix here huh.....LOL.....anyways, thanks for the nice words.....you are too kind.....:-)
Ron: you should ask Mr. Obama to help/rescue you then.....LOL
It just goes to show. . you cannot control the security levels of other countries . .. the East is in turmoil. . . again and always will be. . so PLEASE. . STOP SENDING THEM MY MONEY!
it has to be a bomb
what the #$%$ do I get a thumbs down for that, of course it was a #$%$ bomb
drew, you should be sad. being an idiot is very sad.
Don't know what happened on board that plane, but I wouldn't be surprised if the last words those on board heard were "ALLAHU ACKBAR"
My comment is to the comment of "The Amazing Atheist" : I suppose that you are seeing yourself as a GOOD MAN ?
Agnes, if you are replying please use the "Reply" button.
First time caller, long time listener....
I believe In Miracles , how many here do too ?
I do believe in miracles. Unfortunately, this type of miracle is not one I believe will occur.......
I do not, unless Blobama and Biden were both on that plane.
So sad, I think we need to ban Islam in advanced countries, it has no place in the modern world.
Olga's got no place in the human race!!!
shut up olga. you're an idiot.
people are murdered daily for that death cult, you are okay with that? Show the true sick one is those okay with that?
Hey J Great vote total, moron!! LOL LOL LOL
Here is what I would like the airlines to publish: (1) There were four questionable passengers that boarded flight MH370. Where were these four passengers seated??? (2) There were five passengers that did not board flight MH370, and there luggage had to be removed from the flight. Where were these five passengers going to be seated. (3) Dollars to Doughnuts.....the answer to question (1) & (2)........Aisle Seats all!
Malaysia Airlines I feel are hiding something something seems off......you won't I've been to the waters where there are oil streaks for miles.....your authorities identified the yellow object as being just moss on some kind of wheel.......let the American authorities go over there and investigate. ....please
And they finally are letting us investigate.... to the two pple the thumbed me down
This article highlights my biggest fear: That my ex-wife would survive me...
and we all pray our ex hubby's get run over by buses
...so is autism. what's your point?
Actually autism is a developmental disorder.
With all the people and their family effected by this tragedy and you think it's appropriated to quote Michael Savage ? You really have mental disorder .
Whooo libs I see I got a nerve!
something will be found...it is called peace and closure. let it rest.
Wheres liam neeson when you need him?
Better BAN airplanes,they kill just as many people as firearms!
how bout u stick your firearm up your #$%$ and pull the trigger. get over it
would it be possible North Korea's missile did it?
Yes, or a Chinese mistake attack since they've been paranoid about the China sea and been expanding their self -appointed "security zone"...
I believe this was a terrorist act...that's just my opinion..
it is an opinion, but it is a guess.
Two others with American passports?? Jason, I cannot believe I read what you wrote. They may have Chinese family names but they are Americans. Are you out of your mind??
Really…showing pictures already of the casualties….It's just weird that we have evolved to this.
WHY DO WE NOT HAVE THE TECHNOLOGY TO HAVE THIS PLANE FOUND ALREADY ???
Uncle Obama spent the R&D money.
The news will lag behind actual events. If they tell you they found it then you will be clamoring to know what happened and why it's taking so long to tell you. Much like what you are doing now....
I do not fly this is why!
Wood would still be alive if obama kept jobs in the States. This Monkey approves this message. FU B.O.
It's because of idiots like you that he has had to move jobs out of the States.
Yes. People like Big Dirty lack the skills and education to compete in the modern economy.
Are there not cameras of passengers boarding the plane (as when the terrorists boarded planes 9/11) .... to see who those persons are who are purporting to be the persons on the stolen passports??????
I don't think there has been anything yet to indicate this was terrorism. What is your source for these theories?
I didn't say it was terrorism ...... I'm just asking if there were cameras of passengers boarding the plane?? They had cameras of passengers boarding the flights involved in the 9/11 crashes.
Yes!! "A U.S. official told Fox News that a key priority is clarifying the status of the passports, whether they were lost or stolen, and determining through airport security screening and video who exactly got on the flight under those names."
Down thumb if you think a Muslim did it. Up thumb if you think it was an accident that a Muslim caused. No thumb if you are going to burn in hell. Reply if you're homosexual.
I'm really enjoying the fart that I just blasted ...... it smells like victory ........ see what I did there ?
So sorry to hear this. I hope they find out what happened.
Flying tomorrow, so I can't do that.
I'm with you, John. They scare me stupid. I know the numbers, but I hate not having some measure of control. I hope like crazy that there are survivors, but this does not look good.
Flying is safer then driving and yes I will fly again soon.
What makes air travel unsafe is not the planes, it is the muslim that was let to board the plane with a bomb.
Just ban all international flights for Americans and Muslims
Two passengers where on the plane with stolen passports. The passports were stolen a year agon in Thailand. They are saying here it looks very sus
is quiet a petty, i pray God delivers them
Those that move off the grid, do so for a reason.
A UFO abducted the plane.Only plausable explanation!! Must have been china's bermuda triangle.
oil slick in texas--are Mexican---crossing to usa---by river
When a Jet goes down you lose consciousness, Unless it's a "soft" landing in field or ocean, etc.
Oh no you don't. As the daughter of a career Naval aviator I could share stories that would make you realize how wrong you are. It can take over a minute or longer depending on many factors. Some die from heart attacks. Others live the longest and last minute of their lives in absolute terror. Not a great way to die, as if there are any.
So very, very sad. God rest their souls.
I agree Barb, why would anyone thumb down your comment???
Yahoo itself mentioned the Egypt Air flight 990 which was crashed by the Co-Pilot himself off the U.S. East coast. He was chanting muslim prayers. Malaysia is Chalk FULL of Islamics of the most virulent and violent sort.
Sadness, nothing else to say.....I wish them all in peace, along with their families.
that's right....the plan didn't go as planned . simple some thing stopped it from its intention...wonder what that was? some force of nature I guess.........................Happy Sunday don't forget to pray today.
China shot it down....they declared their ADIZ....and the plane overlapped.
What about Nicole and Yan? The other "Americans" on board the plane.
I wonder if Ted Striker was one of the guys with a stolen passport ?
The North Koreans have been testing long range missiles.
Yeah and weapons have been used in war.
Today's people want privacy so they post to social media. LMAO!!
they wer abducted by an unknown species from other dimension ...and now it makes me wonder what are they gonna do with the 239 passengers. perhaps they created a new world called paradise, and is now on beta version.. lucky people ^^
If they would have had one more passenger which would make 240 (too farty) and they would have stayed away from the plane.
This president is soo weak he had started a new cold war!! HE is a discrace to this country! I bet he wears a dress under his suit!! A real panzy!!!
Go @#$% yourself, even Jesus hates you.
I'll bet you see a psychiatrist. If you don't, you need to!
How did Chinese embassy/consulate issue visas or permits on cancelled passports? Stolen passports are cancelled and these are reflected in all the systems of embassies/consulates/airport/police etc.
@Missy..so you mean visas can be pasted on cancelled European passports????
Maybe Babyfart McGeezax hijacked the plane and took them back to his home planet. Seeeeee
Russian reporting that 20 Americans were on board aircraft from Freescale Semiconductor company Yahoo needs to tell Americans truth
Truth? You mean Russian anti-western propaganda?
Russian reporting? you mean, Putin propaganda.
I hope he removed his Ex-Wife from the life insurance policy.
why? so she couldnt raise his children without financial pressures?
she obviously didnt like him and so divorced him. She is out there posting messages in facebook over her ex husbands demise.
you are a sad soul, ron amazing how you know the innermost feelings of complete stangers. idiot
No theories can explain this except for the theory that this had something to do with aliens
No theories can explain this? Except aliens are your theory. Do you wear tin foil hats.
kim jong is admitting responsibility for plane crash
Stolen passports , plane took off from Malaysia , I wonder what Terror group did this hmmmmmmm???????
...Heeeeeyyyy,....GUYS...HELLLLLOOOOOOOO...I RELLY DON'T UNDERSTAND YOU...!?!...Why are you talking about THE PASSANGERS - from the - MISSING MALAYSIA AIRLINES FLIGHT MH370, IN THE -"PAST TENSE"...AND...SENDING TO THEIR FAMILIES...A...-..."CONDOLENCES"... ???...WHO DID EVER - "CONFIRM"...ANY "CRASH SITE"...OR..."DEATHS"...?... ...WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU...!?!...COME ON...LET'S SHOW, "LITTLE" - MORE F.A.I.T.H. AND - THE OPTIMISM...!!!...
We appreciate your optimism, however even if the engines just stopped at 35,000 feet they would have been able to glide for almost 40 minutes. They would have had a chance to get out a call Sometimes you just have to face reality and the reality is. It does not look good
Dusan sure picked the wrong day to quit sniffing glue!
The plane crashed dufus, they are all dead! Has nothing to do with "optimism", has to do with facts!
...How do you know - "that","Tom"...?!...And you Ms. "Grayhound"...Stop trying - being - "smarty"......'cause - you're not...!!!...Better take care of yourself and - wat's you're "sniffing"...(...Lol...!!!...)...
...I think Dusan has been smoking too much Owe-Boma Rocky Mountain Gold.....
Dusan, SIGH! There is no hope for you!
as i know used other people passport is normal so call jump country to work ! this is no TR . If TR sure can be detected
“Philip Wood was a wonderful man,” "Was", way to give up hope lady....
She means he was wonderful up until 2003, after that he was a real prique.
You guys give me thumbs down for being optimistic and giving a shred of hope that he might be alive....
I thought the same. Maybe she gets a share of the life insurance. LOL
I have known Phil since he came to the IBM branch office in a "return to the field" initiative which was over 25 years ago. My condolences to his family.
We should all try to live as if this is all we are going to have while letting our loved ones know we loved them.
You know what i think happen to those people on that plane ,i think they were hijacked by some people in that area ,those planes just dont dissapear for no reason in a radar system ,thats what i think happen to that plane,i mean i hope not .
what's that? an American was on board? well that's news!
You know I heard it on the tv, I heard it on the train, if you wanna get to Heaven, you got to raise a little Hell...
To everyone saying the plane blew up in mid air... if that happened there would be plenty of debris everywhere floating on the surface. They would have way more than just oil streaks in the water.
i get that we're in america & all but i find it funny how americans don't seem to give two sh(it)s about anyone who isn't american.
It's not stupid. The comment is true,
yeah because if you read the comments on here, there aren't any saying how all muslims should die etc.....it's pretty obvious that people only care about themselves or their own. there are different people who care about everybody but if you look around, me, there are plenty of people who could care less. you must pick and choose what you wanna read....
selfishness is definitely part of this "human interaction" that you speak of. there are people in general, who are just selfish and yahoo brings that quality out in a lot of people because they're hiding behind a yahoo profile name. not everyone is as nice and as thoughtful as you are lmao.
even in the real world listening to some people talk, it just blows my mind. they don't care if every person, animal, and plant ceases to exist as long as the world around them doesn't look any different. i'm not talking about you, just some of the people that i've had the unfortunate opportunity to listen to.
shut up wumao, have some decency for once in your pathetic life
look at it from whatever angle you wanna but there's billions of people in this world and 300 million in america...if you think what you said is speaking for every single person living in this country then you better take a look around
If there were French, Japanese or any other nationality on the plane, their country's press would also focus on that.
2 stolen passports. Who used these stolen passports? Whose passports were actually stolen?
@j ose the god of the old testament would tell you to stone people even your family members if they worked on sabbath...."god" killed millions of people, children, and infants.I'd say the original christian "god" ( before the "new" testament ) was a psychotic/genocidal/control freak , only a blind and deaf person couldn't comprehend.....westboro baptist church (as disgusting as they are) are the true christians. You just follow the the subtle brainwashing version.....oh "god" is not real....and neither is santa or the easter bunny! hate to break to you like that. I guess from here we can only hope to move on with our lives and learn to use logic and reason :)
Just seems so odd there was no mayday call..and there seems to be no debris..nothing on the surface that is/was burning..like in the Ny to Paris plane crash..debris..fire..all over the surface. My heart goes out to each and every family member..just awful
They should use sonar to look for the plane. Dont get me wrong I am no expert, but I just havnt heard of that used yet.
You people are hopeless with your stupid comments.
Didn't you know that people on this board are DEVILS? They have no feelings because they have no souls. They are mean and hopeless, a bunch of ignorant idiots.
Hillary Clinton 2016!!!! Save America from that stupid constitution!!! Disarm America Now!!!
so sorry for the losses.... if it was terrorism that is aweful and we need to find out who was behind the master plan
How did 2 people get on board with stolen passports
Oh #$%$ american MIA send in the troops!
Too bad 0'13UNGHOLE and Pelosi weren't on board.
Oh Honey.. you set yourself up... too bad YOU weren't on board.
I would bought Salamanca a first class ticket had I known this would happen!
This sounds like a plot to kill the Malaysian prime minister
it was Hi jacked or shot down by the China
Was he traveling with Phil McCracken?
My life was spared by God in the July 6 crash at SFO. I pray for these 239 people on board flight MH370. Both were Boeing 777, and both crashed on the same day of the week, Saturday. All "7's". I thought 7 was a lucky number.
May his soul rest in peace.
a balless president, yes he is ballesss
What does that have to do with anything? Are you a idiot?
o believe me paul has peace and all the quiet he can handle
Fkin China shot this plane down, mistaken US spy plane.
I also think that is a very real possibility...
I would have been saying praise Jesus all the way down.
Wouldn't of done you any good, tho. You'd still be dead...gone...poof....no more! Just a drop in the ocean!
Do we have to worry about every plane?
WE don't have to worry about any plane... unless you are soft, weak and liberal. Then Boo-whoooooo
Muslims should be banned from all types of transportation.
We got the bubble headed bleach blonde who comes on at five. She can tell you 'bout the plane crash with a gleam in her eye. It's interesting when people die. Give us dirty laundry. Can we film the operation? Is the head dead yet? You know, the boys in the newsroom got a running bet. Get the widow on the set! We need dirty laundry.
The Liberals war on women is in full swing today.
Ray, it's the lyrics from "Dirty Laundry" by Don Henley.
Might be some job openings soon
Modern aircraft do not undergo dis-assembly @35,000' without help from an unnamed source.
It seems you stopped. But here have so many files we can not open to read. So maybe you have informations but we don't know well.
well they say the water is not so deep has were other planes went down so the plane my not be that far down in the water
The Lord is my shepherd, I lack nothing. He makes me lie down in green pastures,he leads me beside quiet waters, he refreshes my soul. He guides me along the right paths for his name’s sake. Even though I walk through the darkest valley, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff,they comfort me.
Wood’s ex-wife said "it's ironic...I divorced him because he travelled too much"
ge971, hope you have a soul somewere.
I hope and pray for the families May there been a good outcome .To the family you are in my Deep Prayer
Everybody the Families don't need Neglect comment right now They need our Prayer and Postive Thinking
we cant rule out any thing right now until we find the plane and investigate all facts but a hearts go out to all sorry for ur lost my they rip
We never know what happened to flightMH370 I just hope they could find their bodies for closure God bless them and their family
Yahoo hopes to hook readers with "American" in headline. Most people are more concerned the other 238 people.
IBM is so eighties, i didnt know they were still in buisness. prayers to the family.
Does anyone know how often oil spills are seen in the ocean?
sure, but when they talk about oil slicks with a plane, they really mean fuel-slicks, and this one apparently rolled like a jet-fuel slick.
Stolen passports...so what! Regardless of that, isn't there security to prevent any kind of explosives onboard? I guess not!
not always if you fly an airline a lot (15+ times) sometimes you get to go thru the short line for vip' u get to pass a less sec. machine as you get to keep coat/shoes on. and are allowed to keep liquids in your bags without having them checked.
4 and 2? Nothing sucks like that.
Can't they send under water search teams to the area and check it out under the sea.? How many feet deep is that area.? Maybe, someone don't want it found and why it crashed. ? Everyone wants answers.
umm, first you would tend to check for signs on the surface, before going Jacques Cousteau on the #$%$ job. A full explanation is likely days, weeks, months off.
How long does it take to lower a camera into the sea .?
There are few words of comfort. I expect that Philip is now with our Lord, and based on what little we know at this time, it seems no one the plane suffered long - if at all. -. R.I.P...
with so many questions in these uncertain times, mind if i suggest a discovery... a playlist of comforting songs posted by wjm34 on utube (not recent)... think its an sda station, but just that, comforting is my word,.. for songs like He will carry you, On my knees, God and God alone.
I wish the family peace.please be strong
it could be a plane from Air al-Quieda and there would still be an American on it
such a shame, my condolences. Always a #$%$ shoot when flying zipperhead airlines
Good GOD almighty will help them
You Never Know,,, When Your Time Is Over,,, RIP
what ever it must have been all of a sudden not distress call has been reported that I have heard about
I think we can well assume that islamic terrorists have struck again.
I have see many using "high rate of speed" and always felt it should be just "high speed". Please correct me if I am wrong. Physics is one of my many weak areas. Perhaps "high rate of covering distance" is a better substitute.
Or simplify it further. The plane was going fast.
Yes, Malaysia is a Muslim-majority nation. What of it?
Does it make a difference where that person is from ?
HE is the Father of America? We need him back ASAP; he needs to spank some sense into its people. Yahoo will use any twist of words to get its stories read........
hope they find him to bring him home
How about forcing every Zionist on this planet into a 777 that's remote-controlled to nose-dive into the middle of the Atlantic Ocean?
Why can't you people STOP blaming Jews for everything that YOU don't or can't take care of? Because you are cowards, no brain dead cowards
Hillary is probably saying, "What does it matter?"
Wow, you teabaggers are really in a panic, aren't you? LOL! Love it!!!!! Get ready to say, Madam President!!!!
Kiss Koch and Putin's rear Sicko
To nabil way down below: Islam doesn't mean peace it means submission. You folks, as in other mainstream cults, are allowed to lie to further your 'faith'. Most religion is cult, it's a bunch of mule muffins and worse. It warps peoples' minds and turns them evil. "You cannot petition the lord with prayer! - Morrison. That's right, she's busy. Oh, you Xtians say gawd is a he? That's not what she told me!
Where is the debris its only an oil slick?
Some things on an aircraft are buoyant but these are in tiny shreds, some sunk very deep anyway. it probably hit at 450 nauts, what was left of it after the ?? at 35K feet.
"Facebook quickly flooded with *friend's* condolences." LOL Humans are insects.
With the streaks of oil found, sadly, there is a good chance the plane is sinking to the bottom of the ocean...Prayers to all those involved
Old Nat'l Lampoon thing, like a headline in the future from anytown USA: "Local man feared missing in NYC 2 Megaton airburst in yesterday's start of WW 3".
bummer if the jobs were not sent over seas for cheap labor he would be alive…oh well
Lots of old men go there for fun times from what I hear on the ground.
Some people have no compassion for anyone but themselves. Why did you have to even comment if it was going to be something so offensive.
Mr. Woods seems shady to me. Something is up there!!!!
Why would you say that? I might be a little more suspicious of the pilots. Did you see their names? And the fact that no one got a mayday???
Can they id the 2 that used stolen passport?
No, because they had STOLEN PASSPORTS.
Anyone find out if the pilot radioed some information concerning any problems ?
Yes, earlier he complained that the roast beef was stale and coffee was cold
Hey look, the captain and co-pilot are running out of the cabin on fire... Ladies and gentleman please remain calm. ValuJet Flight 592
what a sad story . and whats with all the wingnut comments
Wingnut comments – we can take solace in the fact that Yahoo posters are not necessarily a true cross-section, representation of the populace.
This is what happens when foreign countries are flying our OLD metal stressed aircraft!
Hope not a terrorist act. They're on the run. LOL!
great another murdering #$%$ killing rampage starting. we should of turned their damned country into one huge #$%$ gl#$%$ ashtray already.
Elaine Wood: "Soooooooo glad that #$%$ is dead... Wait a mintue, is this a HOT mike?!"
Go back to sucking your donkey off
You are rude and obnoxious and have no sensitivity at all. I feel sorry for you. You must be miserable.
They are all human being in the air plane .
Really??? And here I thought they were all centaur's.
this is just a sad occurrence for everyone involved including the now tarnished 777 Show some respect all you trolls posting on this.
Please tell me about the two children as well. Thank you.
Were any passengers members of the JBS or other patriot group?
He's a citizen of the United States of America. A Canadian, Costa Rican, and Brazilian can be an "American." Remember North America, Central America, and South America? Fifth grade geography.
Being reported plane entered another dimention
price to pay for outsourcing jobs
They're squid food now. Some large squid somewhere is picking his teeth right about now.
I guess it's an ill-wind which blows noone any good. Squids are cute, anyway.
Jesus was there, with open arms.
Where is he? I want to meet him....
Well that will teach him for working in China .
Wow! never mind the other 238 on the flight, one American was died. What a sad story!
1 American is worth 238 of any other nationality, any day.
They are saying now that it may have ran out of coal.
The rubber bands that run the engines may not have been twisted tight enough.
no mater what u are doing if it is ur time to die u going to die
looks like IBM has a job opening for an executive! Economy is definatley improving!
Two Chinese kids with American passports
Chinese anchor babies are usually more wealthy than an average an American
They are usually brats. But many of them will drive a car that worth more than your house.
Now you are being a a racist fuchead
@Liz Clivk, F-U #$%$, I'm Asian and I'm both RICH and WEALTHY, you just couldn't handle the truth, Remember Virginia Tech, yes 1 freaking Asian (all alone) kill 33 with precision hand gun skill. Most ever killed in America by one person at any school, Yes, ASIAN, so don't ever debate about ASIANS, we smarter than you, word to yo motha
The two Chinese kids were great musicians, already worked for Google, and could beat other kids in spelling bees.
Chrissy and bill you are both pathetic human beings. People have died. Have some respect. It's about people not nationalities.
All women are different, all ex-wives are the same.
Weren't there some other people on that plane?
No. Of course not. If there were, the ex wife of the person featured would have mentioned that... since she would have had strong ties to each person on board. /sarcasm/
There is not one mention of the 220 odd non-americans who perished on this flight in this article which begs the question.....if a plane full of people crashes into the ocean with total loss of life but no americans are aboard, is it newsworthy to americans?
Because this particular story is about Mr. Wood having been identified by his former wife. There are other news items about this crash that mention other passengers.
Two other passengers because they are americans as well. No mention of the other 220+ passengers.
The omission of the mention of victims other than americans is an indication that the article's author is not concerned with those victims.
This is nitpicking. Probably haven't released all names yet. Dayum....it is about a man being identified as being on the dayum plane.
It's poor writing and insulting to the reader.
The first rule of writing is know your audience. The way this article is written, it presumes its audience doesn't care about the victims that aren't americans because there is no mention of them.
I came here thinking the righteous, religious people would be talking about condolences to the families of the lost.....and what not...in the words of their God....but instead they're talking about that puppet Obama...
I am posting this from the future. My name is Jack, the plane crashed on this insane island. There are polar bears and sh$(). Please send help. And condoms and beer.
Sounds as though the majority of the victims were bible thumpers. A lot of prayers unanswered I'm sure. What! again?
What an ignorant, mean and reprehensible post.
Welcome to the real world Mark. Prayers are like dust in the wind. Take it from a true non believer.
Richard... I dont care about your religious views. But your heartless comments and arrogance makes you a bad citizen.
Served in two wars pal, been paying taxes for 72 years. Raised 5 wonderful children, Never, ever took subsidies. Don't try to tell me that religion is not the downfall of our species.
this has the stink of muslims all over it.....that greezy, slimeball smell
Please don't speculate...just pray for the souls lost.
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest the prophets armpits.
So sad .... the U.S. sent a warning out a month ago or so that there might be the chance of a terrorist attack on a plane .... remember the memo made the news a few weeks back.
Isn't China having terroists problems now??? I hope the hell noone planted a bomb on the plane which caused it to go down in Vietnam....of course, I just saw the movie Non Stop with Liam Neeson so I am getting paranoid about this. Sorry....
Don't worry family all they will be back back after 20 years so call ( Twilight Zone ) when there back you family member will be older then them ..... just wait for the time to come .
any one on the plane opposed to Obama? i would not put it past him to take out a plane full of people to cover something up or silence a detractor.
Don't know.....just wait and see what Infowars runs on this story. I'm sure they can find some kind of angle even if they have to make it up
with no mayday went down way too fast there can only be one reason
Thank God there are Americans on board....the story was apparently meaningless before they "id'd" them as part of the passenger list. The media is a sick dog. What kind of headline is that? Oh, my God, there are Americans on board....ooooohhhh, aaaaahhhh did you hear? Now it REALLY matters.
This story was on the news a few days ago as soon as it happened, numerous times also, they literally just posted the info about the American today. Why they would post confirmation of an American being on there seems kind of pointless to me, but it's media, they're always looking to start [s[h[i[t. The story mattered just as much 2 or 3 or 4 days ago when the event actually happened, don't get your panties in a twist.
Tragic! All I can say is that, I couldn't be paid enough money to get on any puddle jumper.................
Boeing 777 isn't a puddle jumper.
239 people, 3 Americans...and that somehow makes it worse?
WE SHOULD NEVER WENT INTO IRAQ THIS WILL NEVER QUIT HAPPENING THE REBULICAN STARTED WORLD WAR 3
Terrorism is not the brain child of s single country. It is a "state" without borders. Think and read. Better to appear ignorant or just stupid, than to open your mouth and remove all doubt.
I dont like that wood guy sounds like zuckerduesch, the kids must be in the business off giving birth in america to take over later loophole
Maybe the 2 muslim pilots did a allah akbar deal with the plane and rammed it head first into the sea bed. I don't not want to be on a plane with muslims, yet alone having them for my pilot! F that. Don't be fooled with their bs of "religion of peace" hahahah
Unfortunately Muslims are everywhere on planes, busses and automobile. They supply some of the gas you use. May be you should stay home and not use any gas if that is how you feel about them.
not all muslim like that idiot. just like other religions..ie christian who beat themselves up and even so called love religion but yet racist and kills jews and blacks. also jews who thinks they are all are going to heaven and free to kill everyone...
very fishy. gotta be a bomb. either that, or the experienced pilot and crew were having some fun with the stewardesses and didn't notice a loss in altitude.
What type of wood doesn't float?
Please take the flag off your avatar, you are obviously not an American
You are an a Hole La Roi, but I'll admit to chuckling at that one
it would be funny to see you gangraped
No, I'm chuckling at you showing your age
Sorry Silky, that's amateur. Plus my woody floats in the tub for hours
Rape isn't funny, unless it's Porky the Pig raping Elmer Fud.
Why do bad things have to happen to so many innocent people when there are plenty liberal athiest leftists out there that can take their place? Very sad....
Spoken with the evilness of a true Christian. You are one sick dude.
Yea, too bad you and your family weren't on board.
Sorry, Libturds... You're just not worth having around...
Malaysia IS a muslim country you do have to wonder.
Yes, he was such a "great person" that she divorced him, took half, and took his kids away from him.
Very sad.l pray God Bless everyone
Forget the odds. "Things happen", and we should never loose "Hope". People do survive these events, and I doubt if the aircraft was flying at 35,000 ft, before traffic control lost contact.
Yahoo (ATT) needs to close this comment site down, It's dangerous to give all of the sick-os a voice. It's not good. Shut this comment thing down, and let the sick-os talk to their dog, cats, walls, or their spouses. God, bless all of the above mentioned.
Dude you and yours are the reason they need to shut it down.
We pray that God's will be done,the families to stay firm as we wait for the out come of the search team.
wheres daniel and abendegos comments meshack?
Crying my eyes out wow this is so sad
@TeamUSA why are you crying? Did you have a family member aboard the jet? I admit this is terrible for the families and I feel bad for them and it's too bad that this happened, but crying your eyes out? Why?
IBM will move back here , it's too dangerous over there
No way. They are paying SLAVE wages to the workers worldwide and the EU countries have such strong labor laws they cannot get rid of the staff there. You have to have spent a career to knwo IBM. It is no where near what it used to be. As a retiree I get my check every month but trust me... they will figure out a way to cut it off. That poor guy lost his defined benefit pension plan in 1999. He was not 40 yet so they took his pension.
If you want peace and quiet right now then Shut you pie hole and do not talk to any reporters.
Love and prayers for the family, nothing will ease the pain of his loss. I just hope it wasn't because of some bunch of terrorists who misguidely think they're doing this for God/Allah. No body does this for God, because if God wanted it done.............He can do it himself, he doesn't need a bunch of hairy neanderthals to do it for him.
Why do these idiots visit the third world countries???
To better bring into clear focus the priceless gem that was the ORIGINAL "America."
Why didnt your mother coathanger you
To get out of this third world country
maybe they felt nothing.....its the best way
Now Wood’s ex-wife has said he was a wonderful man - wow. Why they haven't been together? Does she wants to become renowned?
Different Joanna replying here: There ARE people who get divorced and still stay amicable. She can say positive things for a missing person (they are still family) without looking to be in the limelight.
To both Joanna: did they stop having sex? HAHAHAHAHA
Maybe it's one of those GEORGE BUSH'S LIZARD HUMANS that escaped from Prison Camps. Hisss.....Slurp... slurp..... Hisssss........ Must lick BARBAR's HOLES. slurp.... slurp......
Very sad to hear,my condolence to the families.
you lose an hour sleep tonight due to daylight savings time. go to bed.
Praying for everyone involved. This is heart wrenching.
no not by america, but by GOD ALMIGHTY
my prayers are with all the passengers...never give up,still looking forward to good news..
the plane involved had a wing tip that was damaged 2 years previous ... during a taxi ...it's wingtip struck a vertical stabilizer
"Tell Vladimir I will have more flexibility after my election" To which Putin's 2nd in command replied "I will tell him, we stand with you"
I understand Phil has Blue eyes. One blew this way and one blew that way...........
Does that say awesome troll underneath those little symbols?? Why thanks Mark!!!
It's too bad that all of you American businessmen who work overseas don't go missing.
too bad your mother didn't use birth control.
Too bad your mother was impregnated by a 'john', Katie.
What about the two stolen passports that were used? Hopefully, these were just "low level" type people trying to live someone else's life. But what if it's something darker?
You girows get out! No twerking in (o(kpit! I say, NO TWERKING! Get off control panow, I can't see... AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
Not appropriate-thiink of those who lost friends and family and what they are going through, not to mention the people who have died tragically.
Where's your sense of humor, Barb?
No matter what it was we will be told something else.
maybe they are lost on some island somewhere
YES, they are having tea with Amelia.
ALL MUSLIMS FLY TOGETHER WITH A MUSLIM PILOT-THAT WAY NO LOSS!!!
Philip Wood is a wonderful man, but I divorced him anyway !
Missing plane..... MAYBE LIBERALS MASTERBATE TOO HARD ON FLIGHTRADAR24 TOO DAMN HARD!!!
the state religion is Islam. just saying
Bet oblamo is getting ready to draw another Red Line when he comes back from vacation...? Watchya Think...? lol
think you are a tea turd. People like you drove away most of the minorities away from Republican party.
Poor TEAbags....they're still having a shutdown meltdown.
should headline be businessman father means works in church lol hard to think why he is father is important many father on plane why this guy special
yo kenny baby i thought 3 american died anyway i dont care all people count american is not special americans are hated around the world just as much as chinese japaese u fruitcake
Looks like his Thailand sex tour of underage ladyboy prostitutes just got cancelled. Hope he can get his money back!! LMFAO !!!
THIS PLANE HAS BEEN STOLEN, AND OR ALIENS HAVE TAKEN IT!!! IRAN IS PUTTING A NUCLEAR WARHEAD ON IT AND I HOPE IT LANDS ON YOBAMAS HEAD!!!
His end was destined in South China Seas I suppose there was no time to panic or assessing one's life..
So let see here...three AMERICANS in the plan ..two are little cute kids but Asian and a white guy, who should we write about??? ppl get your head out of the gutter. really YAHOO????
Wow. So far everyone that has commented is a republican doosh.
Liberals aren't known for their intelligence.
Amazing how you can tell someone's political affiliation from a NON political story
If you're going to offend people do it correctly. It's douche!
Actually Liberals are known for their intelligence. They don't have to open the bible to make an argument.
yahoo has always been a cesspool of uneducated,ignorant red state voters. i get on here for a laugh at how crazy these right wingers are
We're republicans dooshes? Well since a keyboard warrior said it, all of a sudden it's true :/
I wish, you and people with thumb up for your comment would have been on that plane.
It's how it is. The nature of Yahoo commenting is never neutral and to always be politics infused. Don't get mad at a dog for barking.
Another pathetic liberal lowlife repsonds to tragedy. Pathetic POS!
Please just shut the #$%$ up.
@ Dave- I noticed that too!
Gavin: One question and not a hard one either? What grade of elementary school did you flunk out of? Still in your mama's trailer or garage huh? You do know that you have spell check right?
Gavin, Does you commit include you also ?
LOL I thought they were all Democrat Douches
@gavin,, you are a true POS
Idk if you guys saw the first few comments on here, but they were stating either some dumb right wing political #$%$, or saying "Yeah #$%$ everybody else, their was a white person on board who is more important than everybody else."
And for some like it hot, it was 4th grade. That was a tough year for me. But since then I have graduated from Mom's garage and moved into the basement. This has been a big year for me. Still working on that first kiss with a girl though. Not gonna be a 37 year old virgin!!!! Fingers crossed!
More liberal hate, or is that what you call love? Yes the name calling party of hate, the democrat party.
its not beyond reason to take out whole jet liner to kill one man, the US has done it several times
TWA flight 800 stinks to high heaven........i never believed that story
What are you basing that on?
It was the Mega Shark that got them. LOL. They have a habit of grabbing planes out of the sky.
Is that one of Obama's lines ? Looks like all you have to do to find that Jet is follow it !
What do you mean by Huh ? I wrote it I did not say it ! There's nothing to hear ! You read it ! If your blind someone might read it to you then you might not hear them but that's not my problem . You need to have them speak up !
Hey, WhtsUrPt, I take it you were not one of the many thumbs up, having said that, it is never without distinction that mentally moronic people start sentences with acalaids, like, "Hey d-bag." Is that all ya got ? numb nts.
What poor taste and how unkind to mention someone who is totally unrelated. Even if his troubles were brought on by himself, they have brought their own unhappiness and mention here is totally uncalled for.
Or maybe. The plane hit some thing. like water.
So Asians aren't just bad drivers....they are bad pilots, too.
" a longtime IBM executive" - ah. things are starting to come into focus....
"God" up to his murderous ways again
Hmm yes, Allah sure is up to his old tricks again! Idiot.
Islam is a religion of peace, there are a few that think otherwise but please don't blame our religion
Oh well. We all gotta go sometime. Just that some of us have sooner expiration dates than others do.
"odds are not in his favor but miracles do occur".... hmmm...
Everytime a IBM employee dies, we tap a keg.
We will tap one when you die. D bags are not needed ever.
In addition to not having a pension from IBM they also will not have to match his 401K for 2014 since they do not match it for the year unless you are working after 12/8/14. Forget any bonus either as he was not on record as of 3/15.
very sad prayer for all those people
Praying for everyone in that plane
It's pretty obvious this plane was shot down by an anti-aircraft weapon.
Yes, then everyone and everything in it was sucked into the Bermuda triangle
If they survived whatever happened up there, as soon as they hit the water, they began drinking jet fuel...yuck
Lots of happy sharks in that part of the ocean for the next couple of days. --Curtis
WHAT'S TAKING SO LONG TO CHECK OUT THE AREA WHERE THE OIL IS.
Why don't you call them and ask them since you're so experienced on theses types of things?
Middle aged White guys vacationing in South East Asia....mostly pedo looking for pubescent Asian girls or boys for cheap. It's called sex tours.
Ummm yeah...he was living there for work.
He worked in Beijing....and went for quick weekend fun with the kiddies in Malaysia.
I wonder why the two children from the United States was on that plane ? The news said there was three people from the United States on this plane so who was in charge of the two year old and the four year old ? How could a parent put their babies on a plane and then walk away .
Doc, maybe the parents were Chinese but their children were born in the US. This would make the children US citizens.
yes they would not care u think the blacks in chinaman in them cares about the white americans hell no
all Islam countries contain terrorists reside there. Please dont visit any Islam countries period...even fly Islam airlines that contain muslim pillot(s) and engineer(s) to plan commit suicide on airplanes.
Mossad Black Ops/jews using Goyim for missile practice!
the fish are happy. at least the bottom feeders
They went for the 20 americans on board...The rest was collateral damage...It's not easy being popular.
WHY THE FK WOULD ANY AMERICAN WANT TO TRAVEL TO THAT FILTHY FN SLANT CESSPOOL
Could still be alive. The plane could've gone into a vortex.
I am so profoundly disappointed that it was not Jay Nashban.
kinda like Im disappointed it wasnt you, Uncle
We call him Jay Trashcan here in Hong Kong.
yup...shot down in the air. who the heck would want to move from the US to East Asia? The big paycheck isn't worth living in a cesspool.
Just wondering kathleen,have you ever been in East Asia? Or are you just talking out your cesspool mouth?
Look forward to it because that is what this country is turning into every day.
How incredibly insensitive at a time like this.
But your humor and intelligence sinks to the bottom.
Its all funny games and jokes....until its a "White American" then we're "incredibly insensitive" don't believe me? Look at the Asiana Airline flight that crashed in San Francisco.
he is not chinese so the sharks wont eat him with choppysticks
The pilots names are Zaharie Ahmad Shah & Fariq Ab.Hamid. Anything else you need to know to solve this mystery?
OBAMA GAY BRO (HE NEEDED TO DISAPPEAR) OR HILLARY ENEMY ON BOARD???
NEVER FLY WITH MUSLIMS-AMERICANS-DEMAND NO MUSLIM FLIGHTS!!!!
RIP..so sad for all those lost and their loved ones..
Guess it is Bush's fault you're stupid.
but then we got people that thinks china needs to live over here
Maybe a drone went off course.
he's a father? why is he living half way around the world if he has kids.
He's a divorced father....and the story did not disclose the age of his children. For all we know, they are adults. Are you still living with your parents?
He was 50. I am curious about the children with American passports....his? maybe.
If it went down in the Ocean and with a name like Wood, shouldn't he float?
Typical reaction from a low information Obama voter
I didn't vote for that Obamanation.
THIS PLANE HAS BEEN STOLEN, AND OR ALIENS HAVE TAKEN IT!!!
looks like he's not the only american identified, but the only white american on that plane.
Typical EX spouse--trying to glom onto a disaster that happened to someone they used to be married to so they can get some attention. Pathetic.
The 2 children ages 4 and 2 , where are their parents ??
The parents where on the plane, they were not American citizens.
Maybe im missing something, but why are there 2 kids, age 2 and 4, apparently of oriental origin , by their last names, 2 out of the only 3 with American passports??? With one of the 3 being identified as Mr. Wood, where were their parents, guardians, etc. Notice the article doesn't say American citizens, but "with American passports" ????
Inside job, right off the bat.
NO MORE MUSLIMS SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO FLY WITH LEGAL AMERICANS!!
Let's just hope the captain was not Sum Ting Wong again
and hopefully, the co pilot was not Wi Tu Lo again.
Lost and landed in the Himalayan region???Sad and Regrettable!!.
there are two other Americans and they were young children, although they were ethnically Asian because their names were Zhang and something else
239 people dead and an IBM exec gets his own pre-obit. Hmm. Just Yahoo! trolling for page views I guess. Nice work Jason Sickles.
Let's try to find the plane before we declare that all are gone. It is possible some people are alive! Don't give up on the people try to find the plane first!
Pray to Neptune, God of the Sea to Mr. Wood SAFE!!!
You guys don't know he is dead, why give up?
1. I hope those knife wielding psychos on the Train are not involve. 2. I hope it's not an error , in the identification of the " air space " implemented recently , by you know who. ORA PRO NOBIS
I don't think China's expansion of "air space" included the area South of Vietnam.
The Chinese shot this aircraft down.
May god bless these souls and welcome them into your kingdom,Comfort their loved ones at this time. in the name of jesus amen.And forgive those with hate and evil in their hearts with no compassion for the people who have parished.
Too bad these lying sneaking Melanesian POS can't be honest about ANYTHING. They have known form the start but always try to hide everything under a bucket....like that's going to change anything.
Any white man enjoys surfing Asian female picture across the internet, their hot dogs erect "BONNNG" and even watch WHITES ON ASIAN videos. How cruel. White male need to white females. Much nicer and feels europe.
That's to frickin bad. Is an American more special then any one else? #$%$.
Looks like he was a goodlooking man. What a waste of sperm!
As long as they follow John Locke's lead everyone should be fine.
Imodu,two people were noticed with stollen passpot and they were allowed to board the plane. This are criminals you dont know their motive of stealling the passport and this was discovered. This two people must be respossible for what happen to that plane.
if everybody want to live without fear is believing in jesus he will an can bring a perfect life
I bet Liam Neeson could have taken down those bada(s)s Muslim Malaysian terrorists.
WHITES ON ASIAN VIDEO..... ME LOVE YOU LONG TIME..... ME WANT WHITE BaBIES!!!
Me love your daughter LOOOOONG TIME
Malaysia is a nearby country of Indonesia where Obama attended a Madrasa school.
He'll never fly that airline again!
Is this the level of compassion that Home Country & Family flag waving types express? Figures.
you will never never find in this flight in MH 370 will be back 30 years ! maybe not in Malaysia will be in other country air port . be patient to wait for the time .
Maybe they're lost and landed at some remote island.
No one cares who you fk.
When I saw American Dad on missing jet I thought they meant Stan Smith. Had me worried....I love American Dad!
Your face would make a good toilet bowl
GOOD ! KEEP YOURASS IN THE u.s. U NEVER KNOW WHEN THE u.s. GOVT. WILL WASTE SOMEONE..!!!!!!!!!!!!
...Philip Wood was a registered Rep and a member of the Texas Tea Party.....Philip Wood preferred to do business overseas to avoid US taxes and exploit cheap labor...Philip's wife divorced him upon finding out about his two illegitimate children he fathered with a Thai street #$%$ while on his many long stays on overseas business trips....
i can see that your mom didn't have any kids that lived
Israel and texas, the root of ALL the world's problems!
His wifes last words: "Don't forget to feed the fishes honey"
possible muslim religious pilots and engineers plotted to commit suicide on that airplane?
Pilot error is code for black pilot. Didn't you see the movie Flight??
THANK GOD!! A WHITE MEN!! NOW we americans can relate to this tragedy!!
E-Verify Please do business with US companies that use E-Verify Just ask them or go to NumbersUSA and use the search box Yes you can make a difference Legal American workers THANK YOU
Could be sign of RAPTURE.... Rapture can make anything disappear.
What the hell yahoo? 239 people died. 239! Not just 3 Americans.
Yahoo has other stories about the crash posted; this one is specifically about one American passenger, since this web site is aimed primarily at an American audience. That doesn't diminish the others who died.
has the muslim brotherhood thought abought the price they fixing to pay???
So sorry to hear about this sad story.
IBM exec ? he wont need that leather jacket. I hear it gets quite warm down there
could it have been a hijack gone wrong or right
wow, i thought that i was mean. by looking at all the d bags below my comments, u guys make me look like a saint. i think it's messed up that dude was on the plane, maybe next time it will be you or someone u love. then i will laugh myself into a seizure. and smoke all your weed.
The Dude: Mongoloid ,Original name :0 (u luv penis.)
this is completely unacceptable that they can not find a fuclking airplane and were not prepared for this!!!
Its not always easy at times as dis, words of men offers relif bt only God offer comfort' l knw dere qestns as were was he wen it hurts, pls if u can't see Him JUST TRUST HIM.
You didn't trust him with your education did you?
If you're flying overseas and feel anxious about the plane being blown up.... take an Ambien before takeoff and chase it down with 2 shots. You will wake up feeling fresh at your destination.... or find yourself in heaven with your earthly body blown to smitherins at the bottom of the ocean.
what is our American government doing now? 911 now this ?
What's more important than how you die is where you are going after you die Heaven or Hell
Yeah that was important.... last century when people still believed In such mularkey
What is your belief? Make me a better offer than mularkey or you have less than mularkey
this is what happens when you fail to get Obama care.
This is why I don't fly on planes with pilots who can hardly drive. "Oh NO! We going the wrong wray!"
was phil on his way to the "burning man" festival? XD XD XD XD
Wow , what a sick and disgusting thing to say! after reading your other comments, I was not surprised to see your are a pro-drug liberal.
The gas/oil pipe lines must have burst. When that happened, the airplane lost all controls. Why they didn't May-Day I don't know.
Seriously, the "gas/oil pipe lines" ???
Planes crash sometimes but i still love flying on those big jets. Takeoff and landing are the most fun other then those two high points its just like being on a flying bus.
I guess no one gives a second thought that that flight they are boarding is going to be "the one"...
thats what i said about the 9/11 flights too...
you cannot think like that boarding a plane ....... just like you cannot think like that getting into your car for a ride
I wonder if anyone has lived to tell that they had a "bad feeling" they should have listened to.
od that airplane pieces are not floating around as markers unless crashed onland
The plane is supposed to have done a U turn !! No communications were recorded before the disappearance !! Surely the transponder would help locate the Aircraft? unless it had been turned off !!!! There is no Wreckage !!! If it just fell out of the sky there would be some wreckage floating around. So either there looking miles away from the crash site......... Or it was an Alien abduction !!! Or it was highjacked and landed somewhere...... To be later used in a terrorist attack or put up for ransom along with the passengers and crew.
LETS STOP THE PRAYING , THERE IS NO GOD! LETS INVESTIGATE THE OIL SPILL, AND FIND OUT WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON AT THE CONTROL TOWER, BECAUSE YOU CANT TELL ME THAT THE TOWER DIDNT HEAR SOMETHING ... LIKE..... WE'II GOING DOWN"" MAYDAYMAYDAY WE ARE GOING DOWN!! #$%$, PLANES THAT BIG JUST DON'T DISAPPEAR INTO THIN AIR. ARE WE TALKING ANICENT ALIENS HERE ?... NOT..TALK TO THE PEOPLE IN THE CONTROL TOWER AGAIN.. AND AGAIN ...SOMEBODY KNOW SOMETHING! I DO FEEL THERE ARE SURVIVORS...........FIND THEM!
but but but but WHAT ABOUT BENGAZI???????? the IRS targets the TEA PARTY!!!!!!!
but, but, but, but... you're a moron
His sons and I just want peace and quiet right now.”------Really? If you really wanted peace and quiet,you wouldn't have posted on the anti-social network facebook.
Did they even prove it crashed????
There was an oil slick. Doesn' that count?
Philip Wood? More like Drift Wood now.
Extreme? Not really. I am definitely and idiot though :)
I feel sorry for your dog, having to fight you to eat the catsh!t
Muslims ................. bet the house on it!
These Chinese come to America and give birth umin California Guam etc that contributes to California sucks
SOMEONE ON BOARD MOST LIKELY HAD SOMETHING ON OBAMA!!!!
mine was the thumb down that removed your comment
The CIA probably wanted him dead
What you smoking today? Yesterday you made some sense.
And what that have to with anything? Idiot!
"American father" ? Why do breeders need to advertise their sexuality ?
prayers to alllllll involved, no one should have to endure this...so sad
someone on that plane did something ...but we will never know for sure...they will blame birds .
Birds at that altitude? I don't think so.
do u think Obama cares no he dont
the white American is the only one im thinking about the he-- with the rest of them
these are the perils of flying second rate airlines when your a big corporate bigwig jetting all over the world you leaving yourself vulnerable to tragic circumstances
1. Not a 2nd rate airline. 2. Not a big corporate bigwig. 3. YOU'RE NOT your.
well then go take a flying #$%$ yourself then
I don't know sometimes IBM can be syncrous with cia
RIP and condolences to the believed families,,Samuel Nahanga Kampala Uganda
Hmmmmm Wish we knew what happen!!! SAD
Sad that Jay Nashban was not in place of this guy.
Don't they mean FORMER American father????????????????????????????
no, they mean what they said. idiot
Dude this isn't the time to be making jokes people probably lost their lives and all you can do is joke about it...
//"American dad onboard airliner"// Probablility 1/300,000,000 = 0.00000000333 Is this really new? That's like telling us there is a drop of water in the Pacific ocean.
talking about fish do u know whaty the fish ate for lunch
If god wanted man to fly he would have put wings on his back.
It's a shame his last name wasn't Apino.
Well hope you could swim AHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHA
Repulsive. Karma is a B i t c h
If the ex wife just wants peace and quite, then why did she post on fb.
So friends of the family know what happened and she doesn't have to spend days answering the phone.
I told Phil not to go. Oh dear me.
Why is BOEING Killing Americans? Is it because many good ol boys lost their pensions? or were let go or fired from the unions? Things that make you go Hmmmmm?...
now what would be beyond schitty is having 239 likes for the facebook status requesting this peace & quiet #$%$
They found out a George Clooney movie was getting shown so everyone agreed they'd rather take their chances with the Sharks.
Not quite obviously, but nearly so. I'd say 99%. There is a remote chance of some mechanical failure. For example, look what happened to the LAUDA AIR flight on take-off in Bangkok. If your engine suddenly goes into reverse thrust at 35,000 feet, you are TOAST.
don't live every day as if it were your last, live everyday for tomorrow
thanks 0blamer still, lovin your hopey changey
I have never been in an airplane,,,when I die I want both feet planted firmly on the ground,if GOD had wanted me to fly,he would have given me wings.
Then never leave your house or drive a car as the statistics are overwhelming that car accidents are more likely to cause death than airline ones. We just get overwhelmed by the magnitude of loss in airline crashes. Historically there are far fewer today than 20 years ago with many more air miles flown each day. Causes are found and systems are changed or replaced. Just read about it.
Man is not meant to fly.
Obarry eliminating another family member that would tell us all who he really is.....?
I'm curious- do you belong to Tea Party?
I guess the commericals about Malaysia are not true. "Truely Asia, the time of your life." Malaysia is full of Muslim extremeist and the commericals that invites everyone to this country need to be more informed how dangerous this country can be.
SAD ..ANOUGHER KID WITH OUT A DAD...LOO LIKE A NICE GUY..WHO ARE TE REST ? WHY PLANE GONE ?...STAY HOME......
300 PLUS babies were born yesterday... death is a part of life. This needs to happen. SUCK IT UP.
No one asked you. Keep your insensitivity to yourself.
If I am that IBMer, I would have insisted flying on CX
I hope Mauna Loa doesn't crash any time soon.
1st we get the libturd cry babies... then the conspiracy nut RON PAULT@RDS show up... sheesh
Do you ever notice that all these huge crashes only happen with these airlines from (c)(r)appy countries that nobody cares about??????????????? It's always Malaysia, Zimbabwe, Airblue from Pakistan, Dana Air from Nigeria, Caspian Airlines from Iran, Yeminia Airlines from Yemen, TAM Airlines from Brazil...........you don't see this happening with airlines from the US, British Airways or Qantas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Umm well there was United Flight 232, United Flight 585, American Airlines flight 587, then there were the 911 crashes... Truth, what planet are you from?
What about Dallas Texas? There are people who care about every single person on that plane. Your "truth" id BS!
All of the flights PitViper listed, barring the 9/11 ones, are NORMAL CRASHES, you dolt!
I did not read any comments yet but the other day N.Korea fired missiles and there is no wreckage to be found hmmmmmm.....
NSA MIND CONTROL made the plane disappear.....
...Looks like anther astounding victory for Glorious Patriot Comrade Edvard Snowden-ski and his relentless push to cripple America's ability to stop this type of terrorism.....Good Work, Comrade!!!......
Fuggit about it. They ain't nothin' but fancy feast fish food now!
Hey!, you should just get help........
Hope they were all wearing their seat belts!!
Knock on wood. Philip is dead.
Mom abandoned you in a Wal Mart restroom, didn't she?
Crab food, the whole lot of them.
If you aint white, you aint have no right.
Maybe kim jun un from n.korea was testing his rockets
#$%$ a doodle DOO said Too wong fu as the plane blew
Hey what do they know that we don't, has the plane been found or bodies. Lets don't give up so easy!
"they bought their tickets, they knew what they were getting into.....i say, let 'em crash" point/counterpoint, Airplane, 1978
I am sorry, Americans, I mourn innocent death, yet cannot forget that YOUR government largely responsible for rise of Chinese....
What does bush have to do with this mans death?
NO, ELLIOT, BEFORE BUSH, YOU ALLOW THEM INTO THE TRADE ORGANIZATION, why? WHY?
because japan now makes junk, why why why else???
C, are you delusional, and confuse Japanese with Chinese...?
no no japan now makes cheap junk. believe me I work for a japanese co.
Takes away from the IBM executives...went to stupid, #$%$ idiot A&M...of its distinguished alums GOV RICK PERRY .......a straight D STUDENT
He is dead. He is fish food by now.
DOWNED PLANE, WITH LOVE FROM: RUSSIA
white americans needs to stay in the united states
"Yan Zhang"...doesn't sound like an anchor baby AT ALL
Were you born an #$%$ or did you take classes ?
Tell your kind to leave asia and only then will we leave america
I took classes to become an #$%$. Why? Were you born one? Obviously, Yomamma was born one, but I wasn't sure if you were as well.
Thats because they are something thats happened spread around the country . A few here and a few there . This is a couple hundred in one place at one time . It is a little more spectacular . Same amount of people die in the world in a year that died in the World Trade Center bombings but does that mean we dont report them on the news ?????????????????????? Also at least its freaking news . You people are always complaining for Yahoo to report the real news and then when they do you still WHINE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
JOHN MADDEN would never have this problem....................................
"I know that the odds are not in his favor but miracles do occur, so maybe there will be something that will be found.” Like what .....a finger?
gee ....don't these executives ....fly PRIVATE jets anymore ...or are the now on austerity budgets at IBM ??
Even if he's not dead, she's definitely not involved! Though a plane going missing and evidence showing it crashed is not a hopeful sign...some people are rational enough to not have hope until the very last moment.
He's' not responding back to her text messages.
Why oh why could it not have been Jay Nashban instead of this poor fellow!!!!
Its the first airplane to be abducted by aliens.
777 is a tough cookie.....but a N Korean SAM.....hmmm
Muslims prefer Oracle ..all other infidels must die !
Guess the other 236 people aboard don't deserve their own Yahoo story, huh? (Let's see the Yahoo censors remove my post again. Freedom of speech my A(SS!)
Freedom of speech has nothing to do with Yahoo, a private forum.
It's funny that you believe Yahoo is actually singling you out for censorship...
Its funny because my original comment disappeared and I didn't remove it....
Maybe God did it?? Said your prayers lately?
I think what Walker was saying that our society puts so much emphasis on the celebrity and the financial status of an individual that we discount the others when something like this happens. When you strip them of their worldly items and titles they were all people, all with a story to tell, all with family that will mourn them.
The e-wife said he was a great man - but not great enough to stick around. He was that rotten two-timin scoundral when they were married.
Its an terrorist act. Its time to Invade IRAN!
I hope he was a liberal nut bag...
"Elaine's Facebook friends was quickly flooded with messages of condolences from friends and family." Proofread much?
I feel sorry for the one white American in that is all
his ex is a real attention junkie
The plane goes "Boom" and everyone is in God's hands, except maybe one or two. Pax Vobiscum...
He waited his whole damn life to take that flight And as the plane crashed down he thought "Well isn't this nice..."
Look at all these backseat pilots fly around their little chit planes how about a 777 captain comment, oh they don't give a chit they make 300k a year
Just ignore this will go aewwat
FISHER MAN finger point the plane up the air...... RAPTURE.... RAPTURE!!!!
I bet Woods ex-wife is trying to figure out how to get the $$$$ that the Airlines will have to pay Woods family. If he has children, less than an adult age, pray that it goes into a trust for them, and not to this woman, who ever she is....Maybe she should get some to raise the children. But if they are adult, let it pass completely to them..... Why is it an ex-wife is the first to chime in on this...
Perhaps because she is the mother of his children? Some exes do get along for the sake of the children you know. And the only one talking about money is you.
the plane was highjacked and everyone is dead...its obvious
My point gets proven yet again...stupid people have jobs
and stupid people like you have no jobs.
@@@@NIGGUH STOL MY COWNBRED ---U R YOUR Mother Freazking -animal and son of a DOG TURD
me thinks someone #$%$ someone off.
This guy caused the crash; he worked for IBM and IBMs are known to crash.
I am an ex-IBMer. Let's fly someplace on vacation together. Thing is since I am ex, I just will throw you out of the plane
Sen, I don't swing that way.
Whats the last thing that goes through a bugs mind as it hits a windshield?
Job seekers? Big IBM Executive postion available! Go and get it!
Pres Obama sent help to the victims right away. He didn't have to wait around talking about doing correct stuff. He's a man with plan, unlike Bush. Ready for Hillary!!!!!!
Obama said obamacare would have saved him if he had just signed up.
A beautiful slim pres Obama sent help to the people in the crash. He didn't need a meeting to do this since he's in florida. Bush was a clown with no action plan. Ready for Hillary!!!!!
How many kids did you have today? 12? a whole litter? how many baby daddies do you have? 56? Please call everybody with your obama phone to tell them "GET A F?CKING JOB ALREADY"
Obama is a disgusting, cigarette smoking, pro-abortion, baby murdering Liberal/Socialist hack job.