Are there Many stealth capable smugglers flying around the Java Sea? How long has technology for holographic image of radar tracking been available to the Public? could these be reasons for high altitude unintentional intersecting flight paths? When the usual question bring the unusual answers , Start asking unusual questions and see if we can get back to usual ANSWERS. lets K.I.S.S. this ( Keep It Simple Stupid) 1 plane missing , 2 bad weather. 3. faulty radio, 4. skilled Pilot. 5. people on board 6. Aliens , God , and The Devil, had nothing to do with it.7. plenty of Fuel * Maintenance records indicate the Airplane had no faults. 8 were Cell phone signals available but not used. Were modern GPS tracking devices upgraded in these Airplanes?9. Why not? 11 Is Blaming anyone speeding up the Search? 12. How Fast does an Airplane of that size fall from 30 thousand feet ? 13 Could anyone be able to move falling at that speed? When flight controls and engine power go unresponsive there isn't much more to do., But maybe they can hear us on the Radio?
Don't worry folks ,Our wonderful Media will come up with a solution to brainwash you'all into thinking there was a terrorist aboard ,And the Islamic morons will take credit for it for publicity , The Pilot asked to divert the flight for safety purposes and was refused ,Simple as that ..
Right, they were unable to find it, so, there will be really crazy stories coming from people and media now.
MH370: How Fatal is the Chip That Rothschild Reportedly ‘Acquired’? Article /\ By Athena Yenko | April 14, 2014 2:09 PM EST The Australian government is leading the search for the MH370 and exerting all efforts - exhausting Australian taxpayer's money too - to locate the missing plane. /\"Trying to locate anything 4.5 kilometres beneath the surface of the ocean about 1,000 kilometres from land is a massive, massive task and it is likely to continue for a long time to come," Prime Minister Tony Abbott said at a press conference on Sunday. /\Racing against the 30-day expected battery life of MH370's blackbox, Australia is already mulling when to deploy an unmanned underwater robot known as an Autonomous Underwater Vehicle. /\"This work continues in an effort to narrow the underwater search area for when the Autonomous Underwater Vehicle is deployed," the Australian officials said in a statement on Sunday. /\While Australia is at it and the missing Malaysia Airlines now becaming a national interest, conspiracists, on the other hand, are singing a completely different tune. /\On March 25, IntellihubNews reported that with the MH370 now missing or 'took down,' Lord Jacob Rothschild acquired a patent for a potent chip created by 20 employees of Freescale Semiconductor Ltd. aboard MH370. /\On March 24, Freescale Semiconductor Ltd. confirmed that it has 20 employees among the 239 passengers aboard the MH370 - 12 from Malaysia and 8 from China. /\"Out of respect for the families' privacy during this difficult time, we will not be releasing the names of the employees who were on board the flight at this time," Freescale spokeswoman Jacey Zuniga said. /\"These were people with a lot of experience and technical background and they were very important people. It's definitely a loss for the company," Mitch Haws, said Freescale's vice president. /\How destructible could this chip be? /\In a detailed report from Malaysia Chronicle dated April 8, it said that Freescale launched what could be the world's smallest microcontroller in Feb 2013 called the Kinesis KL02. /\KL02 measures 1.9 mm by 2mm and contains RAM, ROM and a clock. Even with its minute size, KL02 might be the most potent next-generation war weaponry. /\Whether remotely controlled or automatically programmed, KLO2 can be utilised to employ drones smaller than flies. Such small-sized drones were allegedly being used to deliver lab-cloned viruses or toxic drugs instrumental for spreading plague, virus and disease; track spy satellites or large scale and hidden weaponries. /\KL02 could also be injected to devices like Google glass to render the device obsolete or have the device controlled from 'someone' aside from its owner. /\The chip is also significant in making plausible Pentagon's ultimate dream of human-controlled robotic warrior. It can be injected to bionic prosthetics to control robotic nerves and limbs. /\'Killing' the creators of this chip will prevent any leakage or selling of the technology to the Chinese and outside the Malaysian government. /\It is widely known that China is in its way of advancing its military-applications technology for warfare. /\The Malaysian government, on the other hand, is rumoured to have acquired rights to a powerful chip which can alter barcode tags in retail goods and can be inserted into human body to by-pass identity verifications. /\Rothschild family reportedly owns the Malaysian Central Bank which has significant investments in Malaysian government and Malaysian Airlines.
They forgot to mention MH370 black box was never found because of the Malaysian government's negligence. They sent the entire world on a wild goose chase in the South China Sea for a week until they revealed it was in the Indian Ocean instead. Had they given that information from the start, MH370's black box most likely would have been recovered.
Even if they found it. Its 13K feet down. You need to have the right equipment on hand and ready. Not as easy as you would think. Then add weather conditions sea state etc. Oceans bottom has mountains too. How many mountains on land that you know of could you stick an entire airplane nestled into? How about a crevasse? This would narrow or even channel a signal or block it. Its in water. Now take into account the sheer size off the area.
They will never find a black box, they are bright red or bright orange. Google flight data recorder.
Alien Abduction? Now there's a reason that makes sense...
Of course, foul play wasn't suspected this soon in the 370 incident, either. Can't say they are different in that respect yet.
According to the Report above the pilot was an expert, flying Military F-16 Jet Fighters with 20,000 hours under his belt. He had the expertise to be able to react under any crisis given circumstance. Yes the situation was grave, but he could've pushed the Distress Signal Button. "May Day, May Day I'm going down!!!" Even if radio communication was out he had the distress button to push. So think and think hard... Perhaps he passed out? No, because there is still a Co-pilot. Were they taken by force, by terrorists and refused to comply with their demands, and therefore were both killed? Possible but a bit improbable. Aha! Could they have been shot down? Less improbable. A blast obliterating the entire plane at the blink of an eye! But there must be some debris, right? Same as if a bomb from within destroyed the entire plane when it detonated. Both probable possibilities, right? How about a cover up? Perhaps Korea shot it down or the Republic of China and there's an ally coverup to avoid an International conflict. Even more probable, right? Or we can dismiss every theory presented and simply say a UFO abducted the entire plane, or just vanished it with a laser beam.
There is reason to believe that AirAsia # 8501 may in fact, have encountered severe weather that the flight crew may not have been able to handle. The ITZ is a very formidable area for severe thunderstorms and significant weather. MH370 however, may well have been commandeered and I think is very dry sitting with all three landing gear down and locked in a hangar somewhere. Possibly Pakistan if the Israeli theory is correct...which evidence indicates it may well be.
Certainly Israel has had enough time to find that plane and they haven't. You can't fly to Pakistan and not cross radar of many, many countries. That just isn't possible. To fly from Kuala Lampar to Pakistan, they would have had to cross the Arabian Sea and past American radar installations and many other countries. That just didn't happen.
Jane: Given the level of involvement by several Governments, ANYTHING is possible. I've said before, the clue to finding MH370, is to discover what was really in either the forward or aft cargo hold of that aircraft. Therein lies the key to discover where the aircraft is sitting today and it's highly unlikely we'll ever know. How do you know the aircraft has not been located. If the theory holds, the contents of the cargo hold were removed within hours of the aircraft touching down. BTW, the theory was advanced by several Israeli intel officers and the Govt. was not directly involved.
Birdie, do you know how many people were involved in the search for MH370? Do you know how many people you would need to cover up what you said? Do you really think all those people, from countless countries, would keep their mouths shut??? And what about anyone who just happens to see that plane land, stored in a giant hanger, and the over 200 bodies disposed of. You need to be a little more realistic. MH370 is at the bottom of the ocean.
There's a vast difference between theory and evidence. I've heard quite a number of theories voiced but I haven't heard of a single bit of evidence other than some radar tracking data.
Differences? About 13,000 ft of water, and a couple million square miles of ocean, 1,000s of under water mountains,,, shall we keep going?
I flew Air Asia recently. No complaints, professionally run outfit. No bending of the rules. (I am a 1K flyer with United. Actually, Air Asia impressed me more than United).
With 162 death in one go, I'm also impressed by Air Asia.
Any carrier would be better than United.
The first was Malaysian the 2nd was Indonesian. Both planes were flown to Diego Garcia by IS terrorists/Space Aliens for what purpose the idiots that say that don't specify. LOL.
I know this might be a little out of the box, but most planes fly an automatic pilot, if someone can hack Sony and all the other major hack jobs i think gaining control of airplane wouldn't big a problem. Why ?? who knows there r some people out there who will do anything for money and or to show their power and the smarts to accomplish this and polish their egos.the same airline, the same fate ? coincedence (sp) me think not.
the Autopilot does not work that way. the Autopilot follows a pre-determined route, you cannot simply hack in either from the cabin or the ground. it has no external communications to access. you have to gain access to the cockpit and manually turn the autopilot off, then fly the aircraft. its a given most airlines have wireless systems and external communications . these can be exploited . however , the only thing you could access is the infotainment system, nothing vital.
The Aliens Grey's prefer Asian specimens for their genetic experiments...
Regardless of what happened, there are now families of 162 people who have lost someone they love. Hopefully they, and the families of the passengers of MH 370, find the closure they need to carry on.
Short flight, highly trafficked route, no distress signal and no wreckage after a couple of days. Seems a lot more similar to 370 than different.
Statistically flight 8501 should not be MH370 because the MH370 is so rare --- only the first time ever. Whoever came up with the idea of turning off the transponder is a twisted genius. The MH370 has a satellite ping, but the airplane in 8501, as far as I know, doesn't have this feature. So if a criminal tries that MH370 trick, this time it's the perfect crime. The differences are superficial: Chinese passengers versus Indonesian passengers, no storm versus storm, CEO show up versus CEO in hiding, a better CEO talker. The similarities that bothers me because it shows that people have learned nothing from MH370 and the same trick can be used over and over again. In both cases it's possible to turn off the transponder. Once that is done, there is a very limited time when the aircraft can be intercepted ---- except of course is that in both cases no alarm was immediately raised. It took 50 minutes to trigger the air craft uncertain alert, and 98 minutes to trigger distress alert. Nobody scrambled anything to check out any UFOs in the mean time. So yeah, turn off the transponder, crash it into some tall building, or into some ocean a few thousand miles off course --- still very much do-able.
Airbus 320 may well be the cause of the loss. If you recall the Airbus 340 flying into the woods because the autopilot knew better. Speculation but from having flown into conditions like this you fly attitude only and don't worry about altitude. Your job as pilot is the keep the aircraft from being over stressed and pulling the wings off which I fear is what happened. My guess is that the flight crew were trying to fly attitude but got the wrong kind of help from the flight control system knowing better. It isn't uncommon to see significant altitude gains and losses while struggling to get out of a cell and if the flight control system took over it could easily pull more positive G's or negative G's than the aircraft is spec'ed for. RIP to the souls aboard...
B: Sorry but your information is not accurate, or even close. If you're referring to the Airbus A-320-111 accident (AF 296) on 26 June, 1988, in Toulouse, France, you're really out in left field. That aircraft was a charter flight flown by a demonstration pilot who was typed in the A-320 and other Airbus aircraft. He wanted to descend to 100" AGL and fly over the field at that altitude to demonstrate the Alpha Floor capability of the aircraft. Unfortunately, that aircraft was configured in a Western configuration and when he descended to 100' he was BELOW the Alpha Floor protection. Slowly the aircraft below the A Prot meant the aircraft would stall, which it did and crashed into the trees. It was pilot error and he subsequently went to prison for his error. Please get some of your facts correct.
Malaysia and Airplanes don't seem to be working together well recently.
WOW they misplaced another plane. I guess my problem with my lost laundry from WANG'S is not so bad.
STOP comparing and find the damn planes!
Interestingly, AirAsia CEO Tony Fernandes dumped 944,800 shares in Tune Insurance Holdings Bhd, the organization that provides travel insurance for AirAsia passengers, just days before the disappearance of Flight QZ8501. Also very curiously, a chinese blogger warned readers to avoid this airline or becoming a victim 2 weeks before this mysterious incident happened. Alot of "magic" going on.
who needs a missile to deliver a h bomb when you can steal a third world jet. swap out some transponders and bribe some airline officials and boom..no more washington or new york city!!. i cant believe in this day and age that a jet can just vanish without a trace!!
Whew! Thanks for the clarification , Yahoo. I won't be flying that way anytime soon.
Why in hell can they not make some kind of instrument to put in these planes to find them anywhere they go down? with all the technology what's wrong?
None of this will stop the crazies from speculating.
How the heck can the government be so sophisticated that they can spy on all American telecommunications in the name of security but can't find a missing airplane? I can understand if this happened in the 1960's when technology wasn't up to par but it's 2014, there has been a lot of improvements in the technology field since then
our sensors are tasked with national security duty, weither monitoring the situation in Russia, to monitoring the Chinese fleet, to keeping tabs on Iran. BTW, the United States has a system in place that tracks EVERY piece of commercial aircraft, foreign and domestic. it only works for U.S. territory's and the USA.
Ever flown out over water? What state do you live in? Take that state, super impose its area on the body of water in question. No carry your stupid A$$ out and look for an object about the sixe of a large bus. Now add the fact that Moutains, crevasses, and silt (yes silt) that could be 40-50FT deep help obscure signals. You people just do not get the many complexities involved. It simply is not as simple as you believe.
@Q10......I quit reading your post halfway through, you type at 6th grade level
Yes we need to be careful not to think another crazy Muslim took a plane down.
"Twernt Mormons" -Del Gue (with an E!)
No doubt the Mormons have beheaded many and stoned to death women....
Actually the mormons have slaughtered100's of pioneers and scalped them. Google it, you'll see I'm right.
How on Earth did Mormons end up in this conversation?
I for one take that as sarcasm. Some will not because they are idiots.
I think some one does not know the deference between Mormons and Muslims
The Mountain Meadows massacre was a series of attacks on the Baker–Fancher emigrant wagon train at Mountain Meadows in southern Utah. The attacks culminated on September 11, 1857, with the mass slaughter of most in the emigrant party by members of the Utah Territorial Militia from the Iron County district, together with some Paiute Native Americans. The wagon train—composed almost entirely of families from Arkansas—was bound for California on a route that passed through the Utah Territory during a conflict later known as the Utah War. After arriving in Salt Lake City, the Baker–Fancher party made their way south, eventually stopping to rest at Mountain Meadows. While the emigrants were camped at the meadow, nearby militia leaders, including Isaac C. Haight and John D. Lee, made plans to attack the wagon train. The militia, officially called the Nauvoo Legion, was composed of Utah's Mormon settlers (members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints or LDS Church). Intending to give the appearance of Native American aggression, their plan was to arm some Southern Paiute Native Americans and persuade them to join with a larger party of their own militiamen—disguised as Native Americans—in an attack. During the militia's first assault on the wagon train, the emigrants fought back and a five-day siege ensued. Eventually fear spread among the militia's leaders that some emigrants had caught sight of white men and had likely discovered the identity of their attackers. As a result militia commander William H. Dame ordered his forces to kill the emigrants. By this time the emigrants were running low on water and provisions, and allowed some approaching members of the militia—who carried a white flag—to enter their camp. The militia members assured the emigrants their protection and escorted them from the hasty fortification. After walking a distance from the camp, the militiamen, with the help of auxiliary forces hiding nearby, attacked the emigrants. Intending to leave no witnesses and thus prevent reprisals, the perpetrators killed all the adults and older children (totaling about 120 men, women, and children). Seventeen children, all younger than seven, were spared.
HappyDays we always hear about how wonderful life was for native Americans before the white man. Indians used to slaughter men, women and children in other tribes and take people enslave them, rape women and generally destroy lives all on their own. So spare me the outrage. Indians murdered plenty before and after the white man. Indians had a weak culture that just proved to be too backward and history sent them to the trash bin.
So lets discuss the similarities. 1. Both planes having Malaysia Air Connection/Ownership 2. Both "accidents" in same region 3. MH370- Radar shows Mystery Plane meeting and lingering with MH370 for a period of time and then mystery plane shots off radar. Mh370 falls off radar a minute later. 8510- Radar shows flight LIN626 heading ENE preparing to cross over 8510 at diff altitudes but abruptly turns north on a dime. Due N for a while then turns right back south to intersect with 8510. Far off the flight plan it was projected. Both 8510 and 626 intersect at diff altitudes. They cross and POOF a minute later ,Magically 8510 is now gone. So this GLITCH in the system happened twice both with Planes now missing. HMMMMM
1. Two completely different companies. It would be like saying American and Southwest Airlines are connected... 2. They happened 2,000 miles apart. 3. "mystery plane" lol mystery planes don't just show up in the middle of the ocean. They have to take off from somewhere.... unless it was aliens. Is that it? you think it was aliens?
How many airplanes are going to go mysteriously missing before someone figures out what is really happening?
Have you found the Airplane that hasn't been lost, that may be the next ? it's possible we May have found one , but we're not sure it was lost before we found it. The search continues for Airplanes that have not been lost. A further ongoing investigation may lead to the clues that have somehow left us clueless. And that's all we know at this Time.
You need to be tested you are NUTS or a #$%$ would you like to have another serving of Macadamia Nuts and should they be on a plate or served in the bag.
I down your other comments also.
I have seen your comments on other news sites also and I down you on all off them You need to be tested because your are a Nut.
I am Being told (prognosis) I am a Nut by someone that will not reveal who they are, but sits darkly in the back passing judgments on others. That is similar to a CB radio on channel 19 screaming obscenities at the public. the only difference here is you get to Down someone . "Judge not lest you be judged, and By what yard stick you measure so shall you be met ! " That means by your yard stick , you are not a nut but I am , and you don't even know me , My yard stick is concealed for a more accurate prognosis.
Who cares what the differences are? Another airline has disappeared and you bastard media people are going to exploit the hell out of the story. That is the crux of the situation.
Why isn't flight data continuously streamed to the ground ?? If it was, then we would know at all times where planes are, and what is happening on the plane. If flight info can be streamed into a black box, then why can't it be streamed continuously to the ground ?
What about that pinging--doesn't this AirAsia plane have a box that pings? And I'd think that fiery red fuselage would make it easy to spot any debris. Hope it all gets resolved soon.
Something is terribly awry! All the technology available today and you can not find a plane less than an hour from takeoff?? Not right! We either are not getting the full story or being fed a bunch of BS!!!
The only way I will die in a plane crash is if it landed on me while I was driving or in my house. This is happening too much.
doesn't matter what the differences are if the one thing in common is they can't find either one of them.
I believe both planes were abducted by a alien spaceship. The aliens are dissecting them right now.
Possible. But we will never know. Will we?
It's as good an explanation as any ;)
The difference is that MH370 has been missing for 10 months. And AirAsia has been missing since yesterday.
Water, water, everywhere and not a drop to drink. We have this habit, that we see land and think easy to find, then we see water and think, oh it's just like land, but it isn't, it has dark depths and can't be looked at easy. Give this 14 days and then the panic can start setting in, that they can't find something out about it. I do wonder if CNN will have back to back coverage of it though?
Oh really...they're not even going to give into the possibility someone could have done this? As this plane like the last, vanishes from detection else where. I don't know... after no sign in 48 hours, I'd be preparing to search old remote air strips(possibly US made ),instead of assuming it crashed into the drink without a trace.
Nothing. Both were destroyed by rocket fire.
Someone, should give a quick cursory look, just incase flight QQZ8501's auto descent mode caused this flight to turn towards the Indian Ocean. This is just a theory, and that is all the public has seen thus far.
What is the "auto decent mode" on an A-320-200 ??
Sad happenings again & really questionable in all our minds! Enuff bad going on in the USA and nuthin being done about it. Wondering how much $ once again being doled out, to aid other countries besides ours and maybe NO answers, once again? Media has yet, another field day with all this bs and more lives lost!
It is not weather related. Suppose the plane did go into a stall. The chances of both engines failing at the exact same time along with no internal power is less than 0.1% while passing thru inclement weather. Too many fail safe functions in place. One of the pilots would have called air traffic with the issue. 1.The plane sustained a blow that destroyed it mid air instantly killing the pilots. 2. No decent on radar.
I still don't get it. If I lose my phone I can look up the GPS location of my phone and find exactly where I left it. However, these huge planes disappear and they don't really have any clue where they are.
i keep thinking the same thing.
Lose your phone in water and see how the GPS works
If God wanted us to fly, He would have given us wings......................
Your phone GPS locater works as long as the phone is still ON and it is in range of a cell tower. If the missing airplane's electronics were still ON, and it was in range of RADAR or radio receivers, it would in fact also be instantly locatable. Being underwater creates a problem for finding the airplanes and would do the same for locating your phone.
The hand of death. Sorry most people still think serial killers are sponsored, that abductions happen because of the drug trade, that your neighbors aren trustworthy. Its not us doing this to ourselves. Its them, laying the black hand on us.
Too many movies with this one, folks...
I think the op was rationalizing the notion that, if we can easily find a cell phone with a gps tracking satellite- then we have the technology to find a missing jet with 10x the sophistical equipment. you people need to learn how to read and think beyond the period at the end of a sentence! Man, this generation is doomed. critical thinking fail!
Two planes from a muslim nation disappears in short order nothing suspicious here folks.
Why is no one exploring the theory that MH370 was taken down by a catastrophic fire started by overheating computer batteries carried in the cargo hold?? They brought down another transatlantic airplane a few years prior.
I, and the rest of the world, want Obama's golf scores. All the media are spinning so wildly to Huff and Puff up any Dem talking point (Obama unchained) and kiss each others #$%$...they forgot to say what B. O. Hussein shot!!! Wake up you useless Huffington Yahoos... planes, trains and automobiles all get blown up...
Well, they are both missing AND they can't find them! There is a couple very important similarities! How you can lose to large planes like these is beyond me!
They are not MISSING! They were hit by missles and blown to a million pieces.
I actually thought I might get some answers from this article. Instead, I have more questions and no more information than before I read the lame article. Thanks Yahoo.
Both planes were hijacked. End of story.
The difference between the two crashes, about 100 less deaths compared to flight 370. Same out come regardless.
None of that supported by ANY facts.
Here is my theory. China is trying to be a major player on the global stage so they have shot these 2 airplanes out of the sky (MH370 as well) to make the small airliners look bad and put them out of business. this way they can sweep in with a new airliner and monopolize the industry in southeast Asia.
I say we blame Obama. He gets blamed for everything else.
All of Evil serves a sole boss
I agree, just like it follows Bush and Cheney. They will forever have blood on their hands. Just like everyone says Obama does.
How about all recent crashes involved fly by wire controlled aircraft? In other words, the computer flys it, not the pilots directly. 320's and 777's are all controlled by computer.
Almost all new cars have been drive by wire for years...
NOT true at all Bob. Sorry but that's way off base. The B-777 has an impeccable safety record. In my view, MH370 was hijacked and Asiana Airlines 214 was 100% pilot error. The redundancy of the 777 and even A-320 provide an unparallelled level of safety.
So what is not true about what I said Birdie? MH370 was a 777 as well as the crash at San Fran as well as 2 other total hull loss accidents. Try reading a bit before commenting.
You see the owner of this airline. Looks like he is from India. And you know how those people like to make money but not to spend it. Remember that commercial about cut rate insurance. Well they did say this was a low cost airline. Makes me wonder if the pilots of these planes even have a License good enough to drive a greyhound buss
I still don't understand how an airplane can disappear.
Airlines as a whole, never have this type of accident record.
Most in SE Asia knows who was the most likely culprit of Disapearance of MH370 except Dare not say it for fear of repercurtion. Whereas, air Asia s totally different story.
Both airlines owned by the same holding company. Both are incompetent. So, who is the likely culprit? The midget in N. Korea?
Both were destroyed by rocket fire. Neither gave any more radio transmissions - (maydays); neither sent or received cell phone calls. Flight 370 was at 38,000 feet and had plenty of time to radio that they were in serious trouble; but they said nothing. Its obvious that the plane was blown into a million tiny pieces over the ocean.
Bob. IF that scenario was true, why hasn't one single piece of debris been found from MH370 ?? Why hasn't a single oil slick or fuel slick been found. Simple answer. The aircraft was NOT blown up and is most likely sitting in a hangar somewhere in Pakistan. It sure as heel isn't in the Indian Ocean.
Of course the conspiracy theories come pouring out very shortly after this incident. It's obviously all staged, and the Illuminati is responsible for this. I mean how else will our reptilian Rothschild overlords keep us under control!?!? Or was it Obama? Or the blacks and gays? Surely, it had to be the liberals trying to take guns away from people! or... maybe it's just a #$%$ accident that unfortunately resulted in the deaths of 162 people?
@Cory - your gullibility is adorable. I could just pinch your cheeks! ^_^
@Cory - Did I hurt your conspiracy filled mind, my little munchkin? :)
@Cory - You're so adorable with your lack of reading comprehension skills. *pinch pinch* boo boo bah bah
@Cory - My goodness... you really are a special kind of snowflake. I really didn't think it would have been this easy, but you provided me with plenty of laughs within this short period of time. Well done. :D
Blame Bush!? WHY no way!. Bush is greatest American president in history of history. He actually fought one on one with one of the Rothschild and almost won. The illuminati managed to demonized him though. It's a shame because he could have taken them down big time!
How dare you spew your liberal plans on me. You planning on taking my guns away you fascist illuminati supporter!
I came for the comments, and leave disappointed..
Blame Obama, why not? He gets blamed for everything anyway. I too came for comments and got nothing. The pilot did suffer a great loss days ago, talk is about his Facebook page.
Dec 29, 2014 · The pilot of the missing AirAsia plane last saw his family at the funeral for his brother a week before the plane he was piloting vanished from the sky.
There are many differences, but what will be same is that no one will tell the truth so the media will make up #$%$ for us to read.
The same holding company owns both airlines and both planes. These jungle people can not follow their airplanes from the ground or properly guide them in or out of bad weather. Fly American Airlines, Air France or British Airways.
Definitely NOT Air Chance! Don't forget Rio! BA are the best
Not a good place to be in the world to figuring out what happened in these situations. They don't have the processes, procedures, or know how to figure it out quickly
Both are second rate airlines that do not care enough about their passengers safety.
There were no differences because pilots who could had mentally ills.
Why don't they install a homing device on all planes so they can locate missing planes faster, thus saving time, money and anxiety for the families of the plane passengers?
They have one if they crash on land. Goes down in water it can't transmit.
Thanks JohnG. Did not know that.
Put my mother in law on the planes along with her cell phone and let her yak 24/7. Events on board will get reported as the plane goes down.
LT, that homing device iscalled a black box
Maybe it's time they invented a homing device that CAN operate in water (if that is possible).....
The black box has an underwater locator beacon.
Is it just me or should we all be concerned of the possibility these planes will turn up heading for another target 9/11 style.
Spoken like a true paranoid gullible brainwashed Republican
Well Bob in this instance I sincerely hope you are right. However it would be gullible to believe any BS the media shovels. But then again you are a leftist liberal, easily manipulated. Markesan the terrorists seem capable. They have had plenty of time to prepare and adjust since the last major incident. Enough time to plant some into the system with the know how.
Sparky, what same thing?? It IS just you????
I'm fine with the plane turning up. One less to be concerned about. Would wait an see just why it went down exactly before running your pie holes. Like typical know it all liberals you base your BS on feelings and media dribble, with no regard for facts. MH370 is still a possibility and way too much time has passed.
Nope not a conspiracy theorist. Don't think the US has a hand in it or the 911 attacks. Not heard of a Diego Garcia plot on the news. Your reply doesn't change my concern one bit. Your personal resume aside can you prove it is impossible to hide the missing MH370? There are any number of possibilities for doing so. Until that jet shows up it is still a valid concern. I would imagine it takes a bit of time to gather up enough jet fuel while not attracting any attention in the process. The funny thing here is you are arguing that its impossible to hide the jet but for some odd reason not a single person can find it after 9 months of searching. So lets hear it Sparky.
OK, what is the difference is they cannot find this flight as well? none.......it seems to me that Malaysia has a huge problem, they cannot properly track any of their flights. I don't understand with today's technology why they cannot tag any flights. I wouldn't fly any Malaysian Airlines for now
Blame it on Malaysia? Lol. This time, blame on the management of Asia Asia. Yes. But, the first 2 incidents, most knew who were the culprits.
Airlines don't "track their flights...". Not Malaysian, not U.S. not British. Tracking is done by air traffic control authorities. Airlines purchase and maintain the planes, including all the tracking and communications systems and hardware.
Stop buying Boeing or Airbus planes. They have known problems with many parts made in the USA. They are junk. The pilot tried to evade bad weather and the plane dropped out of the sky. There is a problem with this. Can you imagine if your car falls apart when you make a quick turn. In the sky the plane has nothing to hit but air. A plane that cannot navigate air is not sound to fly. Stop buying Boeing Airbus junk.
Sancho, maybe we should buy Mexican airplanes? Just who's aircraft do you think are better made, Russian, their safety record is not particularrly good. Chinese, do they even build airliners. British, remember the Comet?
Sancho, you can go fly kites
Whoah Sancho! Try flying a broomstick in a full moon.
I agree. Boeing has a lot of employees who are dissing this comment.
Douglas was the best... but Boeing put them out of business. See what happens when you reduce competition?
If the U.S. did not colonize Mexico by installing compliant rulers in Mexico, Mexico would be able to make its own airplanes by now.
Guess - Douglas was great in the piston era, but they were slow to pick up on jets (DC-8 was a year behind the 707), and they cut too many corners on the DC-10. Windsor, Paris, O'Hare, and Sioux City were all incidents that revealed corners that Douglas cut in the DC-10's hydraulic system. When you kill too many of your passengers, you can't stay in the airliner business.
DC-9 wasn't piston powered. Since I hold the DC-9/MD-80, DC-10, B-727-37-57-67 & 777 type ratings and have thousands of hours in Douglas, which one of us do you think has a better argument with facts? OldGoat 1 hour ago 0 1 Guess - Douglas was great in the piston era, but they were slow to pick up on jets (DC-8 was a year behind the 707), and they cut too many corners on the DC-10. Windsor, Paris, O'Hare, and Sioux City were all incidents that revealed corners that Douglas cut in the DC-10's hydraulic system. When you kill too many of your passengers, you can't stay in the airliner business.
Guess, I don't care if you have a type rating in flying saucers. The fact remains that Douglas became economically unsustainable after the flying public, and therefore the airlines, lost faith in the DC-10.
So where are you going to be buying your planes at from now on?
Too bad your 'facts' are wrong. O'hare... mechanics screwed that up with improper maintenance procedures. Sioux City... Douglas doesn't make the engines, and neither does Boeing, but you want to blame Douglas? The only flaw in the DC-10 was the the pressure bulkheads in the cargo area... your accident knowledge is flawed as is your argument....the airlines (because I was flying the DC-10 before 911) never lost faith in the airplane.... its panic stricken little girls who blow this all out of proportion, so go back and sit in your arm chair... OldGoat 19 hours ago 1 2 Guess - Douglas was great in the piston era, but they were slow to pick up on jets (DC-8 was a year behind the 707), and they cut too many corners on the DC-10. Windsor, Paris, O'Hare, and Sioux City were all incidents that revealed corners that Douglas cut in the DC-10's hydraulic system. When you kill too many of your passengers, you can't stay in the airliner business. OldGoat 15 hours ago 0 0 Guess, I don't care if you have a type rating in flying saucers. The fact remains that Douglas became economically unsustainable after the flying public, and therefore the airlines, lost faith in the DC-10.
Guess, you don't get it do you? The issue with the DC-10 was not that Douglas did all that bad a job on it, Rather the flying public and the airlines lost faith in the DC-10 and Douglas was unable to sell enough DC-10s to make back their R&D investment. The financially crippled company had no choice but to merge, under unfavorable terms, with McDonnell, who had huge positive cash flows from defense and NASA work. Even then, they still had to sell out to Boeing. It was all in the bottom line,literally, and the bottom line problems stem from the rushed job that they did on the DC-10.
They shouldn't allow planes to fly in that part of the world period.
I agree and what you more precisely mean is that low life so called nation states like Malaysia have no business being in the airline business. Monkey see and monkey do on these two flights.
That part of the world is at a funny angle. Its dumb to try to fly a plane there.
it is god's punishment 4 najib/unmo/bn disreard for diversity of religious thoughts and feedon of religious beliefs.... god gives n god takes --200,000 displaced malaysians in the floods, najib caught playing golf in usa, corruption, purge of own citizens from education, travel, education etc.,n mh370 ,mh17 n now air asia... the world gave up on malaysia-it will die a natural death when nobady will visit malaya, patronize mh or have anything to do with the country until a new govt. is formed.
God's punishment? Do you know what you are saying? is God that bad?
its amazing how many old cat ladys there are, who only spout out about god when there is tragady
oy mabuk ka??? pi tidur laaa....gila!
ichsnay on the ouya and learn to spull.
I (F)uc(k) udon't kn jk's god
we now have an asian triangle
Here Today, Gone Tomorrow !!!!! I bet if someone on that plane had owed the IRS a hundred bucks, they could find them.
I want Apple and Samsung to start building planes.
It's NOT the 30,000 foot drop that one has to worry about... it's the sudden stop that one has to worry about.
Actually its the lack of oxygen at 30000ft that is the problem, along with the low pressure.
The airspeed of the drop is a problem, too. Many of the passengers on KH17 had their clothes ripped off of them as they fell.
Similarities.... They haven't found either one.
There is a difference between the two?? Hello, BOTH disappeared without a trace, and can't be found..................................
Stick with a Boeing 737 - you cant go wrong with that jet.
There have been plenty of crashes involving 737's.
But they find them Jo F .....
When hit by rockets as these were, it would not make a bit of difference if it was a Boeing
not to worry folks,CNN and their irresponsible reporting are on the case
Let's see 2 planes go missing all from the same part of the world.Interesting!!
A typhoon brought down the AirAsia Airbus. Don't believe it? Watch or re-watch Tom Hanks in "Cast Away". Then you'll believe it.
so the only thing similar about these 2 flights is that you nobody knows #$%$ they are.
ONES GOT MORE PASSANGERS...... THE OTHER HAS GOT MUCH LESS PASSANGERS??
Yeah.... One of them WASN'T a conspiracy to kill several patent holders that the Rockafellers now control. Hmm....
I was in a wind shear once. Dropped 30,000 feet in less than 30 seconds. We were flying at 35,000. That's cutting it close. The pilots and crew had never been through one. It was spooky to drop like a big rock at a high speed.
We can solve Badmuda Tringle problem with master plan., that will be good & real tribute our lost peoples.there is no any black magic,we are missing view point,
what happened to the oil company that said it detected somehow a plane off the coast of india,fitting the profile of a jet the size of mh370
Another plane gone. Pretty interesting all these missing plane hoaxes keep happening to Malaysia.....Oops, did I say hoax?..Sorry, I didn't mean to say hoax.
It all means they have nfi what brought down the plane. Probably was weather, but who knows? We don't need conjecture, we need answers- first of which being #$%$ the plane is. Then a cause. Could be anything...
They were abducted by a UFO or flew into a Vortex
why was the pilot DENIED the request to increase altitude? --- M.S.A.
Air traffic was too dense above the storm so their flight got the short end of the stick.
Ancient aliens hungry for Asian takeout
Look for three airplanes to "land" soon at Indian Point International LOL
This article is a joke. What exactly is a "regular aviation disaster?" How is their any major difference btw. the 2 incidents right now? Switch out the name of the airline and the date the incidents are practically identical!
Why did this plane depart 2hrs early?
still wondering what the C I A involvement in all 3 is?
in today's world there's absolutely no reason to lose track of a commercial aircraft. the tracking technology has been around for over a decade and the costs to use it are not what we're being told on the network news. everyone knows that parents can buy a GPS tracking bracelet for their kids for under $200 and all they have to do is log on to a website and their child is instantly located. this same simple technology can be applied to tracking aircraft, but for some ridiculous reason nobody has done anything about it. you would think the insurers of these lost aircraft would have insisted on them using it long ago... but hey, when has corporate thinking ever made sense to the common folk of the world???
The difference? One plane is smaller than the other. Both planes disappeared without a trace. Noo GPS tracking. No SOS beacon. No communication. Just poof, hours after take off.
Difference.. One landed and one crashed.
to the thumbs down Today the proof is in the pudding.. Flight found because of Oil slick Floating Debris and Bodies. None of this was noted after thousands of man hours looking over the water for a flight that never crashed... Prove me wrong.
the difference was they were different planes with different people on them
who gives a flying fach about the differences between the two flights; lets look at the similarities between the two instead... THEY BOTH VANISHED WITHOUT A TRACE! UFB!
i think the Alien took it!
I'd say spend less on the "hip&trendy" pretty paint and logos, and divert that money to more training, and better comprehensive maintenance. Don't worry, the owners egos will survive!
The difference is green aliens and grey aliens.
LOL, you and my 10 year nephew with the greens and the greys... "...really, Auntie they are real more real than zombies". Well your answer is better than what we are getting from the media... but it is still funny...
They will find it Area 51.
What's wrong with these Airlines ? why can they not buy a GPS which will stay on even in deep water or maybe one that will float so when found it would have data log of its travel if its floating, Easy fix and would cut finding the plane cost by Millions of Dollars.
Thousands feet of Asian Garbage underneath the waves, finding AirAsia Plane not going to be that easy.
who cares?, all i know is that there are now 160+ less pieces of garbage in the world. no sweat off my nutts
Yahoo, wake us up when you have something to report....
AMERICANS DONT CARE ABOUT THIS TIN CAN FILLED WITH MUSLIMS
I think they were abducted by a UFO and are being eaten by aliens. "To Serve Man" It is a cookbook!
So there is the supernatural afterall
Now there will be live satellite on all planes....on all flights;;wave and say "Hi Mom"
Im sure Ted Cruz, Sarah Palin and North Korea will find a way to blame Obama.
Welp....they are all dead so whats the difference?
Until the plane is found, the similarities out way the differences. That leads me to believe the government will throw a plane in the water to keep "panic" to a minimum. Sure, they are talking "storm" causes, but how many of us where at sea in that part of the world on that night? Conspiracy theorist? Ok. But don't stop doubting. It's good for us.
The pilots asked permission to turn left and fly higher to avoid clouds three minutes before the jet was last seen on radar. Sounds like the weather was too much for the pilots and they decided to turn right and take it down..............and park it somewhere.
Bill Cosby still wasn't locked up for drugging and raping 50+ white women is what they both have in common is all I know.
Do you want to take another try at that one and try to make sense this time?
I heard all Bill did was offer them a few licks of his chocolate Jell-O pudding pop.
I expect that this AirAsia incident will pan out in a similar manner to the 2009 Air France Flight 447 (an airbus which crashed into the ocean after experiencing severe weather patterns & a fatal chain of events/complications). I feel terribly sorry for the victims families as it is very unlikely that anyone will have survived such a disaster.
It is simply unpardonable!!!!! How can such a big plane suddenly disappear out of Air!!! a plane has to negotiate AIR -- what else!!! Can it not be handled by a trained pilot? Is the plane not built to fly safely in such circumstances? Secondly, how on earth with so much of technology at hand, having sent satellites by so many countries orbiting on the space--- not able to TRACE such a big plane?? suddenly it disappears and no technology can capture its last moments??? then - what use Technology??So many lives have been lost one again. Is there a BERMUDA like Triangle in the Region?
If it has a catastrophic failure, there will be nothing intact left to trace. It will descend rapidly in lots of bits. Weather is something we can not completely overcome, not even on the ground, up there its even worse.
Weather occurs in troposphere , which is the Earth's atmosphere.There is no turbulence in Stratosphere , the layer above atmosphere.Long range Jets normally fly in stratosphere for steady flights with savings in fuel.Knowing the inclement weather in Java Sea why the aircraft was allowed to fly in low altitude troposphere ? Dr. Ram Chattopadhyay, Ph.D
This wasn't a long range flight. The distance between origin and destination is not that great. It's only a 2 to 3 hour hop. 30,000 ft and above is pretty normal for such a limited flight distance. The plane was at 32,000 ft when the pilot requested an altitude change but there were 6 other airliners in the nearby airspace and contact was lost shortly after the request.
Nature still takes the lead, let be so the people or the Natural creation of the world, technology is still behind, so the few that missuses technology brings heartache to many.
An aircraft crashing and killing Indonesian passengers is less "pressure" than one crashing and killing Chinese passengers ! Of course, Indonesian lives are cheaper than Chinese lives !! Amazing reporting by Yahoo, keep up the good work !
If no parts are found for both missing planes, I strongly believe aliens took them.
let us make note in over life " God is greater than human or mam made technology"
One more commonality .... the country that stands to gain by the fall of Malaysian Air lines as also the Indonesian is ......... Australian airlines . They have a great deal of business to cater to down the others business. They will be cut off if the other airlines shun their aircraft!
"The fact that the overwhelming majority of the passengers are Indonesians and that it was an Indonesian-registered company operating the plane should mean less pressure, however. Around two-thirds of the passengers on Flight 370 were Chinese, with the rest coming from all over the world, only adding to what was already an unprecedented situation." What does this mean? That Indonesians are less vocal than China Chinese?
I think the implication is that the flight was carrying largely passengers from the country out of which the airline is based, whereas the previous flight involved a majority of passengers who were from an entirely different country. For example, a missing Delta flight carrying mostly Americans would have less international impact than a missing Delta plane carrying mostly British passengers. I'm not sure how much of a difference it honestly make, but that was what I understood it to mean.
Let's hope for the best...what a tragic situation. During the holidays too...very, very sad..
Indonesian lives are just as precious as the Chinese. Haha
Or maybe The Indonesians are just more civilised about such a tragedy that The Chinese.
it seems you want to tell that live in Indonesia is more comfortable.. he..he..he..he..he.he..
Baka nasa ibang dimension na sila ngayon.
DECH DA HARWLS WID BERRS OF JORRY, FA RA RA RA RA RA RA RA RA.
hindi kaya dapat mag invest sila sa mga detection devices , para madetect nila kahit pa sa ilalim nang karagatan mapunta,
Na disaster ang business ni Tony Fernandes, mabait pa naman yan.. di racist. Sana makita na sila, Faith kay God nalang ang kinakapitan natin.
anytime a high flaying aircraft fell or drop suddenly there will be a mess.. it will be a big mess. lot of debri be on the ground or above the water.. no sign of garbage anywhere. think about it. small aircraft spread so much garbage on land or sea..no matter what is the weather is.
Plans being shot down due to internal politics of some nations who would like to see certain of their political individuals travelling on the airplane dead ??? power grabbing ???