Questions: Did anyone have a premonition about MH370? Has any psychic picked up any clues about the whereabouts of MH370? How about the Long Island Medium? Why have there been no reports of phone calls, tweets, e-mails, etc.? Are there some people who are/were with the CIA's Stargate Program who could time-travel back or forward to see what happened? When I did my concentration on MH370, I got that the plane is under water 3,700 miles NW of takeoff. I hope MH370 is found soon. Your replies are welcome.
Don't worry--there is no wreckage. Force the government and Boeing to remove the unalterable ability to modify the FMS and force the plane to fly where they want it to (they sent it to Diego Garcia.) Remove this pernicious feature that actually permits people to hijack any Boeing aircraft. The people must rebel against the secrecy that governments use to subvert freedom and security--this includes the NSA and the CIA. Stop funding them all and dismiss them summarily. My sympathy goes to the innocents on MH370 that happen to be on the wrong flight filled with scientists that the government/companies want to detain/use. This is a crime against humanity to be sure. Do not be deceived.
Dununzio36 my English is bad so sorry but I was raised in Hong Kong I moved to the USA six years ago I try hard but it is not well please understand.
Dear Christopher I never said I did not care.
""Almost three months since it went missing en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur, no trace of the jet has been found."" things on airplanes float. the seat cushions is what they tell you to hold on to in a water crash. luggage, other parts, foams, etc. NOTHING has ever been found, despite spending about 300K bux for that info. absolutely nothing. and this is why some folks are becoming more firm on their belief in the northern route. so much more to be gained with this plane than crashing it.
It is possible that if the pilots made a water landing similar to the one that happened on the Hudson River, that the plane would have remained intact when it sank. This would have left very little if any debris as it would have all been trapped in the plane. Though, I admit this is unlikely. Just a bit of speculation. I'm not really sure what happened. It could have been any number of things.
The only thing is Aaron...the Hudson River and the Indian Ocean to two entirely different types of water bodies. The Hudson was fairly smooth that day. The Indian Ocean is almost always extremely rough. But....as you mentioned....(even though I personally believe whole-heartedly that's it's NOT in the water)....the possibilities are endless.
One way or another, floating debris would've gotten out. If the plane had managed to make a water landing a la the Miracle on the Hudson (and it was called a miracle for a reason), then presumably the passengers would have then been able to evacuate the plane, and would've brought the on-board floatation devices out with them.
Does anyone else think that the passenger who gave his ring and watch to his wife before this flight sounds suspicious? Do men normally do that? "In case I don't come back". This passenger was part of something that was going on, either the hijacking itself or to foil the hijacking that was discovered. Could be he was the terrorist or an intelligence agent. Why have we not heard any more about him, his background, etc.?
The assumptions and algorithms do not need to be given. If you want to draw your own conclusions from the data, do so. The best way to go about that is with fresh eyes. You don't need to go through Inmarsat's calculations and verify them, as that will only influence your own thought process. You need to run your own calculation, including considering which assumptions are valid and which solution method is appropriate. --Mechanical engineer who has run many, many calculations starting from basics.
I've got my Texas Instruments Ti30 all ready to go.
This data would have been a lot more useful within the first few days after the crash, just like it would have been a lot more useful for the Malaysian military to say they new the plane flew back over Malaysia the very first day, rather than letting a massive search take place in the wrong ocean. It will now take 3 times the effort to ever make people confident they have the real story due to all of the mishandling in the first week, when it might have been likely to find floating wreckage, if the plane crashed into water. It may have also "landed" on water with little breakup, landed on land or crashed on land. Unless they find the wreckage intact with recorders full of information and most of the key bodies still inside (pilot and co-pilot), there will always be speculation about the possibility of a grand conspiracy, but it is their own fault.
Sure, military always give up information that exposes the country's vulnerability at the first chance it gets. Malaysia may be somewhat incompetent, but they aren't stupid.
Sure, but does that mean the data is useless now?
What country has steered the searchers in the opposite direction? China! What country has claimed new air and water boundaries? China. If the pilot shut off the locator then China took flight MH370 as a UFO and shot it down.
Piggy: Are you actually suggesting that it would be revealing a "military secret" to let people know you can detect a wide body commercial jet on radar designed to detect, locate and shoot down fighters and bombers taking highly evasive maneuvers? Indicating that you might NOT be able to do this should be the greatest possible threat to your national defense as this is something any first world country could do starting in the 1950s. I can't believe people are still thinking in this way. This was most likely simply about the lack of willingness of the Malay military to seem subordinate to their own civil aviation authorities in any possible way. Their lack of any manifest willingness to work together in a crisis put the entire international search in the wrong ocean for an entire week.
Rob: There is no actual logic to your post. The plane was just entering Vietnamese airspace when the transponder stopped. Most think the way this happened required an intentional act by someone in the cockpit. It would have taken the plane an hour more flight to begin to enter Chinese airspace. The Vietnamese who have no reason to do the Chinese a favor (given the current tensions) do not say the plane ever crossed into their airspace. Instead, even the Malays now admit they tracked it all the way back to the south over the entire Malay peninsula. The frustrating thing is the Malay military HAD TO KNOW they had done this by the first day of the search unless they were all smoking crack all night long. Instead, all they said was we have a "small indication the plane may have started to turn back". I have met people in their military and they are not that incompetent and their equipment would be significantly better than ours 20 years ago. They are not staring at a little, round, scope with a scan line going in a circle. They have large, color flat panel monitors as part of a fully integrated detection, tracing and tracking system. They may have a few places where they do not have coverage depending on the altitude of the plane, but they would have had it on radar 90% of the time it was within 300 miles of the Malay coast as that is the whole point of military radar. An attacking jet would likely be coming in at Mach1 (faster if it is higher), contour flying at 500 feet of altitude or less and you need to be able to detect it, then scramble your own interceptors or simply prepare to launch surface to air missiles within 10-15 minutes in order to stop the potential attack.
As we all learned from Gilligan's Island these people could most certainly be marooned. Remember the SS Minnow was only on a 3 hour tour when it went missing and it took 98 episodes and the special "Rescue From Gilligan's Island" before they were eventually found.
Well, I just sat right back and heard that tale
I just love documentaries I am glad they were rescued
If they jumped on searching this area that data supposedly leads to the plane crashing in, they might actually have had a chance to find it. They lost most of that chance when they dilly dallied around the first few days after the plane had gone missing.
knowing that you only have 30 days or so before the pings die out, after the first week passed they should have went into alert and did everything possible to find the location using all this data that is just now being released. They worked like they knew they were going to find the plane and not seem to have a very good searching protocol in such situations to avoid this kind of scenario. We are paying these idiots way too much money for the jobs they do beginning with the airlines that have a 19th century tracking system and ending with the stupid Malaysian military which did nothing after spotting the plane changing direction
This is because the arrogant Malay government thought they could do it all themselves. A tiny country like that should have asked EVERYONE for help and released as MUCH information to those parties as possible. Since Malay Air is a government subsidized airline, they tried to control the info to minimize their financial loss and doomed the missing plane to the record books...and now this ranks up there with Amelia Earhart's disappearance. The company has a history of poor performance...the largest loss in 2011. They have only had 1 profitable year since 2012, and the government is determined to protect the profitability of the company.
Never mind what the world thinks as they look on and analyze the loss of all these people; what about the families of those who were unfortunate enough to be on this plane? Money means nothing if you don't have your family. I’m sick and sad to see that after all this time there is still no definitive answer as to what really happen to those onboard flight MH360. My heart goes out to the families. Insurance will cover the loss to the airline, but the families will just have a void, which no amount of money can fill.
What happened on Flight 370 was much worse than what happened on Flight 360. What do you think?
the chinese government is screaming foul and fomenting its population . while they themselves have totally "obliterated" the existence of the Tienanmen square massacre tehy themselves did to their own people, pathetic
I have heard so many lies and disinformation that I no longer believe any reports they release. Which is probably exactly what they want. sigh.
Why would the plane's computer power up again after losing fuel? If the plane runs out of fuel, the computer STILL KEEPS RUNNING. A shutdown only happen if the plane landed and was shutdown...satcom may have been disabled shortly afterwards. Fuel interruption would NOT cause the computer to go down...those computers run on inverters and battery power, not fuel. So the computer would NOT say interruption due to fuel exhaustion. It was STAY RUNNING and report the actual event of fuel exhaustion. So the fuel exhaustion claim is totally BOGUS!
If the engines stop, the plane has no power until the generators kick in, which is usually pretty quick.
the electrical will run off of the engines generators. after the engines shut down, the generators stop producing power. it takes a couple moments for the backup power to kick in. it doesnt even take a second for the computer to lose power and turn off, then it restarts and starts communicating again. look at your home after just a momentary power loss, all of your electrical after a power loss for just a second, you see the lights turn off and right back on. your computer, tv turns off.
remember that back up electrical can also be manual switched on and off by switch's on the main control panel.
Actually, if all power is lost to the "Essential Bus" and the master battery switch in the "On" position a "Ram Air Turbine" will deploy into the airstream to power primary instruments and controls. Non-essential items like galley and lav will be load shed.
Sorry, but you folks are incorrect the plane is fly by wire. The computer has constant power via a 28v bus that comes from 5 FCDC batteries. These batteries are constantly charged by the engines or any available power source on the ground. The computer is always running unless the aircraft is fully shutdown then restarted.
Ten years from now someone will stumble upon the wreckage a couple thousand or more miles from the predicted crash zone. They really don't have a clue.
Diego Garcia Naval base. The Russians reported their tracking the next day after it disappeared- nada in our press.
So basically, they are still guessing?
Educated guessing which is much better than uneducated guessing. It's all theory until the plane is found.
Incompetent idiots dominate government everywhere in the world. Add to that the likely fact someone was also attempting to save their own hide and you have the current scenario.
its so sad that the plane haven't found yet... may God heals the heart of the family of the missing... i pray and Hope That except of rumored wars, bullying and any issues..country will unite and help together to look for the missing plane... :'(
Since the final satellite ping tells exactly when the jet ran out of fuel, and since they know the precise distance to the satellite for the time of each of the 7 pings, There is enough info to infer the airspeed and altitude for each possible route (fuel burn rate depends on both airspeed and altitude). The possible routes vary from passing near Australia (where they searched) to a southerly route much farther east including headed straight for Kerguelen Island. The satellite ping data best fits the more easterly southern route (that is what Inmarsat had on their web site). But officials believe the underwater sounds of the black box were detected much closer to Australia which is why they stopped looking elsewhere. However, the black box beacon sounds were the WRONG FREQUENCY and were spread across too large an area to be the black box. They need to return to where the satellite ping data led them originally which is towards Kerguelen Island. They should be able to confirm the path after calculating the airspeed and altitude that matches all the data. After knowing the altitude and airspeed and direction when the jet ran out of fuel, they should duplicate in the simulator where it would have splashed. They can confirm the validity and accuracy of the calculations by comparing it to the 7 other aircraft being pinged by the satellite and measure the difference between the ping calculations and the known position of those jets
" However, the black box beacon sounds were the WRONG FREQUENCY" And yet Doug you have what experience in this field, that the experts didn't?
@GLENN: The News stories have stated the "beacon sounds" were transmitted at a frequency the was much lower than what they should have been. None of us has any fist hand information and we must go by what we read (and trust that the newsies get the story straight).
News media reported around 34 KHz instead of the 37.5 KHz. They also reported the black box maker said perhaps it is possible if the voltage is low and under a lot of pressure, but nobody ever followed up by operating black boxes about 3 miles down to prove it, and there was no discussion like should occur during an accident investigation on the specs and testing and quality assurance on black boxes to even know if this is possible even just looking at the paper records. I.E. The investigators are incompetent. And it was reported the max range of detectability of the black box beacon signals was much less that the disparate locations where the signal was detected. And they NEVER suspended a sensor anywhere near the Ocean floor where they could have quickly and strongly detected any pings (max depth was 1000 feet but should have been 10,000 feet.) And they never discuss how accurate the satellite based results are which they should know from the other flights (i.e. if the computed location/flight path for the other 7 aircraft was always within 3 miles of the known actual locations, then we would have great confidence the MH370 was within 3 miles of its calculated location).
Doug, Gross weight, true outside air temperature, altitude, and airspeed are the required data for flight performance calculations. If was airplane was aerodynamically damaged, it's all a wild assed guess as to flight performance. Other variables are constant altitude, cruise climb altitude, or maximum range on route of flight. Airspeed and altitude alone give a very basic idea of the required concept of Flight performance calculations for explanation to laymen, but real calculations require real data to work with which is not available. As a professional degreed Performance rated Flight Engineer, I see nothing but technobabble to cover the Obvious flight to an unknown airport, or a covered up shoot down.
Hank ... the data is there. 1) exact time fuel ran out 2) exact times the jet intersected 6 separate arcs. 3) assuming the jet was on a heading, altitude, and airspeed, there are only a series of linear routes it could be on for the last 6 hours. (assuming the jet autopilot settings were not changed the last 6 hours is a reasonable assumption) 4) the Doppler shift in the last 6 received satellite pings show the aircraft was headed south. What's more, Inmarsat had a plot of several southerly routes and how close each route matched the Doppler shifts for the last 6 pings. The closest matching route was to the west of the current search area. In order to intersect the 6 arcs at the right times, they also could tell what the airspeed would have to be for each of the linear routes. The farther west the route, the faster the plane was traveling and the farther south it reached. Since the time is known when the fuel ran out, one can calculate backwards for each route with it's own airspeed, what altitude it must have been at in order to use up the fuel at that known time for that altitude and airspeed. Thus, for each route, the altitude, airspeed, heading and location is derived. The original predicted location for splash that most closely matched the Doppler shift put the final point about 1000 miles southwest of the current search zone. All the data is available to identify the right search zone and it is not where they are now looking. ps, the best fit route appears to be headed directly for Kerguelen Island which may be what the pilot entered into the autopilot as a destination for a possible safe water landing on the large lake near the shore to escape detection and survive. This post script is conjecture since the pilot would have errored to think he could reach it. But if the route proves to be at the most efficient altitude and airspeed, then it certainly has credibility.
Hank ... if the plane was mistakenly shot down over land (or hijacked to a runway), then Inmarsat would have to be in on it. Two clues of this is the case would be 1) the long time before actually releasing the data to outsiders (more time to construct an airtight alibi and more time to allow public interest to subside). 2) you would expect Inmarsat to operate a fail safe redundant system, especially since they have 11 satellites. Thus you would expect there to be ping data or at least Doppler data from an additional satellite. But if it were a cover up, then Inmarsat would want fuzzy results to make it hard to prove they were wrong. Clock synchronization between satellites would allow triangulation from two satellite arcs from the same ping. Note, with clock synchronization, the 2nd satellite would not need to transmit the ping, just record the response to the ping. Also additional dual Doppler data would provide enough data to identify the direction & airspeed of the jet during each of the 6 pings.
So much was covered up in all this. What I do know is that I will NEVER fly on anything operated by Malaysia Airlines.
Waste of time, waste of money, hopeless effort. Just stop already.
Scorned people are known to join law enforcement with the sole purpose of seeking never-ending revenge against men of substance & quality by way of profiling.
And here we go with more speculations instead of actual proof.
We are looking at the end of the flight path. Does this really mean that the plane went down after running out of fuel or if it was ditched earlier? Just an assumption.
Malaysia - no wonder they've been occupied so often - they don't own responsibility.
Must be a lot more about this missing 777 than they are telling. My main question why no type of floating wreckage is found anywhere. Also, I still have doubts the crew could cloak this aircraft 100% without still being tracked.
Signal departs plane at time X. It arrives at satellite at time Y. The math is pretty simple, actually.
Not exactly. That will only give you a plot of the circumference of a circle with a known radius. Each ping (and they were not close together) gives you another circle. You then look at the rational possibilities associated with plotting a possible flight trajectory which can link the circumferences resulting a two separate arcs of probabilistic positioning. These arcs would exhibit almost, but not quite perfect bilateral symmetry. The real question is whether or not they can use the Doppler effect on these signals along with the very small asymmetries associated with satellite and earth surface position changes over a period of several hours to reliably determine where the plane was most likely following the northern arc or the southern arc. The Doppler effect causes a frequency change in the signal between where it is sent and where it is received which lets you know the relative speed of changing the distances between the signal source and the place it is received. This is how Doppler radar works, but normally speaking, it would not let you know which of the two arcs you were on as the relative velocity between the plane and the satellite could be nearly identical. It will be interesting to see the calculations and the logic they used to come up with the probabilistic model, but it likely combines the asymmetries mentioned above and airflow patterns over the surface of the earth to help determine the most likely path. Those capable of doing the math simply want to review both the raw data and the logic that was used in the calculations.
That might give the distance, but not the direction. Even the temperature of the satellite antennae make a difference ...
This is breaking news?! We still don't know any more now than we did yesterday before this report was released. All it is is the written form of everything we were previously fed verbally. And the experts say this written form doesn't include the necessary information to be able to substantiate Inmarsat's findings or to be able to shed additional light on what happened to the plane, and its passengers and crew, and why.
Imagine... You unlock this door with the key of imagination. Beyond it is another dimension - a dimension of sound, a dimension of sight, a dimension of mind,a dimension of flight You're moving into a land/air of both shadow and substance, of things and ideas. You've just crossed over into the Twilight Zone
"We are not experts and we cannot analyze the raw data, but we need to see the deduction process and judge by ourselves if every step was solid," I feel bad for them BUT, this is just idiocy... If you can't analyze the raw data, you're not qualified to judge if the deduction process was solid. It would be like people who don't know anything about special circuits trying to evaluate my troubleshooting steps on a DS1.
Does this have anything to do with the dispute with China over rights in the South China sea. China claims ownership inside the international 200 Nautical mile zone. Less than 50 miles from Malaysia.
It doesn’t make sense to me that a pilot who decided to commit suicide would want to fly all the way over to the Indian Ocean to hide the plane so it wouldn’t be found. It makes more sense that he would decide to steal a plane worth hundreds of millions and fly it to an island in the Indian Ocean that had an airstrip large enough to land. As far as the data released it seems strange that people are complaining that they released all the data they had instead of the 2-3 pages that had useful information. Obviously they wanted to make it clear that they were not censoring any of the information they had.
A bunch of worthless dead communists.
The final report states the following: "We don't know what the hell happened to it. But now we're going to watch every plane on the planet every second of the day that it's engines are running anywhere on earth".
It's agonizingly hard to find peace without closure. At this point, I think that's all anyone can hope for. Unfortunately, it seems this "new" data will provide little to ease anyone's mind. Too little, too late.
When they finally find this plane in a few years, and realize it was simply lost in a vast ocean that a reckless and inept govt was too ignorant to ask for help with before it was too late, all the conspiracy theorists will be sad that it was a plane crash that only seemed mysterious because of the bumbling Malaysian govt. Remember how long it took to find the Air france flight? And they even knew where that one went down...now imagine having no idea where to start looking.
I'm just still amazed that with the technology in the world today that our taxes have paid for and the scientist needed grants for, how in the heck can they still not find this plane? But yet can spot planets light years away from earth? Really have lost my belief in science. Wanna discuss global warming, climate change???
From the sound of things, the Southern Indian ocean search has been an exercise in deep water mapping, and nothing more.
Finally, reports are starting to hint at underwater listening devices scattered throughout the world's oceans since at least the mid-sixties (to monitor nuclear testing and submarine movements) that may provide some information regarding where she went down IF, in fact, she crashed into the ocean. I've been wondering since day one when anything would come out about the role such technology could play in determining what happened, when, and where (I suspect much of the technology is still so highly classified that no one wants to admit to anything it reveals because such an admission would admit to the existence of the technology itself and give some indication of its capabilities, which is a lot more than most people think [think the "USS Scorpion" disaster in 1968]).
No kidding? Ya think something like that may have something to do with any kind of with holding of information or lack of response from governments reguarding this missing plane. No, it can't possibly be that. It has to be some government conspiracy. That's all our minds can think of.
So, you really think that some mysterious spy organization or some government planted hundreds, if not thousands of listening devices in all the world's oceans just in case? Heck, I know that we are all being monitored in way to many ways, but this is a bit much. Yep - a big conspiracy. If it is - why this plane? Why this time? What supposed important thing or person was this plane carrying? Sometimes what it looks like is just what it is - a couple pilots with an agenda. I think they decided to crash the plane. That they waited until the fuel ran out is just stupid, but they obviously thought that was a really great way to go out and take a whole bunch with them. Why don't these cowards just blow their brains out and not take hundreds with them?
Diogenes, a good book about the USS Scorpion disaster is "Blind Man's Bluff". came out around 2000 when the info became unclassified and they quickly re-classified the info.
Elizabeth, Sonar listening devices WERE planted in the oceans to detect Soviet submarines. Educate yourself, information is free.
"So, you really think that some mysterious spy organization or some government planted hundreds, if not thousands of listening devices in all the world's oceans just in case?" Actually Elizabeth, during the cold war thousands of devices were indeed planted in the worlds oceans to monitor Soviet submarine activity. These same devises have also allowed marine scientists to listen to the sounds of the oceans, and make some interesting discoveries. Tell me, how is the weather under the dome?
YOU KNOW ALL THESE LISTENING DEVICES EVERYONE IS TALKING ABOUT BEING PLANTED IN THE OCEANS MAY BE TRUE,,BUT ?,,ARENT THEY POWERED BY A BATTERY OF SOME TYPE,IF SO HOW LONG WOULD THESE BATTERIES LAST,,I DONT KNOW JUST ASKING,,, I MEAN THEY CANT BE SOLAR POWERED AND TO CALL THESE PILOTS COWARDS IS JUST PLAIN BULL SHEET,,SINCE NO ONE EVEN HAS A GOOD CLUE OF WHAT HAPPENED TO THE PLANE,,NO IDEAL OF ANY KIND WITH ANY EVIDENCE AT ALL,AT THE BEGINNING I MADE SEVERAL STUPID COMMENTS TO,,,BUT I STILL REALLY FEEL THAT THE MALAYSIA MILITARY SHOT THE PLANE DOWN WHEN IT ENTERED THEIR RADAR NOT KNOWING WHO IT WAS BECAUSE MAYBE THEY COULDN'T MAKE RADIO CONTACT, THEN AFTER THEY SHOT IT DOWN CLEANED IT UP FAST AND SENT THE SEARCH IN THE WRONG DIRECTION HOPING THE BATTERIES WOULD BE DEAD ON THE BLACK BOXES BEFORE ANYONE COULD FIGURE OUT TO SEARCH THAT AREA ,,AND YA I MAY BE WRONG TO,,BUT WHY DID MALAYSIA SEND THE SEARCH IN THE WRONG DIRECTION ON THE FIRST DAY,IF THIS DIDNT HAPPEN,I STILL SAY SOMEONE KNOWS WHERE THE PLANE IS AND WHAT HAPPENED TO THE PLANE,,AND WHY COULDNT THEY FAKE THE RADAR WITH A DIFFERENT PLANE AFTER THEY SHOT IT DOWN,,,THERES JUST TO MUCH MISSING ,,I SAY OFFER A 10 MILLIONG DOLLAR REWARD TO INFORMATION LEADING TO THE LOCATION OF THE PLANE,,NOT SOME SMALL PIECES OF PLANE,,THE PLANE,THAT WOULD HAVE OTHER SALVAGE COMPANIES OUT LOOKING FOR IT TO AND SAVE MONEY ON THE SEARCH AND SPEED IT UP,BECAUSE THEY WOULD BEING THE SEARCH ON THEIR OWN DIME TRYING TO GET THE 10 MILL,,AND POSSIBLY SOMEONE THAT KNOWS WHAT HAPPENED TO THE PLANE MIGHT SPEAK UP,,,AT THIS POINT EVEN IF THEY FIND THE PLANE MOST WILL NEVER BELIEVE WHAT THEY SAY ANYHOW NOW,IF PEOPLE COMMIT SUICIDE THEY MOST THE TIME LEAVE A NOTE OR TELL SOMEONE WE WILL ONLY EVER KNOW WHAT THEY WANT US TO,,THATS LIKE THE TWA FLIGHT 800 OFF THE COAST OF NEW YORK,,,SEVERAL PEOPLE SEEN 1 OR 2 MISSILES FLYING TOWARDS THE JET,,,BUT THEY WERE ALL CALLED LIERS OR SAID THEY DIDNT SEE WHAT THEY THOUGHT,,ONE WITNESS WAS VIETNAM VETERAN WHO KNEW WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE,,,SOMEONE KNOWS,,
LOL, I know Nick my ears are still ringing.
Internet etiquette is lost to our society I'm afraid.
Nick, manners and etiquette as a whole are a mere remnant of the past.
Just a thought, why can't the information gathered by the flight data recorder be transmitted to a ground source to be stored until the flight has reached its destination and then deleted if no cause for further examination of data is required?
answer: it can be....it just costs a lot of money to equip all the planes in the world to do that and airlines are struggling with fuel prices and internet fares.
400 lbs of lithium ion cell phone battery in the cargo may have something to do with the disappearing MH 370 airplane. They are highly flammable if not handled properly.
Lost in all this is the fact that 200 kilos (440 LBS) of lithium ion batteries where on board as cargo. If they where improperly loaded and/or secured and where damaged on taxi or takeoff, then you have major problems. If they where damaged and you had thermal runaway, the resulting fire would be catastrophic. I also read somewhere that the gas given off by a lithium ion fire is arsenic gas, but I can't find the reference now. If this is true, that would explain the crews incapacitation.
We have equipment that monitors for explosions, earthquakes, etc in the water, earth, sky, etc and if this plane exploded it would have picked up on something. BTW, when we were stationed in Hawaii I used to sell Avon. About 2/3 times a yr the pilot would refuse the shipment because it was so flammable. Fuel is flammable, Cleaning supplies are flammable. Oxygen is flammable. Amazing we didn't blow up all the planes when we were smoking during flights back in the 50s/60s/70s.
nick - how do you know they were turning to avoid detection? seems like a loaded statement without any facts. could just as easily been turning back to the airport when they were incapacitated somehow. we don't know.
No one can believe what Malaysia says about this aircraft disaster.
ALL they have released is through Airlines not spending the money for much needed improvements,(that are available) and Governments not communicating Even in a time of Emergency when time was utmost, THEY HAVE NO IDEA WHERE THE PLANE IS, Just fueling more Conspiracy theories until sometime in the Distance Future when might be accidentally found !
The world will never know the truth about what really happen to flight MH370 because the Malaysian government and governments of the other nationalities of the passengers onboard the doomed flight, do not want us to know. My theory is, there has been an exchange of these people onboard flight MH370 for other worldly beings, not of this world. Yep, I know many will say, Wyatt your crazy, right? Well, if someone has a better theroy then mind and these stupid governments and so called experts that say MH370 ran out of fuel, #$%$", I say give it up.
Wyatt, why is it more likely that "other worldly beings" exist AND that they are tangled up with governments than that the plane ran out of fuel??!
The plane landed in rural western Australia. It was kidnapped for and by terrorists. It's covered up with foliage and netting to camouflage it. They want to use it like a cruise missile. Same way they used the 9/11 planes.
FH, riiiiight...and the evidence supporting your wild speculation might be what?
I think that it is better that the algorithms were not released. What is the point of doing the same math over again and arriving at the same answer? Hopefully with different minds and different assumptions, a better search area may be defined.
This satellite data is full of holes like Swiss cheese, all 239 passengers have already been pronounced dead by the Malaysian PM so no reason to dwell on useless info. Malaysia's track record on timely responses is totally unacceptable, right now this country should be initiating the judicial proceedings to start charging the officials who failed to respond to the loss of the plane. Yet we know they will keep dragging their feet in an effort to protect their incompetent people.
You are pointing the finger at the wrong people. The Chinese are the people to be looking at. The plane never showed up on their radar but, they made no mention of that for over 3+ hours.
Blah Blah Blah. You idiots keep talking like there's hope. Stop already get a life. The plane went into an abyss like on the show Lost. So there is no point in worrying about it. ( yeah now people will get angry well its my theory )
Someone with your sensitivity (or lack of it) doesn't seem to get it Un-Nuts!!! The families of 239 people would disagree with you. They want to know what happened to their loved ones!!! And IF those passengers perished, of which I have no doubt at this point, those families STILL need closure knothead!!!
This is just more noise to confuse the issue more. This could have been released weeks ago and as others have pointed out, only a small fraction of it is even applicable. Too many "dropped balls" on this and the whole thing stinks. The Malaysian Military ignores an unidentified aircraft that won't respond and is sending no data yet no general gets his wings clipped? A plane full of tech people with cell phones and there is not one single call? Deliberate disabling of the tracking systems on an international flight and no one is suspicious for hours? That plane may be at the bottom of the indian ocean, but the why is still being hidden and hundreds of people lost their lives over something that someone doesn't want known. Now its just smoke and mirrors and hope everyone will forget about it.
You're as dumb as a box of rocks.
@JACKSONSTILES: You're not adding to the conversation.
That's what I thought too Debra. Why nobody noticed or did anything about an unidentified aircraft that made a crazy maneuver then flew back over Malaysia. It's not like it was a little plane. Who knows what Malaysian officials have gotten fired over not noticing as I doubt they're saying anything about that. I can understand the cell phone question. Most people shut their phones off at take-off or put it in airplane mode. Unless you have a satellite phone, you're not going to get reception to call anyone. Who even knows if someone was preventing the passengers from calling anyone. Somehow the airplane's communication devices were disabled so who knows what else happened. I'm still amazed that with all the military satellite technology the world claims to have, it either wasn't being used or couldn't be used to analyze the ocean garbage seen in the 2nd, 3rd or 4th search area before boats could get there.
"This could have been released weeks ago and as others have pointed out, only a small fraction of it is even applicable." I suppose you wanted the raw data edited so that only applicable data was released.
Cell phones don't work as you climb out, and there are no cell towers out at sea.
This is not a conversation, it is another conspiracy nut with some hair brained theory of why it is a conspiracy, lmmfao.
@ Alan are we talking about Bengazi ??
The plane landed somewhere, probably where bin laden was, somewhere in Pakistan. The US offered very little assistance in the search which is very unusual considering US involvement in past plane crashes was very high, this is because our government knows the plane didn't go down. I'm not saying our government is behind it or anything, they just don't want to cause a panic by telling the US citizens that terrorists have a jumbo jet in their hands. In a few years from now when this has all been forgotten, the plane will fly again with a new coat of paint and a crew of terrorists and a payload of explosives(hopefully not nuclear) and then we will have another catastrophe on our hands. I hope I'm wrong.
The terrorists you mention are within our own government and departments and related to the Zio- Likudniks in Israel.
Sorry Mike, don't know where you've been, but the US did have an involvement and considering that it had very little connection to the event, it was noteworthy.
@ Wayne - I don't know where you have been that you haven't heard of 9/11. A plane goes missing and a country that has been attacked by hijacked planes calls off it's search. I'd say thats a big connection. Especially since there were employees of an American based company on board the plane.
So to summarize, we have no idea what the hell happened to the plane...but here is a bunch of numbers you can use to solve it yourself!
Releasing the data now is redundant. The Malaysian government has had plenty of time to doctor up the reports to read as they wish for it to be. This should have been released at the onset of the search. Not saying they did, but you can't prove otherwise now.
My question is, what happened with those two underwater pings they heard??? The Australian Prime Minister got up on the mic in that press conference stressing how he thinks it will be found "very soon"... Then the pings fade out & now you suddenly don't know where it is??? Man, sometimes all you can do is shake your head. I guess they all think we have "stupid" written on our foreheads, just as they did on 9/11.
I don't know if the missing plane ran out of fuel,but the Malaysian government has run out of credibility!
you are assuming that they had credibility in the first place...
Expecting Malaysia to be TRANSPARENT on this is like expecting OVOMIT to be transparent and truthful on anything. You may as well be talking to an empty chair.
All Planes that fly should have several systems that can be tracked by the airlines and the manufacture. The Manufacture GPS Data should nor could be possibly turned off by someone in the plane. It should be kept separate so that the manufacture can remotely monitor the planes performance etc. With the cost of these planes, this amount of data and cost of monitoring is pennies.
Can't stand this 3world anymore. bunch lies
I still believe that the plane blew up in mid-air and disintegrated. A news report stated that fisherman on the northern part of the Indian Ocean (far North than Australia) viewed a mid-air explosion a day after the plane turned up missing. If this is so, then they would never find the plane. Still to this day, why didn't the plane dump its fuel and return back to Kuoloa Lampur. Someone on that plane set off a bomb and blew it out of the air. I do not believe the pilots purposely ditched the plane in the Ocean. Why would they fly that far south to Australia.
I agree your thumbs down quickly shows the stupid people on yahoo. They believe anything official. there freaking nuts. They will never find the plane just like Amelia's the size of a plane is nothing compared to the ocean. Couldn't even find the Titantic and knew where it was. They were rescued weren't they? How's that experts.......
Baloney. There would have been evidence. Oil slicks, pieces of wreckage. The plane went down in one piece. It fell out of the sky after it ran out of fuel. All the people, including the pilots, had long since been dead. I think the plane suffered explosive decompression and the last thing the pilots tried to do before they passed out and then died with everyone else was turn the plane around to head back to the airport. You know, sometimes the simplest explanations are the truth.
Even if it ran out of fuel and crashed/landed in a choppy Indian ocean, it would had to have been a perfect landing to not break into thousands of pieces. Think what happens to your car in a 40 mph crash, now take that approach to a jumbo jet hitting water at speeds between 150-600mph all depending on approach angle and if the engines had power. And an decompression makes little sense because the pilots have their own oxygen supply in case of an emergency that lasts much longer than the cabin's. These pilots would've radio'd in and how were the gps and radar tracking systematically disabled? You can't believe in coincidence in this circumstance, that being said we will probably never know what happened because a group of people don't want us to.
I think it was abducted by a UFO. The passengers are being tested like a lab rat by the ailens.
There a plenty of sea disasters over history where the wrecks were never found. We really need to reevaluate the value of spending massive amounts of money, time and manpower to uncover this airplane. If you want to spend money, give it to the survivors families to compensate them at least partially for their extreme and profound losses.
Ah, I see you have the machine that goes ping. This is my favorite. You see we lease it back from the company we sold it to and that way it comes under the monthly current budget and not the capital account. [Everyone in the room applauds]
So again, we don't know? the usual story. Please contact us when this plane mystery is solved.
Damn how sad, its been so long I actually forgot about the missing plane.
About the only thing the Malaysian government does know is that the plane didn't arrive at Beijing, and that's only because the Chinese government told them so.
That and it took the Chinese 3+ hours to report that fact. Makes you wonder a bit doesn't it...
Too bad Tattoo from Fantasy Island isn't still alive. He'd be able to find da plane.
Everybody is furious and angry at those government idiots in charge of this case. Late data released, searching the wrong are, lack of cooperation with in them self and public. Were this people even had some educational background even before they were hire?
I think it is where Gen Mcinerrney said it is in E Iran or W Pakistan. I think it will be used in a future attack. What happened to the passengers who knows. Maybe when pilot took it up to 45k ft he killed them all. My theory is it will be painted to look like an Israeli commercial aircraft and used against Israel in the future.
I was leaning a little more west towards Yemen or Somalia, but all options are still on the table. I just can't buy, after 911, that the US, China, Russia don't have eyes on the skies regarding everything.
They virtually guaranteed that by the time they discover the crash site and process the data, whoever is found to be responsible (if not on board the plane) will be dead and buried.
BREAKING NEWS,,,,MORE LIES SAME STORY DIFFERENT HEADLINES LIKE ALWAYS,, Malaysia releases Fake satellite data on missing jet, YOU KNOW ALL THESE LISTENING DEVICES EVERYONE IS TALKING ABOUT BEING PLANTED IN THE OCEANS MAY BE TRUE,,BUT ?,,ARENT THEY POWERED BY A BATTERY OF SOME TYPE,IF SO HOW LONG WOULD THESE BATTERIES LAST,,I DONT KNOW JUST ASKING,,, I MEAN THEY CANT BE SOLAR POWERED AND TO CALL THESE PILOTS COWARDS IS JUST PLAIN BULL SHEET,,SINCE NO ONE EVEN HAS A GOOD CLUE OF WHAT HAPPENED TO THE PLANE,,NO IDEAL OF ANY KIND WITH ANY EVIDENCE AT ALL,AT THE BEGINNING I MADE SEVERAL STUPID COMMENTS TO,,,BUT I STILL REALLY FEEL THAT THE MALAYSIA MILITARY SHOT THE PLANE DOWN WHEN IT ENTERED THEIR RADAR NOT KNOWING WHO IT WAS BECAUSE MAYBE THEY COULDN'T MAKE RADIO CONTACT, THEN AFTER THEY SHOT IT DOWN CLEANED IT UP FAST AND SENT THE SEARCH IN THE WRONG DIRECTION HOPING THE BATTERIES WOULD BE DEAD ON THE BLACK BOXES BEFORE ANYONE COULD FIGURE OUT TO SEARCH THAT AREA ,,AND YA I MAY BE WRONG TO,,BUT WHY DID MALAYSIA SEND THE SEARCH IN THE WRONG DIRECTION ON THE FIRST DAY,IF THIS DIDNT HAPPEN,I STILL SAY SOMEONE KNOWS WHERE THE PLANE IS AND WHAT HAPPENED TO THE PLANE,,AND WHY COULDNT THEY FAKE THE RADAR WITH A DIFFERENT PLANE AFTER THEY SHOT IT DOWN,,,THERES JUST TO MUCH MISSING ,,I SAY OFFER A 10 MILLIONG DOLLAR REWARD TO INFORMATION LEADING TO THE LOCATION OF THE PLANE,,NOT SOME SMALL PIECES OF PLANE,,THE PLANE,THAT WOULD HAVE OTHER SALVAGE COMPANIES OUT LOOKING FOR IT TO AND SAVE MONEY ON THE SEARCH AND SPEED IT UP,BECAUSE THEY WOULD BEING THE SEARCH ON THEIR OWN DIME TRYING TO GET THE 10 MILL,,AND POSSIBLY SOMEONE THAT KNOWS WHAT HAPPENED TO THE PLANE MIGHT SPEAK UP,,,AT THIS POINT EVEN IF THEY FIND THE PLANE MOST WILL NEVER BELIEVE WHAT THEY SAY ANYHOW NOW,IF PEOPLE COMMIT SUICIDE THEY MOST THE TIME LEAVE A NOTE OR TELL SOMEONE WE WILL ONLY EVER KNOW WHAT THEY WANT US TO,,THATS LIKE THE TWA FLIGHT 800 OFF THE COAST OF NEW YORK,,,SEVERAL PEOPLE SEEN 1 OR 2 MISSILES FLYING TOWARDS THE JET,,,BUT THEY WERE ALL CALLED LIERS OR SAID THEY DIDNT SEE WHAT THEY THOUGHT,,ONE WITNESS WAS VIETNAM VETERAN WHO KNEW WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE,,,SOMEONE KNOWS,,
I can't believe the US, China, Russia, etc, don't have "eyes" on everything in the skies. After 911 we just allow planes to fly off into the unknown with whatever cargo or agenda they have? I'm not buying it.
"There are probably two or three pages of important stuff, the rest is just noise. It doesn't add any value to our understanding." And if the investigators didn't supply all the data the public would be complaining that they were hiding something. They obviously know which data is relevant, stop complaining and start analyzing.
Who are the public supposed to believe anymore? One news agency states that the Malaysian government admitted that the plane had been hijacked and landed somewhere, one news agency states that the plane crashed in the Indian Ocean and yet no debris is found, and yet another news (HAHAHAHA) states the plane landed on the moon, the sad thing is that there are those that actually believe the last supermarket tabloid. Until there is evidence and debris, all is speculation.
You realize that this is becoming a non story right? Ninety days later and nothing. The Malaysian air traffic control really screwed up big.
Somebody knows what happened. It would be crazy to think that the U.S. (after 9/11) doesn't track planes around the world. We have so many military bases around the world that would be an easy target.
So we now know nothing than before... GOD BLESS all those who perished and their families...
The Malaysians have no clue what they are doing!
If we can have the technology to see thousands of light years into space,why can't we find a way to see things under the surface of the water from a satellite? there has to be a way to do it.
Nice of them to share at this point. How much do you spend on this very sad but they are all dead my thoughts and prayers go out to all but it's not my family I might think differently if. it was my child but if it is sunk it is now there grave. The amount of money being spent on this could be used to feed people. I could be looking at this all wrong if you think so or have a better way to look at it please let me know.
Charles, if you really don't care, why are you posting? Actions are a big betrayer of truths, wouldn't you agree?
A UFO will eventually drop them off at Devil's Tower, Wyoming along with others that disappeared in the Bermuda Triangle.
This plane vanished. It won't ever be found. It was diliberately ditched intact by the pilot or someone who knew about geography, oceanography, meteorology, Boeing systems, navigation, and piloting to make it disappear. It's called "lost at sea". Forget about it already. Spending massive amounts of money on this won't prove a thing or make flying any safer.
CNN will be covering and stretching this new information for 2 weeks in a row.
The plane was abducted by aliens.
This is modern day mystery #1, thanks to the useless Malaysian Government.
BFD: They released 45 pages of raw satellite data that was unable to help them find the missing plane. Whoopdie-doo. To be perfectly honest, I don't even give a d*mn anymore. We don't need any more "news" about that plane crash until, or, more probably, IF they ever accidently stumble upon it. Until then, we have more important things to catch up on, like Kim & Kantye's honeymoon, Justin Bieber's next scuffle with the law, and which Hollyweird celebrity is divorcing whomever.
Why are they halting the search for a couple of month until they get the new equipment? Why not continue with the equipment they have until the new stuff is ready?
This is just he worst nightmare for the people with loved ones on that flight. Dead, missing, and no explanation as to why they were taken from them,
I said it 3 months ago, and i say it now , they still have no clue where it is, and how can that really be?
"The mystery also has nurtured speculation and wild conspiracy theories." It took the Malaysian government 3 Months to release satellite data when relatives have demanded so from week one. Who wouldn't think there is something aloof that the Malaysian government doesn't want to let on to. I hope when and if all this is unraveled that those guilty of a cover-up are disciplined accordingly. One thing I can say for sure. Malaysia knows more than they are letting on to. If they scrambled jets when Flight 370 flew back over Malaysia and into the Indian Ocean, then why were they originally searching in the South China Sea. And when Thailand reported to Malaysia that it had lost contact with Flight 370, why did it take several hours for Malaysia to do anything? As far as I can see these very important questions have never been answered by Malaysia and should be. I don't believe we have seen the last of flight 370!
Actually, no jets were ever scrambled. The head of the airforce here in Malaysia stated that nothing was deployed since the object appearing on the military radar seemed "non hostile". Basically, no action was taken.
Do you think the relatives can even understand the raw satellite data? I suspect without training on equipment used; that would be meaningless.
What the hell good would it have done for the Malaysian government to release what it did not have? Now these "scientists" and "experts" are #$%$ and moaning because the government released 47 pages of information and only 3 pages are relevant? Yeah -- and if the government had released only 3 pages they would be #$%$ and moaning that the government was withholding information from them that the needed, and therefore the government is guilty of some kind of cover up or complicity in a gigantic plot to kill 239 people and keep the location of their sealed plane tomb a secret forever. Get real, people.
Totally agree. We have NOT seen the last of this airplane. Their story on certain details has changed so many times, why???? No reason for small details to keep changing if there is nothing to hide.
Sorry David but you're way off. Virtually all of the information you mentioned was gathered days later and some didn't even occur. Military radar operators don't get too excited about blips passing by, especially when they have no know threats.
Wow. Now there are complaints that too much data was released. Of course, if only the relevant stuff had been put out, the Chinese families would be shrieking that secrets had been hidden. The Malaysian government's response may have been clumsy, but my sympathy for those people has evaporated under the torrent of shrill demands. It's the whole "Middle Kingdom" mentality on display for the world to see.
Funny that the person leading the demand for data is a white lady.
Seems like it would be a good idea to include navigation and location data along with the planes status.
Hurry up so I can watch the new Air Crash Investigation episode of this.
None data will be helpful for investigation as the criminal that caused the missing of MH370 also control the satellite information. Do you think they will expose themselves?
When you hear all the assumptions about the "ping" etc., I would say that the next step that should be taken would be to make the "pings" that are sent out by the boxes specific to that particular aircraft. One of the things you will note is that they cant tell if the ping was from this or that. They could not tell if the ping that went to the left was the same plane, etc. Well, with today's technology the boxes should be coded so that the pings it sends out will define the plane it is emanating from.
They do. Otherwise they wouldn't know which plane to perform the necessary maintenance. These are engine maintenance signals.
The black box signals are specific to aircraft. There is no real need for individual recognition because there aren't a lot of lost black boxes.
The article is not talking about black box pings. It's talking about the engine maintenance satellite pings.
The entire discussion below is to convince people that we can make flying as close as possible to being crash proof or zero risk. The two prototype Jumbo Jets with the LES safety feature (described below) that will survive mechanical failures, anomalous fatal wind shifts/patterns/microbursts, structural failure, pilot error/suicide/terrorism, a bomb attack (due to its compartmentalization features ), and marketed/advertised as crash proof planes ( in comparison to the present jumbo jets ) can only be afforded by the upper middle class, just like only the wealthy being able to afford the very first commercial flight in America in 1914. A typical luxury suite on the Queen Mary 2 cruise trip is $18,000 per person and yet those suites are in demand, so similarly, if the two prototype LES Jets are marketed/advertised as crash proof planes ( in comparison to the present planes), there will be a great demand for such planes, even though the ticket prices might be three or four times the present amount and just as the very first commercial flight was only afforded by the wealthy, over time, ticket prices for the LES safety Jet should come down dramatically. The following is only for those who believe that planes do crash, even though the risk of crashing is miniscule and for those who believe, that the planes that they will fly in for the rest of their lives will never crash, please do not read beyond this point, thanks. FOR THOSE WHO HAVE ADD or who cannot get through even one page of a book, I am sorry the post is long. Copy and paste this post in your computer's notepad file under the title " two prototype LES Jets" and then try reading a few sentences a day and before long, you would have got through to the end. For those who say we can never "guarantee" a safe flight, I say we cannot guarantee a safe car ride either, so does that mean we get rid of safety belts or not try to improve car safety ? People should be given the choice to still fly the same way and for those who can afford it, the two prototype LES Jets discussed below will guarantee ( statistically speaking) a safe flight , even under a bomb attack. For those who don't want the LES safety feature because its acceptable for your loved ones to be exposed to the miniscule risk of a plane crash , since flying is safe and risk is miniscule, please do not read beyond this point. But for those who are not happy with plane crashes and for those whose family members and loved ones were involved in plane crashes and for those who think flying is not safe enough for those involved in plane crashes, read on but also remember, people should still be given a choice. Boeing should keep manufacturing the regular jumbos jets and at the same time ( through heavy investments by world governments) Boeing should also manufacture ( just ) two prototype jumbo jets with the LES safety feature described below that only upper middle class passengers can afford and also, the two prototype LES featured Boeing Jets will also be for those who save up their money over years since flying is not essential these days due to video conferencing over the internet that makes flying not a necessity. Since people are willing to pay $200,000 per ticket (500 tickets sold in 2012) for a Virgin Galactic space flight , I am pretty sure tickets on the two LES featured prototype Boeing Jets will be sold out, especially if the ticket prices are just three or four times the present amount and if the two LES planes are marketed as bomb proof and for those who want to fly cheap, Boeing can continue with the usual "status quo" cheap flights for those who don't mind a plane that does not have the LES safety feature. The discussion below is only meant for those who want to have a much safer flight by paying as much as three or even four times the present ticket price by guaranteeing you or your loved ones will survive a bomb attack on your flight. Remember, the first commercial flight (on 1/1/14) was 21 miles from St. Petersburg and Tampa and cost the wealthy passenger (Abram Pheil) $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below are incorporated on the two prototype Boeing Jets. The whole discussion can be summed up in one sentence: World governments should invest heavily in Boeing to conduct feasibility studies on the next generation of a scalable prototype of a launch escape system ( LES) that proved to be effective as early as 1983 and safety technology has greatly improved over the past thirty years since 1983 ( the last time a LES was successfully used ). Search google under patents approved : US20110233341 ( the patent is not comprehensive so further patents will have to be issued to Boeing if Boeing decides to proceed with the LES project ). I am pretty sure that those who wanted to go to the moon were called dumb and their ideas were considered dumber so considering the skeptics regarding the first moon landing project, the lesson to be learned is "nothing beats a failure but a try", especially considering the fact that our space technology has advanced in the past 45 years since man first stood on the moon. Yes, the price of tickets might triple if all the safety measures listed below are implemented but at the same time, if passengers know that they are going to have a very safe flight, more people might start travelling by air (keeping the cost down ) plus in this internet age, almost all business and personal visits can be done through video conferencing, so air travel will not be a necessity and in the future, hyper-speed ground transportation in six-seat, bombproof, bullet capsules using magnetic levitation in steel tubes called a Hyperloop might be a better alternative to air travel as envisioned by Elon Musk, the founder of Tesla. Remember, the first commercial flight by the very first passenger was 21 miles and cost $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below (on two prototype Boeing Jets) are incorporated. Its easy to say that corporations make safe products until you or your loved ones are a victim of a preventable fatality that the corporation could have prevented with a product that cost three or four times more due to the added safety features ( listed below ). I rather pay three or four times more if I knew that the product is safer than safe because I do not wish anybody being buried alive and dying a slow excruciating death due to freezing temperatures or being burned alive if, that death could have been prevented with added safety features that made the product cost three or four times more. The question you have to ask is, is money more important to you than life itself ? I really do not know what it is like to see the trembling little hands of babies and kids, trying to reach out to their moms (for help ) while being in total darkness and in excruciating pain from being drowned alive or being burned alive. I rather spend $4000 on a ticket than pay $1000 on a ticket and in saving money, I see my loved ones perish before my very eyes knowing that her life might have been saved if I had paid more money for added safety features. Since Boeing cannot guarantee your safety or the safety of your loved ones , world governments should invest heavily in Boeing to do feasibility studies on the economics of making planes even safer using the latest LES (launch escape systems). The launch escape system (LES) was first used on 9/26/83. The Soyuz T-10-1 rocket caught fire, just before launch, and the LES carried the crew capsule clear, seconds before the rocket exploded. The crew landed 4 kilometers (2.5 mi) from the launch pad. The Soyuz LES system also had grid fins mounted on the payload fairing that deployed to stabilize the craft. Similarly, world governments should invest heavily in Boeing on the next generation of LES whereby TWO PROTOTYPE LES JUMBO JETS WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING FEATURES: an autonomous, robotic, triple redundancy, three dimensional radar system mounted on all sides of the plane ( that creates a three dimensional picture of the area around the plane ) triggers a triple redundancy catastrophic indicator system that automatically cuts off all engines, strategically placed detonation devices breaks up the plane into four parachute equipped pieces ( the cockpit section, the tail section and the rest of the plane is split right down the middle ), in order to release four seater escape pods that are bombproof, floatable, pressurized, four-seat ejection pods (having their own collision avoidance system) that are ejected out of the plane while the collision avoidance system operates thrusters that prevent the pods from being knocked by the plane or other ejection pods in mid-air before deploying the parachutes. Other safety measures at each service interval should include an empty plane on a moving platform, going through a gigantic chamber equipped with x-rays, sonar and lasers to detect any structural defects or stress and each plane should be equipped with its own radar system and counter measures to avoid microburst formations, small meteorites, other small planes and man-made missiles.
You should be arrested for wasting my nap time!
Wow that was a lot of words, most of which promoted a technology and/or system which is completely unworkable in the commercial air traffic system and just in the way people live. Triple the cost? Get real. Visits through videoconferencing? For a business peer, maybe, but family, no. Crash proof? No such thing... if a pilot wants to nose-dive into a mountainside (or similar suicidal move), no technology is going to stop that.
@garyc, I am assuming you did not read the post because, I never said crash proof, I said as close as possible to crash proof ( big difference )
The bottom line, when you use strange calculations, and hide the data for weeks that led you to those results, it only makes people all the more suspicious of your motives. In this case, they are absolutely right to be suspicious. Governments should not be hiding pertinent information from relatives who have missing people to worry about, or mourn. Information helps in their grieving process. It helps them get closure. Denying them this is an act of terrorism, as sure as any vest bomb, or mass-shooting. Not knowing is torture, and no form of torture should come from a government.
When ya hide the data, the results is the wonderful 3d Holgram image to epxplain the whole darn thing. Just like they did with Micheal Jackson.
To release data that had not yet been analyzed would be meaningless and only open more speculation. The comments here about said data proves that point. They are looking at every angle to find clues
Sooo..it is more important to give out information about your military capabilities and other technology in order to set a couple hundred peoples mind at ease than it is to protect your country by not letting your enemies know what you are capable of.
A SILK Airline crashed in the 90's with no evident cause at first....then low and behold...turned out that the pilot, did it, on purpose. He had been recently demoted, and was in deep gambling related debt. It also turned out that HE had disabled both black boxes, by pulling the breakers, prior to the suicide dive he put the plane in. Did this stop the airlines or lawmakers from making it impossible for this to happen again?....of course not
what this article doesn't say is that the data suggested the flight took TWO paths, one over the ocean AND one over land over countries such as the 'stans'... Pakistan, Afghanistan etc but those countries being very honest and open said they didn't notice anything.... it's funny...
They didn't know about Osama either LOL
The fact is that no one really knows exactly what happened and perhaps the world will never know the true details--everyone get along with the business of living.
"We are not experts and we cannot analyze the raw data, but we need to see the deduction process and judge by ourselves if every step was solid," ... If you can not analyze the raw data, then you can not tell if the deduction process is sound. The reason they weren't given this data in the first place is everyone knew they wouldn't have a clue of what to do with it. They wouldn't know what to do with the analysis either. And quite frankly there are skills and IP involved here that they simply have no right to see. You got the data you asked for, be happy with it.
This government can't be trusted in anything they say. They withheld so much critical information within the first week but it seems like we will never know what happened. The only thing worse than losing a loved one is not knowing where they have been put to rest. I just hope the search continues so these families can find some kind of closure.
Have they considered honor killing? One pilot's slutty family member was on board and the plane was taken down as an act of honor in the name of Allah. Nothing would surprise me.
No one knew this plane was missing until someone in China called Malaysia and asked where the plane was / is? Get it? You can have all the documentation that you need or want, but the fact is is that no one has any idea what happened. Air traffic control out of Malaysia screwed this up.
I still believe the pilot or co-pilot smuggled on some sort of sarin gas and protection for them against the gas, let the gas go in the plane that killed everybody except them off, softly landed the plane on the ocean (such as the caption of the plane landing on the Hudson), and then slowly sank it; keeping the whole plane intact.
MALAYSIAN AIRLINE MUST GET SUSPENSION FROM ICAO AND IATA FOR CARELESS AND RECKLESS SERVICES TO PASSENGER SECURITY AND AIRCRAFT SECURITY CONCERNS BECAUSE THE FLIGHT TOOK OFF FROM KUALA LUMPUR AND AFTER COUPLE OF HOURS DISAPPEARED IN AIR AND GROUND HANDLING OF AIRCRAFT AND ITS COMPUTERS SUDDEN SHUT OFF OR FREEZED AND THERE IS NO SIGN OF EVIDENCE SINCE MONTHS ? THERE MIGHT BE PLENTY OF MALAYSIAN AIRLINES GROUND STAFF AND AIR STAFF WERE INDULGED IN THE KILLING CHARGES OF 239 ON BOARD PASSENGERS AND CREWS ? SEARCH AND UNSEARCH THIS IS SECONDARY QUESTION BUT THE CRIME CAUSED MALAYSIAN GROUND AND AIR STAFF IN THEIR OWN SOIL AND " MALAYSIAN AIRLINE SAID DELIBERATELY DIVERTED IN DIFFERENT PATH "? SO CRIME CAUSED IN AIR AND LINK WITH CRIME ON C\GROUND IN MALAYSIAN AIR LINES.. SO THIS AIRLINES MUST SUSPEND THEIR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHTS BY FORCE BY THE ICAO AND IATA AGENCIES TO DECLARE AS MALAYSIAN AIRLINES IS MOST UNSAFE AIRLINES IN THE WORLD TO PROVIDE SECURITIES FOR THEIR PASSENGERS!. MALAYSIAN 'S 45 PAGES STORIES NO DOUBT MUST BE BASED ON FACT BUT FAILED TO TRACE OF THE PASSENGER OF THE "MISSING MYSTERY OF THE MH370"..! I AGAIN APPEAL TO ICAO AND IATA TO TAKE DRASTIC ACTION AGAINST MALYAISAN AIRLINES BAN ON INTERNATIONAL ROUTES UNTIL THEY PROVIDE THE CLUE OF MISSING MH370 FLIGHT PASSENGERS ALIVE OR DEATH S? THOUGH THEY DECLARED 'ALL LIVE LOST ' BUT WITHOUT A PIECE OF AN EVIDENCE ! WHICH IS NOT LEGALIZED. MALAYSIA AIRLINES MUST GET BAN UNTIL THEY TRACE MH370 ? I APPEAL TO WORLD PEOPLE AND MEDIA TO STRESS ON THIS " BAN" TODAY ITS HAPPEN WITH MALAYSIAN AIRLINES TOMORROW WILL SPREAD TO OTHER WORLD CARRIERS ? WESTERN WILL SIMPLYSAY ITS " TERROR " DUE TO THEIR FEVER!
Nick He don't know what you mean lol
Anamjem, fix your caps lock k?
Since 911 and the plane attacks I can't believe that the major players, US, Russia,China, etc don't have eyes on the whole world to make sure a "dirty" bomb or attack doesn't happen. That a huge plane can just fly off into the "unknown" for "whatever" reason does not seem logical to me. That plane could have flown into anything within a 7 hr radius of it's take-off, yet nobody knows anything?? I'm not buying it....
Only algorithms and metadata are not released. Wow, no wonder why the Chinese gov. is so #$%$.
Something to ponder, the jet went up to 45,000 feet, why? And for it to descend again it needed a pilot, auto pilot would not be able to do that unless a "pilot" programed the on-board computer to do that. I believe they climbed that high so early in the flight to turn off the oxygen to either knock out or kill the passengers so all these Chinese tech wise people would not have time to use there cell phones. Just a thought. Sgt. U.S.M.C dis.
Kevin.... The experts have already said that a MILLION times that they might have wanted to cause hypoxia to kill the passengers. That is why they reached 45,000 feet.
They said nothing for the first 8 weeks.
Maybe, except they could have done so with a switch, rather than a climb to an elevation beyond the plane's specifications.
The passengers onboard were mostly Chinese hi-tech engineers...I am sure MANY of them would have tried their cell phones and they all probably had pretty good ones. They should check the cell phone records of all the individuals. UNLESS, the hijackers made everyone put their cell phones in a bag and someone made sure they were all deactivated.
Cell phones don't work after you get past about 4000 feet.
I totally agree with the ascent to 45,000 ft. and the reason. As a past pilot, I believe above 15,500 ft. for more than 15 minutes, the FAA required one to use supplemental oxygen. The passengers would experience hypoxia without usage of oxygen masks, which aboard the aircraft, could have been disabled by pilot or copilot. I just wonder how many people were involved in this plot. One thing is for sure...I am very skeptical of any new information that has come forward.
The Chinese have the plane and are reverse engineering the Boeing's 777. I've talked to many pilot's and that seems to be the theory.
People who think you can use a cell phone on a plane must have never flown before...it's not just that they don't allow you, you don't get service up there. Unless there's some technology like wifi for making cell phone calls from any given destination I don't think cell phones have anything to do with it.
no because all the pilot has to do to knock out the passengers is change the pressurization setting of the cabin, simply by turning a #$%$
A B777 at that gross weight can't climb to flight level 450 PERIOD, no more than your Toyota corolla can break the speed of sound. Just because some doctored radar recording says so, doesn't change the rules of physics, or make it truth, deception for sheep who know no better.
Who writes this drivel? By the time 5-7 hours of flying time had elapsed, every country in the world that has a satellite (China, Russia, India, Israel, USA, UK, France) was watching the airplane. If as reported, these satellites can read the writing on a dime, laying on the ground, then at least ONE satellite knows where the plane went. That said, somebody knows, but is not saying. It makes sense to say nothing until the next chapter for this airplane emerges.
You have an unrealistic concept of what technology can do and the ocean is a very big place.
We do not watch every square inch of the planet surface, and no one really cared about this aircraft until is was overdue at its destination. THEN they actually started looking for it.
Now that's a thought, SS. The plane was reported missing roughly an hour after take-off. If it flew for another 5-7 hours, wouldn't it stand to reason that SOMEONE would have alerted any and all possible towers in the countries surrounding it to track it while it was still possibly airborne to keep an eye out for it? I can't see Malaysia simply saying "we lost our plane, Oh, well it's gone now" and leave it at that. That's why, along with many others, I feel Malaysia knows a lot more than it's saying it does.
I think Malaysia is embarrassed that they really have no idea from the beginning what happened to this plane. They lost it on radar and probably no one paid attention until the next day...
Exactly Ann. It wasn't until the aircraft was overdue at its destination that folks started looking closer.
I said right from the beginning that Malaysia had cards that they were not showing.Now they have bought enough time for the recovery beacon to have lost power and need nothing more than to "release" more false data to insure that it is never found., Why, because they shot it down.They are hoping that the cost of finding this will finally become too much or that the ocean will hide their deed.And they might be right.Question is as it has always been,,who was on that plane that was worth more dead than the rest of the passengers and crew were alive.
I would be willing to bet that the plane did not stray from it's original flight path ,that the erratic changes in altitude were because the pilot was being fired upon and that the radar signature that returned and disappeared near a Malaysian air base was the returning aircraft that shot the airliner down.
Most state originated murders are pretty simple in and of themselves,it's the cover up that gets murky
I expect that some day a story will come out of the Malaysian government involving a plot to send a nuclear device to China that would explode on landing.But that will only show up after the anguish has cooled off
"We had to do it in the interest of national security",ever heard that one before?
Can not believe we have heard nothing for so long. What happened to the submarines searching? They can see and find things in depths. I think some of you are aiming in the right direction. I believe they landed on an Island in the ocean and there is no phone signals so no way for people to contact anyone if they are still alive. I think the plane was to be sold for $$$$ and they have fled to somewhere safe. I believe the Malaysian Government does not want anyone to know. Have the families fled the country too.... gone to meet them and live very happy. To many untold facts. Who do they have to answer to?
the plane landed in Malaysian military base
I think Terri saw too many episodes of ''Lost''.....LOL
Terri, you sound about as smart as a rock. There was never any subs looking for it.
Terri, submarines "see" with sonar, (that's sound waves), we have yet to develop the technology like the "Seaview", or Sea Quest" that will have actual windows to look out in the crushing depths of the oceans. And there were no subs searching for the wreckage.
Never watched Lost for your information. And they said they were sending down subs, the 2 man subs to search. so I am not a moron.....and I am smarter than a Rock..... Divers and small subs are available. Check your information before you criticize others.
Jackson Stiles -- I notice that just about every reply you post is about the commenter's intelligence. How about acknowledging that everyone has an opinion about what happened to this plane and its passengers, and that people can believe or not believe whatever story they wish, and it has nothing to do with their IQ. Personally, I find it to be rather interesting hearing about the various theories, and I don't think people are "dumb" for thinking that this or that happened to the plane. Until we know for sure, ALL possibilities are viable.
Terri, perhaps you meant ROV's, to aid in the search. However one ROV did implode due to the pressure.
No one ever said they were sending down 2 man subs, you're delusional! You're opinion says to me that you're no smarter than a rock, in my humble opinion. I use the dirt saying often, are you saying it's my fault there are so many morons who post on yahoo? All possibilities are Not viable in a rational person's mind.
Whew! Now that we finally have THIS data, I'm sure finding the plane will be a slam dunk!
"Incompetent governments and leaders trying to hide their incompetence and stupidity." That's being nice, almost 'Politically Correct'!!! It never crashed, and we all know that, don't we!!!??? Rich Chinese Passengers??? Fake/Stolen Passports??? But, you say, why would they steal it, and hide it??? Just our .02 cents worth. Maxx
Apparently, as the pings weren't in and the belated search a folly, Ocean Shield is leaving the search by tomorrow and heading home. It seems as if nothing will be done to try to find the plane and truth for the families for months again because they don't even know where to look. Only the Chinese are forging ahead. I hate to think it's all in the deep and nothing will ever be found. Very sad indeed.
This story should have included a link to the data. Jim
don't forget this is yahoo prporting.you gewt the bare facts
Assuming it is available on line. It may not be.
Facts, on Yahoo? Lloyd, are you watching a different site? :-P
I want to see a show of hands of people that know what to do with satellite data........
Why, like anyone commenting on yahoo would even know what it meant, lmmfao!!!!!
Search for dca malaysia and look for mh370 data communication logs. Oddly it is a pdf file which makes analysis difficult.
CNN's Martin Savidge is starting to shake and groan at the thought of going back into that simulator.
Nope, not buying into this story at all. For the entire crew and passengers to become incapacitated, the plane to change it's flight direction, zero communication of any kind other than some engine pings, etc is a huge, huge issue. With all of the redundancies built into modern aircraft, there is still an untold story out there. I still believe this plane is somewhere on the ground with dead passengers (remove oxygen from the passenger compartment, disable the masks, they just go to sleep and never wake up), and the next use of this plane, repainted and loaded with whatever weapon of choice the terrorists have will show up somewhere. There are far too many terrorist organizations out there that would like nothing better than to repeat 911 on a much larger scale not for this to be looked at as a possibility.
stop searching and give the search money to the relatives; the best way to find this plane is to ignore it and someday soon, pieces of it will turn up; found by some beach-comber or lowly fisherman...this method will save everyone a lot of hassle and expense!
The "media"...couple of months ago...10 - 15 articles A DAY on this...they have moved on and now lucky to see one...and yet no answer to missing plane. But there must be 20 articles on the shooting in California - this week. Next week they will move on to the next tragedy and flood the "news" with that for a week...
SilkAir, EgyptAir, now Malaysia Air, all cases of Muslim pilots committing suicide and taking their passengers with them into death. Oops, I'm sorry, that's not politically correct. The plane just mysteriously shut off all communications, jumped up to 40+k feet to un-survivable altitudes for passengers, and aimed itself at the most remote part of the world until it ran out of fuel. I hate when that happens.
Here, let me help you get tin foil put back on your head, you'll find you actually feel better.
There are a group of Islands within a couple hundred miles of the search area where the Japs built a 5000 foot runway, that type of plane can land on a 5000 foot runway with a good pilot, no it could not re-take off in that short of a field, however if you strip the plane of all seats, people, anything not needed for flight you could fill the plane and put a small nuke in it and it could take off in a short field takeoff on 5000 feet, I still think it finds someone first, I believe this plane is somewhere in perfect condition waiting for its mission and I think someone knows that.
Cool idea for a movie! Not such a great thing to think about in real life though...
And you would be dumber than 10 pounds of rocks.
What time does your weekly chapter of Conspiracy Nuts meet?
Don't laugh people.... one never knows.... this idea has been talked about since the thing disappeared... I'm not a conspiracy person but this scenario could be the case. How in the world do you lose a jet this big? Answer: you don't....
Some folks need to grow a sense of humor.
Glenn I did not say conspiracy, however that runway does exist and I will take something from Mr.Spock on Star Trek,"When you don't know ALL things become possible."
@Douglas........And, if a ghost plane like this EVER shows up in the air, it will be shot down as fast as it is seen!
@tom, at least not by the Malaysian military.
Again Douglas, grow a sense of humor.
And in fact this plane landed. Do the calculations over again. Between the distance between the satellite the plane and the planet those calculations are wrong. Angle of trajectory would put the plane over Cambodia. I say this plane landed for the simple reason, there has been no debris to be found. Now had this plane crashed into the ocean I can assure you all who are reading this, the remains of the plane would of been found by now. This plane was hijacked and it landed in a remote part of some jungle some where. This was a well planned hijacking !
You can't land a large airliner in the 'remote jungle' unless that remote jungle has a mile-long, concrete landing strip.
You have no idea what you are talking about
Listen to you two. Don't think for one minute it wasn't all thought out ahead of time and planned. Look at the big picture. This plan was hijacked and landed, as of yet where it land is the mystery. You'll see. If there is ever a piece of this plane found in the ocean some where I will come back and apologize. Be sure you do also when this plane is found it had landed or it is used in a terrorist act. Too many location devices/beacons and instruments were turned off from within the plane, that's not under normal procedure ! Steve a well thought out plan calls for a location to be cleared ahead of time. PB53044, Your comment is completely baseless.
The satellite data best matches a route west of the search zone. They are searching in the wrong area only because the sound signals. But the sound signals were the wrong frequency by about 10% and they were picked up over an area too large to be from the 370. A good bet is the course was plotted for the Kerguelen islands and it ran out of fuel. It closely matches both the satellite data and the estimated amount of fuel on board. They need to release more data from other known flights in order to verify their satellite based calculations are accurately consistent and also calculate average error in predicted locations of known flights. This would tell everyone how reliable and precise the satellite method is. I.e. if calculated flight paths for 7 other flights all matched their known locations to +/- 3 miles, then we would know the satellite method is accurate to 3 miles.
Maybe it is being hidden in some mountain side silo in Pakistan or Afghanistan? Scope the mountains in the Middle East, if you don't find the plane I am sure you will find other things there that need our attention (possibly Jimmy Hoffa or a million terrorists).
Hamzah please explain Malaysia's concept of " ketuanan melayu " or " malay superiority " as enshrined in Malaysia's federal constitution and the concept of " Bumiputra " or " the prince of the land " status accorded to you malays which sounds alot like the "aryan race" concept of the #$%$ and also the special rights of the malays in multicultural malaysia (70% malay , 20% chinese , 5 % indians , 5% others ) to the worldwide community and let them be the judge of whether Malaysia is racist or not . Please explain your racial quotas that strictly set 60% of places in universities must go to the malays regardless of their qualifications and the other 40% is open to all races including the malays . Please explain the setting up of Universities (UiTM) , vocational institutes (IKM , Giatmara , IKBN ) and scholarships where the general entry requirement is that you are a malay and at the exclusion of all other minority races . Please explain why only malays (regardless of whether they are rich or poor ) get a compulsory 10% discount when they purchase a property whilst the minority races have to pay the full price even if they are poor and also why the minority races get to purchase only leasehold land whilst the malays get the freehold land . Please explain the malaysian's government policy of not allowing any new chinese or indian schools to be built even if they don't ask a cent from the government to which they pay the majority of income tax to . Please explain Malaysia's federal constitution stipulation that only a malay can ever become the prime minister , deputy prime minister , finance minister , defence minister , home minister , menteri besar and all " sensitive areas " which is strictly prohibited of other minority races . Please explain Malaysia's labour law which stipulates that 70% of hired labor in any organisation (whether public or private or government owned ) must be malay even though there are no qualified malay . Please explain Malaysia's corporate law that 30% of equity in public listed companies on the Bursa Malaysia or Malaysia stock exchange must be donated to the malays via a trust fund (Permodalan Nasional Berhad). Please explain why all government tenders for projects stipulates that the company vying for the projects must be malay companies and that a government department was set up to vet all such tenders to ensure the companies are malay companies and also the Class F contractors who must be malay contractors in order to tender for small government projects . Please explain why all contractors of Petronas ( the national oil company ) and all government link companies must be malay contractors regardless of their qualifications . Please explain the setting up of the " Biro Tata Negara " or the Bureau Of National Etiquettes whose sole aim is to brainwash the future generations on the superiority of the malay race over all other minority races and who's attendance is compulsory for all government scholars and civil servants . Please explain the 2 hours break time every friday and five times a day from work that is compulsory to be given to all malay muslims ONLY in order for them to pray which is not accorded to people of other faiths and religion . Please explain the government's funding of the construction of mosques for the muslim malays only and NOT to churches , temples or places of worship for devotees of other religion and the refusal of the local councils to grant approval for the construction of such other places of worship by the minority devotees themselves at their own expense using their own funds and land . Please explain the government's health policy of only requiring compulsory HIV testing for malay couples wishing to get married and not couples of other minority races . Hamzah when you can explain all the above then you can look me in the eye call me a " pendatang " ( a derogatory term meaning visitor frequently used by malays to describe fellow non malay malaysians who are 3rd generation or more ) and tell me that I am wrong about Malaysia being a racist , apartheid and anti-semitic state ruled by a corrupt regime , and that I should migrate to Australia if I disagree with Malaysia's " New Economic Policy " or the affirmative action for the majority malays .
Malaysian Airlines is in deep money problems and that plane is hell of a lot more in parts then as a complete aircraft. And to put the paxs to sleep is no big problem just turn off the pressurization.
How do you turn off pressurization? Even if the "Emergency Depress" button is pushed the cabin will climb only to 14,750' plus/minus 250'. Unless structural failure the cabin won't go higher. They are electro/pneumatic valves that will maintain the cabin.
LMAO guess you have never heard of manual control. If you have never worked of a aircraft guess you wouldn't know about that.
I haven't followed the story too much but I think the criticism is way overboard. It may be hard to realize with me not having family on board, but everyone is doing the best they can to find answers. For all we know this was another terrorist attack heading for a city.... For all we know the 200+ passengers are heroes and stopped something "more" horrible from happening.
What a shame they cant find the plane that had 4 of the 5 patent holders that shared rites to a semiconductor with Rockerfeller. Poor guy will have to spend all those billions by himself.
If looks like a duck, walks like a duck, quacks like a duck, it is a duck. The plane lost cabin pressure as well as backup oxygen. Pilots got disoriented while trying to return to Malaysia. They may have put the plane on autopilot or because their inputs to the controls were erratic the autopilot took over. Eventually they ran out o fuel crashed into the ocean and all perished. No conspiracy, no passengers trying to hijack the plane, no sabotage from some hidden super secret hidden electronic device. A terrible tragedy but bad things do happen.
I agree with you, but you're going to get alot of people who will give you the thumbs down on this one.
I agree as well. I am a instrument rated private pilot and just can't figure out why not one piece of anything has been recovered. There are thousands of buoyant pieces in a modern airliner. Just don't get that.
"between the aircraft and a satellite suggested the plane crashed into the sea because it ran out of fuel" Seriously... ran out of fuel. Was the pilot stoned or something, should that not be one of the most important things to check- so let me get this strait,, he took off and flew the plane over the ocean never once checking the fuel meter. What was the purpose of the Co-pilot?? So it sounds to me that when the plane was going down- the pilot said: Whats wrong, losing stability of the plane, , it could be the engine sir,, o no wait, we forgot to fuel up. Huh?? Doesn't make sense to me.
I guess seeing some of that data here was too much to expect. Probably needed the disk space for some Kardashian picture or something more important to Yahoo.
I think the data is a bit more complicated than showing a map and the location the plane was in at each ping. It's probably a sheet of paper with numbers that has to be figured out.
Like you would be able to make sense of what the data means, lmmfao!!!!!
no one called for help. there's no evidence in the water. no one has made mention of any uninhabited islands or a body of land that it could have possibly landed/crashed upon. no terrorists are claiming responsibility. no terrorists really suspected. no satellite images. no foul play? the list goes on and on. how could this have been wiped so clean that there's NOTHING? something is off, and we all know it. someone/something on board must have been a target of some kind, or this involves information that is classified from us on an international level. (this is going to make a great movie some day.)
and if there was a fire, they're trained on the protocol and would, hopefully, be able to handle it. hopefully. i'm really starting to wonder if they collided with a UFO, or something equally unbelievable.
Another article stated that what little evidence they have indicates that the plane crashed when it ran out of fuel. This is reminiscent of the accident that killed golfer Payne Stewart. There, a cabin depressurization led to the deaths of all aboard. The plane then continued on auto-pilot until it ran out of fuel, and then finally crashed. The investigation never determined why the pilots didn't use their "supplemental oxygen", but said that the lack of oxygen could have impaired them quicker than they could react to it - as little as 8 seconds. So, even if you have oxygen masks, it won't necessarily save you. That is more guessing as well, but would at least set the stage for why it looks like the plane crashed only when it ran out of fuel: loss of cabin pressure that incapacitated those on board the plane. This could also explain why there was no emergency call: by the time the crew could react to what was going on, it could have been too late. WHY it lost cabin pressure is another question.
Osama Bin Laden was on board!!!
Just try to figure the Romans explaining Jesus' empty grave...
COME ON TELL THE TRUTH IF IT CRASHED IN THE SEA THERE WOULD BE FLOTATION AND OTHER THINGS FLOATTING ON WATER AND WITH TEACHNOLADGE WE HAVE NOW THE PLAIN DIDNT CRASH THINK ABOUT IT GOVERNMENTS ARE COVERING IT UP SOME GROUP HAS THE PLAIN AND THERE NOT TELLING WHOLE STORY
You won't find anything when governments cover up things, who knows why Malaysia is hiding the truth.
Those pilots never knew to fly an airplane it was a pseudo hijack act pseudo because the pilots never went to any country or any ground to land the airplane they prefered to crash on the sea what a ridiculous and foolish way to die because anyway those kind of airplanes are designed to make forced landing on the water besides they're equipped with life preserver vests and life boats in case of an emergency
It is possible, with a lot of luck to crash land a 777 on the ocean and have everyone survive, but it is certainly not "designed to make forced landing on water". The forced landing made by the US Air pilot on the Hudson river in NYC was on a nearly completely smooth water surface and he did what every acknowledged to be a tremendously competent job. Making a similar landing on the open ocean would required both skill and luck as the swell on the open ocean makes it much likely you will clip one engine or the other into a wave top, then spin and tumble as the plane rips apart. There are several examples of where this has happened before with a wide body jet.
Governments are made up largely by very corrupt, very self-serving individuals who see the People's Money as theirs to steal.
The transponder was deliberately turned off, the plan then dove down to the deck but proceeded flying, then got lost and ran out of gas. How stupid does the government think people are? It is pretty obvious what happened and who is involved, and it is not al Qaeda or some rogue group of individuals.
What government? After reading many comments like yours, the government is right to think many people are dumb as dirt!
I am beginning to think that there is a cover up. Why wait so long to release the data?
On 1976, when the Air France airplane dissapeared, only the Israely goverment knew about it, because the kidnapers demanded their silence, or they would kill all the Jews on board, until they would release the more than 500 terrorists held by the Israelis. Could it be a repeat?
So, if no plane is found, then is no insurance paid to anyone? My thoughts are that it NEVER went into the South Indian Ocean and those "pings" were decoys to divert the search in a totally different location..... This is a cover-up, maybe a multi national cover-up?
I imagine there has to be some darn good mathmeticians to figure this out. But.... I honestly don't believe that plane is in the bottom of the ocean. The force of hitting the water would have broken the plane apart upon impact. There is no evidence, other than mathematical equations, that it plunged into the sea. Does anyone else believe this?
Oooooh, "Mathematical".... Awed silence. The "Math" WAS published a long time ago. It measured signal time response ... i.e. distance, the "Arc". There is no way to infer from that a more specific location. THAT is not MATH.... it's SUPERSTITION, hoax.
Do you people really think you're going to get the truth. Come on, wake up. There something more to the plane disappearing without a trace.
Life is more exciting that way isn't it? AN airplane can't possibly disappear without a trace in something so vast as the Indian Ocean. Take a penny and throw it out into a lake and then see if you can find it after watching where it hit in the water. I bet you won't find it.
A penny will not break apart on impact and a penny is not filled with material that can flood during a crash. What are you brain dead!!!
It still doesn't tell us anything!
Why do people distrust governments. Proof!
History of all past governments around the world is all you need for proof
They just as well release it and give it to private contractors. So far no governing body hasn't found it. If it hit the water that had to be a good hit for nothing to show up. I won't throw out the landing on dry land either, only due to the lack of evidence that it hit the water, and due to the fact it hasn't shown up during an extensive search. It's incredible how this plane slipped off the radar and essentially went invisible.
It's perfectly reasonable to think that the plane made a good water landing and sank intact.
Something keeps making me think that this was a repeat 911 attack headed for Beijing and the Chinese (not being wishy-washy) and indecisive like US politicians, did what had to be done and shot it down as soon as they were aware of it; and this is a massive cover up to hide the truth.
shut up with your conspiracy theories, besides 9/11 attack was planned by our government no terrorist flew planes into buildings that day. So much evidence to back it up.
I still don't understand why it ran out of fuel, that is basic training. Something fishy around here.
Pilots passed out due to loss of cabin pressure and plane flying on auto pilot til in ran out of fuel....nothing fishy there. What happened to cause that is unknown so it is going to be fishy until they actually find the plane.
Seems to me that if the plane crashed in the ocean and sank in very deep water where the pressure would have crushed the plane , that there would have somrthing float to the surface. That would have included fuel from the plane too. I wonder if it could have crashed on land like the plane that crashed in the muck in the everglades. Maybe they are looking in the wrong place all together. maybe they should be looking in deep wooded arers. It could have dove straight into the ground..
There would still be some kind ofwrekage, smoke, something
Anything is possible until we discover otherwise.
The pressure wouldn't 'crush' the aircraft. that only happens to a sealed and pressurized container (sub, bathysphere), an aircraft ISN'T 'air tight'.
Further - you might very well have had oil slicks etc. but it isn't like the ocean in those latitudes is a glass smooth pond - huge swells, cyclone season, etc.
There was practically nothing left of the plane that crashed in PA on 9/11. Perhaps that's what happened here. Maybe only very small pieces were left. I agree with Norman..The Pilot may have "snapped" and deliberately crashed the plane to embarrass the government he was so against. He had the opportunity, the motive and the ability to do it…I do hope we find out what happened and am sorry for the loss of lives.
Has CNN determined that the jet remains are on the island from Lost?
I guess they finally finished doctoring the data, huh?
Takes a lot of 'doctoring' to hide Malaysian incompetence.
They would have released it sooner, but they had put "Doctored Version" in the footer and had to figure out how to remove it from the pdf...
Yet another story about missing flight 470 that says they have no clue.
Nothing brings out the science-ignorant and conspiracy theorists like this story. The lack of basic scientific understanding in many of these comments is truly astounding and saddening. The conspiracy theories are just funny for their whackiness.
It took off, fly, disappeared and there is no wreckage. Maybe crazy joe biden shot it down with his shotgun showing people the proper way to defend themselves.
Even more troubling, CNN's search for another news story to report on is still ongoing.
Sounds like an insurance job the longer this goes on.
This flight was tracked from take-off to its destruction - just like TWA Flight 800, this was destroyed by a missile and is being covered up.
I have not heard anything about compensation... is it going on or they want to find proof/dead people first ?
Why are you worried about payment? and the latter of your statement probably holds water.....
The Malaysian government has now amply established that it has not been forthcoming --not incompetent. Now what?
This is one big scam and any info on it since then is all doctored. Its last flight was intergalactic.
Took them long enough, but if it was the United States it would take even longer because of the bureaucratic red tape.
Not one floating device has ever been discovered from this aircraft. I still don't see any evidence to say this plane didn't land in Pakistan.
When are they going to acknowledge the obvious, that this was an alien event.
Why this long! Were they doctoring the data! The plane is parked at Diego Garcia Island, google it
This should give CNN several more weeks of coverage.
A Muslim country has lost a half billion dollar jet full of people. They have lied about things from the start. What do Muslims do with planes full of unarmed people? How does the Malaysian government have any credibility?
Conspiracy by the Government. Impossible for a plane to "just go missing." Malaysia is probably doing this to gain recognition for their country, who knows. lol impossible for a plane to not land somewhere and not be found by someone. This isn't a "small plane," that can easily crash in a jungle somewhere and be lost to man. This is a HUGE aircraft capable of carrying 200+ passengers. Something's fishy. Why am I even here? Who cares about this anymore. lol don't know why I even commented. Last time I comment. Who gives a #$%$ about this plane thing.
There could be people locked up in a U.S. torture prison, that's why you should care.
cuz 200+ people could be dead? some of which were infants? you wanna know who cares? people who aren't heartless like you
As expected, the data is missing key elements. According to Inmarsat, they submitted everything to Malaysia. According to analysts, certain needed data is missing. Did anyone expect otherwise? Malaysia is still covering something up.
Maybe if the truth was known, no one who fly on commercial jets again.
The part of this I don't understand is the not finding one little piece of evidence this plane crashed in the ocean. There is no way if this plane crashes in the ocean traveling at 400 miles a hour due to a malfunction as they speculated and the plane was overtaken by smoke and everybody died this plane would of left something somewhere. Now either the plane was stolen or the pilot didn't want them to find the plane for a year and landed it in the ocean like that pilot did in hudson and just let it sink 2 1/2 miles down.
This friggen plane is intact somewhere and somebody knows something!!!!!!
the pilot committed suicide and took out the passengers with him, yes he did land the plane that way so it would stay completely intact
Successfully landing and aircraft of that size in the ocean with rolling waves without it breaking up is virtually impossible. The Hudson was smooth water and a much smaller aircraft.
I asked the question to some friends..... what if the plane was landed in the ocean and the sank... the thought was the pressure at lower depths would cause the plane to break apart. @JJ...good point... rolling waves in the ocean, depends on the ocean at the time.... My thought now, a plane is not built like a ship that sinks and does not break apart, I don't know enough about the physics of structure of a plane sinking.
For many weeks I believed the story about its crash into the ocean after hours of uncontrolled flight, caused by unknown incidents. As there has not surfaced a SINGLE piece of debris ANYWHERE in the ocean seen by sats, planes, ships, any involved nation etc I finally changed my mind about this accident: the public and even entire nations have been bamboozled to believe a made up story about this plane's flight path and fate. Even the latest theory about an accidental shutdown during military excercises by the U.S.A. and others does not make much more sense, for the same reason (who would have 'cleaned' up the mess on the ocean after it crashed?). Leaving only two more possibilities in my humble mind: a crash in a remote jungle or indeed an abduction to a remote location as witnessed by some others. I just hope that the root cause and reason will eventually be released to the public - for the sake of all involved. The truth and trust in our *civilized world' is too precious to be tortured by such events.
They didn't search that part of the ocean for weeks. The debris could have gone anywhere.
The ocean makes up 71% of the surface of the planet. Some people cannot find their car in one square block. is it really that hard to imagine that people might have a hard time finding a small plane in a huge MOVING ocean?
We should have found something from that plane by now. I think it is sitting somewhere in western Australia, covered up with foliage and nets. It's not going to be found in the water.
Why was the last ping different from the previous hourly pings?
The article states the last ping was caused by power shutoff and the system fired up automatically. Read.
Thanks Malaysia but too little, too late. Some of us have ceased to care. Not about the families, but your Bozo government can't get it's shtuff together. Call us later.
The Plane landed in Buhtan and all passengers except 2 arrived safely and will be released after the Plane is used for the purpose it was taken by AlQueada. The target that the Plane will be used againest is currently being discussed by the Leaders but they have decided it will not be in the USA this time. Only after this occurs will the world unite.
hey anyone check out Bengal bay yet those fellows at that company seem pretty sure there data is correct. Oh that's right it may make you all look dumb.
Was apparently checked by the Bangladesh navy (as it is in their territorial waters, I believe). Nothing found from what I had read at other sources.
I'm beginning to give in to the theory that the jet has not crashed at all and even if it did for some reason it's true whereabouts are being kept a secret. After all, if we can find someone living in a hole in the dessert that didn't have a beacon strapped to his rear end, you can't tell me that the world with all it's technology a capabilities that can even locate a pocket of oil miles beneath the ocean floor can't find a jet carrying dozens of people? Somebody knows something that they aren't telling.
People think it is easy to locate a plane in the water. It might be easy IF it was the only man made thing underwater. The problem is that the oceans in that part of the world have plane and ship wrecks all over... Many from WWII. There is also garbage that has been dumped at sea along with other stuff. Many people labor under the false assumption that all governments monitor every person in the worlds every activity. If this were the case all missing people would be easily found, all crimes would be solved in minutes, all missing property would be found, and many crimes would be stopped before they happen. We do not live in a "Minority Report" world. Now the government does monitor many things but not everything the cost would be astronomical. If the government did monitor everyone don't you think the IRS would go after the estimated billions of uncollected income tax that the underground economy has evaded paying? Anything could have happened to the plane. An Asian government with a fighter pilot with an itchy trigger finger may have shot it down by accident and they are covering it up to avoid a conflict. Remember what had happened years ago when an airliner strayed over the Kola peninsula? It was shot down as a spy plane.
Robert B, it is NOT in the national interest for you to be fueling this speculation that we are not monitoring your every move. This is your last warning. If you persist, you will be 'disappeared'.
I was in the Navy and can tell you that most people just don't realize how big oceans are and how hard it is to find something lost out there. We had several people witness a sailor being thrown overboard by jetwash. We turned the ship around and started the man overboard procedure...and we still never found the guy even though it just happened. It's hard to see when the ocean caps are reflecting the sunlight back in your eyes like thousands of mirrors.
If I could live in a DESSERT it would be a key lime pie.
@Nick -Not everyone likes a critic and in the immortal words of Rocky the squirrel "THANK YOU MR.KNOW-IT-ALL" I see your still reading my comments and still picking them apart. Are you stalking me? or is it you just like pointing out other peoples errors? in either case you and key lime have something in common in that you are both fruits in this DESERT of humanity (DID I SPELL IT OK FOR YOU THIS TIME NICK?) I wonder if everyone was as perfect as you think you are what you would do with your time then? If my comments bother you so much just skip over the next one you find. I'm sorry but I'm well past going back to school to brush up on my English and grammar classes. if not then keep it up, I'm sure you might find more then two other people that are egotistical RICHARD NOGGENS like you....or...maybe not.
Hrmm I'm afraid you have me mistaken for someone else by the same name? We've never crossed paths, sir, and I've never come across any of your previous comments. I was, however, trying to make a light joke. Hence the key lime pie crack.... damn if that doesn't sound good...
I still can't believe that there was no sort of transponder on board that aircraft, that would have located it as soon as it went down. The transponders should never be under the control of the flight crew on board at the time. The transponders apparently were shut off by the flight crew upon leaving Malaysian airspace, and this should not be possible!
In other words, they have no idea where this plane is!
They have a theory that gives them an idea of where it might be, if theory is correct.
2 possibilities. the plane is at the bottom of the sea or it's sitting in the hands of terrorists to be used as a bomb. neither leave any possibility of survival for passengers.
Telling the relatives that where the plane went down is going to bring the passengers back alive? Nothing but bull.
This story is just like UFO's , the governments know where the plane is , they don't want you to know.
you give the government more credit for competency than they deserve.
That plane Never Crashed anywhere! It's in someone's hands ! Iranians most likely!
Oh..., I almost completely forgot about this story (Not really, but this is what some governments are hoping for anyway). My thoughts are that it NEVER went down into the South Indian Ocean and the "pings" were a decoy to divert the attention to where it truly is (up towards China or Pakistan). My feelings are that this was a cover up by multiple government for some bigger reason, maybe it was shot down by an ally government, or that it was a Chinese cover up and paid to the Malaysian government.... My feelings are that it NEVER went into the S. Indian Ocean and the "pings" were not from anything other than something to lead the search the wrong way! This is a multi government cover up.....
malaysian politicians and mas officials know exactly what they are doing - releasing satellite data now that has been "approved" , and scrubbed. raw or otheriwise - the reason mas and the politicians have been / still are dragging their feet is to keep the plane hidden - it is clearly in northwest / western malaysia. watch the chinese apply more pressure.
I don't see any satalite data. It's that it has been released, but I guess not to us.
Our enemies have patience and I still believe that that plane will be used for something very destructive after it's all quiet and forgotten. I hope I'm wrong but prophecy is moving at a fast pace now and it fits in with it. One thing that many don't realize is that 9/11 fits in with Isaiah and our brainless leaders have no I dear the curse they brought on by saying the Isaiah rebuild prophecy scripture 3 times as the Book the Harbinger says. A final destruction is coming one way or another.
Yes. If you predict the end of things long enough, you will eventually be right. Hang in there.
The book of fiction has nothing to do with this plane.
Thanks, Watcher, it is hard to debate that we are not living in prophetic times with the world on fire and so many prophesies coming to pass. Those who are asleep will get a rude awakening. I hope your prediction does not come true, but I would not be surprised if it did. Those peaceful jihadists will stop at nothing.
No one cares anymore. Just tell us when you find the damn thing.
So I guess this means that it takes 3 months to CREATE fake sattellite data?
So this is what we are TOLD, The plane disappeared from commercial radar soon after taking off on March 8 over waters between Malaysia and Vietnam. They believe the plane was deliberately diverted from its flight path, They are unable to say with any certainty what happened on board. Ive never known a government that told the WHOLE truth, so there's more to this than what we are being told.
From the ineptitude i've seen so far, they have more chances of finding Amelia Earhart's Lockheed Electra Model 10 than this flight. Oh you say they found her plane? SEE?
From the headline "Malaysia releases satellite data on missing jetMalaysia releases satellite data on missing jet" I had hopes that there was data from satellites other than Inmarsat (i.e. spy/google satellites), and that this was the added factor that made the search in the southern portion of the arc a priority. Just the SOS. There is **NO** real evidence that the plane flew south, as opposed to North.
This whole thing is suspicious. They can watch you wiping your butt from spy satellites in outer space but they can't locate a huge airplane.
It's pretty scary, I mean with all the technology that is available today, nobody has any idea where this plane is located.
It was in restricted air space and was shot down..now is being covered up.
Bullshiet or what, this was a ruse a sleight of hand an illusion, they can't tell the truth because it puts them in as the prime suspect with total culpability. They don't want to walk anywhere near that law suit, it would be too painful and those muslim turdys don't care about human lives.
how about taking another plane and fly it according to the data interpreted from the satellite info to duplicate the flight 370 projected path ? This will give a real time check and corrections to calculated data. Bill C.
All reports early on said that the transponders and regular tracking was gone away at a certain point. If this is true, one of two things happened. 1, the plane had something in the cargo hold that caused a catastrophic failure. ( not terrorist related) (terrorists love to brag when they accomplish a goal) 2, The electrical systems for tracking were disabled on purpose. That could mean that it landed somewhere and the plane is being prepared for a future terrorist mission. Either way, unfortunately, all passengers and crew are now dead.
I don't think it was because of a fire that caused a malfunction or anything such as that. The transponders were disabled over the South China Sea and if it were caused by something catastrophic then the plane wouldn't have made if very far from there. If this were the case it would have been found by now.
Funny how you mention,"terrorists love to brag when they accomplish a goal". One could speculate that their goal has not yet been acheived.
another BS report to mislead the public and cover up what is really going on!!! no debris or oil slicks, not likely if it crashed. landed intact on the ocean, highly unlikely, if it did the pressure of the ocean at those depth's would have crushed it like a tin can, it's a airplane, not a submarine!!!
Unprecedented event? Yes. Incompetent handling of everything to do with the event? Absolutely.
You would have handled it differently how? Easy to place blame when playing armchair QB.
@ BillyBob : Why don't you enlighten the rest of us . What's your take on what really happened and why didn't you inform us the day after the plane went missing and tell us how you would have handled it ? Take your time .
Incompetence of those who can make no mistakes, ie CIA, Mossad and the like
Again, one can see how ungrateful the Chinese victim families are.
The Mother ship swallowed MH370 up. What really happened is the Extraterrestrials ordered Chinese Take out with a desert of other nationalities.
Not one piece of wreckage? Can you land a plane, sell it and also collect the insurance money?
Americans have short memories. What's an MH370? What's an Arab oil embargo? Pitiful
This VIDEO REALLY SUCKED. About like hearing BS from Obama, nothing new.
I suspect a controlled, relatively intact, ditching at sea, as on the Hudson. With everyone aft of the cockpit door unconscious or dead. Starting with whichever, pilot or copilot, locking the other out of the cockpit, ascending to peak altitude, and dumping cabin pressure. The suicidal operator then headed for the deepest (pre-researched) part of the Indian Ocean within range. The "search coalition" may have thought of this, based their likely area on it, and was reluctant to elaborate publicly on exactly (embarrassingly inexact) how they arrived at it.
Really its that what you believe that happened Tim? Thats some funny #$%$ bro.. !!!
O.K., Rick, let's go then with your alien theory.
@Tim - A more likely theory then yours would be China shot it down because of who or what was on board.
Oooh! Hadn't thought of that! Thanks, Ron. Sorry, Rick! I'll suggest mine as a close second. Really don't like them sneaky bastidges who run that country.
Planes only carry enough fuel plus 10% more for the flight they're taking. There is NO WAY that plane made it all the way to the southern ocean when it was only originally to go from Malaysia to China. That's too much fuel to carry them that far. More likely scenario is the one everyone is thinking but the only people talking about it are labelled conspiracy theorists and that is the plane was shot out of the air near Diego Garcia and the govt is covering it up. 1+1=2 folks.
Of coarse that is one of the possible solutions to their disappearance. The main problem with that is, where is the debris field and floating dead bodies. Why didn't anyone's cell phone get used before it was shot down.
Are you sure international flights only carry 10% extra?
You forgot to explain what it was doing near Diego Garcia on it's way from Malaysia to China.
They had 7 hours of fuel, they could conceivably have made Australia.
The only thing certain; none of the populace knows where that thing is at. The one thing I do know; someone in the government knows what happened.
The plane was repossessed by china and everyone on board is working in a forced labor camp to pay off the debt.
Where's the data? Which chat rooms are examining it? Why do I have to DuckDuckGo these things even after reading the article?
How about releasing it to the public?
They did. Took all of 20 seconds to find it.
Please point me towards that data
Go to the inmarsat website which will point you to the Malaysia website that has the data. It's a PDF and the pertinent data begins on page 40
And here I thought the article would show another map of the route the plane took.
Alright, so I don't know much about planes and the like, but...is it possible it could have went up so high in the atmosphere that it disintegrated? Perhaps this is why no debris has been found? I'm just grasping at straws here so please feel free to explain why this could be possible/not possible.
That wouldnt happen, What would happen is it flew so high that the engines were no longer able to generate sufficient lift and the plane would then stall, and plummet
If it were able to escape the earth's atmosphere and go into orbit around the earth it could have done any of the following: 1) Still be orbiting earth. 2) Burn up in the earth's atmosphere because it does not have the heat shields like a shuttle. 3) Not quite burn an crash anywhere on the planet. 4) Somehow slingshot out of the gravitational pull of the earth and be heading who knows where. Depending upon oxygen levels in the cabin and food supplies (cannibalism?) people could live for months if not years traveling through space.
Thank you. Had heard someone talking about it and wasn't quite sure if it was possible.
The answer is no. The plane came down in one piece or in many pieces, many big heavy pieces. Obviously nobody knows where to look. Or somebody knows and isn't saying. It's a big world and a deep ocean. We still haven't found Amelia Earhart.
Spaceman...really (shakes head) those turbines require air to operate...which doesnt exist in space
Months and Months of nothing, and with everything else going on in the world, this is still a top story?
More speculation by the Associated Press.
IT's helping to get the families off their backs for a few minutes.
So this is the same satellite data that they never had in first place? Cover up anyone?
trust me the brightest of the malaysian engineer would not understand this data. they arew like deers caught in a headlight. the government would be just as happy if this jet was never found and the news slowly faded away. they will pay the family off or to keep them quiet. the malaysian government consists of a bunch of low iq idiotas. the two things keeping the malaysian government from being toppled are the low intelligence of the malays and the army.
With the smoke screen they have set up about the plane I wouldn't believe anything they say now. With the kind of BS that goes on with corporations and government it may as well have been swallowed up into a black hole.
"no trace of the jet has been found, an agonizing situation for family members stuck between grief and the faintest hope, no matter how unlikely, their loved ones might still be alive." Why are asians always so irrational about things like this?
The one(s) who is in charge of searching from the Malaysian government should have resigned already. After so long, you are releasing the "new data". Those data should have been released from the very begging, particularly if you don't know what you are doing. It may or may not be true, but it certainly sounds like they are hiding something.
The plane did not crash. They would have been able to find some debris some where on the surface or washed up on nearby islands. Now, if I'm wrong, then that means those investigating aren't smarter than a fifth grader which should #$%$ off the families of the missing people. If they're lying, then that should also #$%$ off the families. Either way, the families have a right to be #$%$ off and should be calling for heads to roll in their government, in the airline, and in international agencies involved in the investigation.
If the plane went into the ocean in pretty much in one piece, think of the passenger plane that was ditched in the Hudson river, then there wouldn't be a whole lot of loose parts. Also those looking for the plane were possibly looking in the wrong place for up to a week. Things tend to sink and move long distances given that time. As far as islands go that part of the Indian ocean has very few islands to speak of. Depending upon the currents debris could float around for a really long time before coming into contact with anything.
Pffft. You make out as you are some expert. You don't know s$%t from Shinola.
Spaceman could be correct, if the plane made a water landing at a relatively low speed and flat angle it could have touched down in relatively good condition and sank almost intact
Well your wrong. While I personally don't think the plane crashed, your way of thinking is flawed. Having worked for Boeing I have seen these planes in various stages of production. I may have even seen this one. First, the majority of a 777 is not made up of parts that would float. Anything that would float would likely be cargo. It is highly possible that if the plane entered the water at a steep angle that it did so intact and therefore left no debris field. As the plane sank, pressure would likely rupture the fuselage. However at those depths any debris that would be released would be doubtful to reach the surface and any that did would likely be pushed far away from the actual wreckage. The 777 carries lots of fuel and oil on board. While oil does separate from water it also dilutes very quickly. Wreckage that causes "oil sheens" is typically very shallow. An oil slick coming from wreckage would not be seen on the surface. Second, there is lots of land out there. The plane could have crashed into a remote island and not able to be seen by our satellites. History is filled with lots of stories of wreckage that has never been found, including aircraft.
If the plane went into the ocean in one piece it would have landed soft enough for at least one life raft to deploy
Life raft? This is a plane, not the Titanic.
Not a life raft but don't they make the seat cushions float in case of an emergency? If it landed relatively smoothly, I would think at least some of the passengers would have made it out of the plane before or as it sank.
Not necessarily, depends on how quickly it sank, if anyone was unconscious, etc
sounds like they had to come up with something so that the MOVIE they are coming out with this year about it makes more sense. cover up and it's hard to believe anything that is said about it anymore. like others i think it's on land somewhere.
The airlines and airplane manufacturers get off absolutely scot-free. They made the plane, sold the tickets, made the money, hired the pilots...and they lost the plane and passengers. Ten countries spent many $millions looking for this plane and in return got a got nothing but criticism accusations of negligence.
I think it's possible that China has something to do with the plane disappearing. With the conflict over territory involving several nations, their search capabilities and assets would be an interest to China. Most of the countries involved in the search have issues with China.
Tell us something we don't already know!
After some crazy Indiana lineman builds a replica of the Devils Tower in his house MH370 will turn up in the Gobi Desert and you know the rest of the story.
that's clever with sunburned face on one side singing do dee do do do
There is something decidedly fishy here, and it has the distinct odor of muslim terrorism. In this day and age modern aircraft do not just disappear. These terrorists are not stupid camel jokeys, they were sophisticated enough to pull off 9/11 and they have a PR and obfuscation teams that rival the Obama white house.
I knew someone would mention Obama. Well done.
All these experts will have egg on their faces when this plane finally turns up sitting on the ground somewhere.
Has anyone searched Garcia Diego island?
The Google earth photo is still 30 years old. - Guess where satellites are NOT.
If it's on Diego, you can bet your tushy that ONLY the "powers that be" do, and will know, until time to carry out whatever the plan behind this whole mystery is executed.
PLEASE BE PATIENT - SHORTLY SOON WITHIN 20 YEARS WE WILL KNOW EVERYTHING.
If you want to know who is behind this you must answer the question "who profits the most from this". Who had the most to gain from having this plane disappear? It's a difficult question to answer though and this may end up remaining a mystery only explained by "theories" like the JFK assassination.
Nobody profits from this. It's a terrible loss.
Bluefin Robotics, which makes the submarines that search for airplane debris, profits from this. Guess that means they're responsible for all airplane crashes.
It all comes down to $$$.
Seems to me that when the airlines get the passengers into international airspace they are literally above the law.
nobody noticed- the media sensationalized this thing until obama visited malaysia. as soon as obama visited malaysia, the story and coverage simply died, just silence. it's ok to call me anything you want. this is a cover-up from somewhere/someone.
Somehow President Obama will find a way to blame the Republican Party for this.
Somehow some disgruntled republican will make this about Obama.
Clearly somebody or some country is working hard to cover decisions made as well as mistakes made. This plane is not in the ocean, otherwise they would have found something. A seat cushion pieces of plane etc. planes just don't disappear, we are way beyond that technology wise. I don't have an answer as to where it may be, but my guess is not at the bottom of any ocean.
Well, you should just get in your car and go there and tell them all about it, Mr know it all.
Hey cavendish....I said I didn't know where it was. I simply expressed an opinion as to where I didn't think it was. It's great that you felt that you needed to get personal because I had an opinion. Obviously I know more than you...Because it's MRS know it all to you. Jerk.
3 months = just enough time to doctor the data to fit their bullshlit excuses.
It was blown up or crashed by Muslim terrorists. The Malaysian Government won't release the news publicly because Malaysia is a muslim country and it makes Islam look bad (which it is). Islam is a bane on the Earth, a hate filled hypocrisy of a religion and everywhere muslims exist they are doing terrible things to advance their scummy religion.
the terrorist said the next 9/11 style attack would make the world trade center attacks look like a road side bomb, they did say that . I wonder if they have the plane and a nuclear device . i sure hope not .
" 'It's a whole lot of stuff that is not very important to know,'...'There are probably two or three pages of important stuff, the rest is just noise. It doesn't add any value to our understanding.' ". This has to be the most truthful statement about this debacle since it began.
Stalling and secrecy seem to be the objective for everything the malaysian government has done up to this point regarding the investigation of M370. Important data were only released after weeks and months when they should have been released immediately. One can only wonder why.
This just proof of the limited nature of human wisdom let the world leaders repent and go on their kneels and fast and pray to God for the impossible can only be possible through him. Where are the Nigerian girls now for weeks God in your grace transform the world.
This plane is sitting some where and it's not in the ocean. All the technology used so far has proven this.
Sorry vet, but nothing has been "proven".
Alan, you are correct but than again it's not been "proven" otherwise.
I still think the plane flew at a very low altitude and landed in North Korea.
Interesting theory. Except for all those Chinese, South Korean, and Vietnamese people, with actual eyes, they'd have to avoid along the way.
I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if you are right JessR, of course if it turned up in a hanger in Iraq that wouldn't surprise me much either.
the only conspiracy is the Malaysian government and it's agencies trying to hide their ineptitude, lack of professionalism and downright stupidity with this debacle.
No trace, no debris. But definitely hijacked. Those are concerning facts.
RIP passengers of MH370. May God bless and comfort your heartbroken families.
We have all this high tech-technologies in the world such as several satellite in the atmosphere that can tract us where ever were at but we cant find this plane. Clues after clues and in the end it was all false. The atrocity and blasphemy that this plane hasn't been found yet... come on now we don't live in the past anymore in which back then we don't have advance technologies, the corporation that built this plane need to step up their tracking system and technologies on how they built their plane...
Learn to write. Better yet, learn to think!
Ray, did it ever occur to you that English might not be J. Montoya's 1st language? If that's the case, then I think J. did a very good job of expressing his/her thoughts. Since my IQ is above 50, I was able to fully understand and comprehend what J. was saying. Sadly, since your IQ is below 50, you were unable to grasp his/her words. I think that it is you Ray, who needs to learn to think.
I think Ray got it right, sorry about your IQ.
The little problem is that the so "high tech-technologies" you have is not so high-technology as you believe
@ Papa, I think Ray got it right, sorry about your IQ , thy The Church of the Sub Genius .
@johnjohn (etc) and Ray..... did you not get the meaning of what Montoya was saying or are you just more concerned with sentence structure? As far as the IQ statements, well, no remarks, but then again, that may be subjective
Look up diego garcia and you will know exactly where the plane went
I think people just believe too much science fiction about the capabilities of satellites.
Johnjohn, why are you sorry about my IQ? Does it make you sad that it is so much higher than yours? And what is this "thy The Church of the Sub Genius"? Is that where your parents took you in a desperate attempt to raise you up from the levels of sub-normal? It's such a pity that it didn't work for you.
I believe that I will stand by my comment.
Has CNN been continuing their hard hitting, 24/7 coverage of not knowing where the jet is?
no..once they found out your relative was on board
@Anns, how does it feel to know your favorite liberal circle-jerk's ratings combined with those of MSNBC and Headline News still can't equal Fox's ratings? In fact CNN is routinely eclipsed by the Cartoon Network.
i agree on that...sorry for viscious attack...but a missing huge plane is huge long news...and it's not CNN's job whatsoever to find it...so i was irritated by your comment. Fox is way betyter than the liberal barbage on CNN..loke don#$%$lemmon and his black hole theory....he knows black holes all to well...lolol
@Anns, I was only making fun of how CNN is relentlessly milking this story even when there's absolutely nothing new to be reported on, it's gotten just plain obscene, but that aside the issue in itself about the missing jet is about as serious and as sad a story as they come.
and when they have idiots lined up saying nothing foe hours.it gets stale very fast..lol
Even Larry King said he was disgusted with how CNN was exploiting it
Didn't the pilot - the Captain - have a flight simulator in his house? And didn't that simulator show landing fields in the Indian Ocean? Perhaps they should look at those coordinates.
OK. So this tells the victim's families that MH370 was "indeed flying for hours-on" after it veered off-course. And based apparently on the doppler-effect of the MH370-to-Inmarsat signals and "other known factors", they determined it to be "south of the satellite", and thus flown south into the Indian Ocean. In any case, the last report in Yahoo News here about US Navy's Bluefin deep-sea search vehicle is that the 37.5Khz "black box" signals were "NOT from a black box". Wow. A dozen countries pooling resources together, and nada. Imagine if WE DO FIND the remains of MH370; the passengers' cellphone videos WOULD BE THE MOST VALUABLE INFORMATION... unless a certain government(s) have something to hide, then they may make all those videos/images "disappear" before reporting the discovery of MH370(?).
I believe the plane was crippled by an EMP device, either directional from outside the aircraft or onboard on a timing device or set off from outside the AC by radio. The computers were fried, the black boxes were fried, the commo was fried and most of the controls were fried. Like Payne Stewarts plane it flew on until it ran out of fuel.
If all the electronics were fried how could it fly until it ran out of fuel?
Given how inept and secretive the Malaysians are, I still think it's possible the plane is sitting on the tarmac waiting for clearance by Malaysia authorities to return to the gate.
See sueethel for a good time
I do not believe there was a cover-up or a conspiracy, I just think they are incompetent monkeys.
Those people who switched off the plane's communication system immediately after it left Malaysian air space, diverted it deliberately from original path and bypassed Indonesian air space to avoid tracking would have never done the same to ditch the plane ultimately in Indian ocean. They knew about how much fuel was on board and ditching if planned, would had been done China sea only. There is more to the story which would never be made public by known people.
I think it was shot down. There is precedent for that happening. It was flying over disputed territory. No government is going to admit to the mistake. If that sounds like a conspiracy, then so be it.
Not the first time that's happened so I can believe it but its still a theory.
better let the experts handle it instead of letting the families stick there nose in it. stop being a pain in the ace people, your just wasting money and time for rescuers
Yeah, because the 'experts' have done such a good job finding it so far, right?
If you read my previous posts, ity looks like I was the closest to what happened. hypoxia due to crew error (not using O2 masks) mistakenly set higher altitude after NOT putting on O2 masks aircraft climbed to 45,000 feet... stalled changed direction in the stall ran out of gas and ended pretty much in tact on the ocean floor UA777Capt
MH370 may have been mini-nuked similar to the WTC - evaporated in a millisecond similar to the buildings that were demolished in a bunch of toxic dust where 70,000 people have contracted cancer related to only nuclear emission.
The plane will never be found. I think the maldieves ppl are right they saw a low flying jet around 6:15 maldieves time which will be 9:15 ML time, 8 hours from flight departure. I think it landed in a one of the maldieves islands to refuel and then it took of. Because flight time from Malaysia to maldieves is about 4 hours. After that no one knows
Go back to the long experienced pilot. He was in court the day before the flight and watched the ex president of MSA, that he supported and campaigned for, be sentenced to prison on sodomy charges by the new president that beat him in recent elections. The very next day he flies a plane into thin air, TOTALLY embarrassing the new president in front of the whole world. Holy Cow! That new president, along with the ex in his cell, must have felt like the warden(shocked) and Morgan Freeman(grinning) in the movie Shawshank Redemption!! How did that SOB do that?????
Please don't comment on Malaysian politics when you know so little about them. The person you are talking about is Anwar Ibrahim. He'd been convicted in the past, and the current trial went on and on - he's still out on appeal on the latest charges. There is a lot of vocal opposition in Malaysia, but this trial was basically no big deal to anyone in the country. This would be akin to blaming any accident on the USA on a Romney supporter for a few days after the election.
OK Henry H. It took a very skilled pilot to re route that plane , skirt around Indonesia, and make that plane disappear. GIVE A BETTER REASON!
Ok, Norman, here you go. A standard procedure if you are having an issue on board is to get out of the flight path When he turned the plane, he would have been pointing it toward Penang, which is probably the closest airport. Insofar as communications, if you are having what you believe to be an electric fire on board, then you start switching off circuits trying to isolate the problem Communication to the tower of a problem that they can do nothing about is about number 4 on a list of emergency procedures. One theory would be that the lithium batteries on board had caught fire, or some other fire overwhelmend them when they were trying to isolate the problem, decline in altitude to clear cabin of smoke, etc. - This is as plausible as any theory you have, and makes a helluva lot more sense than some theory that he killed himself because of some matter involving Anwar Ibrahim. The Ibrahim thing is really not that big of a deal in Malaysia - kind of like being worried about a pilot going to work because Romney lost an election.
So.....This plane has become a zombie plane, yet decends in altitude to avoid radar as it flys back over MSA, flies itself all the way around Indonesia avoiding their radar, then just disappears? I guess that burning airplane was smarter than the pilot? Still a fact that you cannot deny, he was at that trial the day before his flight. HOW do you know what he felt? Just because it wasn't a big deal to YOU? Its probably that exact attitude that may have triggered a irrational reaction from him.
Interesting. Now where are the billions from all the bank bailouts?
You don't say goodnight and the transponder shuts of twenty seconds later w/o it being a hijacked jet. Too much of a coincidence. I think that is obvious logic.
About as logical as Boko Haram hijacking it to take the 200 girls to sold as sex slaves.
I'm surprised CNN hasn't continued their wall to wall coverage on this zero new development story.
Wonder how much it cost to falsified satellite data?
Just wait and see if this plane doesn't turn up again in the future. In the form of a terrorist's tool. Been sayin it since day 1.
funny you should use the word 'tool'..
Ower satiright showa that the prane turn reft after flying right for fifty five hundred miles then dive into ocean and land on irend of sand in Parcific. We sorry for deray in data correction but we are a primitive peoples who pride ourselves on being inscrutable and mysterious.
The last known location of the plane was heading NW around 5 degrees N, 95 degrees E... and all indicators prior to that location suggest it was heading further NW (in the direction of the Maldives Islands)... and yet somehow they have concluded (based on 1 very unreliable/non-credible satellite ping) that it is off the coast of Australia in the Southern Indian Ocean. Not exactly a prime application of Occam's Razor!
Here is a wild speculation. Al Qaeda now has a 777, ready to fly anywhere in the world. The reason it hasn't been located [and won't be] is because it did not crash. The debris spotted was the bodies that were tossed out as it circled. 911 won't even compare to what they do with 777
Plane's tail section blew off due to poor maintenance. After that they just flew around till they were out of fuel. Same thing happened on Japanese jet years ago. Why didn't they notify the authorities you ask? What's the point. They knew they were all going to die.
WE GOT TO KNOW WHERE THAT AIRPLANE IS... WE DON'T NEED A 777 UNACCOUNTED FOR IN THIE WORLD OF TERROR ATTACKS.
Not just because of terror attacks...what if there really is a 777 design flaw. It would be nice to correct it before another plane has an issue.
This touches on an issue that's been nagging at me since the first few days if the incident. I'm referring to the original reports and description of these "data pips" to satellites from the engines. Experts said these very basic transmissions only indicated, "...I am still operating...", and transmitted neither location or heading information. MAYBE RPM? I don't know. But I've never been able to reconcile this with, " ...we believe the aircraft turned south...". The whole unfolding and duration of the search operation off western Australia left me thinking skeptically, "Yeah, right." Well, what do I know?
What they did was not only measure the "pips: as you call them, but also the strength of the signal. Based on the strength of the signals over time, etc - they were able to build an algorithm to figure out a likely course. They then took that algorithm and applied it to several jets in flight and it fit other data. This is the theory as to why it was on a specific path.
The Malaysian government is more transparent than the Obama regime!
Ecclesiastes: You are spot on correct! Louis: You need help with your Tourette's Syndrome.
It's well past time to move on. It took almost 2 yrs to find an Air France plane's black box. It may take even longer for this one due to unknown territory of seabed. If I were the victim's family, I would pray that they are already in peace.
Where are the before photos of MH370? They never did release any. They never release any airport video of MH370 taking off and passengers boarding. Did MH370 really existed, folks?
How is that they can find a single molecule on a distant planet, but cannot locate a passenger jet full of lost souls? Does anyone else find this to be borderline bazar?
Where are you coming up with the exaggeration "they can find a single molecule on a distant planet" ?
a bazaar is where you buy things like a flea market, you're looking for bizarre.
I believe that this plane was hijacked and will be used in a terrorist attack against the US in the future. Lets face it, we can tell if a rocket or missal is fired at the US, and might be able to shoot it down, but there are so many plane flights coming into the US that it would be very hard or impossible to tell if an armed airliner is coming into the US to explode its payload. We are not a liked country. We need to change are ways, not other country's ways.
I am shocked and surprised that there are insensitive peoples around us to forget the hapless passengers and crews on board.
Hey Charles, I got a bridge and a plot of land on Mars I want to sell. You sound like the type that would be interested.
Alan, based on yahoo commenter's, I am neither shocked or surprised.
Has anybody taken a good look at the passenger manifest. Any chance there was a person or persons on that plane that someone else didn't want to reach their destination. Valid reason for a government cover up or a failure to publish more information.
There are two(Italian man and Swiss woman) on the manifest that were never actually on the plane as they claim their passports were stolen.
Why exactly is there an OFF switch on a transponder?
Because in some Terminal Control Areas, there is so much traffic that the display from the transponder can clutter the radar screen. ATC will occassionally ask that a flight turn off the transponder to reduce the clutter since the aircraft is close enough for an accurate "skin track" using secondary radar.
Sometimes transponders fail or malfunction resulting in erroneous information being transmitted to ATC and other aircraft in its vicinity.
Manipulated date being released to cover something up. That's why it took so long to be released to public .
So according the released data where is the image of the flight path? Article also says that the flight dropped from commercial radar but it was picked up military radar when it flew back over Malaysia. So why weren't military aircraft deployed to make it land? Absolutely horrid reporting...
This had been reported on before. the Malaysian military claims to have seen it on radar, but did not believe it to be a threat. As such, no reason to scramble fighters, etc. It turns out that the military was correct - it wasn;t a threat to the national security of Malaysia (or for that matter - assessments made by any other countries - the same).
Isn't this going to give hijackers even more information about how to elude tracking systems? Perhaps they already anticipated pinging the satellite with info showing they were heading south when really they were going NW--into a Muslim country in a former Soviet state where it can be refitted and used in a future attack (hopefully not with some of the kinds of deadly materials that come to mind). Not to be a pessimist, but nothing else really makes any sense.
Try , it crashed into the ocean, it has been done before. or does that make sense to you ?
I am still not totally convinced that it crashed into the ocean and was not taken and landed somewhere so will wait to see if they end up finding the plane in the ocean before I make that assumption and that is just my opinion.
i agree. if it flies into some building loaded with dirty bombs, we will know. let's just hope it's congress who gets that package!
Our naval base at Diago Garcia knows right where this plane is and there are reasons they are not telling. It's on a need to know basis and JQ public need not to know at this time. They can track planes in the middle east and Russia yet they didn't see traffic even closer, big (B) (S) story
Mrs C if what you are saying is true than my guess is sabatoge on behalf of a nation or rogue group. Were their individuals on board that were high value? The big gap is if it was a terrorist cell they would have claimed responsibilty.
Yes that base was established to monitor both air traffic and ballistic possibilities over both Russia and the middle east covering thousands of miles north in the 1990's, they know every single movement made in the air. This base according to my brother who was stationed there in from 2011- 2012 had a complete radar makeover by Raytheon and no one was allowed 500 yards from where they were installing pallets of equipment. Guys on the base were rumored that this new equipment could track any air traffic anywhere in the world.
I can't speculate on the reasons why only that according to my Brother that base knows where that plane went to the longitude and latitude down to a half degree.
It didn't crash. It was remotely piloted to higher altitude, oxygen was shut off and the passengers all went to sleep, regrettably forever and all cell phones were jammed to reduce any possible location capability. After that the CIA or some other people piloted the plane or had the pilot on oxygen take the plane to a secret location. Maybe the plane was stolen to reverse engineer all the technology. Who knows but no oils slick or debris and remember that this thing could fly for thousands of miles.
Robert , you don't have a shred of evidence to back up your claim posted above. Reverse technology ? By Whom ? It's not hard to figure out the plan designs for a Boeing triple 7 . You said "Who Knows" ??? You don't even know , none of us do. But if there is Satellite data available , that is a good indication the Fed's are aware of where this jet disappeared to. This search stuff has all but gotten silent anymore. You can't make these claims because you are not a person "In The Know" for this situation. It's easy to throw up a smoke screen to put people off guard , but ask yourself why would that even be carried out to begin with ? Someday this incident might solve itself . But don't hold your breath waiting.
Bobby....Bobby........did you NOT take your meds today??? Shame on you!
Remotely piloted you say? That drone your hearing is the chip implanted in your head by "the CIA or some other people".
Don't forget the role of the Skull and Bones Society. And Area 51. And the Freemasons. And the cigarette smoking man. And those involved in the assassination of Kennedy. And McKinley. The Truth is Out There.
The conspiracy theory is always the hardest to accept. But in this case I'm now open to consider it since there is no hard facts proving otherwise. There is nothing to prove that it crash anywhere...ocean or otherwise. So since the plane is still missing, conspiracy theories are equally as valid as any crash theories.
But just as true -- there is no evidence to prove that it landed on solid ground, either.
@Mike: You forgot the Reptilians and Illuminati.
Nibiru is coming, Shanty. You wait and see! I know it was supposed to come a few years ago but they had some problems calibrating the ley lines and the 33rd parallel with the vile vortices. Of course, as a disinfo agent you already knew that!
I love this...I am not in the "know" but based on what's been going on can anyone really explain where it went? nope, so every theory is a good one. This plane can be remotely piloted as to avoid a terrorist or hostage type situation so its possible. The next question you ask is if it has this technology how did terrorists get the plane? Who said terrorists took it. Sometimes paranoia is just plain old good thinking. Thanks everyone for contributing. I remembered to take my meds today too :)
@Bobby........Look at a globe......what is most of the Earth's surface made of????? WATER! Plus, the water in the area's they consider it MAY have gone are a whole lot deeper than we have ever gone! Wave bye-bye to Flight 370!
Amazing how this story has taken a major back seat. Maybe if they actually searched oh...Pakistan or one of those countries, they may actually find this aircraft. I still say it isn't in the ocean...they now know it isn't in the ocean but will keep a search ship looking to make sure people still think it is in the ocean
Please give us a reason why it is in Pakistan, or "one of those countries", and how it's remotely possible to hide a commercial airliner and 239 people for 2 and a half months. Can't wait to hear this beauty.
That plane never saw the ocean! It was either shot down accidently by another country and they are trying to cover it up or it was highjacked and flown to what could be anywhere If that plane had hit the ocean surely there would have been debris found by now, planes do not crash in the ocean whole, they break apart and that is a fact. Here were are three months later and not one piece, not one shred found in the ocean or washed up ashore? Not buying it!
Hope you're not the expert !
Shot down? Then there would have been debris. You don't make sense. But then again, most conspiracy theories are just that, nonsense.
I think the computers got hacked, and it was landed remotely like a drone. Supposedly, the co-pilot tried to get a call out that failed. Somebody wanted not only the plane but also China's best scientists. The Iranian kids were on board with false passports - we never heard why they couldn't board that plane with their own passports. But they may have known enough to take out the transponders and other identifiers. And all the rest is just a dog and pony show so the civilians of the world don't know that some of us are about to die.
Nice theory, but why Americans are still trying to find the nukes that lost in many places of the world ?
D.E., not if it was shot down over land stupid!
CRS, it has been THREE MONTHS, something would have washed up by now, debris would have been found by now. The plane isnt in the ocean, I am 100% certain of that!
Lady, Your theory makes a great deal of sense. Hope it didnt happen that way but I do believe it is possible
The satellite data best matches a route west of the search zone. They are searching in the wrong area only because the sound signals. But the sound signals were the wrong frequency by about 10% and they were picked up over an area too large to be from the 370. A good bet is the course was plotted for the Kerguelen islands and it ran out of fuel. It closely matches both the satellite data and the estimated amount of fuel on board. They need to release more data from other known flights in order to verify their satellite based calculations are accurately consistent and also calculate average error in predicted locations of known flights. This would tell everyone how reliable and precise the satellite method is. I.e. if calculated flight paths for 7 other flights all matched their known locations to +/- 3 miles, then we would know the satellite method is accurate to 3 miles.
Tom is sure the plane is not in the ocean because it is in his #$%$!
Remember the Russians accidentally shooting down the Korean plane years ago? I think something like that happened again. UFO? I think your alum. foil cap needs adjusting.
China or Viet Nam shot it down by mistake... It has happened before but self recognition of stupidity is not easy, right ?...
False. Remember the plane landing in the Hudson river?? It was pulled out by crane as a WHOLE
Never said it was. Just said that planes dont always break up and crumble upon landing in water. The commentator above states is a "fact"- well, the hudson river incident appears otherwise. Who's to say the plane did not make an emergency landing on the water without communication, and simply sank without breaking into debris?
You need a tin foil hat. By your own logic blowing up a plane creates loads of debris Second have you ever been at sea? 60000 square mile search area for a plane that's a needle point on the map. The ocean is 5 miles deep for one, its pitch black, sonar only searches a small area below it and it isn't 100% accurate. Lastly there is a huge current where the plane went down, and before it even hits the sea bed it could of drifted miles. They had the exact coordinates where the titanic went down but it took them years to find it. Countless examples of things just disappearing and taking years to eventually find it.
Jay, that plane didnt crash STUPID, Capt Scully landed that plane! BIG DIFFERENCE! Also, , even with that landing, there was actually DEBRIS from the plane! DUH???
Jon, uh with The Titanic , there actually was debris and there is a big difference between a ship sinking and a plane crashing into the ocean. You want to believe that flight 370 is laying at the bottom of the ocean, keep believing it I dont!
Someone somewhere knows where that plan is. The way a legal defense team throws off an offensive team is to release large amounts of irrelevant data. That leaves the offense sifting through a ton of garbage.
We have so many satellites constantly monitoring the earth. I cannot believe none of the satellites caught it ! :(
I've said this before. I believe the plane was hijacked, 2 Iranians, fake passports, and I believe the jet landed safely on the west side of Australia which is basically uninhabited, and the ground is certainly hard enough to land a jet, and take off again.
Obama just blamed Bush for the missing plane.
It crash landed on Gilligan's Island.
i am sorry to say this , but its politics, somebody needed that airplane, and i hope people still alive...
hear from an idiot, you are an idiot suann
How could it not be a conspiracy with all the red flags from day one? Wow.
These days, the chances are that is was just stupidity on the part of a very inept Malaysian government rather than a conspiracy.
Given that multitudes of people believe in a sky fairy... I can see why they would dismiss all technical data and make things up.
I was made fun of 9 weeks ago for implying that the plane was hy-jacked. I believe there was a ghost plane who got directly beneath the jet liner, they some how exchanged "ping: codes and the other plane headed for the most remote part of the ocean knowing it would take weeks of searching. This hypothesis was given to me by another person who is a commercial pilot. So no alien captured jokes for a come back please
Were their diamonds on that plane? Is this the tail end of the so-called Queen's Diamond Jubilee? It wouldn't surprise me. How incredibly sad and inhumane.
What they really said was that it took us 3 months to cook up the data and the method they used was "very complex". First of all, I have been to Malaysia, there is nothing complex there except some American ran factories. Second, that aircraft will make an appearance sometime soon. It will be loaded with something quite sinister. This plane was hijacked. It is coming back.
The dead don't come back, unless they're Jesus, I'm pretty sure he wasn't on flight 370.
John, what on earth are you talking about? No dead coming back. the plane was hijacked.
False flag at is best,wait until the world sees what will be. This is a deceived mind controlled planet of zombies and uneducated entitlement minded people who will deserve what ever pains and death that is to come to them from their greed and sloth and anger.
Why did it take 3 months to provide this information? Or did it take 3 months to alter the data so there is no incriminating evidence to be found on it?
I thought it was confirmed by a cell phone record, that it landed on a U.S. Naval Base. "Congregating in Internet chat rooms and blogs, many scientists, physicists and astronomers have been trying to replicate the math used, either as an intellectual exercise or out of a belief they are helping the relatives or contributing to transparency around the investigation into the missing plane." Have people really gotten this stupid, that reading something like this makes sense to them?
People are stupid if it makes sense to them? If you can't understand it YOU are the stupid one.
Maybe in a few hundred years some divers will find it just like those centuries old shipwrecks occasionally turn up nowadays.
This is based on complex calculations derived in part from hourly transmissions between the plane and a communications satellite. How complex is it to ascertain a blip on a screen or a a sound of a ping? Follow the transmissions. Find the damned plane already!
There's no such thing as a 'blip on a screen' from a satellite.
Mankind and it's technology lost an entire aircraft.
No biggie , we have lost whole ships.
Shouldn't Speedy Gonzales Malaysia have released everything within hours of the plane missing, so that info could be assessed WITH the live pings?
It is quite obvious the plane did not crash. The proof cell phones were not used, official pings were false. No debris fields were found. Confusion and misinformation from the entire world searching for the jet. Sophistication of equipment that was secrete up until this search that proved unreliable, proves this plane will come back to haunt us.
The victims' families have every right to be upset. The Malaysian government's handling of this situation is not unlike the Obama administration's handling of the Benghazi attacks. You know, some people just don't appreciate being LIED TO by their elected officials.
Well, there are at least three LIEberals here who obviously don't mind when their government lies to them. You people are disgusting.
I'm just glad they finally found the plane. It has been way too long. Now the families can have closure.
What planet are you living on?
Earth to Secure R Borders...you are dreaming.
* Cyber-jacked by the CIA. * Pinging mechanism was over-clocked. * Imarsat controlled by Zapata shell company, Harbinger. * The Bay Of Pigs was Operation Zapata run by G. Bush, Sr! * Seen just North of Diego Garcia. * 9/11 was a Mossad crossover false flag, now they'll be a false flag in Israel, so Iran can be framed-up and attacked!
Anyone taking bets that supercut lives in Colorado? Drugs are the ONLY reason for THAT harebrained rant.
Diego Garcia - who is that again? Is he the former Orioles shortstop from the late 70's, the late guitarist from the Grateful Dead, or the Spanish Golfer?
I'm a straight arrow and the drug laws in Colorado are their business.
For some reason there was 20 passengers on-board that happened to work for the same company. A company that was in line to receive a VERY profitable patent. With them being " missing ", the patent will go to Jacob Rothschild...
China doesn't care about patents. IF you are listed as an inventor on a patent and work for a corporation, the corporation owns the intellectual property. The patent naming is for credit purposes only.
It still might be in the Bay of Bengal. Nobody knows, but they will sure look like morons if that ends up being the case.
That had been investigated and discounted the second week, Goober. Pay attention.
Malaysian authorities REFUSED to investigate the findings of a private company that found wreckage similar to that of a sizable plane. That's not investigation. And you thought I was the one needing to pay attention.
1. Transponders deliberately disconnected 2. Plane is taken off course 3. Then Co-Pilot Says "Good Night" 3. Plane heads back towards Diego Garcia with 20 Freescale Semiconductor employees (Military Bomb Technicians) aboard 4. Plane disappears with no signs of debris anywhere which is not likely. 5. Obama has very few words on this matter. Conspiracy theory? I think not, the evidence speaks for itself.
HAL : "Look Dave, I can see you're really upset about this. I honestly think you ought to sit down calmly, take a stress pill, and think things over."... uh what HAL said? "Dave, stop. Stop, will you? Stop, Dave. Will you stop Dave? Stop, Dave."
What proof do you have that the transponders were "deliberately disconnected"?
@Dave: They went off course BEFORE, he said goodnight and AFTER the transponders were disconnected. @Alan: Neither transponders were not responding PRIOR to the "Good Night"....they have the minutes recorded that way.
Yes, and that's not proof they were deliberately disconnected.
@Dave: You are not considering the FACTS in this case. The plane has emergency locator devices aboard, which should have activated upon the plane breaking up. Didn't happen, why would that be Dave? certainly odd that no debris from the plane has been found. If the airplane had fallen apart while flying, there would be a huge debris field easy enough to spot. But it’s missing. Relatives Say Passenger Cellphones Are Still Online. They say that accounts are still showing up on the Chinese instant messenger service QQ....that's not indicative of a plane crash! Feel free to find your own facts instead of just believing the unlikely which is an innocent plane crash!
One plausible reason the ELTs didn't activate is that they didn't have time to activate. In other words, if the pilot intentionally crashed the plane (which is not necessarily a 'conspiricy'), the impact may have been so fast that the ELTs didn't activate before they were destroyed. This "high speed impact" theory is consistent with no debris spotted, because with a high speed impact into the water, the plane would have been thoroughly demolished.
@Dave, mostly agree with you, except I was under the impression the ELTs never activated. Can you point me to a source for that?
@Dave, those pings were the sat pings (the ones that Inmarsat analyzed) not the ELT pings.
OK, I understand what you're getting at now, but the black box ping is an audio signal received by underwater acoustic gear. The ELT is a radio signal received by satellites. Two totally different things, both referred to as "pings" And the general location in the South Indian Ocean was established by Inmarsat analyzing satellite pings from the ACARS system. I'm still on the page that the ELTs did not activate, but am willing to be proven wrong.
read the wikipedia article on "Distress Radiobeacon". There are ~many~ varieties, my understanding it that the ELTs on modern aircraft are the g-force activated variety, although they could be immersion based as well. My understanding is that the are not the same as the pinger on the black box, despite the similar purpose.
Dave is 100% right in this case. You assume a whole lot of things without any concrete evidence and you push out a theory and tell everyone to take it as fact. Plane emergency transponders use radio frequency for one, it does not work under water and especially if the plane is deep water such #$%$ miles. Phones still ring even when the phone is broken or missing. Phones do not own the number, you still hear the ring tone because you're going through the phone system, the phone has nothing to do with people calling and still hearing rings. What conspiracy theory is there? YOU BLAME OBAMA but why? only 2 Americans on a foreign aircraft going between 2 foreign countries? why was Obama's name mentioned when the USA has almost no ties to this flight. Second what does anyone gain from covering this up? You only assume a cover up cause nothing was found.
simplywine, Detracting comments aside, your logic is sound. Right or not, yours is a plausible explanation. I think Dave is just frustrated because your explanation lacks aliens, zombies or ananuki and he wasn't sufficiently entertained.
Oh look, here is more news... Malaysia news reports MH370 Captain Zaharie Shah's homemade flight simulator had five runways programmed into the system. Three airports in India and Sri Lanka, one airport in Maldives and One US Military base in Diego Garcia.
Scary that only 230,000 people watch CNN. That's the population of a medium size county in America. Why is this News show even being broadcasted? Oh, that's right its Liberal like MSNBC and NBC. These so called news stations better start doing news instead of propaganda. Americans aren't stupid. In fact I try not to watch anything on Nbc and my friends are doing the same.
My Oh My...this tripe coming from a FOX LIES sheep.
The world will see this plane again,when it crashes into a target in Israel or the US.I just can't believe people are so gullible.It makes the bad guys work so much easier.
You have three brothers don't you ? Larry , Curly and Moe..
Muslims and mass transportation don't mix.
Barebacking Camels ? Nothing those Animals do surprises me..
Radical idea: What are the odds of being struck by space debris?
Less than you winning the powerball lottery for a month straight. (And that is serious.)
about the same as you graduating 3rd grade
About the same as the earthquake that was nearby bringing it down.
Good, now some smart folks can look at the data since inmarsat obviously f d up the calculations on locating the aircraft.
Su u ugly fat ho you must be blowing the CEO of inmarsat. If you think those morons were competent then maybe you'd care to explain why they were searching for the plane in the wrong area? Back on your knees ho.
I saw it on Google Earth. Parked outside John Travolta's back door
should of looked for your brain
Travolta's never owned a B-727, he owns a 1964 B-707-138B that was previously owned by Quantas Airlines and is still flying it's livery. Jele, that was one of the best answers I've seen in weeks.
@Pamila - no it is actually a 707 Tail number = N707JT
@Jelepr, I thought it was funny...
Awwww ... suann ... be nice ... I ♥ You ... ;)
The airlines will balk paying the families for years because the passengers are not proven dead. They'll pay now anybody who wants to settle for a pittance otherwise it will be a long grueling process.
Isn't crony predatory crapitalism just awesome.....
One of the most sound conspiracy theories was that of Lord Jacob Rothschilds (wealthiest and owns the American economy) was a patent holder of a semiconductor and the 4 other patent holders were on that plane...if they are dead or missing....then he is sole owner of a multi billion dollar device. When your family is worth $600 trillion, you can make anything happen.
I still believe the plane is in some unfriendly country and the passengers have either been sold in to slavery or are no longer alive and that the plane will be used as a weapon very much like 9/11! I just can't believe not one piece of luggage or wreckage has been found if it did crash in to the ocean! I also want to know why the passengers cell-phones weren't traced within the first 48 hours and also why not one of those cell phones did not ring to a family member even to just scream before being stopped!
None of those cell phones work when there are no towers...and there are no towers in the ocean.
possibly an alien abduction... sounds like the James Bond film with the character DRAX who stole the space shuttles for use in his private mission...
They didn't know it was happening. The pilot didn't want it to be found maybe so soft landed in the ocean Give us your inside information which leads you to believe it's in an unfriendly country and that the passengers are slaves. You obviously have inside information otherwise you wouldn't say such stupid things
Maybe Boko Haram hijack it and will sell the passengers as sex slaves.
* Cyber-jacked by the CIA. * Pinging mechanism was over-clocked. * Imarsat controlled by Zapata shell company, Harbinger. * The Bay Of Pigs was Operation Zapata run by G. Bush, Sr! * Seen just North of Diego Garcia. * 9/11 was a Mossad crossover false flag, now they'll be a false flag in Israel, so Iran can be framed-up and attacked!
Sure, because it would be so much easier to hijack a plane, avoid radar, kill a bunch of passengers. Other options might have been to a) buy a plane sitting out in the Arizona desert. b) lease a plane from Boeing, c) if you are referring to countries like Iran - use one of the airplanes that you already own?
@Mrs. P Mc, no one out of many can keep a secret that long... geesh
More likely the passengers are being retrained as kamikaze pilots. Be afraid!
You're not really Mrs. Paul McCartney.
@strasser, can't get one past you!
The people are probably dead, but that plane is either hidden somewhere in the Mid East under a sand colored tarp, or it is sitting in someone's private hanger.
China knows where the plane is but will not tell anyone forever. They know because they had a hand in its vanishing. Why? Because on the passenger list were five men who had information concerning the Space Program and its use in military operations. Because those five men had to be destroyed, and the Chinese government destroyed the plane as well. You will never find the airplane.
Yoda says "May the force be with you." Star Wars is pretty awesome, like your story.
Islamic morons crashed the plane full of Christians Where is the mystery Embarrassing as it is for malaysia with it's massively lucrative tourism and western export market to protect.
Why the thumbs down with no facts to back up your point of view pretty much sums up religion really.
Commenter...just another racist...must be a republican
@Loius Religion is not a race.
@PeopleWhoCanThink To find out what Malaysia is like deep down google Hamza Kashgari
Where oh where is flight 730? Don't speculate untie it is known.
We'll find it 75 years later just like we did on the Titanic. If it was the Titanic.
"If it was the Titanic." ... Please tell me that you are not really that stupid.
some writers have theories that the titanic was switched with it's sister ship the olympic for insurance reasons;the original titanic became the new olympic.
This is all a cover up. Ive been saying this since day 1. Why does it take over 3 months to release evidence? Because they had to change the evidence.
No, but releasing the raw data just confuses people but shows they released something...
A lot of so called conspiracy theories going around. All it took for me was researching the passenger list and the people that gained from their loss/death. Starting with the Rothchilds and the list moves to the Bushes, Soros a few more. I'm afraid this plane was lost before it left the ground. I hope the truth comes out and those families get closure.
Please expand your explanation. Don't merely throw out such vague accusations.
If there was a God, we could pray to him to help the passengers.
Like Amelia, a navigational error caused the to fly around til they ran out of gas & crashed into the ocean.
The likelihood of a "navigational error" of this magnitude is as near zero as is possible without being zero. This was either an intentional act by people with access to the cockpit or an EXTREMELY unlikely combination of many, many random system failures which still let the plane looking like it was being flown and navigated by a pilot, even though they were incapacitated the entire time. They flew back over the entire Malay peninsula including near cities with lights as bright as any in North America. Amelia crashed (or was shot down by the Japanese) in a time and place where she was trying to navigate over open ocean with a compass and a map at a time that radar did not exist and there were few radios.
see it as false da somewhere in it. It could have been put out at the beginning. the ten weeks is more than enough time for the U.S. to fake data or anything they need to cover up their involvement. Someone will break the silence and America will get caught in another heinous coverup.
we can locate iphones but cannot locate a bunch of passengers with iphones? hello? my 0.02.. as some folks are also speculating....they are part of an ET Alien experiment. Got sucked out of the air into another galaxy or spaceship and currently are mating with ETs as part of an experiment. ETs have large reproductive organs and are a-sexual. They have both male and female organs so they go after any human, especially Chinese tourists.
There are NO CELL TOWERS IN THE OCEAN! HELLO!!!!!
Hello take one in a submarine you moron!
I think these families are wanting answers where there are none. In this world of technology and the internet, we have knowledge at our fingertips; we can get answers in a moment. In this tragedy, we have no button to push, nowhere to get that quick fix. They're gone. That's it. So very sad.
But we have the satellite capability of seeing where the Russians are positioned on the border of the Ukraine.........down to every last soldier and piece of equipment. You really can't be that gullible.......or can you?
Problem is things like this happen and we EXPECT too much because of our advance technology.
After the 777 flew up to 42,000 ft everyone passed out. The autopilot then took the plane back down to 30,000 ft and flew it out into the Indian Ocean where it finally ran out of fuel
the plane might of even gone up to 46,000 feet..!!
This ran out of fuel story makes no sense at all. If a person wishes to die, you wouldn't think they would want to drag it out over several hours. I believe some much more sinister has occurred and I feel certian we will hear about this plane being deployed as a weapon sooner than later. Stay tuned.
Clayton, you have been watching too many spy movies. It did run out of fuel and the crew and passengers were dead by that time.
Almost two months since it's gone. In that time -given that 36 people die, on average, from gunshots in the US every day-- 2000 people have died in America from gun fire. ALMOST TEN TIMES the number lost in that crash. But sure,…let's look at the crash.
Rule of thumb, anyone or group who disappeared and could not be found are taken by Satan who came to kill, steal and destroy. Malaysia being a Muslim nations is unwittingly a worshipper of Satan.
I think they are still alive. And, could they have possibly gone to North Korea without being detected?
Betty Sueann's just edgy... the batteries in her vibrator wore out and she doesn't know how to change them. No, Cindy, the aircraft didn't have the fuel for a non-stop flight to NK. And the only REASONABLE place to refuel would have been somewhere in China.
boeing and rolls Royce both contacted the pentagon shortly after the plane went missing, and told them thru tracking assets they have on the plane, that it landed in a south Pakistan airbase. the pentagon response was,, "no it didn't!" then, that whole story was quashed. hmm, im wondering why? maybe its being retro fitted to be used in another attack.
boeing doesn't have tracking assets on these planes.
No, they didn't, Tom. Suebetty, GIVE IT A #$%$ BREAK! You don't have to be a #$%$ your entire frigging LIFE! Your own post are more asinine that those you ridicule with your single 'moron' crack. Get laid, get a hobby, or get a damn cat!
Thomas, according to the head of Boeing in SE Asia, a friend of mine, no, they didn't.
According to CNN, the lame stream libtard media believes it was a black hole that took out the 777. Progressive liberals are like clowns...they make me laugh but otherwise serve no real useful purpose.
The only thing worse than being such a LOSER you would have voted for W Bush twice, is being such a SOCIALLY CHALLENGED IMBECILE, that you would publicly admit to being such a DUNCE! Congratulations you PICKLE SNIFFING DUNCE, on accomplishing such an embarrassing feat!
^^^ HAHAHA two butt hurt libtards
GENTLE TEACHING II Timothy 2:23-26 Teaching is a very noble profession that requires gentleness, a love of teaching, patience, humility re: opposers, and a determination to succeed. Everywhere there will be those who like to throw out foolish and uneducated questions which the teacher has to ignore, knowing they only lead to strife. Inside and outside the classroom and especially regarding the greatest lesson of all – JESUS – these things must be done.
The plane was sucked into a worm hole created by beings from another galaxy with the ability to do this. The plane is in another dimension.
As reasonable as anything I've seen on CNN.
sounds like a Stephen King thriller..
Damn worm holes are getting annoying..
Why couldn't they just grab Air Force One then?
This makes as much sense as the bull the governments are trying to hand us. Its also a lot more fun!!
@suann.....This has to be the sixth or so time that you have used ' moron '. I don't disagree completely, but wow, are you on meds? You are very calm, but you seem agitated.
Suann, spank my monkey you ugly ho.
Johnny, you no doubt want to spank my monkey too. Sicko.
Ok so we have a person calling everyone a moron, get a dictionary and learn some new words. One the other hand we have a group talking about spanking the monkey. f you had a sex life you wouldn't want another man to spank your monkey. We maybe you would never mind. Don't ask don't tell.
It is my opinion that the batteries that were being carried by this air craft started a fire. The fire got out of control and the pilot went to 45,000 feet to deprive the fire oxygen, unfortunately this was a electrical fire and will not stop burning. The pilot brought the plane back down to a lower altitude and tried to change course so as to be able to land at the closest air port. The pilots apparently passed out as a result of the smoke and the plane flew until it ran out of fuel with everyone on board probable already dead from smoke inhalation.
The plane did not just go up to 45000 feet, but it went all the way to outer space. That is why there is no trace of the plane left.
All without a distress call or phone call
so that means you don't have a clue either.
I'm glad that you prefaced your comment with "It is my opinion..." That gave me the go ahead to ignore you
in my opinion. you're an idiot
Even electrical fires need oxygen to burn, Fred. And the batteries were carried in an unpressurized hold for the very reason that they can't burn in low atmospheric pressure, which the aircraft was already flying in at 35,000.
...thus, no debris to be found. At 45,000 feet, it must have burned in re-entry, huh?
No credible pilot flies to 45,000ft if there's a fire on board
Fred, You listened to a reportthat was broadcast on several major news outlets, and report it as "your" opinion??? It was not your opinion. It was someone else's. You just repeated it!!!!
Considering that the procedure for fire is to lower your altitude, it is unlikely that this happened as you described. What is your explanation for the pilots doing the exact opposite of what they had been trained to do?
When the plane is found, you will see that I am exactly correct in my thinking. A fire broke out and killed everyone on board. The smoke would have only taken minutes to fill the cabin, causing everyone to pass out after running out of oxygen. As for name calling, you have already shown your mentality.
Search "SR 265 - Scientists Brand MH370 Search Debacle" or Search "Bill Still AKA Fed Reserve Theft Talking Latest on MH370 Disappearance" (liveleak) Australia has radar system that can detect anything from the SURFACE of the ocean, all the way into space, and out to 3000km from their shores. No data. Don't listen to the government media or the government lies.
pretty pathetic that you have to spam the comments just to get your little conspiracy theory seen. smh
I hope it doesn't take as long to find this jet as it did to find Obama's birth certificate.
It's what they call an aptronym. I don't suppose you're one of those comiconomenclaturists who believes in nominative determinism? Like I am. :)
Wow, all the thumbs down against comiconomenclaturists who believe in nominative determinism? That's so racist I can't even begin...
@ Lippy, No didn't see that but saw yo mama pregnant, been afraid to look at anything since.
You got to be kidding? How did this go to that??
@Lippy - you wanting to see pictures of Michelle Obama pregnant, you have to admit is creepy...I feel bad for any man that meets you and you manipulate them into thinking that you are normal! sigh...
Experts are now saying that a copy of Obama's KENYAN birth certificate was on board flight 370, which is why Obama sent a drone to knock it out of the sky.
It is beyond bizarre that Obama (and his birth cert.) was even mentioned in the comment section about Flight 370.
The point is if the media will cover up whether or not Michelle ever had biological children and as you say that is largely irrelevant then what else will they cover up? The truth about this plane? The sky is the limit. I don't think they actually know anything but I also don't believe anymore that they would necessarily tell us the truth if they did know it.
will we ever know the truth?
@ Harry Bailey : Not in this lifetime .
Search "Bill Still AKA Fed Reserve Theft Talking Latest on MH370 Disappearance" (liveleak) or Search "SR 265 - Scientists Brand MH370 Search Debacle" The author did the documentary about our Federal Reserve System of money creation, and is one of the brightest minds in America. His information is key to this issue, and is being censored by the world media.
The plane was literally remote controlled by a program created by BOEING after 9/11 that allows for complete remote control of ALL of their new airliners.
The government shills will thumb this down to no end. Watch the video and stop listening to the government propaganda.
Obviously the government media censors don't like the video evidence.
i was expecting something drawn with crayons
Looks like it takes roughly 3 months to come up with a bs story to cover your tracks.
If that isn't proof positive of Malaysia dragging it's feet about this missing plane I don't know what is. I could have came up with a BS story in a week.
hey it takes time to fake data that will pass review
Easy to place blame from the comfort of your living room.
Lies, lies, lies and more lies. Makes me flipping sick!
Maybe it hasn't been found in the ocean because it isn't in the ocean? Could it be they landed somewhere on land? Why haven't they looked on land? By everything that they have said and done, someone knows where that plane is. Too much cover-up and too many lies.
Who's to say that the black boxes weren't taken out of the plane and then dumped in the southern ocean? Or that another pinging device wasn't used in place of the one on the plane? The plane could have landed somewhere and this is all a fake report to hide the real truth. Will we ever know for sure?
It seems to me that this data sent them on a goose chase, so it might be wrong. Just using a little common sense....
After factoring in the assumptions, algorithms, and metadata by my calculations the jetliner is in........my living room. I should go check......nope......recalculating now.
one thing about planet earth is that things do vanish. there are many accounts of this throughout history on every continent. this jet vanished.
" More than three months after the jet vanished " March8 to May27, new math Yahoo?
This was an Israeli operation. Anyone that disagrees is a paid troll.
his *** should have swallowed him
Yes, with the same mind control that we employ to take all of your money and control your governments, we guided and landed the plane at Ben-Gurien, without fuel, was like how we ran out of oil resulting in the celebration of Chanukah.
You mean I'm supposed to be getting PAID to tell you that you're a dooshbag, mod boy?
* Cyber-jacked by the CIA. * Pinging mechanism was over-clocked. * Imarsat controlled by Zapata shell company, Harbinger. * The Bay Of Pigs was Operation Zapata run by G. Bush, Sr! * Seen just North of Diego Garcia. * 9/11 was a Mossad crossover false flag, now they'll be a false flag in Israel, so Iran can be framed-up and attacked!
I m a troll but I m not getting paid.. :o(
i got paid by jew gold, i admit it!!
This drama never gonna end . Media still looking for ways to be No. 1 in there storys . You think they can tell the " Truth " for once ?
Sad story, I just hope those folks did not suffer and it was quick.
I guess this will lead to longer life of the black boxes batteries and maybe a system that transmitts basic data to a server for storage. Such a system would made it much easier to find lost aircrafts.
Or easier yet satellite tracking that is independent of the electrical systems of the plane and that cannot be turned off.
Took them more than couple months to come with such a lame story?
took you mother 9 months to come up with a lame idiot
He was premature , that may explain something.
If people have not learned from this mess not to fly on #$%$-T-Y little third world airlines!!! The good luck to you!!!
Yeah like America has not had its share of aviation disasters. Shut your ignorant hole.
it goes without saying : that all those that know the true capabilities of a Modern US made 777 Boeing Air Bus!... couldn't possibly ponder ( for One Minute)... that it's flight path? * & consequently it's Disappearance was solely do? to a mechanical failure.
CNN must be thrilled, they will cover this for the next 4 weeks 24/7.
Ha Ha. Malaysia didn't use the data. They would have still been looking thousands of miles away but for the UK and US.
The CNN had stopped so I figured that they found it.
where the #$%$ is this plane?!!! i swear, if i find out iran/n.korea has it for future terrorist use, im really gonna go crazy
With thinking like that, it is obvious you already are crazy.
you must have the plane, you freakin terrorist......BTW my family/friends call me saint, so no, you havent seen the gist of me
Keep proving you are absolutely insane little girl. Now don't you have clients in the Wal-Mart parking lot to go down on?
im actually still waiting for my regular bunch for early morning sales........your family, out
you gonna blow my family? LOL, told you, you were insane but whatever blows your dress up.
yep, all of them, i'll do em all, both kinds altogether, except you, but i will send you the video fox xmas gift, that should make you hang yourself.....sucka, out
IF, you look at the data closely........you can see the exact spot that the Vampire Aliens took the plane!
quick, we are losing our time on news channels, Release more stats about the plane!
In that part of the world, saving face is more important than the truth, or people's lives !!!!!!!
What Country , Would keep the MH 370, a secret ? In the history of Aviation , Not 1 plane ever disapears ! MH 370 & its 239 passagers , Land or water , Its some where .
WHAT? It just took off and it ran out of fuel? I think that there is more to this story that none of the people trying to find the airplane are reporting to the public. They just say there is no new info from this release?
CNN needs to cover this more closely.
Can't believe the CNN didn't cover this. What were they thinking.
Something amiss.. just doesn't add up...
i bet you guys , there was somebody on that plane they wanted to disappear for good.
but Obama wasn't on the plane?
About time. CNN needs this story.
You can't find what "ain't" lost.
If you can't find it, you know where it probably is? With Jimmy Hoffa. Find Jimmy...and there's your plane.
Michael Exner must be the same kind of person that saw a pod and missiles on the belly of the 9/11 planes...
My money lays on the plane made landfall. There would have been some debris that float and the plane would have come apart at such great sinking depth. Something would have risen to the surface of the ocean. There is a plane out there waiting for a special event to go down with a great explosion.
You terrorists are going ot have to find some other way to terrorize people. This aircraft is under miles of ocean water, and it can't hurt anyone. The next time it will be seen is on the scope of a robotic camera in pieces on the ocean floor. I wish you terrorist clowns would stop trying to dupe those who are either too stupid or too cowardly to realize that.
I don't believe it for one minute. If you have the data then where is the plane? How come there are holes in the data?
Why waste billions of dollars trying to find it? So what if it was shot down or the pilot took it down or a bomb blew it up in mid air? Why do we need to know?
David, please don't be foolish. Why do you think we need to know what happened? It's common sense to want and need to know why....aircraft failure, human error, skyjacking, etc etc etc. Again, I say...don't be foolish....of course we need to know why!
There is a chance, that this plane never crashed. There is a chance this plane landed and will be used again someday.
Must have been one hell of a well built jet if it crashed as not one single piece of wreckage has been found floating on the water. NOTHING. Someday this jet will turn up in a hanger in one piece, for who knows why. And why would a pilot have a flight simulator in his house unless he was planning something no good?
Lots of pilots have simple "flight simulators" (this was a homemade computer rig, not a "real" flight simulator) and also fly constantly as a hobby. Flying is addictive which is why people will pay to be trained and then work like hell at nearly minimum wage (what they pay an entry level first officer on a small commercial plane) just to have a shot at eventually being in the left seat of a big jet.
Why would a mechanic have tools in his garage ....because he loves it.
Also...a flight simulator could also be used to practice flying in any and all weather elements.
It's all 8ull $hyt! Cover up!
Hard to believe this day and age something like this can happen.
At least they narrowed it down. "It's out there somewhere."
Ran out of gas???? Weren't they only an hour into their flight? Sounds like a MAJOR oooops to me !! Aren't they suppose to have enough to make the flight an a little EXTRA ????? I kinda don't believe this excuse. That plane is setting in another country right now and will be sent back at us full of some sort of terrorist acts.
The assumed "I'm out of fuel" ping occurred after the aircraft had been in the air for something like seven hours.
CALM DOWN...the Rio to Paris plane that went down in Atlantic was found TWO YEARS LATER,,and they KNEW where is was. SO relax all you conspiracy morons,,u havent any idea how hard it is to find stuff in the enormous spaces of the oceans. grow-up,,,educate yourself on REAL facts,,not your stupid suspicions.
Not true - it was located and known where it was within about 10 days. The Black Boxes were recovered two years later.
If you can prove it was not aliens, then I am sticking with an alien abduction..
a day late and a dollar short
A plane calling itself MH370 sat next to me at a bar in North Dallas a few nights ago. It bought a round for the house, went to the restroom... and never came back.
mental illness is no joke. you should seek help
Pictures or I don't believe you, Mike. And ignore sue ellen, she's just mad because MH370 didn't call her the next morning and now she feels like such a tramp.
Suann- I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.
What if the plane landed somewhere, and what can they use it for?
Its probably ran into the side of some mountain in china.
Conspiracy theory....looking more like it. What do the Malaysian's know that they are not telling? Who are they protecting? Why so long to release the info? Where is the plane? Nothing is adding up.
The moral of the story is don't get on a plane with Muslim pilots.
Some said it's an act of the "big tigers" in China as a result of domestic power struggle...
The island already moved . . .
what we know for sure is that the Malaysian gov't did not want this plane found - they did everything humanly possible to delay, mislead and misdirect the search. the question is ------------- why?
who in their right mind would believe anything coming from the Malaysian government?
CNN will be very sad when this is all over.
I find it insane a phone can tell a prius owner they've gone 1 meter past a gay bar using gps.......but a jumbo jet can vanish.........I smell feces mixed with fish laced period blood
the plane has a shiney new paint job and is ready for take off.
still doesnt make sense, if it simply ran out of fuel, then the pilots would have been aware that they have little fuel left and would have radioed
yes, if they were alive & conscious.
alan, you think the entire plane was unconsious?
3 months later ,,, im sure there is a lot of things that are not being told you can bet on that
you want to know where the plane is?...just ask the short dude on Fantasy Island...he sees those damn things before the boss every freakin time....guys got some eyeballs on him.
When are they going to start looking in hangers for this plane?
Hey, maybe the black boxes should have batteries lasting more THAN 30 DAYS!!!
That plane is own the ground somewhere. What's happened to the people, any ones guess
WHY did they wait / WHY THE DELAY?
WHY DID IT TAKE SO LONG HOW DOCTORED UP WILL THIS THING BE DOCTORED UP LIES LIES LIES LIES LIES THERE IS 2 TO 3 GOVERMENT LIES LIES LIES ABOUT THIS
How long do you figure it is supposed to take and how do you come up with that assumption? I guess it doesn't take any time to appoint someone to gather the information, then put it all together and type up and print and double check and pass it along to someone else who does the same thing then publish the information in a place available to the public. And I suppose this should have all been started the exact day the plane went missing even though it would have been a waste of time if they found the plane. And I guess the people putting this all together should have been working 24 hrs a day with no lunch or day off. Basically you are saying it takes longer to release a lie than it does the truth. Not sure what planet you live on but the truth takes a lot more time to verify and gather than a lie does.
Not the cap on your head.
IF YOU BELIEVE THIS #$%$ THEN YOU WILL BELIEVE THAT OBAMA IS A GOOD GOOD PRESIDENT YOU ARE LIED TO EVERY DAY BY YOUR GOVERMENT AND OTHER GOVERMENTS BUT THE SHEEP WILL BE SPOONED FEED AND BELIEVE ANYTHING
@ David : Settle down , Dave !
I agree with you Daniel, David is a bit wound up, huh? It's people like him we ALL need to watch out for. I hope he's not a pilot!!!!
Sounds like something fishy is going on here?
Intelligent, academic stuff always sounds fishy to morons because they lack the intellectual capacity to grasp the requried concepts.
Obviously a cover up.In 2014 with all the technology available they can't locate this plane.I believe the international community knows more than their telling the public
people of this world should be demanding answers to the booges story
enough time to edit the mistakes and cover-up the fact this was a government takeover. don't be surprised to see this plane used in another false flag attack.
What are some other false flag attacks you think Malaysia has been involved in? Why is this easier for you to believe than they just don't know?
i dont believe it was malaysia that took their own plane.
this incident has all the classic indicators of a alien abduction.
They cant find it cause they are looking in all the wrong places!
they demand the release of the data...so now it is released. Now that it is released, they don't believe the data. Now they go back to 'we want to see some debris" if they did produce some debris now, they would #$%$ well deny that anyway. What is it with people and denial these days.
Excuse me but, idiots!! The plane did not cash but was kidnaped.
Well there is one thing for sure ,when its all put together and they can prove it then we will find out just what happened , the BLAME GAME has never proved a thing yet SLA
i really wonder how plan has landed or might be crashed in indian ocean when it was enroute to beijing.....possibility of misleading people cannot be avoided as what i think is this flight must have be destroyed by some military base in that region as security majors or treat like 9/11
THE SILENCE OF NSA IS DEAFENING
They're busy hacking your cell phone. Stop pickin' on them.
We will never know w/o the black boxes.
At this point, it is hard to believe any so-called data...
Meanwhile, the NSA is watching the Boy Scouts for any anti-gay thoughts.
at least boyscouts don't go around crashing planes into the sea killing 100s
ANYONE FIGUE HOW MUCH FUEL WAS ON PLANE AND WHERE THAT WOULD FLIGHT 370 INSTED PAYING A GUY TO DRAW CIRCLE'S
747 comments... as in Boeing 747.
this will be one of the greatest mystery of modern time.
Malaysian airline officials rebutted to the claim that aliens were not responsible for the disappearance of flight MH370 swiftly; "You can't prove that they don't exist".
are the Australians still searching for it?? I thought they were going to find it within days, it's been over a month
I believe it was an abduction by a ship from another planet. The humans that were on the plane are now probably in cages in a zoo on the planet Ziptar. I hope they have a PETA on Ziptar
3 months on the sea is pretty damn long...
I think someone will just stumble across the plane. Then they will say " We misread the information" This whole thing is Nuts, A plane doesn't disappear!
So, what is holding up the suits for compensation??
wish i could here more about mars rovers, is there an info black out or something???
They've learned this tactic form the obama admin
All will be revealed on the season debut of Lost: Malaysia. Coming soon to a TV near you, brought to you by CNN.
Has a complete passenger manifest been released ?
If you believe this I have a wonderful bridge for sale.
When does the movie come out? I'll probably wait till dvd.
where i can find the 45 pages of information released by inmarsat and malaysian airlines
In that case, why are you bothering to read the article and make a post? Please go pack to smoking your joint.
Exactly Lessismore!!! Danny apparently was at least a little interested in what the article had to say.....OR...his whole intention was simply to come straight to the comment section just to add a "hateful, insensitive" remark!!! Either way, his comment makes him a imbecile!!!
@Lessismore - pack to smoking, you smoking too..LOL.
@Commenter - ask me do I care about your comment... only imbeciles care about lies told by the Malaysian government.
Philipine, malaysia they are all pirates govts
Shot down in the Gulf of Thailand.
i still think it's hiding behind a tree somewhere. hope i'm wrong. i don't really want to see that plane again. it would not be good for anyone.
you'd think that our politicians in Washington were running this investigation, it so bungled
Jesus Christ, I thought that this #$%$ was done with.
Ran out of FUEL? Really.... if that was the case, why no may day calls afterwards...dead silence is not of a plane that is out of fuel...
I think that maybe God took it or they landed somewhere. Everything happens for a reason. Maybe hackers took control, I don't know.
Only 3 months later??? Totally not suspicious
Does anyone remember TWA flight 800?
Oh yeah. Got nailed by the Navy missiles. Saw the documentary on Netflix. Shame on our government!
This is what happens when you let village idiots have their own country
They are being held captive on Dr . morons island running experiment on them mixing there dna with animals or aliens.
Moreau. Moron behind the keyboard. THEIR.
The plane will return when you forget about it.
who the stupid person that had known this and been keeping it until now?
It landed at Deigo-Garcia air base,, never crashed
they probably got stuck in the Bermuda Triangle
5 years from now, on some Tuesday morning It will be found when we least expect it.
Thank god--Dennis Rodman--wasn't on flight---it be a black oil slick
The fact that nothing has been found sure adds fuel to those "conspiracy theories"........doesn't it?
and we all know that no government would lie to us. Right?
like all supposed science- it is a best 'guess' when it comes to such small amounts of data and ONE teeny wrong 'guess' skews the entire outcome!!!
"the final "ping" message sent to the satellite didn't coincide with the previous, hourly pings" HA! that's all you'll ever get from Davy Jones Locker ......
why in the hell would they wait 3 months to release this date? its ridiculous, outrageous and completely unacceptable. What is this world coming to?
can we just move along, we'er beating this one to death....
Ps don't publish crap news...no one is interested what, where, who is doing ? For the mercy of the people whose loved one's are lost, give some good news about who were lost..
And if the news is not good?
I care about ANY news regarding this plane crash. I don't think reporters should stop reporting on it so that it becomes forgotten in the minds of the world. I want an update, even if nothing has happened.
come on, you weren't expecting the truth, were you????
Planes do disappear...I bet they are in the water....now let them be..rest in peace!
I find it SO HARD to beleive that a aircraft of that size could be just GONE!! I mean GONE thrid world country have sub standards things but REALLY!? come on now!?
Yahoo is desperately trying to keep this in the news even though there's nothing new to report
now is this the final version or draft??
Anther 6 months of news for CNN!
I am still not convinced that the plane is at the bottom of the ocean.I find it hard to believe that NO debris has eve rbeen found. I fear that the plane is going to used to bring harm somewhere in the future.
One fact for sure since this happened, with all the many nations and them that think they know all the answers? this issue has them stumped. All they can say is nothing more than speculate. Who and how this was pulled off if ever found out how it happened, will surly make a great movie, even if the truth is never............found out. I hope the needed information will be recovered and the true facts told. My worst worry of who thought this up and truly hope they gain no power of management of a population any where on this planet. Lord God I pray, we find these evil people amen.
If that data can be released now, why could it not have been released back then?
hmm, released Sat data. now, if any of the families can stand up and say what it means I will be impressed.
lies ,lies and more lies as the criminal international banker owned media programs the zombies here on lanet earth
ISN'T IT TOOOOOOOOOOO LATE to release the report ?
took them that long to "doctor" the facts?
I do not believe this plane has crashed in the water or on land either.... none of the emergency systems went off... NONE ... I believe this plane has been stolen and I also feel the US was involved.... I still believe the plane made a stop at Diego Garcia which is a joint US and England base... put it into your browser...
After reading this data it has been determined everyone's cable bill will increase as usual...lol
This just might be breaking news on CNN!!!
maybe it was the same story as with Iran Air Flight 655, only their government is trying to hide it, so they won't get in trouble
Planes don't just crash without leaving tons of wreckage every where, especially one as big as a Beoing777. It's on land some where....
When Air France 447 crashed in the Atlantic Ocean on May 31, 2009, it did not leave a large debris field that was easily found; rather, it left some small debris fields of small things, and the largest piece of the wreckage on the surface - the tail section - was not found until almost a week after the crash Most of the stuff that was little stuff that was picked up in drips and drabs. It's entirely possible that this crash may be the same. 447 was an Airbus 330 and has similar dimensions to that of a 777. "On 2 June at 15:20 (UTC), a Brazilian Air Force Embraer R-99A spotted wreckage and signs of oil, possibly jet fuel, strewn along a 5 km (3 mi) band 650 km (400 mi) north-east of Fernando de Noronha Island, near the Saint Peter and Saint Paul Archipelago. The sighted wreckage included an aircraft seat, an orange buoy, a barrel, and "white pieces and electrical conductors" Early on 6 June 2009, five days after Flight 447 disappeared, two male bodies, the first to be recovered from the crashed aircraft, were brought on board the Caboclo[76] along with a seat, a nylon backpack containing a computer and vaccination card and a leather briefcase containing a boarding pass for the Air France flight.[77][78] The following day, 7 June, search crews recovered the Airbus's vertical stabilizer, the first major piece of wreckage to be discovered. By 16 June 2009, a total of 50 bodies had been recovered in two distinct groups more than 50 miles (80 km) apart" The big difference between this crash and 447 is that they had a good idea where 447 went down and where to look; that is not the case with this crash. The initial search area for 447 was a fraction of what it is for this aircraft because they knew 447's last location, and it wasn't far from that where they ultimately found the aircraft. The initial search area for this crash was 2,000,000 square miles. That being the case, if there were only small things given up by this crash, like what was given up with 447, they are going to be much harder to find simply because the search area is so much larger. After 7 weeks, the debris has scattered significantly, and a cyclone went through the area a week or two ago, and that would have scattered the debris even more. After 7 weeks and the cyclone, larger, heavier debris would have sunk leaving only small debris. When you factor in all the garbage that's it in the ocean, it makes it even more difficult because garbage will camouflage the debris from the aircraft. The search for this aircraft is, far and away, more difficult than it was for 447. The aircraft was run out of fuel, and without fuel, you're not going to have a large "oil" slick. I think those investigating this aircraft accident, the best in the world, are aware that no debris has been found; they also are more aware that there are logical reasons for this than those who have never investigated an aircraft accident in their lives are. If you think those in the NTSB, the BEA, the FAA, the AAIB, and the ATSB don't know what they're doing, maybe you should go over there and tell them how to do their jobs since, even though you've never investigated an aircraftt accident in your life, you seem to think you can do their jobs better than they can.
@FUTTHE Didn't read a word you just typed other than your last paragraph, because that's usually where people place their insults. How do you know I've never investigated an aircraft accident in my life? Have you ever met me? Also, yes I do believe I could do a better job than they can, because I would start by stopping all these expensive water searches and I would get a warrant to Diego Garcia, which is where the plane is being held.
Im going to put my insults on the first paragraph--U are moron Myles--First of all Diego Garcia is home to about 2500 military personelle--of all different security levels as well as about 1500 LOCAL CONTRACTORS (ie NON Americans-- No way this plane lands on Diego Garcia and it is kept a secret--Oh and you are also saying that our military murdered 239 civilians some of them children--This is the US military not the Gestapo or SS Myles. Oh and the idea that the US would risk war with China--and make no mistake -kidnapping and murdering 150 Chinese would put them on the warpath(rightfully so) and the US is risking World War 3 Why? tell me why Myles--I would like another glimpse into your twisted, head.
You don't need to state my name at the end of every sentence. My name is Myles. We get it.... So because I believe this plane (which held very important cargo) landed on a military base which is SMACK in the center of the planes route, means I have a twisted mind? It's actually a very realistic possibility, and I'm not the only one who thinks it. Also, the united states military has no jurisdiction over whether or not the plane were to be hijacked and landed there. If the President gives the CIA the orders to due so, that's exactly what will happen, whether the military likes it or not. I'm not going to spew childish insults at you like you did to me, because we all know when you're behind a computer screen it's really easy to call someone a moron, but I do have a request for you: Explain to me why Diego Garcia suspended all flights on March 8, the EXACT DAY that the flight went missing, for approximately 72 hours. Doesn't that sound a bit fishy to you? Come on man, we all know someone is hiding something here.
Everything about this suppossed plane crash has been bogused to hide the real reasons a few corrupt governments.
"have been unable to say with any certainty what happened on board." Nah, we're pretty certain that the muslim copilot intentionally murdered the passengers and crew. Everywhere around the world muslims are becoming more violent.
Actually, this would be the third documented case of muslim pilots murdering their passengers.
Qzy=moron. go back to your mothers basement
I am one of the ones who think the plane is somewhere intact.
there are lots of stupid people on this planet
Poor dear... and they let you post ALL BY YOURSELF?
Still not buying into the "it crashed into the ocean" #$%$!
What CAN they say,,, any "reasonable" explaination is better than NONE... This plane did not crash..... it was "LANDED"... likely Diago Garcia, they posted a NO FLY for 72 hours... WHY???? awaiting a special arrival..... Dont be so gullable folks,, by this explaination they hope you just accept it and move along,, pick up your everyday agenda,, watch another 24 hr marathon of Andy Griffith... and let someone else figure it out..... Do YOur own research.... was it just a coincidence that CNN (Richard Quest) did and interview with this Mayasian, co-pilot, just weeks before this event.. "Move Along Folks,, Nothing to SEE HERE..,,
I know this isn't what the family wants but I hope this brings them closure.
It is about time you took the data from your satellites, that should have been one of the first things that you did, Slow are you not......maybe just maybe this could have been settled months ago and would not have cost so much to find out, and the worry that all these people have gone thur that love the victims, and have some kind of closure......
How many stories are they going to tell before this plane flies into a building.
more proof there was a cover up
its going to bomb the whitehouse on july 4 2014
Hmm, since you know of this terrorist attack then you should be reported, right?
And why no mention of the last known position from the 406Mhz ELT? I havent seen in any article ever a reference to the emergecy locater transmitter.
You're assuming that the ELT activated. If it didn't, there would be no "last known position".
3 months, huh....move along, nothing going on here!
How convenient! The manufacturer doesn't install any kind of state-of-the-art monitoring system that could point to them. Black boxes?...That's 1970s technology.
Bought on the rumor, sold on the news...
The Malaysian officials conducting the search should be jailed
Everyone should know by now, the plane made a left turn. Can't even know that for sure. That was what was last reported.
Two questions, how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie roll pop and where did flight MH 370 crash? The world may never know.
300 page report to tell us the run out of fule........are you kidding me?
The plane flew into the twilight zone.
Nothing new here folks! Move along!!
What difference does release of satellite data make? If you are not an engineer or scientist it won't make any sense, and I don't think many relatives are either.
CNN can stop the world and spend three days on this. They've become as goofy as Faux News with their Benghoofi madness.
I'm sure we will find MH370 parts on Ebay!
I can bet the NSA knows where that plane hit the water .
The pilots were muslims.....There, I just solved the mystery.
its time to move on about this plane no one well every find it we are sick oh hearing abut it and all the money being wasted on it
I wonder how many years it will take before people say what plane?
When they do an autopsy of the dead Fat Mexican,He Ate It! they'll find it in his Bowels!
Teasing news of the day, Send he Sopranos
**LETS PRAY... ** dear God, the owner of everything that ever existed including our lives...PLEASE TOUCH ONE OF THE CRIMINAL SPY OF DEVIL-AMERICA,,,WHO BOMB THE MALAYSIAN AIRLINES....we are just asking one to tell us the truth about this tragedy...bcoz without you we can do nothing, this terrorist devil-america have the most sophisticated technology nothing compared to anybody,,they have the best network of spy terrorist around the world,,,WE CANNOT DEFEND OURSELVES OH GOD........PLEASE HELP US OUR ONLY HOPE..
Aliens from outer space...mark my words! Only 50 years ago flying to the moon was Science Fiction...truth is stranger than fiction!
This whole thing is a cover up.
To see the data, google "dca inmarsat pdf"
Where is CNN, this is breaking news?
"Malaysia releases satellite data on missing jet" - Malysia releases fabricated satellite data on missing jet published by US or China or Israel
The data was provided by the U.K. satellite company Inmarsat, moron.
#MH370: The case is TOP SECRET for the #NSA t dot co slash 0UZVNOH8SF
I guess it is time for people to start believing in the "Outer Limits"
I wonder what took them so long to release answers which the entire world craved for.
Who was on Board? SURVEY. A Guy with a Gun A Guy with a Knife!
A Muslim capable of stealing a jetliner.
@KarlH Like that Vicious Hybrid Ca Whyte Guy!
That is why he used both knife & gun together.....Effect of Genes.
Own Stink a Source of Pleasure, yeah? When someone sees Photos/Videos of Others' Religions, How Rubbish it Appears to them.....But for those that are interested in it, It is MORE than Their Own Life! It is high time to remove gAd with COLLECTIVE EFFORT! A Big Rock stuck in Earth can only be Uprooted with Combined Interest. One can close eyes & calm oneself without That Spitual B.S! Just like unnecessary LipShit ....If so useful, Men also would be using it! Stinking Stuff on Mouth, Yekh!
MH370 isn't missing, the NWO elite know exactly where it is,
The Malays will not release anything of importance, or even consider that the pilot may have been to blame - its the way they are
MH370 is @ Diego Garcia US Navy Base! Check out Youtube!
its none of your business why they didnt release it..its govt secret info..doesnt help now didnt help then.so so sorry
good LRD..even a 3rd grader could tell you where it went..so sorry for the losses..but incompetence or not..isnt changing the facts... the plane was GONE before anyone could do anything.. even if they chased the plane.... theres nothing that could be done...again so so sorry
** IF DEVIL-AMERICA IS THE TERRORIST,, its really difficult to find solutions,,simply bcoz the terrorist here used the most sophisticated technology of terror... 1. The world cannot even solved the 9-11 bombing of the world trade center by devil-america....those buildings are huge and those remains are too much.....THE TERRORIST HERE JUST BLAMED IT TO BIN LADEN THEIR PARTNER IN CRIME.. 2. the same with air france 447, also MH370...the terrorist who ordered to bomb this planes are the same people who ordered to go find the missing planes,,and the same people will cover up..THIS WORLD IS FULL OF DEVIL-AMERICA DECEPTIONS.. 3. Just like with the spying,,the people who were consistently spying the world and countries....are the same people who keep on preaching STOP SPYING WE NEED TO BE TRANSPARENT, WE NEED TO RESPECT HUMAN DIGNITY..... ** THE WORLD IS JUST A JOKE UNDER DEVIL-AMERICA,,,IF WE DON'T FROM ANOTHER UNITED NATION THAT WILL COUNTER THE LIES AND DECEPTION OF AMERICA.....the world is domed to have only 2 options.....either who go fight and die,,or you bow down to americans democratic hypocracy deception...
Why don't we drain the ocean first and THEN look for the plane? Duh.
I heard that actor Jet Li's stunt double Ju Kun was on flight 370 that night. Ju Kun was also in the 2010 movie (The Expendables) as Jet Li's stunt double.
...and they continue to spin fractured fairy tales!
if a celeb loses their purse dog it can be tracked in real time 24/7 across the country. the airlines wont spend a single dime on new safety features until after a few planes go down and they cant afford to payout to any more family members. there is no excuse for why these planes aren't being tracked better than paris Hilton's dog.
But yet the can find Kim Kun-tdashian anywhere.... The worlds priorities..
They still haven't found this thing yet?
I hope no one actually believes the mainstream media's reports on this incident
Ok, let me guess, the butler did it.
MALAYSIAN NEED TO LEARN HOW TO FLIGHT PLANE
you need to learn english, Nomnomnomnom is an imbecile moron...
Its quite a lame excuse, get Mulder and Scully to get the investigation right.
Hijacked and flown to the desert like the old days.Someone needs a jet for the future.
suicidal pilot or co-pilot...kills other pilot....goes outside of the cockpit,,,,shoots out a window,,,goes back into cockpit,,,takes plane up to 40,000 feet..all passengers freeze to death or suffocate...pilot takes plane for a joyride,,evading radar....zig- zaging all over,,,heads south....fuel running low....pilot takes plane down for a very soft controlled landing on the water...the wings break off,,,sink whole....water fills the airline cabin,,,,the plane sinks..whole. no explosion..no debris field. plane is at bottom of ocean....plane eventually will be found will minor damage...all dead....pilot may have opened emergency door right after landing in water...jumped out to swim away....dies drowning....eaten by sharks. plane will be found....it will take years to be found..but it will be found..and recovered.
A mystery writer you're not. Neither are you a pilot. Your crackpot fantasy has more holes in it than a collander.
I just watched that 80's movie Millenium with Kris Kristofferson. Same thing happened here.
The data: Microsoft Windows has found an error and has to shut down. EAX = 0123FF4E ECX = FFF1FFF RIP = it is RIP itself !
they are DEAD. give it a rest already and move on.
What a BS ......its a hoax set up by Rothschild to kill 4 Chinese patent holders where he had to share profit rights with. Now the Chinese are missing Jacob get everything himself .....
How can we tell they are undoctored...?
The plane obviously went into outer space!!!
Just my opinion....Governments with advanced spy satellites Im sure have the capability of reverse digital video technology, These satellites are all around world. Getting my point..?
If they weren't pointing directly at the plane there won't be any video to reverse. What are the chances a spy satellite would be following a commercial flight over the South China Sea?
james do you work for the nsa?
They're not going to find it until they start looking in Pakistan......... in a hangar.
2 hands working do more than 1000 hands clasped in prayer.
I see three thumbs that live in a world of total fiction. Please, keep those thumbs up your BUTITs and see how well it does for you.
Did you hear about the guy from NYC that told his wife he was going on a business trip to China and was booked on flight 370? Well he now has to spend the rest of his life hiding in his girlfriends apartment in Manhattan..........
Why does he have to hide?
Because he is presumed missing, and if he shows up somewhere, everyone, including his wife, will know he was lying about the business trip. Just my guess, assuming this isn't just a joke.
Still no names of who was on this plane! No Pics! No Names! So who was on this plane?
Didn't that free-lance pilot find this damn thing using google earth?
the passengers and the plane are all gone without any trace .Now just pay the victims so they can move on with their life's .Dont cheat them again please .
WHO should pay them, how much, and WHY?
reports say its over hear, No its over there, and some say its over hear, while others think it might be over there .. fargen Bone heads all of them ..otherwise never fly with a 3rd world airlines or no one will be able to find your luggage or you..
It's time to stop looking for that plane. It is gone and unfortunately so are the passengers. I am not being mean but they need to do their grieving and get on with life. There is no reason to stand around and hope for the hopeless. I am sorry but this needs to stop.
Sometimes planes crash folks. And sometimes, even, in the deep ocean. And sometimes, they are never heard from again. Just ask Amelia Earhart.
I really don't think it crashed. People were paid off to say it did. I think a unknown county is holding it.
Sure, and a vast conspiracy involving the 20+ countries involved in the search, scientific experts, etc - are all part of the vast cover-up. Then again, who gains from such a plot?
Obviously what the blind sheeple will never admit is GeorgeBush.
The plane was set off course and ran out of fuel and went down.. Might of been on purpose might of been a rookie error. Hard to say anything definite without the black box
One independent source that received the raw data asked, "Why the F'k is half of this written in crayon? Plus there are like 10 pages of mistake riddled Where's Waldo puzzles."
The time for the Islamic #$%$ to do this is when it mite have been helpful. They no doubt have lots of other info that would help out now. They don`t trust unbelievers and we can`t trust them. There are no live humans to find now only junk!
The MH 370 is sitting at " Diego Garcia " Island . And the Bathy scape " Trieste " submarime , Can dive 35,813 FT. below sea level . Go ahead and spend more time & money looking, Plane is very deep waters, Trieste can fine it .
or was it shot down during a military exercise.?
do you recall any military exercises in the area? i dont. and they always talk about them, especially in that region.
not to be too pedantic, but 3 months since the flight went missing ? Its hardly been a week over two ???
By now it has passed the moon heading towards Mars!!
My question about planes, is Hello anyone home. I been telling everyone where its at it landed on the moon and its all the Dem's Obomo fault!!!
"One can see no conceivable reason that the information could not have been released nine or ten weeks ago." (...) Yes, there is, they don't want the plane being found.
The fiction is more the Truth. * Movie: The Man of Steel. MIA 370 and the exact same coordinates. Was this punishment for convicting the U.S. and Israel in KL or a message to Putin or......worse? Side note: Mar 7, 2014 - the U.S. Navy announces we are a nation of LaWS.
Nothing but lies!!! If it ran out of fuel then lots of parts would be floating (yet nothing!!!)
no parts would be floating everything is at the bottom of the ocean.
@ johnjohn : Really ? Could you tell us exactly where at the bottom of the ocean it is ?
The plane was carrying/smuggling a very high-tech equipment to China.The CIA/NSA had to prevent this plane from reaching its destination. Plus they have the technology to hijack the plane. Most likely the plane is now hidden in a secret underground hanger at Diego Garcia...
I'm confused. Was Diego Garcia the former shortstop for the Baltimore Orioles in the late 70's, the former guitarist for the Grateful Dead, or the Spanish golfer?
It's Obama's fault just like it's his fault for the Benghazi scandal, IRS scandal, AP scandal, Fast & Furious, Solyndra, GSA gone wild, VA scandal, birth-gate, Rosengate, The New Black Panthers, Keystone XL and many more..
President Blackinstein is destroying America! It's time for a Teabilly revolt!!
OH good, now we can find it right away
You morons don't have a freaking clue......Just admit it you lost a plane and thank god no one really cares.....You guys are Idiots
Are they still going on about this hoax?
Good one. I believe if the truth really came out about this plane it would be stranger than fiction.
In 5 years that plane will surface again color change full with bombs i just hope its not headed to the US they killed all passengers(its in a bunker somewhere)
it is in the desert covered .... occupants probably dead .... it will be used again
HIDE the black helicopters are coming for you OMG HIDE the kids OMG they are going to kill us all OMG HIDE my name is Keith and i am a #$%$ OMG HIDE
The plane will show up in about 5 years from now fitted with a nuke and headed towards Israel.
the plane landed in Malaysian military base
That plane went north and is not in the water....Somebody needs to find that plane, it just does not disappear
Most likely, the muslim copilot supported muslim Uighur terrorists in China by murdering Chinese citizens.
Uighurs are rabidly anti Chinese, but equally anti-violence against anyone else. And they really don't have the support of the mainstream Muslim world because they AREN'T anti-American or anti-Israel.
THE CORRUPT ONES FORGOT TO MENTION, THAT THE ENGINE MANUFACTURERS HAVE CONSTANT DIGITAL CONTACT WITH THE ENGINES 24/7
I'm not too sure that the plane even went down. I figure that it might have been hijacked and landed in some Asian country. Who knows?
Malaysia is one of the most backward country in Asia...what do you expect...I thought it would take decades to release this bs data...hey they came up in 3 months....that's progress I say
I didn't know today is June 8. June 8 marks the THREE MONTH anniversary of when the plane vanished--March 8 is when it happened!!
After Reading all Thats happen-I Say its been Hi jacked And There trying to Cover It up. hell We All Know If a Plane goes missing They Know what Happen. This Is not The first time.And Not the last But either way They will Still Cover there #$%$.
Ha... google Diego Garcia....its not a person, but an island owned by the CIA....
google moron. there is your picture
HA... google Diego Garcia... it's an island OWNED AND CONTROLLED BY BRITAIN!
Sounds like pilot error to me. Wouldn't you have checked the fuel level BEFORE you took off?
Only God knows what happened to that plane. Now they are trying to act like they know what happened. The only thing that I am sure of is that they are clueless
CHINA SHOT THEM DOWN NEAR THE$ OIL RIG facts
CNN will probably get a thrill out of this "news". Better that, than praising our Black Messiah...
As told by a SOCIALLY CHALLENGED DUNCE!
the REASON THIS PLANE WENT DOWN was from natural EMP burst released from the tectonically active region below. The Sunda plate is sinking and the elites know it! That's why the search was distracted into the wrong waters. They didn't want you all figuring it out if more search planes went down in the same area. Most of you didn't catch the news blip in the Times about a SECOND MH flight nearly going down on the SAME EXACT FLIGHT PATH weeks later. Same reason, electrical failure. Only their aux power saved them long enough to emergency land in HK. Their brothers on MH370 died in the air due to loss of cabin pressure before diving into the ocean. This was not the fault of pilots, Malaysian gov't, or any human involved. Get over yourselves. The tectonic plates are acting up for one very big reason and it's not the Sun. Do you research.
So than Mr. Wizard, where's the wreckage?, And or Debris
Ancient aliens. Either that or catalytic converters. They are everywhere.
FIND IT IN THAT HELL PLACE CALL Iran.......terrorist gov.....Kaman......satanic leader of iranian gov.....%$%$ialamic evil....terrorist.....
it's at the bottom of the ocean
I am praying, and I know that g$d has kept all the those people safe, until we can find them.
All hail the magic conch shell!! and the shell says.. "they're all dead"
anybody check Rob Kardashians #$%$ high probability its hiding in there
It was a suicidal terrorist attack by the pilot. If you follow Malaysian politics you will know why.
Don Lemon says it went through a black hole. He is an expert on black holes.
glad these people arent looking for al capones safe
Libbie reporters are so very predictable.
They don't have a clue as to where this plane is.
The co-pilot tried to make a cell call after plane turned around and crossed Malaysia I think thats the telling sign here....
yes. the co=pilots an idiot. cell phones don't work over the ocean
this is all BS. It flew north into eurasia and landed somewhere
At least they are still looking and as long as they do there is still hope for answers.
I think the problem here is Islam
it's on the "highway to heaven"
EYE OPENER, EAR OPEANER , BRAIN OPEANER ....Do we really think they are going to give us any honest news . EVERYTHING TO DATE HAS BEEN ANDCONTINUE TO BE LIES!
This planed was high jacked by the US for the drone technology
The same people who took Jimmy Hoffa hijacked this plane. Maybe they also the ones who shot Kennedy....
they always say that it might have went missing in the water but they have never said anything about maybe the flight operater high jacking it and landing it some where and keeping them captive or they might have crashed on and desserted island
two countries know what happened to this flight and why. Where is the real cargo manifest? why was the world deceived by the countries involved? if this plane is in the deepest part of the ocean where nothing can go who put it there and why? and since there has been no floating wreckage, which there should be, who landed it, unloaded it before taking it back up and crashing it into the deep trenches.
it sure too a long time to fake that data....
Does anyone else call #$%$ on this
With the cr@p going on between Vietnam and Red China makes me wonder if it went down in Vietnam. It was almost in Vietnam's airspace when it dropped off radar. Hum!
insurance scam....no plane existied.... get a grip people...no one was killed in Santa Barbara either...watch your backs
shot down by usa - there is a book that explain the whole disappearance
And there's another book that'll explain the whole disappearance -- but it will come to entirely different conclusions using the exact same evidence. Don't be too quick to believe a book just because the story sounds thrilling.
8-Ball....there were many books and stories based on the Bermuda Triangle too. Yet many of those were later proven to have been embellished by mere speculation, and therefore not containing actual "facts"!!!
That was the best Malatsian could do.
plenty of gold bar in the plane.
The USA will see this jet again in its air space. It will not be friendly then. This is a ghost plane that will resurface in the near future. Until they find wreckage, actual proof, with no doubt....BEWARE
there is this bk that says usa shot it down
Where is the actual evidence, proof that it is down, in this ghost place. Tell these victims kinfolk, aunt, uncle, mother, dad....that this is where your loved one was lost. You can't and shame on you for accepting heresy... I try to place myself in their shoes who lost someone and I would want to know exactly how and where they died. No government statistics, analogy, or prediction would and will not do in this circumstances, nor should it in yours.
@Wow, I want to go here, "Where is the actual evidence, proof that it" was hijacked and flown someplace where it can be weaponized? What did the captors do with the people? How did they defy physics and exceed the plane's fuel range? Stop drinking the Kool-Aid, son. Your brain is dissolving.
@Glee, same thing for you: Evidence, please? ("this bk" won't cut it).
You allneedto stop with speculations, the plane went down fast...sry for the people on that plane...their is no more to search they are dead and thru the planes defecet
No debris found? Not even a floating cushion? Something stinks..
The plane is gone, MOVE ON!!!!! So sick of hearing about this.
Then quit tormenting yourself by reading and commenting on the articles dummy!!! This is NOT called "Ken's World" ya know!!! Geez.
aahhhhh, but it is MY WORLD!
They got beamed up into the belly of a ..Yup one-a them things and it's being ...observed...well MAYBE !
If you want to know possibly what happened . go to youtube ; look up , the real reason flight 370 disappeared .
somehow I think some on board new something was going to happen as in the man who gave his wife his watch and wedding ring before leaving on that flight....weird.....we will never know
45 pages of (B)ull S###, they have no clue what went on, or what happen
C'mon, level with us for a change. It's in Pakistan, with a new paint job. We'll see this plane again.
Plane went down ? What plane ?? Nobody cares about this passe news anymore !!! Or that tipped over Ferry ! But,,,, In any case, Godspeed.
Whatever happened to the two illegal Iranians travelling on stolen Italian passports? There was a news conference and everything....
The plane is on planet 51
pilot suicide -- his wife left him the day before and his friend said he was in no condition to fly
Interesting, I missed this news. Where'd you see it?
You missed it because it's not true, Tim. Don't worry about it, Barty's just one of the millions of loons with crackpot theories of alien abduction.
Aliens? ALIENS?!!! I missed that one too, Bob! Oh, MAN, what are we to do ?!!
Barry - funny, the pilot's son was on television in Asia and said this whole story about his wife leaving him was BS.
They cover up the wife story because the Malaysians want it to be some foreigner's fault. They won't admit that the Muslim pilot might be one of those that want to join Allah and the 70 virgins. His best friend's account is well documented
believe it or not I had a dream the day the plane disappeared - that it was moving in one direction in slow motion than took a U turn and after moving short distance again took U turn and that's it... disappeared.
Make the data available after someones been busy with a rubber over the past few weeks not doubt.
You a Brit? To avoid confusion with sexual innuendo we in the U.S. say, "eraser". Still you comment maybe more telling as is.
Two thumbs down so far for THAT?!!! This is even funnier! To all current & future thumbs down, "Tempera tubam quam in sinu fero."
Countries are discreet about what can track from space ...But you can bet a few were able see where this plane ended up..... .National security will always prevail
MH-370 will never be traced or found so long as super power and super police of world shall not be grilled. I am wondering why china is not keep to trace it?
Taking to World Court will Solve it.
i dont think whatever "findings" the malaysia government brings to the table will mean anthing now. everything it says and do will be doubted because of its unwillingness to share critical information at the beginning. i cannot but feel shocked to read that the transport minister said that fighter planes were not scrambled to intercept mh370 because there was no interception to shoot the unidentified plane. u shoot a target down we hen it poses a threat. period. but how do u confirm if an unidentified plane is a threat before intercepting it to do a proper assessment? think m'sia government really need to improve on its communication and transparency...
Just because MAS is a Malay concern, everyone is taking advantage making demands on everything, all data, all findings, all compensations, all expenses incurred by the families in staying in hotels everywhere, and all expenses of the families until the plane is found if ever. That is not even compensations yet. They are going to demand millions for the loss of earnings of the passengers for the number of years they are expected to work until they retires. What an opportunity in deed, beside getting all the publicities themselves. Who cares about the accidents in the plane and the tragedies. That is not their concern they say. They only want their family members back alive. They condemned MAS for carrying them even if it is not MAS choice but the choice of the passengers themselves.
First of all, are we certain that the 47 pages of data are not tampered before? no one at this point has finish analysising these page of data to confirm it is not a cooked data. so technically saying it is RAW data is incorrect
The victims and the relatives might have forgotten each other with noway to do..
Just admit that you shot it down after a conversation with the pilot about something special. I mean even the radio conversation words were reported wrongly and that is a simple task to report a recording.
Aiyah, all this just wayang, why not just be honest about the whole issue. Maybe its the senior pilot who plan all this because of Anwar issue and family problems, he want to screw up the Malaysian government.
Not a simple task when one person listens to the recording then passes the words down to another person who passes it down to another person and in between maybe English isn't one of those persons first language, this happened in Malaysia dontcha know. WHy does everybody think that only one person is involved with this investigation and that was only one person who was in contact with the airliner and is the only person giving info to reporters. Stop trying to point out stupid little details like if you are some super sleuth with a keen eye. EVERY and I mean EVERY incident has variations when it comes to information given and received. Police investigators will tell you that. Everything spoken and written is not done in stone. Peoples memories are not flawless. If anything variations are proof of something not being memorized or copied. Police investigators will tell you if everybodys testimony is exact without the slightest variation then they all memorized the same testimony. Proof of variation is the Kennedy Assassination. Some witnesses claimed they heard 3 shots, some 4 and some 5.
I don't agree Joe, part of my job is accident investigation and recordings are recordings, they should not change!
the Malaysian government shot it down and they are covering it up and using misdirection to keep the wreck lost.Someone is full of #$%$.
Suann, who is a moron? I know I am but there again I am a successful moron...hahahahahha
Sure you are, little buddy. Sure you are...
I am not little, I am fat! hahaha
this is a big cover up
It is purely guesswork , that is why until now no sign of plane or debris was sighted. The strong fear is the plane may be lost forever.
I think that the stronger fear is that the plane has been captured, and is being outfitted for a terrorist attack. Despite the enormous size of the ocean, if it had crashed into the water, some debris should have been found somewhere.
its right next to Iraq's WMD's...........
Maybe its going to be a transport vessel for Iraq's wmd...ever think of that?
maybe if my gma had a pecker shed be my gdad
news breaking news alerts-----Malaysia releases satellite data on missing jet they found it its was up the D-e-m's #$%$ like everything eles they do.
Dear GAWD!!!!!! CNN will run on this story for 2 weeks!!!!!
This is my opinion. I think this plane was taking over by remote control as a test. They killed everyone aboard when they took it up to 44,000 feet, which takes only a few seconds, then they flew the plane into an area they knew it would never be found. Just my opinion. I think it was a test experiment. Why has the U.S. not helped out to the level they could have. Plan and simple.
where is my green coconut on board ?