Exposed by Last Prophet's immediately after the "MH370 wing" episode was launched on 7/30 : Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370. Human cattle mocked to the utter limits: This page to prove that someone, albeit only one, predicted "the greatest U-turn in the History of mysteries", at the reunion of two previous "Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777" acts totally staged with actors, each one of them also exposed by Last Prophet within hours. end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
I can't understand why so many people were unwilling to accept the fact that this plane went in the ocean and everyone was either dead by then or shortly thereafter. This business, I have to see the crashed plane or the remains before believing that it happened, is really pathetic and unnecessarily dramatic. Sort of like not believing that Amelia Earhart didn't die when her plane ran out of fuel over the ocean, because the plane or her remains couldn't be found.
Wow let's hope this leads to the rest of the plane...these families deserve whatever closure they can get.
If so many lives weren't lost this would be a fascinating mystery. Sadly, it's becoming a long, drawn out tragedy.
I'll bet the folks at CNN still think MH370 got absorbed by a gravitational singularity.
Malaysia is confirming , France does not believe a confirmation is yet justified. Just another day in the world of misleading headlines.
NBC did a report a week ago and verified the part was from a 777. The part has a number printed on it which matched perfectly to the part number on the 777 plans for one of the flaps which looked identical to the part found on the beach. NBC showed the number on the part and then showed the same number on the schematic for the 777 for the flap. Then they said that there were no other missing 777 jets except the Malaysian flight. Where else could that part have come from unless someone staged it? I'm not singing the praises of NBC so much as pointing out they did their homework on this and it wasn't that hard.
Misleading the people is all the media is about in the usa
stephan, so they ran out quickly and painted the part number on the part that showed up on the beach without anyone's knowledge and then had a set of 777 plans created with the same part number printed on the plans over a part they had made to look like the beached part? Boy are they clever. That's a lot of effort to report verification. Can you tell me what benefit they got from verification? Did their ratings go up? Geesh!!!
The French are pretty quick and transparent unlike the Ukraine incident.
Malaysia confirmed. The French, as usual, are afraid to commit to anything. Despite the Malaysian confirmation it was part of MH370, prosecutors in France stopped short of declaring they were certain, saying only that there was a "very strong presumption" that it was the case
It's not really conclusive that this is the part of MH370. This is still a mystery until the plane body and any passengers or belongings are found. Just a flaperon like piece found doesn't make this case closed.
But what about the part number printed on the flaperon found on the beach which corresponded to the flaperon on the MH370 schematic having the same part number? When you consider that there is only one missing 777, just where else do you think that part came from? It could have been staged with a different flaperon, but why? Do you really think that all jet flaperons have the same part number even if they are for different planes and have different shapes? That's not reasonable. And finding the flaperon doesn't solve any mystery. Who said it solved a mystery? who said "case closed?"
Let's all hold our breath until a retraction is issue tomorrow!
The entire discussion below is to convince people that we can make flying as close as possible to being crash proof or zero risk by using the LES safety feature detailed in the second half of this post ( but remember, close to zero risk does not mean zero risk just as the President drives in a bombproof car but that does not mean he is at zero risk of injury but the President's car is as close to zero risk of being destroyed in a bomb blast). I am sure after the Titanic sank, the builders of the Titanic did not give up trying to build a safer ship to prevent little kids from suffocating and drowning to death in total darkness and terror while trying to reach out with their trembling little hands to their moms for help. At the end of this posting, ask yourself this question, " If you were given a choice in putting your loved ones on a LES safety jet or a regular jet, what would you choose ? ". The President drives in a bombproof car because he wants his drive to be as close as possible to zero risk and if the President has access to that level of safety, regular people should also be given the choice of renting a bombproof car ( if one is available). So what I am trying to get at is ,if somebody can afford to rent a bombproof car, why do you want to stop them ? just because you want to drive in a regular car. In other words, people should be given the choice to either fly the regular way or use the LES Jet. FOR THOSE WHO HAVE ADD or who cannot get through even one page of a book, I am sorry the post is long. Copy and paste this post in your computer's notepad file under the title " two prototype LES Jets" and then try reading a few sentences a day and before long, you would have got through to the end. The two prototype Jumbo Jets with the LES safety feature (described below) that will survive onboard fires, mechanical failures, anomalous fatal wind shifts/patterns/microbursts, structural failure, pilot error/suicide/terrorism, a bomb/missile attack (due to its compartmentalization and breakup features ), and marketed/advertised as crash proof planes ( in comparison to the present jumbo jets ) can only be afforded by the upper middle class, just like only the wealthy being able to afford the very first commercial flight in America in 1914. A typical luxury suite on the Queen Mary 2 cruise trip is $18,000 per person and yet those suites are in demand, so similarly, if the two prototype LES Jets are marketed/advertised as crash proof planes ( in comparison to the present planes), there will be a great demand for such planes, even though the ticket prices might be three or four times the present amount and just as the very first commercial flight was only afforded by the wealthy, over time, ticket prices for the LES safety Jet should come down dramatically. The following is only for those who believe that planes do crash, even though the risk of crashing is miniscule and for those who believe, that the planes that they will fly in for the rest of their lives will never crash, please do not read beyond this point, thanks. For those who say we can never "guarantee" a safe flight, I say we cannot guarantee a safe car ride either, so does that mean we get rid of safety belts or not try to improve car safety ? People should be given the choice to still fly the same way and for those who can afford it, the two prototype LES Jets discussed below will guarantee ( statistically speaking) a safe flight , even under a bomb attack. For those who don't want the LES safety feature because its acceptable for your loved ones to be exposed to the miniscule risk of a plane crash , since flying is safe and risk is miniscule, please do not read beyond this point. But for those who are not happy with plane crashes and for those whose family members and loved ones were involved in plane crashes and for those who think flying is not safe enough for those involved in plane crashes, read on but also remember, people should still be given a choice. Boeing should keep manufacturing the regular jumbos jets and at the same time ( through heavy investments by world governments) Boeing should also manufacture ( just ) two prototype jumbo jets with the LES safety feature described below that only upper middle class passengers can afford and also, the two prototype LES featured Boeing Jets will also be for those who save up their money over years since flying is not essential these days due to video conferencing over the internet that makes flying not a necessity. Since people are willing to pay $200,000 per ticket (500 tickets sold in 2012) for a Virgin Galactic space flight , I am pretty sure tickets on the two LES featured prototype Boeing Jets will be sold out, especially if the ticket prices are just three or four times the present amount and if the two LES planes are marketed as bomb proof and for those who want to fly cheap, Boeing can continue with the usual "status quo" cheap flights for those who don't mind a plane that does not have the LES safety feature. The discussion below is only meant for those who want to have a much safer flight by paying as much as three or even four times the present ticket price by guaranteeing you or your loved ones will survive a bomb attack on your flight. Remember, the first commercial flight (on 1/1/14) was 21 miles from St. Petersburg and Tampa and cost the wealthy passenger (Abram Pheil) $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below are incorporated on the two prototype Boeing Jets. The whole discussion can be summed up in one sentence: World governments should invest heavily in Boeing to conduct feasibility studies on the next generation of a scalable prototype of a launch escape system ( LES) that proved to be effective as early as 1983 and safety technology has greatly improved over the past thirty years since 1983 ( the last time a LES was successfully used ). Search google under patents approved : US20110233341 ( the patent is not comprehensive so further patents will have to be issued to Boeing if Boeing decides to proceed with the LES project ). I am pretty sure that those who wanted to go to the moon were called dumb and their ideas were considered dumber so considering the skeptics regarding the first moon landing project, the lesson to be learned is "nothing beats a failure but a try", especially considering the fact that our space technology has advanced in the past 45 years since man first stood on the moon. Yes, the price of tickets might triple if all the safety measures listed below are implemented but at the same time, if passengers know that they are going to have a very safe flight, more people might start travelling by air (keeping the cost down ) plus in this internet age, almost all business and personal visits can be done through video conferencing, so air travel will not be a necessity and in the future, hyper-speed ground transportation in six-seat, bombproof, bullet capsules using magnetic levitation in steel tubes called a Hyperloop might be a better alternative to air travel as envisioned by Elon Musk, the founder of Tesla. Remember, the first commercial flight by the very first passenger was 21 miles and cost $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below (on two prototype Boeing Jets) are incorporated. Its easy to say that corporations make safe products until you or your loved ones are a victim of a preventable fatality that the corporation could have prevented with a product that cost three or four times more due to the added safety features ( listed below ). I rather pay three or four times more if I knew that the product is safer than safe because I do not wish anybody being buried alive and dying a slow excruciating death in total darkness due to freezing temperatures or being burned alive if, that death could have been prevented with added safety features that made the product cost three or four times more. The question you have to ask is, is money more important to you than life itself ? I really do not know what it is like to see the trembling little hands of babies and kids, trying to reach out to their moms (for help ) while being in total darkness and in excruciating pain from being drowned alive or being burned alive. I rather spend $4000 on a ticket than pay $1000 on a ticket and in saving money, I see my loved ones perish before my very eyes knowing that her life might have been saved if I had paid more money for added safety features. Since Boeing cannot guarantee your safety or the safety of your loved ones , world governments should invest heavily in Boeing to do feasibility studies on the economics of making planes even safer using the latest LES (launch escape systems). The launch escape system (LES) was first used on 9/26/83. The Soyuz T-10-1 rocket caught fire, just before launch, and the LES carried the crew capsule clear, seconds before the rocket exploded. The crew landed 4 kilometers (2.5 mi) from the launch pad. The Soyuz LES system also had grid fins mounted on the payload fairing that deployed to stabilize the craft. Similarly, world governments should invest heavily in Boeing on the next generation of LES whereby TWO PROTOTYPE LES JUMBO JETS WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING FEATURES: A three dimensional radar system mounted on all sides of the plane ( that creates a three dimensional virtual picture of the area around the plane ) and when the virtual three dimensional security envelope is breached, An autonomous, robotic, triple redundancy software within the radar system triggers a triple redundancy catastrophic trigger system that automatically cuts off all engines, strategically placed detonation devices breaks up the plane into four parachute equipped pieces ( the cockpit section, the tail section and the rest of the pla
This still doesn't mean that the passengers and crew were killed in the crash. The FBI and CIA don't want this widely known but they consider anyone missing for more than sixty days to have been the victim of alien abduction for the purpose of slavery. These passengers and crew have long since had their brains installed in robots and are picking some sort of strange fruits or vegetables in the Andromeda galaxy.
The aliens would reject your brain for extreme stupidity.
I gave you a thumbs up for creativity.
So was it put there by an islamist group who hijacked and kidnapped the passengers or could something that big be pushed to shore 1000's of miles away?
Not the first muslim pilot to crash a commercial passenger plane
and Kennedy was killed by a single bullet from Lee Harvey Oswald, the dish ran away with the spoon, Mary had a little lamb..pick your fairy tale
Tomorrow.....it isn't. Saturday, it is and in the evening it isn't.
had Hodgins figured out where the barnacles are from yet?????
Can it be possible to drag this out anymore? It is from MH370, how many more of these planes are missing? None. Instead of conspiracy nuts and so-called experts, there must be a helluva lot of maritime people who know how the currents flow from one direction to another. It is a miracle that this piece landed, sadly, many other pieces were probably gathered up and tossed in a dump
I'm sorry but when a plane flies rogue for 7 hours and nobody bothers to look for it ... its a cover up.