Aren't almost all major parts on a plane numbered from the manufacturer so if there are any questions as to quality control or in this case identification of a particular aircraft. These should allow the manufacturer of the plane, in this case Boeing, search record to find out what plane that piece came off of if it came from a Boeing plane. I truly hope that this is a piece of that plane so that the families of those aboard can have some sort of closure. Plus this will help find the rest of the wreckage with ocean currents that brought the piece of wreckage to La Reunion Island. Problem is not knowing when that piece surfaced and started floating around. If it broke off during impact and floated around and nobody saw it, or if it broke off when the fuselage hit the sea floor and eventually made its way to the surface and then floated around for a while....
Yep, every piece is stamped with a unique part number.
Will depend on the number of times each part is stamped. This 2 meter section of a 26 meter wing, may or not actually been stamped. Metallurgical analysis will be just as good.
On aircraft, Parts life history is very important, so yes they are stamped.
That's pointed out in the story......
Even if it was a replacement part from a retired aircraft in a salvage yard, there will be tractability from the plane it came off of to the plane it was installed onto, when the work was done and signed off by the A&P mechanic that did the work.
Every part that makes up each and every major component of an aircraft has a permanently stamped number on it. After the major component is completed, that component has a major finished part number and a stapled piece of paperwork that will follow it all the way to the finishing assembly line. Then in the end all major components are assembled together and you have a finished airplane. Every piece of paperwork with all component part numbers are filed and kept somewhere. That way if there is a problem with the plane the aerospace industry can go back to the paperwork and find out what caused the problem. Once the problem is identified they then check all airplanes that have that component built onto them. This is where the FAA Inspectors come in. So don't be crying about to much government for you conservatives. The FAA workers are the people that keep us safe when we are in the air. I use to be an aerospace worker. There is allot of paperwork. And thank the good Lord for it.
A Thoughtful Way To Honor To The Those Who Died Might Be The Act Of Dividing This Wreckage In 239 Pieces To Be Given To Their Families.. When Someone Passes This Way Bodies Aren't Recovered Many Times. Anything Helps In The Journey Of Gradual Acceptance..
Even if the part has no stampings on it, as it should, Boeing can easily see if the individual panels making up the part, match 777's. The assemblers can tell you very quickly if this is a part from a 777. This part is made up from many different panels and riveted together. It can be easily identified as to what model plane it came from.
ok they found parts of the planes wing,imagine finding 7 people,any tv show comes to mind.
Unless the data plate is affixed displaying the serial number of this rotable component the interior ribs, stringers, etc cannot be traced back. Piece parts are interchangeable. The highest assy, flap is serialized.
I hope it is from MH370, perhaps they will find some clues as to how it crashed. But I don't think it is going to tell investigators where the crash site is. In the 80s a small aircraft laden with cocaine went down somewhere between Fort Lauderdale and Bahamas. That wing of that aircraft washed up on a beach in Ireland 14 weeks later. That is quite a long distance in a relatively short time. But that is the gulf-stream.. I don't know if there is any crazy currents and streams out where they were searching.
I sure hope it is MH370.
It will be nice if it is the MH370. And hopefully there was no foul play. Boeing builds a fine passenger aircraft. One of the best aerospace industries in the world.
YES TIM I HOPE THAT IT IS SO THE FAMILIES CAN HAVE SOME CLOSURE AND SHOULS TELL THEM RIGHT AWAY IF THERS PARTS ARE THOSE OF THE AIR CRAFT MH370 THE FAMILIES DESERVE THAT!
Accident, Conspiracy, Terrorism, Phenomenon... I think the thing that most of us can't accept (including myself) is that we will most likely never really know what happened to this flight and the people aboard it. I just feel bad for the loved ones who are left wondering. So, when you are feeling irritated because you just might never know for sure what really happened, remember that at least none of us lost someone in this bizarre manner. And if we did, we most likely wouldn't be counting on mainstream media to guide us in our efforts to heal. My thoughts and prayers are with the families who are about to be jerked around yet again by unconfirmed theories and sensationalized information.
"On the fourth day, the floating men were accidentally discovered by Lt. Wilbur C. Gwinn, piloting his PV-1 Ventura Bomber on a routine antisubmarine patrol. By then, Twible’s group had drifted 58 miles from where the ship sank. Only three men were left of Umenhoffer’s group. They were picked up by Lt. Adrian Mark’s seaplane on the third run." How far would they drift in 365 days. Distance = 58 miles/3.5 days * 365 days = 6048 miles. Conclusion: Airplane parts can drift nearly across the Indian Ocean in one year.
Keep in mind this could also be from Ethiopian Airlines Flight 961, which crashed in that vicinity in 1996. Not all of the debris was recovered. It could also be from Yemenia Flight 626, which crashed into the Indian ocean in 2009. At this point, it's all speculation that it might be MH370 or even a 777 (vice a B767 or an A310). For those of us who do work for a large, multinational aerospace company that will remain nameless, some high resolution photos of the debris would be nice....
stop w being reasonable----you also gotta use "closure" somewhere to be a real poster here apparently
i kept in my mind, why are you here you should seek employment in NTSB
I'm no expert, but I'd expect more corrosion than that on a piece of metal that has been sitting in salt water for 20 years.
Thanks Kegger L, I was wondering if there were other 777 crashes in the vicinity and you answered that for me. It is still just a mystery until the facts come in.
Holy Toast, The only thing you said that's correct is, "I'm no expert". 20 years?????
Jerry, Toast was talking about the plane that crashed in 1996, not quite 20 years but very close.
The debris did have "626" on it so it could be that flight.
The debris had 670 on it, not 626, and flight numbers aren't printed on the plane.
There are pictures online. The guy who did a bunch of the initial stuff posts in French, but there are English sites that have picked it up. No way that part has been in the water since 2009. Go through a pilot forum and there's lots of international sites linked with better photos.
Sometimes pieces of a plane will break up when hit with a tractor beam from your average UFO. Nanu,nanu.
I think I recognize that junk from the movie 'Airforce One"...call Harrison ford QUICK.........wait..........might be from the movie "Airplane"....call OJ
@Brian.. NO... it's that piece Fred Sanford was loading into his pickup truck at the beginning of every show...
It is all aluminum It wouldn't corrode very much at all If it was in there for many years. That seems like a lot of barnacles to be accumulated in just a year.
this is from a single or double seater plane
-(versus a B767 or an A310) ?
Barnacles can accumulate pretty rapidly, depending on location. We scrape our boat every year.
If it's covered in barnacles then a biologist should be able to determine the age of the oldest. That should give some limit to its time in the water.
I won't speculate at all. The FAA will know as soon as they read the main component part number or any other tiny part number and the date it was manufactured. They will know what kind of plane it came from. And they may or may not tell the press. This will be interesting.
kegger, you really are keeping abreast of the historical air crashes during those years.. a lot of us forgot about it anymore..good point from you.. :
I THINK ITS FROM THE MH370 BECUASE THE PARTS DONT LOOK TOO DECADE, THEY LOOK NEWER THEY DONT OXYDATED OR NOTHING OR EXPOSED TO AIR FOR YEARS FORM PAST WRECKAGES IN THAT AREA AS YOU INDICATED, BUT YOU NEVER KNOW!
BB670 is the aircraft "zone" identifier. 600 is the right wing, 670 is a subset that identifies the right wing trailing edge flap fairing.. Both Airbus and Boeing use the same zone identifiers as outlined by the Air Transport Association of America.. So could be from an AB or Boeing AC. Usually a data plate on the flap that is used for traceability, typically on the closure rib located on either the I/B or O/B end of the flap,, may have fallen off though.
They'll know soon enough. It's not like there would be many around, loose to float up on the beach....
And the reason they couldn't just come out with this, but instead talked about how "Now that we have this number, it should be a quick ID in just a few days" You did it in 10 minutes!
Did you stay at the Holiday Inn last night? Good job anyway.
Good info Jeff. Who would down vote this?
Not exactly Michael...jeff identified the area that it came from on the airplane, but couldn't tell from the number if it was a 777....or even a Boeing. There have been a couple of other airplanes lost in that vicinity over the years, so theoretically could be from any of them. MH370 is the most recent though, and it is probably a good guess that it is from that crash.
I work on 777 every day, it's a inboard flaperon from a 777.
You can tell that from a couple of fuzzy pictures of a beat up part taken from only an end-on perspective Dan? Either you are miraculous or you are guessing. That said I would guess the same, but think I'll wait for a closer inspection.
We cannot find 250 tons aircraft on earth, but we are eager to find microscopic life on Mars and Europa. Something is wrong with us.
It would be nice to be able to bring closure to the families of those aboard that missing aircraft. This single piece of wreckage could be the clue to allowing that to happen.
LOL, thanks rationalthinker, I believe your comment was EXACTLY what I was about to keystroke. Thumbs up!
Joe you are a HUGE P(ENI)S and not in a good way. #$%$ !!!
@wheeza, no need for the nasty comment - Joe was just commenting on how our two great minds think alike :) :) :)
And without physical proof most will refuse to believe it --- even though it's probably as close to a 100% certainty as it can be.
IMWright, say that when you lose someone like the families of the 239 abroad that plane...
I can hear it now. Some person or group or Country hijacked the plane. Broke off pieces to make it look like a piece from a crash and then dropped these pieces off way out in the ocean 8 months ago.
That's hilarious, Vegas. Here I was thinking that, if verified to be MH370, this discovery would put to shame the idiot talking heads on Fox who swore that the plane was hidden in a jungle somewhere, being retrofitted with nukes that it would then drop on the U.S. Thanks for the reminder that crazies will still be crazies.
If this is MH370.. Is it possible to assemble a team of experts, like oceanographers, tidal specialists, wind specialists, meteorologist, Who ever it takes.. To say OK so this is where the wing ended up on this date. Now rewind the day to dayweather conditions and data, ocean conditions tidal conditions and everything else associated with it back to the date of the crash and see if they could find that crash site or at least put the search in the ball park? I think they have the technology.
because it was a year and a half ago, there are way, way, way too many variables to get you anything closer than about 4,000 miles impact point
Yeah, tell the families of those that were lost on that plane that it just ain't worth assembling that team for a short while to see what they come up with.
ok, ok, ok, tim, you are absolutely brilliant, best idea anyone has ever had, there is no way that they won't find it. is that what you wanted to hear?
So a hurricane develops off the west coast of Africa, and models show that is going to come right across the Atlantic Ocean go through the Gulf of Mexico and slam New Orleans. That prediction is made by wind direction and speed alone. And they are never far wrong. Reverse that scenario with regards to tides windspeed streams wind direction so on and so forth. Every day has particular data for every piece of Ocean State in the world, just rewind.
This is way too long after the fact. I was something like a year and 4 months ago. There's an Indian Ocean gyre that kinda corrals floating debris and takes it around the Indian Ocean. Depending on what estimate of current speed and wind effect you want to use, it is possible that this went all the way around in that time since there's no way to know if it started towards the interior or farther out. Even the gyre changes seasonally. Plus whatever storms have gone through mess everything up.
Tim, you trying to compare modeling a large scale synoptic weather system to modeling the location of debris from a downed commercial airline is comical
And they most certainly are frequently WAY off on a land falling hurricane modeled from The eastern Atlantic to the U.S. Coast. It is post like yours that make the Internet a terrible place
Each day out you could predict 90% accuracy. By the 10th day you would have 100% inaccuracy. Would be fun trying though.
Give it a shot folks.. 10's of millions have been spent already on supposed beliefs that it went down here or there.. With no results. Get a team of scientists together and computers to try figure this out.
A little bit further than I had predicted, after 3 sightings of a low flying aircraft on an easterly track. One sighting over Anul in the Nicobar Islands, the second by a group of British & Americans on a 45' sailboat off the coast of Sri Langka, and the third from a crewman of a freighter. All said they saw a slow moving low flying jet. after taking the positions of the 3 sightings and drawing a straight line from the approximate position, the plane should have been on a flight path towards Madagascar. But would have ran out of fuel 1500 miles east of the island based on what was given by the authorities as the fuel load. All sighters were dismissed by the military scientific committee that believed the pings from the plane on the satellite meant it was travelling on the arc, rather than on the chord (path) of the circle created by the satellite.
That's classified info you are telling EVERYONE about. Be careful Snowden.
and then Snoopy opened fire in his Red Baron sending flight 370 to its demise...
No F thAts not classified.I read a very precise report from a guy on an off shore rig, he reported seeing flaming debris, and gave a pretty good location based on where he was .. Also the people who saw the low flying jet from the sailboat.. This was all reported at the time of the disappear -ance but wasn't given much credit.
This whole case seemed fishy. Recently saw a PBS special on this. After it went radio silent, it turned around, flew between airspace of multiple countries, and then turned south into the middle of the ocean where it briefly connected with a satellite before becoming completely lost. Now it was carrying Lithium Ion Batteries, which could explode, but that wouldn't explain the radio silence or the fact that there was someone piloting it. It could have been hijacked, but why would they fly it into the middle of the ocean? The pilot could have committed suicide, but flying until you run out of fuel seems like a strange way to go.
An outside source can shut off the radio and fly the plane, This is a fact and one that is not talked about too much in the media.
^^ true statement. They can hack planes like they can hack cars now
WHY DO THAT TO DUMP IT IN THE OCEAN?
I guess I don't know what you mean by "fishy".
The black box system only records for a limited amount of time. Flying until the fuel runs out could cover up incriminating data recorded early in a flight.
@WesZ: as in an expert on idiocy? or did you forget a comma?
Chris, what do you know that you're not telling us?
Consider the fact of "face saving." The Malaysian authorities possibly have obtained evidence that sheds a negative light on them and are keeping it from the public.
The only thing that is the truth....is that no one knows the truth.
No one knows unless they KNOW, most likely the truth will never be reveled.
Pass- no offence but "saw it on PBS"- with PBS lack of ethics and slanted so-called "reporting", might as well have gotten the 'inside' story from a Chinese fortune cookie that would be as valid as anything on PBS. ;)
"...but flying until you run out of fuel seems like a strange way to go. " This scenario actually happened before when a plane was hijacked. They did fly until the fuel ran out and then crashed into the ocean.
this case may seem fishy......but I PROMISE that the debris SMELLS fishy..........
The plane suffered a navigate and communication systems failure due to fire. The fire was extinguished, but left the plane crippled with no ability for the pilots to navigate or communicate. Or, the plane suffered a loss of compression, and the autopilot chose to steer the plane away from land when the pilots did not acknowledge a waypoint.
Burrito: If you're talking about that Ethiopian Airlines hijacking, they had fly around until they ran out of fuel because no-one would let them land--not because the hijackers thought it would be a cool thing to do. The crash just off the beach (in Madagascar?) was captured by beachgoers with smartphones. I'm sure you can find the video online.
It could have lost oxygen such that everyone on board fell asleep and eventually died.
What happened was that there was some kind of electrical fire. Once the pilot noticed, he turned around and began flying at increasing altitudes where there is less oxygen for the fire to continue. This caused the oxygen masks to deploy, which only lasts 15 minutes. My guess is that massive asphyxiation occurred of both staff and passengers, at which point the plane simply flew on autopilot until running out of fuel.
You guys forgot giant sea beasts, ufo's, dimensional portals, and time fissures. :)). Seriously though, the loss of oxygen is the best most reasonable explanation I've heard. Although,( not to make light of the loss of life in the tragedy), if they found that thing parked empty and perfect out in the middle of the Sahara it would be some seriously cool twilight zone type stuff.
To Todd's point, I've always wondered why they never put the fisherman on camera who stated that he saw a plane on fire and that it was extinguished shortly after that. They would never even let us hear him to evaluate the story for ourselves.
Loss of oxygen or an electrical fire doesn't explain turning around, flying across the Malaysian Peninsula, turning again, flying again until out at sea and off radar, followed by at least one more turn south. All of which would take at least an hour.
Yeah too true, i did forget about the turns. Those were all well controlled and executed maneuvers. I guess you have to go with the old Sherlock Holmes quote. Eliminate the impossible....., Seems like only two conclusions. Someone crashed it on purpose for whatever reason. The other is unlikely but not impossible, someone took it.
2 things...its only "they " that told us it crashed into the ocean somewhere...and second ..if on this new model plane something so major went wrong with it...surely it would have happened again on another same model? And I also thought..ok..if flight control of this new plane was overridden by someone on the ground so easily and sneakily...then why hasn't it happened again...?...
no airline will even let me send my goddammed laptop as paid postage airmail cargo...so how or why would any airline be loaded up with a cargo of lithium batteries..? and as I ask this..arent these the same batteries that were creating headaches for the new dreamliner aircraft overheating and catching fire etc?
If it was taken by a terrorist group, whether in the plane or on the ground, they would have claimed responsibility because they love the publicity. Otherwise it's not really terror. Pilot committing suicide isn't out of the question, but it's a lot to go through and he could have just crashed it straight off. That leaves some pretty strange and messed up possibilities.
If there was a fire, and it was extinguished, maybe the pilot lost consciousness before the copilot, and the copilot didn't know where to land, or he panicked, and kept turning the plane, trying to figure out what to do. He might not have been paying attention to the fuel, or he was, but it wasn't any use, since he couldn't find a place to land safely.
most likely a zombie plane. There was an emergency, were unable to communicate, they turned around but the crew became incapacitated and then the plane continued flying on autopilot until it ran out of fuel in the middle of the ocean.
Not buying the fire. The thing that makes the most sense would be pilot suicide, but why not fly the plane straight into the ground?
Last night CNN was as irresponsible as usual, it's not news but a coffee klatch.
Every component on commercial aircraft are permanently marked with the part number, manufacturer's unique supplier number and a batch code or work order number. All this info is traceable to identify where & when the part was made and what aircraft those parts were installed on. IF there's a legible part mark anywhere on that debris we will have a definitive answer within a matter of days. The big question though is whether or not there are any legible part markings anywhere in that pile of debris.
Yes and no, the government has ways to alter any outcome. If you recall, the very first statement from Boeing was that they had picked up a signal from one of the Rolls Royce engines that indicated the plane was in Pakistan, the Government made them walk that statement back.
The article says there was a reference on the wreckage. " He also noted a reference on the wreckage: BB670. "This code is not a plane's registration number, nor serial number. However... it's clear that this reference would allow a quick identification. In a few days, we will have a definitive answer," Tytelman said." The bigger question is will they actually ever tell us if they discover what place in it from.
The number could be a model number which will have a finite number of planes that it was put on. An exact match may not be possible, but they could narrow it down and tell if any missing planes had that model number part on it.
Yes, it's likely we will find out what type of aircraft, maybe even what airline, which could indicate if it was the MA mystery plane or not.
4 people to lift it. Holed in several places. How did it float? Maybe the well developed crustaceans can give a clue to how long it has been in the water and where they attached themselves?
Isn't La Reunion the same island Hollywood used to shoot Gilligan's Island?
With the finding of the piece, hopefully what had happened to MH370 can bring to light.
Don't get your hopes up, Homes. I don't think it is right airplane, and even if it is, it will probably not point to the main wreck.
If this debris is actually a piece of the MH370 aircraft, it will be the start of answers as to what really happened. At the least, researching Indian Ocean currents will provide a new and potentially better defined search area. We can only hope at this time . . . . .
How AMAZING this apparently floated for so long after all IF it is a Boeing flap it has holes in it even simple drain holes, should have made it sink over time and waves and storms, but wow so amazing that this piece of an aircraft has ridden the waves seemly unaffected other than some barnacles.
or it is planted by the Malaysian government....
Boeing must be very proud, they have invented an aircraft part that EVEN WITH PRE-DRILLED HOLES IN IT does not seem to sink despite storms and huge waves and weather variances, those holes seem to make it act like a surf board skimming the surface to give some pesky barnacles a free ride, I mean WOW they must be proud that is an amazing achievement. I am sure this is a 777 part and I have no doubt it will probably be ID's as from the missing a/c; however whether or not I believe it is from the missing a/c is something else all together.
At first I didn't get the location of this find, but in looking at my world map it is entirely credible that a plane that vanished somewhere in the southern Indian Ocean could have debris end up on La Reunion. I'm waiting to see if the piece of wing is indeed a part of MH370. If it is, at least then we'll know it crashed, and all the speculation about terrorist hijackings and other plots will be put to rest. Still not too comforting for the families of the victims, except then they wouldn't be having visions of their loved ones being held prisoner somewhere and can move on in their grieving process. The only thing I'm curious about? Can a piece of debris from a plane crash be "covered in shells" after only 16 months in the sea. Does anyone know how quickly that can happen?
It grows in one summer season here in the Oslofjord. you have to clean and scrape the boat each year. From corrotion and growth, they will be able to judge rather precisely for hoew long it has been drifting in the water.
within much less than 1 year.
My Boat bottom will be covered in a few weeks if I do not use it. If the Barnacles do not set the speed will wash them off, but after three/four weeks it takes elbow grease.
Thanks for the info on the growth of barnacles- I had no idea they could grow that quickly. Although, on reflection, as someone whose brother had to clean the hull of his sailing boat many times, I should have known.
It's no surprise to find aircraft debris in that area. Any good Boeing tech can compare the item to a repair manual and identify if it's a 777 type airplane. Disassembling the debris will yield manufacturer's component identity numbers on the internal ribs, stringers, and skin which will positively conclude if it's MH370. The REAL question is does it clarify where MH370 is or what happened? Very unlikely.
It would be a lot better if it was confirmed that it was from MH370 before suggesting it. Now it will be in the news gathering advertisement etc and then we hear oh it was from a completely different plane that vanished 25 yrs ago. Stop mentioning it till its confirmed!
yeah, but it is inevitable...noone is going to hold back pumping up hype over it, and then get scooped if it is it. I do not think it is. Wing or tailplane chord looks wrong to me, for a very large high-speed airplane.
Of course, let's wait a few years until a whole lot of it washes up, and then you can feel safe to watch the news. Or you could turn your damned computer off and let the rest of us gather info without bothering you. You poor put-out thing.
If this piece belongs to MH370, it will surely ruin my theory that the plane with all the passengers was abducted by the aliens.
Don't get too excited over this discovery...I have seen the piece. My own instincts, and one Australian airplane engineer or pilot I saw on ABC tell me, that this piece is not from a high-speed airplane.Hope I am wrong. But here is the even worse news. Even if it is from #370, in no way is it likely to lead directly back to the crash point and main wreckage.
Now the fun really begins again trying to locate the rest of the plane. I'm hearing internally from folks at Boeing it's been confirmed from the MH flight now from the part number. But, a lot of work still ahead to find the actual crash site.
Would have been nice to see a map of where that island is located in relationship to where they have been searching.
All the way west side of Indian Ocean near Madagascar off coast of Africa.
Some day they will invent Google Search & Google Maps and then you will have to think for yourself and do your own @#$!! homework. What a lazy maroon.
I guess the encouraging news would be that if the wreckage is found to from a 777, that would pretty much point to MH370 since no other Triple-7's have gone missing.
Judging by the consistent jagged edge, my guess is that is part of a flight control surface made from composites, from a very large plane. As luck would have it, Boeing jets have composite (fiberglass, Kevlar, or carbon fiber) flight control surfaces, such as ailerons, elevators, & rudder. This may shed some light on MH70.
It definitely looks like part of a wing, but there were also two other air crashes it could be from. In 1996 a B767 Ethiopian Airlines crashed off Comoros after being hijacked and running out of fuel. There's video of the crash just google for Ethiopian Airlines flight 961. The other crash also off Comoros islands was Yemenia Air, it was an Airbus A310.
I'm really hoping that this is from MH370. I'd love to hear what happened on this flight.
And I fear that one day you will hear,when obama no longer has to deal with it .
I guess ! It would really and definitely help the Aviation Authorities worldwide to identify the wreckage and or parts found or retrieved from their searches, in cases of an accident or lost and wrecked, if the Aircraft Manufacturers engrave or stamp all the parts, fixtures and body parts with the serial # of the Aircraft or any related codes or numbers everywhere, all over to establish the ID of that particular aircraft.
The part about it being covered in shells gives me pause. How long did it take to get to the beach, at which point marine animals could start attaching themselves.
It gave MH370 paws too, that's how it got to the beach.
it takes about 30 days for sea life to start colonizing any flotsam.
Yes, and in tropical area marine growth grows real fast. I have seen clams and barnacles grow up to a couple inches in a year on a painted steel hull
I dont think there's a lot of aviation forensics experts hanging out on Reunion Island. We just have to wait to find out for sure about this part.
It's already been confirmed it's from a 777. now we're just waiting for confirmation from the part number that it's the MH flight. But they are pretty sure it is given no other 777 has been reported losing that part in flight..and that would be a major event that would have likely resulted in a crash
They don't need to be there to look at photographs. Latest news is that it's confirmed as being from a 777. Since only one is missing.....
Jumping to conclusions based on news articles will just make you crazy in the long run.
I hope the learn something from this small piece of plane. I cannot imagine the feelings of not knowing for sure what happened to your loved ones.
All know what happened to them. The plane went down in the ocean. The only question is where. Looking for this plane and its passengers in up to 4000 feet deep waters makes no sense. Even if the find something there it will not be recoverable
Maybe the plane lost it's oxygen supply due to a malfunction and everyone slipped into unconsciousness. Pilot tried to turn back to his home airport but passed out when the emergency oxygen ran out. Plane continued to fly on auto pilot until it ran out of fuel and crashed. This actually happened years ago to a plane over Greece on August 14, 2005. Only since it crashed over land they were able to find the black box to determine why it went down with a total loss of 121 lives. Search for Helios Airways Flight 522 for details.
"Angry next of kin have criticised Malaysia's handling of the plane's disappearance, and have questioned the choice to focus the search on the southern Indian Ocean." For their sake, I hope this is the wreckage and the families can finally fins some closure and move on with their lives!!!
and that would be the general direction where the fishing boats and villagers said they saw it fly over. I personally never uderstood why they discounted their stories so quickly. That seems to be par in the US, for officials only to listen to delusional experts and liars in uniform or suit and tie. Hate to think it's the same everywhere.
The US is not conducting the search.
A 747 from South African Airways crashed in that area in 1987. Don't jump to conclusions until all the facts are known.
I am not an aviation expert. Could this part have come off of a 777 and the plane remained aloft ?
No. It's now confirmed its a major part of a 777 wing so it should be confirmed here shortly it's from the MH flight
Don't worry folks, the Almighty Free Market magically sort out this problem.
Can they speed up the checking process on the part so that the families can know?? They will be sleepless until they do.
Yahoo Since when is speculation or conspiracy theories, news. Report on facts not BS
There is breaking news that the part is from a Boeing 777 most likely from the missing flight but still not positive.
Not sure, but if this item has been deported over 5 times now, the Donald is going to go beserk! Like him or hate him, the Donald calls 'em like he sees 'em! US santuary cities better Wake Up by the way!
Show that piece to a mechanic or crew chief and he'll identify it in a few minutes. 100% if the maintenance records are available.
The expert consensus seems to be that it is part of the movable portion of the flap on a 777. If that is confirmed by Boeing, there will be a 99 percent probability that is is from MH370. If they come up with a serial number, that will lock it down for sure.
It would be helpful if the experts advised why it can't be from the other planes that went down in that area, including the "Helderberg" Boeing 747-244B combi
It could have drifted to the island from a great distance depending on the current, so it may be many more years before the wreckage is found, perhaps when technology has improved.
If this is from 370, it will put an end to the speculation that it crashed in the Indian Ocean. We will at last have proof.
Hopefully there is a part number on this piece that would help it to identify it.
SO would the ocean motion wind and other natural forces move this plane part in that direction in the year plus the missing plane went away, and of course there were other downed planes it could be from
There's a major gyre in the Southern Indian ocean that circulates between western Australia and Madagascar, so yes, it's plausible that it could, if the plane went down in the general area they thought it did.
If should easily be traced back the aircraft of origin through part and serial numbers. We'll see!
The part is not whole so said numbers may be missing. Or they may not be readable. Maybe some of the individual parts that make it up will have readable numbers.
I'm shocked I haven't seen anyone mention the fact that this island, (Reunion Island,) is no stranger to being front page in the news.......This is the same "island paradise," where locals are refusing to step foot in the ocean there that surrounds this native land of theirs. (Even though if you look up pictures of the island, it's waters are nearly crystal clear and the island as a whole looks like the destination of someone taking their dream vacation.) The reason they won't surf/swim, etc, etc? I believe a total of 11 FATAL shark attacks in a two year stretch! Bull sharks are swarming there and many upon many experts are saying these attacks aren't cases of accidental bites caused by curiosity or mistaken prey. They say the sharks here have now put human beings on their "menu." Read the stories, I urge you. This is where the 13 year old surfer was killed two or three months ago, as well as the place where a 30 year old was eaten, his body being dragged back shore by his best friend and out of nowhere while trying to paddle to shore while escorting his friend's remains, TWO bull sharks came and attacked from below and stole the body from him and finished it off! That evening as rescue divers entered the beach to attempt and recover the body of the man, they said it wasn't safe for them to swim out to even search for the body because upon entering the water and swimming out; divers were insanely outnumbered and filled with an immediate fear for their lives. Many of the divers claiming the waters were swarming with ferocious sharks that were abnormally aggressive and clearly had the ability to fatally wound and/or eat and consume more human bodies! Yep good old Reunion Island. Where I will not be going to visit, or even cruising or flying over or near there. (If you think I'm just running my mouth to hear myself type....look it up! My condolences to the families of both the passengers' families as well as the families of the shark attack victims. Crazy connection, huh?
I hope this is 0bamas next family vacation spot. He can jump in for a photo op with Mooch
AND! Why are the sharks of the world going there? Because there is a big plane there at the bottom of the sea and it is filled with CHINESE FOOD! MH370.
Absolutely accurate post. La Reunion Island is notorious for shark attacks and an unusually aggressive shark population.
What makes people so special? We're just meat machines the same as any other animal. The hubris to think we are above being part of the food chain?! Don't swim in their soup if you don't want to be lunch.
Same with Ano Nuevo CA, north of Santa Cruz. Great Whites go there because there is a reef that is a seal breeding ground. I was surfing there and saw a shark fin 50 yards away. I took the next wave in and that was that...
One more reason to swim - and surf (yes surf!!) - in the great lakes!
A Boeing 777 assembly part specialist can easily determine if these parts shown on pictures or video really belongs to that missing MH370 not those so called aviation specialist being interviewed on TV.
I would imagine a part that large would have a serial # or some type of markings put on by Boeing that could positively identify it as having come off the missing aircraft if that is the case.
I always thought that plane might have been headed to Somalia. I hope at least that this piece is off MH-370. It may help once again help to determine where to look for the rest of it.
I hope it is part of the debris of MH 370, so it helps to find more of the wreckage of the plane. So families of the missing start having some closure.
It won't take long to determine from which airframe this part was a part of. I hope it's a start in the unraveling of this mystery, and that those with lost loved ones may finally find peace.
I hope it is something. It's safe to assume the people are dead. But if I had a family member on there, I'd still want to know everything. Just for closure.
I’ve always thought this was an interesting story. Hopefully we will have an answer soon. Would the black box still work? I seem to remember hearing that they’re designed to have retrievable information on them for a long time, as in years.
With all the tech in the world I still cant believe we havent accomplished a device that can map the ocean floor to help find this plane. then again no one really knows how deep the ocean is
Not only that, underwater currents are constantly reshaping the ocean floor. It would be similar to trying to map the Sahara sand dunes...
I do, Nick, but I'm not telling.
wow a few days? You should immediately be able to identify what type of part that is, what model planes they are found on and around how old the part is. And that's without the reference code
If this is part of 370, then according to my Vision the rest should be offshore in about 30 meters of water with a hole on the top.
A map with the article would have been nice. Or, a mention of how far the isl;and is from some other well-known landmark, like so many miles east of Madagascar, etc. I had no idea where this was, and I know my world geography pretty well.
Its pretty easy to pull up a Bing map and look at the area in question.
Ed, yeah, well the rest of us just googled it. 5 seconds later, we had the answer.
Some of us even Yahooed it.
Would be nice for the families to know one way or the other what happened.
uh they died or aliens abducted them ---either way same conclusion
The ocean currents have to be taken into consideration, too. The currents are well known in the Pacific Ocean. COULD they have taken that wing from the point near Viet Nam to Reunion Island? If they couldn't, that tears up the idea MH370 crashed near Vietnam and that it's from that same plane, right there. They should also consider whether the plane part might have been planted there. Even if it shows signs of having been in the ocean for a long time, a planted wing could have been allowed to be in the ocean for the same length of time. I hope they don't conclude too quickly that the wing is from that same plane. It stopped transmitting near Viet Nam, but was still detected at a point near Banda Aceh. There never was any inquiry whatever into whether it landed or crashed in Banda Aceh, even though it was a highly logical place to search. They searched, intensely, but everywhere EXCEPT Banda Aceh. They are now concentrating on the assumption that the plane crashed. But there's no basis to assume it didn't LAND somewhere. There is zero evidence for either theory, so both remain equally possible. I will welcome genuine and hard evidence that it did crash. Because if it didn't, it's now safe on the ground, probably in Banda Aceh, and the passengers would have been killed by Muslims, who would now have gained a high-tech commercial jet. We can guess at how they might use it at some later date, can't we? There is no evidence that the plane landed anywhere, but that doesn't mean anything, since there is no evidence at ALL. A landing is still quite possible. But it would have been gruesome if it had landed. It is important to know if any Muslims are involved in this investigation. There should be none, if their findings are to be believable. With evidence that it really DID crash, it will remove an area of grave concern in my mind. And great relief to know if the passengers died, it occurred in a crash, rather than on land somewhere, at the hands of Muslims. A crash would give their grieving families at least a small measure of closure. To do that, the evidence would have to be profound and indisputable. I'd welcome such a finding.
Save they conspiracy theories. They already know if it is ( which it likely is) or is not a part from the MH flight from the part number. They are just reporting it yet. That takes less than 5 minutes to verify now that they have the part
Holly - you need to assemble all the knowns about MH370 and use them to say credible things - your post is ill-informed gibberish.
"To do that, it would need to be profound and indisputable " You have that backward, Holly. Your wacky conspiracy theories are the ones that need profound and indisputable proof. Unless you have it, and of course you don't, your assertions are complete nonsense.
But the theory is NOT that it crashed near Vietnam. FFS...a bazillion words written about this for last 16 months...did you sleep through it all?
and of COURSE muslims are involved in the investigation...how can that be avoided, when the plane and company is nationally owned by a muslim country ??? Malaysia has sent a team to reunion.#$%$ do you think they will be??
Holly - between Vietnam and Reunion, you have a couple issues. 1. it is a different Ocean. Where the plane was last heard from was in the Pacific Ocean. Tehre is a bunch of land between there and the Indian Ocean... Secondly, Banda Aceh is not uninhabited. In fact, it is quite developed. And, Indoneisans, like anyone else, have cell phones and social media. There are not any old WWII hidden runways, etc. So, lose the crazy theories.
I would love to see statistics comparing deaths in autos and planes adjusted for exposure. Most people ride in a car every single day. I'm guessing the majority of people don't ride in a plane even once per year, nor is there anything close to as many planes flying as there are cars on the roads. While I'm sure planes are safer than car travel, I'll bet it's not AS MUCH safer as we all think, since statistics are never adjusted for exposure rates. At any rate, I hope this turns out to be from MH370 to give some closure to the families.
Very easy to google these stats. Deaths per passenger mile ought to do it, or deaths per passenger trip. Flying really is statistically much, much safer, mainly because airspace is a very big place and planes can stay away from each other. Plus they are constantly professionally maintained, professionally operated, with LOTS of rules for the cockpit--no drinking, no texting, not even any social talk below 10,000 feet altitude, and they have somewhat better ability to change course to avoid dangerous weather. Plus flying is largely computer controlled now, planes are far more sophisticated than cars, and the infrastructure on earth, radar etc, keeps cars from crashing into mountains, buildings and each other--cars have NONE of that yet. "Driverless" cars are coming though, and are expected to substantially reduce motor vehicle accidents, injuries and death. The ONLY thing is, individual car accidents, once you are in one, are more survivable than air accidents--in a bad car accident you can get injured and not killed; in a bad plane crash, nobody makes it out alive.
By the way, bigger commercial planes are generally safer than smaller (commuter, etc) planes, commercial planes are safer than private planes (Cessna's), multi-engine planes are safer than single-engine, turbulence, lightning and icing are more dangerous than wind, rain, night, cold, or odd times of day, bigger well known airlines are probably safer than no-name discount airlines that cut corners, smaller airports are probably safer than the busiest, biggest airports, EXCEPT if the smaller airports don't have all the proven safety technology they should, and the middle of the flight is much safer than the first couple minutes (takeoff) or the last couple minutes (landing). And domestic U.S. flights are probably safer from terrorism than planes that take off from most anywhere else, especially Europe and the middle east. You are probably safer toward the back of the plane than near the front, and you are safer if you proper bracing procedure in the event of a crash, and also if you keep your feet out and not curled up under your own seat. And you are DEFINITELY VERY VERY MUCH safer if you keep your SEATBELT ON the whole time the plane is flying or taxiing.
The available stats are all over the place; if you include smaller planes the safety profile plummets. I attempted to calculate a comparison between commercial aircraft and automobiles and my conclusion was that every time you enter a vehicle, or plane your odds of dying were nearly identical. Most people tend to enter autos much, much more often...
Looking at a map of Indian Ocean currents, it looks possible that the plane could have gone down off Australia, and the piece floated to La Reunion. The only thing I'm not sure about is the timing of how long it should take for something to float that far. Hope they have enough info on that piece to make a definitive call on what plane it came from.
So as not to mimic Republican un-convicted for the crimes of Rape/Murder Donald Trump today I saved a life. I'm not hero but I did consciously stop and save a life and here's how I did it. On an MIT sidewalk in Cambridge, Massachusetts at high noon there was movement my wife didn't see and almost stepped on but I pushed her next step from crushing the cutest tiny yellow furry caterpillar we ever seen in 75 years. I said look how yellowish gold and tiny it is and so confused and pretty. My wife's jaw stayed open not letting all the pedestrians walking by step on this little sweet creature moving through volumes of feet about to die. My wife heart was breaking so I took out my Subway paper pass and bent down and let the little bug crawl on to it which it did like a true innocent trusting frightened caterpillar. A beautiful baby birch tree was only a yard away on city grass and I place our new friend there where it agreed it liked the birch tree and ran up the bark with it's dozens of tiny feet moving happy high and safe towards its new home. And that's my story and I'm sticking to it. LOL.
crosswalkuser, drunk this time of the day are you?
As there's been no attempts at ransom for the individuals on flight 370, it's very likely it crashed into the ocean and ended up so deep and far off project course it's just not locatable. No matter how good the equipment used to search for it, there are still limitations. It's gone gone gone. Not unlikely though that the pieces found so far are indeed part of this wreck. No what else is a wreck? Chris Christy (aka Krispy Kreme) and his fat, island size #$%$
I think the only possibility is that its in the vast ocean somewhere. It didn't land.
It seems the Geo Resonance survey crew may have been correct in their clam of spotting an under water airline off the coast of India....if this true, then debris should also be on India's, and Myanmar shore lines. Refer to the following article for further explanation: " Malaysia Airlines Flight 370: GeoResonance survery company say.... Wreckage of commercial airlines found"
The pilot was the consumate professional (I say that because he's my age 53, on top of his craft/profession and has a flight simulator in his home). I do not believe the plane crashed. Something extraordinary occurred.
Well that clown news reader on ABC nightly news the day it went missing was asking an FAA official could it had flown into a black hole. I remember the FAA guy looking at him like he just climbed out of a toilet. Totally unreal!
Hoping for some closure for the families waiting for this somewhere a for very long time now.
"This code is not a plane's registration number, nor serial number. However... it's clear that this reference would allow a quick identification. In a few days, we will have a definitive answer," Tytelman said. Why would that take a couple days then?
All they need is a photo of the number and where it is on the piece. Then sent it to all the engineers at Boeing's 777 group.
I am pretty sure he was speaking about the general public being informed. I imagine there would be protocols, notification of the families, etc. that might take a day, or two.
Better let them know Dave. They won't think of that.
Google says it must be an asphalt paver...
Not everything is available on Yahoo. Inventories will have to be checked and it may depend on several different countries with various issues of their own. Paperwork has to be in line right!
Nice, @ Stranger has a brain where most of the rest of you are mentally incapacitated.
WesZ -- maybe mentally incapacitated from growing up with google, which they believe can instantly provide all relevant answers. Why should you ever have to wait for anything?! No concept of reliability. LOL
Maybe it is a Bitelli BB670 Asphalt Paver.
Could be the off the wing of Amelia Earhart's plane.
@Shannon - nope. BB680, longer quadromatic girder bearing, with a hydro-plane static powered squelch control.
Your right, and the Bitelli BB670 Asphalt Paver has no history of crashes. The BB670 is the only way to fly.
It is too bad Yahoo could not bother to say that La Reunion is off the east coast of Madagascar and on the opposite side of the Indian Ocean from where the search is being conducted.
Also too bad they mention the "French Indian Ocean" which isn't a real ocean.
No kidding. I looked it up on a map just out of curiosity.
The primary current in the Southern Indian ocean could easily have drifted a floating object that far. It's been 1 year and 4 months since the plane disappeared from radar. 487 days * 24 hours/day * 1 mile/hour = 11,688 miles
Yahoo is too busy shoving the tranny agenda at us with Bruce Jenner to actually care about real news.... They are also way too busy giving us 10 stories a day about global warming.... they even blame AGW for the creation of ISIS....
This finding will keep CNN busy until the end of the year. Regardless if the debris is from MH370 or not. Hopefully the families of the victims can get some closure.
You're not kidding. They'll just force feed the desensitization into the ground. But let's hope that after all that, that these families realize some closure. What a terrible tragedy.
Are you implying that the perpetual BREAKING NEWS banner is being unpacked from the mothballs as we speak?
Hard to believe that the US media propagandists are seriously trying to blame Russia for this one too at the end of this article. The propaganda against Russia has exposed more about how pathetic our bought out US media is than anything to do with Russia. It is We the People who are being manipulated....and not by Russia. Two years ago the US was happily doing business with Russia across the board, then came the US backed coup in Kiev and all of a sudden the US media went into Russia denigration mode. This should be obvious to everyone. This is all part of the US's Pivot to Asia and attempt to break up Russia and China so the US can maintain global hegemony as countries de-dollarize. The US is worried. What they don't mention is that on MH-370 were 23 computer scientists that died right after they had designed the worlds most powerful microchip. And who attained exclusive rights after they all died on MH-370. One Lord Jacob Rothschild who is in bed with Rupert Murdoch and #$%$ Cheney and has recently acquired a 40 miles strip of the Golan Heights near Syria that is ripe for fracking and supplying natural gas to Europe. Of course the US media always leaves these details out. Always ask yourself.....who benefits and there you will most likely find the answer. Did Russia benefits regarding MH-17? I think not. The Kiev Notzee battalions have, as has the US with it's anti-Russia sanctions used to split Russia from Europe and generate NATO contracts for the MIC while robbing the US taxpayers. The real criminals are in Washington, London, Brussels and Kiev.
How much is Putin paying you?
Not enough. The truth comes free unless it is suppressed by the US media. In that case we all pay for it.
if this is part of the wreckage of the plane it might bring a lot of answers as to where the plane went down. experts maybe able to figure out an area that this might have come from based on ocean currents and time it took to get to where it was found. might show them that they have been searching in the wrong area all this time or prove that they were in the right area. the more information that they gather from this might solve the mystery for them.
Hey Carolyn, how can you figure out a timetable if in fact you do not know where the part started from, there is no way to know how far the item has traveled in a specific time frame.
@david, that is where the experts come in. the math gurus who work wonders in backtracking. if the part turns out to be from the plane then they have a bit of a time frame as to when It went down. they would have to do a lot of computing over the years weather records, ocean currents, to try and determine where it came from. this was done for some of the items that were found after the quake in japan with items that washed up in the u.s. you would be surprised at how much these math gurus can figure out.
Gee Carolyn, you better let the investigators know about these tactics. It might be the break they're looking for.
Todd, I completely understand what Carolyn was suggesting. It's making the statement as if it's a new idea that no body has considered that I find humorous. Of course they'll do that. By the way, I'm not lonely, but I can't refute being a nincompoop....
Thank you for sugaring l stating the obvious.
I have a feeling this may lead to finding the rest of it eventually.
I hope your feeling turns out to be true. There are families waiting for this.
The truth may come out in 50 years; the usual time frame that government documents are usually declassified.
With hundreds of innocent lives at risk, how did Boeing manage to design and build a plane that can disappear out of thin air? With many years of experience and thousands of hours spent on research and development, did anyone have the itch to ask the question that we are now trying to answer? New Horizon is billions of miles away from the Earth and just passed by Pluto, but this darn spacecraft managed to communicate to us its present location and whereabouts. And get this, the CPU used on that computer is the same one used on Playstation video game!
yes...there is so far no evidence that there was anything wrong with this airplane...the greatest consensus seems to suspect human malfeasance, most likely a loony pilot... maybe you have been listening to that babbling Malaysian fruitcake M Mahathir who thinks it is a Boeing Boeing Boeing Zionist american conspiracy against muslims and Malaysia..
Enlighten me, there are 293 people on that plane that are still missing and you're suggesting it's not Boeing's fault?
What was Boeing supposed to do? Make the aircraft nutjob proof?
Well, I thought you knew something I don't so I'm still curious about the lack of a failsafe feature that would positively locate a Boeing design plane. I agree with your idea of an international organization conceiving the next generation of passenger planes in terms of safety, reliability, efficiency, maintainability, etc. I'm sure Boeing only needs to be given the spec and they will respond to the call.
enlighten YOU? walk me through your logic, where 200+ people are missing, or 500, or 5000, #$%$ does the number matter in this context, and THAT proves it was Boeings airplane fault.? Don't ask us to enlighten you, sounds impossible. Enlighten us, because your dots are not joining up. If you cannot think basically logically, you will not follow why airplanes crash anyway. How the #$%$ have you concluded, with no wreck, a total mystery unsolved, and a bizarre one, that it MUST be manufacturer fault??
@My Opinion , Your comment is 100% logical, as well as intelligent.
Hopefully the piece of debris has the serial number still on it. That will trace it to exactly the plane it came off.
even if there is no serial number on it, if they can ID it as part of a 777, we know of only one missing 777.
They have ways of identifying it without the serial number on it such as the material it's made of and the shape of the piece. As roy said, if they can ID it as a part of a 777, they can confirm that it's from MH370 since it could be from no other flight.
Can't any of you read? The part HAS an identification number on it. BB670. It is marked. Can't be any clearer than that!
"This code is not a plane's registration number, nor serial number" who can't read again?
shannon you must not ever work in boeing company huh? gee u dumb one
Okay, let's call it a reference number since that is what the article calls it. Journalism is always accurate. The part plus that "number" will lead to some conclusions.
"However... it's clear this reference would allow a quick identification. In a few days we'll have a definitive answer." Whole articles are soooooooo hard to read.
Definitive answer regarding the part was from that plane or everything that happened?
The answer to the part of the plane it was from and IF it was part of a 777. They still will not know definitely what happened to make it crash.
The number could very well just be a part number. When assembling multiple items. Your final drawing would give you a "Parts List" with part numbers and quantities required to complete a build. I think it is safe to say that this is just that. Although it will not tie you to that specific plane it will bring you to a particular build or model. Such as a Boeing 777.
It seems a bit short for a part number, but I don't know what scheme Boeing uses. Could also be a factory identifier or lot number. Either way, Seagull's right -- this would narrow us down a lot.
Sounds like a date code to me. Letters are used to denote month, year or shift code. By knowing what was coming down the line that date they can tell what plane including the serial number that was being built.
BE NICE TO FIND THAT PLANE AND FIND THAT BLACK BOX TO DETERMINE WHAT CAUSES THE PLANE TO GO DOWN AND BRING THE PEOPLE UP FOR PROPER BURIAL OF THEIR LOVED ONES.
They'll find numbers all over this thing. It's an assembly of many smaller parts... based on what I've found on searching aviation experts websites (and tweets ironically enough) it is absolutely part of a 777 and therefore, we have a piece of MH370.
I doubt very much it's a random number. Arbitrary, perhaps, but it will have meaning. They don't bother putting numbers on without them meaning something to someone. I work in configuration management; we're all about putting unique identifiers on stuff. :-P
Shellfish are like tree rings, they tell us how long they have been attached to the mysterious object of interest. It they started life at the same time that MH370 disappeared, then we may have a lead.
WE??? how are you involved in the search?
He's not involved in the search -- he has a mouse in his pocket, hence, the "we."
Yes but how many shellfish are growing on that mouse?
The plane vanished at night over the South China Sea after turning away from its north-bound route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board. Considering Chinas building of an Island in that area and having security and defensive abilities...did they shoot it down by accident? As to the Russian claim. Is there something that was on that plane? What?
Liberty, remember, there were TWO Malaysian planes, one was MH370, and the other MH317. MH317 went down in Ukraine and was found. MH370 disappeared 3-8-2014 & has never been recovered.
That's interesting theory. However, I was under the impression that the man made island was built in a very short time, starting some time after the incident.
Keep in mind that this plane had a very large group of Chinese computer experts...all holding high ranking technical positions...what a coup if we snatched them......that being said: Funny thing is, if it was dumped or shot down near Diego Garcia, the South Equatorial Current would take wreckage directly to the area this flap section was found. HHmmmm.....and yet we point fingers at the Russians, all the while RADAR records show a different path. I think this is one for the X-Files.........
CNN needs to go wall-to-wall immediately with no commercials. They should be able to milk four days out of this.
I'm guessing this is part of it. If the currents flow that way from the southern Indian Ocean it almost has to be.
It's been 16 months, that piece of plane could have drifted a lot further since then.
Logic Superior, not necessarily. Along the Washington and Oregon coast we are still seeing wreckage from the Japanese tsunami.
Logic S. May have been laying on that beach, unnoticed for a long time too.
If this is part of MH360, more pieces will wash up close to the recovery point, and soon. Everything that could float and remains buoyant would be moving within the same current.
Thank you John the Oceanographer. But what if it's part of MH370 instead?
Then the previous search areas were off by many thousands of miles.
Wasn't MH360 shot down over land??
Where is Mulder when you need him???
Jerry V, you sarcastic troll, you know what I meant.
@John - You're right, all of us make typos from time to time, ya know what I meen...
John, I apologize for my part in this. I knew what you meant. I'm sorry.
Looks promising. Other sites have a couple other closer up photos compared against a part diagram and another photo of a 777 wing being built. Looks very comparable. There's some barnacles and mussels attached, but not a huge amount. The Indian Ocean gyre circulates floating debris around the whole Indian Ocean so this could easily have been stuck in that for the entire time.
Wow .ROTFLOL. Looking at a piece of wreckage which is less then 2 % of any wing and it looks very comparable..
Larry, did you even look for other photos? The guy who started this all off has posted photos online in several places, most of those in French. But even English websites have picked up some of the photos. This is a large piece, and if it is a tiny part of a wing, it has to be from a big plane. And there are only a few large aircraft this could have come from in this area. Even fewer given the state of the barnacles and mussels attached, since most of the large planes missing in that area are very old.
It amazes me how humans can give Pluto a cavity search at 50000 mph. But fail to explore the oceans of planet earth.
As someone who's in the astrophysics field it truly is harder to explore our oceans than it is outer space. I know it sounds crazy, but it's true.
The maximum pressure in all of space is one atmosphere. Maximum pressure at the bottom of deepest ocean is thousands of atmospheres. Makes it much harder. True, there is little radiation to deal with in the oceans as in space, but pressure is a problem.
We can pump all the water out of the oceans but we cannot fill the whole cosmic space with water!
There was a recent story about divers near Sweden who discovered the sunken remains of a Russian submarine. One of the divers mentioned that the sub looked "modern". Many speculated that it was a Russian sub allegedly spotted off Sweden about a year ago. I commented that theres no way its a modern Russian sub. A few days later investigators confirmed it was a Russian sub which sank in 1916. Listen to me. This isnt from MH370. There have been numerous plane wrecks in this region and this is a piece of one of those other wrecks. MH370 was nowhere near this region. Their tracking method was faulty. MH370 is somewhere far away from this area.
Based on your ability to make a guess on either A) modern sub or b) not a modern sub that makes you quite the expert. Kind of like those people who tell you "I knew you were going to have a girl\boy" because ya know 50/50 odds.
Actually Apathy I have a better accuracy record than Rush Limbaugh who claims 97%. Too many people reach their conclusions on emotion rather than logic. Youre "hoping" its from MH370 so therefore it "is" from MH370. Youll see Im right again in a few days.
I am not "hoping" for anything. It amuses me when someone claims that they should be listened to because they made a comment about an issue that turned out to be right. You sound like Faux News "Many people speculated..." well "A great many people peculated it was not a modern sub". Like the old saying goes, even a broken clock is right twice a day.
Anyone know what the BB670 might reference, some sort of manufacturing mark?
Could be a forging number for the part.
That's the size of a bra made to fit a Boeing 777.
SAY YOU BOBBLE HEADED BLONDE, DO YOU KNOW HOW TO COUNT?? SAW A IMAGE ON YOUR NEWS SHOW OR IS IT CNN NEWS SHOW?? SHOWN ON CABLE TODAY AS A NEWS BREAKING STORY. IT SHOWED FOUR PEOPLE CARRYING THIS DEBRIS IS THE WORD YOU USED DESCRIBING THAT ITEM TO THE PEOPLE IN CABLE LAND. AND YOU INTERRUPTED YOUR GUESS TO POINT THIS OUT, SEE THERE ARE FIVE PEOPLE CARRYING THIS ITEM OF DEBRIS ONE,TWO,THREE,FOUR,FIVE.!! I ONLY SAW FOUR PEOPLE CARRYING IT WHILE THERE WAS ANOTHER ONE WAS DRESSED IN A BLUE SHIRT FACING DIRECT OPPOSITE OF THE FOUR OTHERS DRESSED IN BLUE SHIRTS BRUSHING OFF A ENTIRELY DIFFERENT ITEM!! GET YOURSELF SOME GLASSES AND IF YOU HAVE GLASSES WEAR THEM!!
Man yells at cloud- film at 11.
She was over at Mothra's house that night......
Yeah....sure..... That's not what Gigan said!
If this is a piece from MH370, it will finally put to rest Don Lemmon's Black Hole theory.
When it's verified this is from MH370 it's going to put the kibosch on all the conspiracy nuts' silly theories that this plane isn't in the Indian Ocean. Have a few servings of crow, nutjobs.
I'm going with the simplest explanation. It got caught up in a time warp created by a U.F.O. and it landed in a field in Kansas fifteen thousand years ago, all the passengers are the ancestors of Native Americans and the plane got trampled to dust by a herd of Woolley Mammoth. or.....it crashed into the desert near Roswell, New Mexico in 1947. The simplest explanation is generally the correct one.
You have as much chance as anyone else on this board.
Wait I thought Flight MH370 landed at Diego Garcia simply because saying 'Diego Garcia' sounds cool.
Yup! Reminds me of watching major league baseball, where the announcers love to say "Albert Pujols". That sounds cool too.
There is no place to park a 777 at Diego Garcia
Somehow my comment thread on this story disappeared...
repost in another form. want to see it.
Anything associated with MH370 automatically disappears and goes into a black hole where all the lost socks go. I just don't understand why people can't accept this simple fact.
Sometimes the original story is reposted which restarts the comments thread. Or you were too close to the truth and THEY needed to get rid of it to keep from being exposed.
Search Indian Ocean currents. From west of Australia the currents would easily bring debris in that direction.
WOW! Someone ELSE with the frigging smarts to check out the warm water currents!
After all this time, amazing.... I would hope that it is a piece so maybe they can focus another search there and maybe get luckier than last time. it would be good to know what was on that black box and know the whole truth about how these people passed away.
AFP just couldn't help but include some jab at Putin and Russia. Final clam is laughable and the reporter does not indicate that the claim was dismissed, yet a more plausible claim in the previous paragraph that it was shot down by Diego Garcia based defenses is dismissed, thus downplayed. The weird claim in the last paragraph is a psychological technique to get you to forget about the Diego Garcia claim.
The jet is buried under 20m of sand at the Spratley Isle in the Philippines by the Chinese Dr No...Also known as the Golden Emperor in the Communist Opium and slave trade.
So much time and money has been invested in what has been such an emotional issue for everyone. I would like to see some pay back from this investment that has cost and will continue to cost all of us in the form of higher fares,the fear of flying, and the fear that when we wave to a loved one boarding a plane we might never see them again. There are many comments about conspiracy theories, weather they are real or not, it shows that many of us don't believe that our government is looking out for us.
Looking for a lost airplane in not an 'investment'. Not everything is about the money.
flying not for the weak and fearful....like you. do the sane world a favor and stay the h3ll out of airports and off commercial aircraft..
Ronald, I meant invested in answers to questions, and closure. Oily Tats, I have a private pilots license, I was on a commercial flight behind an engine that tore apart mid flight. The compressor blades ripped the engine cowling off and punctured the hull. A man two seats in front of me began coughing up blood, a pregnant woman next to him sat quietly crying that her baby was dead. Later durring a court hearing it was revealed that a compressor blade had torn off her unborn childs head. Earlier in the flight I asked the flight attendant to inform the pilot that the engine was making noise. I was told not to worry about it. Their image was more important than our safety. So instead of landing at an airport in the Mohave desert that was a repair facilty, we flew over one of the most densely populated areas of the nation with parts falling and the plane on fire and almost didn't make it into Burbank airport where the plane had to be cut up and taken away. But we landed on time, it's all about corporate image.
many aircraft parts have serial numbers. It will take a search of those numbers to see where these may have been installed.
Did you think that up yourself? Try reading the article.
Conspiracy theory: Wasn't there a number of high tech industry passengers on that plane? If it was hijacked, was it to capture them???
It's really beyond belief that the US is still trying to demonize Russia, Now a year has passed and Russia is being denied information to clear the air but that would point the finger at the west.
UFO has the plane and the passengers are now trained to invade the earth.
Serial number check or part number will tell the tell.
the bigger the lie, the taller the tale the tail will tell.
Tell-tale tales about tails should tell the tellers the tallest tales even if the tellers don't tell the truth about tall tales concerning tall tell-all tales about tails.
Why are these plane crash stories interesting and newsworthy? Because they are so rare. 88 people died in car accidents in the USA yesterday. 88 or so will tomorrow and every day this year. Barely a peep about it. Plane travel is incredibly incredibly safe. It is so safe that when 162 people are missing probably dead it is headline news. 3000 dead this month on our roadways is not a headline you often see. In some ways it is a matter of control. When you drive a car you think you have control, unfortunately, most are delusional. You can drive a safe car (like a Volvo) and have good insurance (I use $30/month from Insurance Panda), but even still… half of all car deaths are the other guys fault - you have zero control. All it takes is 1 texting teenager, 1 drunk, 1 stroke victim or 1 sleepy truck driver and you are dead. Happens 40-50 times every single day in the USA alone. In a way this coverage maintains the irrational out sized fear people have of certain things. Same with terrorism which is less likely to harm you than a lightning strike. At some point the media might want to stop preying on irrational fear and educate people on the true dangers in life. Don't hold your breath.
Absolutely do NOT hold your breath on this one. Are you saying that approximately 40 crashes take approximately 88 lives every day? The vast majority of people drive alone, that's why I ask.......
Four thumbs down from the hysterical conspiracy theorists and lawyers.
Most people know about car driving stats. Clark. They need to find out what happened to this plane for a lot of reasons. Knowledgeable people know this.
Clark, good comments. Over 225,000 people dead in car crashes since 1995 in the USA, but the quality of life in this country has not improved , at least on the roads and highways. When the dangers are not in the media headlines , it must not be a problem. The priorities in this country are upside down, and the divide and conquer attitude of the media prevents discussion of the real issues in this country. When are leaders going to actually address the problems of the voters?
People have a hand in many car crashes and most of them are avoidable. People on the plane have zero involvement.
@clark Good perspective, bu minor nit... "half of all car deaths are the other guys fault". Except for mechanical failures or natural disaster (bridge wash-out), it's ALWAYS the other guy's fault... that is, assuming you are not the drunk or the guy texting, etc. Regardless, "news" media has deliberately emphasized entertainment (thus sensationalism) over education, as you suggest.
It apparently floats. As do other items in a commercial airliner? But not all.
Yes Terry, just as with everything else, some things float, and some do not.
the dead bodies should float...at least til something fishy happens ..like sharks getting hungry
You must have a very high IQ Terry :) the lights are on but nobody is home
The passengers are all in slave labor camps on the island of Dr Meriou being transformed into experimental creatures. The plane is being slowly disassembled and sold for parts at flea markets and craiglist. This piece they found is just a bone that they threw out to help investigators close the books. You may have to wait ten years to get the full story on "60 minutes".
I have a kick-bottom coffee table made out of one of the flaps.
Now add MALE pilots to the list of mass murderers - Egyptian Air. Malaysia Air; German Wings-Reunion Island, the fuked up pilot probably aimed for it in this nutty mind feeling entitled to take a plane load of innocents all to a other worldly reunion.
It was Godzilla. Why won't anyone believe me?
Too far away from Japan. Could be Cousin Malayzilla
You'll be amaze at how many secrets and stories that the ocean holds. It could be technically be anything.
I am hoping that the debris is from flight 370. The families of the people on that flight deserve to have something concrete to help them move on. The not knowing what happened to their loved ones must be torture.
This part could very well be a part of Flight MH370..Unfortunately that part alone cannot bring Closure... This Part could have Floated Hundreds of Miles and still be virtually impossible to find the main wreckage by only finding this part beached..
Why would anybody disagree with my Statement is beyond me...Its got to be one of my Stalkers..
Two pics are a gallery? Oh well its Yahoo.
The families know WHAT happened.. The plane went down in the ocean and no one survived. But the WHY is still in question. Was it a high jacking, mechanical failure, human error?
The why is the what if you go back far enough.
They should know in about 5 minutes if it is a part from that kind of Boeing. Then figure the odds of another plane missing that part in the region, and there you have it.
It will probably take more like 10-15 minutes, but yes.
If this Jeff Wise suspects that Russia commandeered why are they not perusing that theory. That is the 1st time I heard that theory
Jeff Wise is not an aviation expert. He is an author who sells books by coming up with wacky theories.
I'm not an expert but I can saw with certainty that it's obviously some kind of a piece of something. Appears to be made of metal.
I am no aviation expert, but that wing or tail section seems awfully small to be part of MH370. Maybe is part of the flaps??? Any knowledgeable folks out there that can give an opinion on the matter?
I'm a commercial aviation nut. No expert. But it looks like a small part of a big wing to me. An interior flap near where the wing connects to the fuselage. Just a guess.
Didn't someone claim that the CIA diverted it to Diego Garcia because the plane had some top secret stuff that they did not want to Russians to get their hands on had the flight arrived at it's destination?
Hoping this leads to some closure for those poor families.
Move over, Stealth Bomber. MH370 is the most elusive plane ever!
Any data plate on the part will prove what kind of aircraft and its serial number. Only way we will know if its MH370.
Bad year for aviation. MH370 disappears, Russia shoots down another passenger plane and a psycho fly's another into a mountain.
The Pro western Ukrainian drunken unit in Ukraine proper did it. Why do you think we've not seen the imagery that shows the Russians doing it when the entire area is under 24/7 satellite surveillance?
It always amazes me how aviation experts have the time to post comments on Yahoo! News articles. :P
The two dead teens from Florida will wash ashore next.
All the wreckage will drift more or less in the same direction. Search more beaches.
A radio tracking device. That's what they use to track animals in the wilderness. Why can't they use a lot of these in the plane so it can easily be located?
they do, its called a black box!!!
Actually, the transponder corresponds more closely to a "radio tracking device," and MH370 had one that was turned off. Given how insanely easily you make yourself a target for a guided projectile when you are broadcasting a signal, the increasing sophistication of terrorists, proliferation of man-launched AA weapons (NOTHING would've turned the tide against Assad in Syria faster than a shipload of Stingers, some portion of which would've been diverted for profit to Hamas, Hezbollah, IS, etc., and used against our interests and allied aircraft, which is why we never sent 'em!) and so on, I'm not sure I want pilots to be unable to turn off their transponders or to give remote users (including hackers) the ability to turn them back on remotely. After all, how many planes, over how many years, disappeared when their transponders were turned off? Once is not enough to convince me that we need to make transponders indefatigable in the future.
Before you post your theory(ies), let the investigative team do their work. Maylasian Air and Boeing want to get this incident resolved more than any of us except the families.
Unlikely that this part comes from the lost flight. Currents say contrary unless the part circled the globe !
This isn't a piece of the wreckage, just more speculation for the news.
Some of the people speculating on what happened have watched too many movies.
It can't be MH370, that plane was beamed up to the alien mother ship orbiting mars.
Everything about these Malaysia planes is so mysterious that even today every time an investigation is about to be conducted about the "second" Malaysia plane--the one which fell over Ukraine--something about the 1st one shows up and the public seems to get confused and in the end NOTHING comes out of any investigation done into either of them!!!
Can they even determine at this point what type of aircraft its from? It is big enough to be from a 777?
Good reporting would have included a map and description about where this was found in relation as to where they thought the plane was.
AMEN----be nice to have "CLOSURE" with this article as far as location
How many millions of dollars has been spent looking for these crashed planes? Not to mention the insurance losses for the airlines involved. Flying is safe until it is your family that gets lost in a crash.
The romantic in me likes the theory it was used against the US base but shot down. Seems so remote, that is probably what happened.
That's probably what happened? Based on......?
I BINGED BB670 and it returned Asphalt Paver . I can't resist trying the obvious first.
Binged? How long have you worked at Microsoft?
Different strokes for different folks, Higby
I am a commercial pilot. Looks like the inboard flaperon. Since it separated I am speculating that the pilot deployed the flaps to slow it down on impact. Probably just before fuel ran out...so maybe it is not quite as far as the arc shows. I still maintain the fuselage is intact laying on the bottom of the ocean.
If it turns out to belong to that airplane, you have a piece of wreckage that should be used as a memorial for the passangers. We need to hope more will be found but,if the plane sunk whole, very little will drift to shore.
Take the serial number of the ID plate and It can be traced back to the airplane it was on.
Ok. After it's identified as being part of a certain aircraft, then what? Absolutely nothing. That's what.
This may be one piece which they failed to collect from Diego Garcia. Submit all personell who were stationed there to polygraph.
Anxiously awaiting the NEW X-Files episode that uses this mystery to spin a story around.
With all the technology available this should be a done deal...Plane found. Mystery solved...
Declassify our Diego Garcia records for that time frame and let compromised investors go at it.
I am planning on boating to Diego Garcia and filming everything.
It has taken the people behind this awhile to plant false evidence. No Radar, No black boxes, No debris..... But the identical model of plane was flown low in the Ukraine war zone where no civilians had access. for a plane this size not to appear on radar, an flown for thousands of miles etc is very hard to believe.
This wreckage has to be from the wreckage of the missing Malaysia's MH370 flight. How many Malaysia's MH370 flight disappeared in the last 25 years in the ocean?
PILOT KNEW ENOUGH(TURNED THE PLANE) TO DELIBERATELY AVOID INDONESIAN TERRITORY. BAGGAGE IS PLASTIC AND WILL BE FOUND NOW
So, over an year later, a single piece of wreckage (planted by Malaysia or Malaysia Air or other Nation - maybe Iran -they did commandeer a U.S. Drone to Iran, that likely would bait lawyers off their backs) shows up thousands of miles afar (a likely scenario in a moving ocean), but only one piece. This thinking likely lends more fodder for conspiracy theorists that the real plane is on land, still hidden in some underground facility. ?????
Amazing. All the long article about a piece of aluminum apparently. Part of a plane? Maybe. Maybe not. Part of one specific plane many thousands of miles away presumably? Maybe not. Why not wait until the investigators have looked, checked and rechecked and made a public announcement of what they believe it is, etc. Then write a story.
How convenient, just one little piece of wreckage found and the whole thing is put to rest. I would not be surprised if the "official findings" are that it is from the MH370.
News alert: CNN pledges to commit to another 40 hours of coverage of the search.
And Fox news will find some sort of way to blame Obama or the Clinton's!
Congress will have to ask Hillary about that in the Benghazi hearings
I hope it is from MH370, and that this is the clue that is needed to find the rest of the plane. If for no other reason, the families of the passengers and crew deserve to know what actually happened instead of spending the rest of their lives wondering what happened to their loved ones.
There was a report leaked online that seems to uncover the truth about the destruction of this plane. It is known by high-ranking US Military officials that Bigfoot saddled up the Loch Ness Monster and rode out to the South China Sea with his extremist gang, which included: Elvis, 2Pac, Paul Walker, bin Laden, and others. Bigfoot ordered bin Laden to shoot the jetliner down using one of the weapons that he had gotten through "Fast and Furious". 2Pac and Elvis were just the "clean-up crew" and their true role is yet to be determined. Officials believe that a passenger on the plane had obtained video proof of Bigfoot's existence and the destruction of that proof is what sparked the attack. Fears loom that a copy of this video was obtained by an outside source and sent to the aliens at their Area 51 address, so this may only be the beginning. Officials have reached out to JFK for guidance and are awaiting his response...
OK, I can buy that if it weren't for the fact that I saw Elvis on that exact day. And it was nowhere near the scene. Sorry to blow a hole through your theory.
@Michael: You probably saw Caitlyn Jenner. I hear that they look the same from a distance... If not that, maybe it was James Dean. The report states that he backed out of the operation at the last minute to attend the Hendrix and Cobain jam at the Jersey Devil's "Club Mothman"....
Chris, Maybe you right. I'll put it back in the conspiracy file. Though if I keep having images of Caitlyn Jenner pushed on me then my mysterious death maybe the nest conspiracy theory.
I think it was placed there by someone and the seashells were placed on it.
When will the technology be in place for these airliners to have a airbag system that prevents 6 major parts of the plane to sink . There is no reason in hell....with all this hi tech equipment and we can't make plane parts float back to the top of the water minutes after impact with a GPS signal device of it's exact location.... but yet we can send a robot to a dead planet and track it's every movement. Wow...we really are super intelligent.
@Kevin - It's possible... assuming the airbags aren't damaged in the crash... however it's expensive and takes up room that is utilized for other things.
Airlines care too much about fuel usage which is a function of weight. The business case doesn't make sense, so it won't get done.
You're kidding yourself aliens want no part of us.
I am about to abduct an alien to get even. Anyone want to go along? I'll hold him and you tie him up.
@ IMWright..The govt can read my license plate from the space shuttle but we cant find a massive airplane full of people , bags and lots of kerosene..so...my humble explanation is..little buy eyed green men with pointy heads and long fingers..I've got nothing else to offer..
@D...have him take you to his dealer!
Nope. Just nonsense and diversion. The real MH370 is in Iran waiting to be loaded with nuclear weapons. Which should be soon thanks to Obama and John Kerry's sweet deal they gave them.
There was two Iranians aboard, traveling with fake passports!
It would certainly be interesting to learn how and why the plane went down.
I kind of hope it is a piece of the MH370 wreckage, just so family can get closure that the jet crashed into the sea with all lives lost.
Why do the French own an island in the Indian Ocean? White Imperialism?
One piece solves nothing. Could be a plant from the original airplane or a part from Ukraine.
Oh sure, and planting evidence at this juncture would solve what? Make them start looking for it again when they are calling off all the searches for it? That would be pretty dumb.
On the Maylasian flight were 7 people from a company in the US that was doing research on how to make a plane invisible much like the stealth bombers. Why were these 7 people together traveling to the middle east?
Hope they don't turn that plane into another 9-11 drone.
Would be kind of useless more than a decade later, no?
Isn't 2014 more than a decade after 2001?
My point is that they are more than a decade too late to use that plane on 9-11, or do they also have a time machine?
The plane is in a hanger in Pakistan.
The reason the passengers didn't take showers before boarding was because they knew they could wash up on shore later.
The pilot flew the plane out into the middle of the Indian ocean until it ran out of fuel. It was murder and suicide by pilot.
That's my theory too. I'm not sure if this is true, but I had read previously that one or both of the pilots had a no suicide clause in their life insurance, Since no one can prove what really happened and even if they assume one of the pilots is behind it, no one knows which pilot is the murderer and which pilot is the victim. The insurance has to pay out.
I thought the rogue pilot theory was validated by cockpit microphone transmissions of an altercation between the pilot and copilot.
That was a different crash in Germany, where the copilot locked the pilot out of the cockpit and dove into the mountains.
I believe that was a different crash that was about a month after mh370.
No, it was MH70, and then the plane went to high altitude with the passenger compartment depressurized.
Boeing doesn't want MH370 found. The last thing they want is the potential for discovery that a cockpit flash fire brought down the craft. Then it will be on them. They'd rather fuel the speculation that it was a co-pilot or some crazed maniac (if white), called terrorist if non-white.
So you work for Boeing and know this for sure? Please do tell all...
Wow, all these experts posting their findings on a Yahoo Message Board, Perhaps the NTSB has a few openings for those unqualified experts.
Oh here's another piece of real information, The Island of La Reunion is of the coast of Madagascar, which is South West of Indonesia. Trade Winds affecting the Island are from the South East... The two do not match therefore if wreckage was washed up from flight 370 it would be on a Beach in the Arabian Sea or the Bay of Bengal. And remember even during the Indonesian Tsunami, wreckage was never found anywhere near the Island or Madagascar.
I agree, but there are gyres that could make it possible. I think it's from a previous accident.
Kalzone, Ordinarily I could agree with you, but as La Reunion is in the Southern Hemisphere a Cyclone or Typhoon rotates Clockwise, therefore any debris would move to the North East and away from La Reunion. If the Island was in the Northern Hemisphere a Hurricane would circulate Counter Clockwise and wreckage would possibly hit landfall in a South Western direction.
Some expert came on CNN and suggested this. I didn't come up with it. But you sound informed. No argument.
Island La Reunion? I hope it turns out to be a reunion- albeit one of the dead and those left behind - still praying for them.
Just remember the first to deny it is a part of that plane, is most probubly the ones who blew it up.
And how would you, out of all the world, know what happened to it?
The Malaysians do NOT like the Chinese, which is why Singapore is a separate country. The plane was full of Chinese. Could well be an attack by a Malaysian pilot on the Chinese is what the politically correct press never says anything about. It's like the Indian's and Chinese in Kenya, they are under constant attack by the blacks.
Singapore is no where near China, so can you please explain to an ignorant chap like me why Singapore is a separate country due to the fact that "the Malaysians do not like the Chinese"?
The Chinese in Malaysia used and still do use the Malaysians like slaves. Singapore is run the by Chinese ever though it is at the tip of Malaysia. The Chinese in Malaysia run the banks, the plantations, the real estate, the ports etc... The Chinese view the Malaysians as Monkeys. And the Malaysians resent it. In order to keep the Malaysians from killing all the Chinese they handed out land to all the Malay Nationals, when the Government switched from Chinese to Malay citizens. Which is part of the whole Vietnam Era, domino effect theory. Your Government supported the switch of Chinese to Malay rule in Malaysia. Singapore is where the Red Chinese did business with the Free World until the 1980's. Just like the riots in Kenya when Obama took office, the Indians and the Chinese run the business, own all the real estate, the plantations, the banks.....so the blacks just went off on the non blacks and killed thousands of Indians and Chinese merchants. The UN Africa HQ is in Nairobi they went along with it, and supported it.
Kalzone, Ordinarily I could agree but in the Southern Hemisphere a Typhoon or Cyclone spin's Clockwise. Therefore any debris would spin north east away from the Island of La Reunion where the wreckage was found. Whereby In the Northern Hemisphere a Hurricane spins Counter Clockwise and therefore the debris would have traveled South East. Of course this is just theory based on known facts.
OK...so a year and 4 months later...The Malaysian government still can't find this plane...but they may have found part of a wing...or at least the wing found it's way to land. Never underestimate the inability of the Malaysian government to be as stupid and cover up prone as possible.
Speculation, speculation, speculation! No facts at this time.
A fisherman saw a plane on fire that night. He said that he saw the fire be extinguished quickly And yet he was never been interviewed on camera. I've never understood why.
Thousands of people see Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Moster too, but where is the proof?
One person saw a fire on a plane that subsequently disappeared. We don't have time to at least talk to him??
I hope the engineers at Boeing are reading these comments. Now they will know how to identify what plane the debris came from.
Sure would have been nice if they included a photo of the region where it was found so we all don't have to go look it up.
Now these are good news to read about. Not those idiots about their ugly clothes, ugly relatives, ugly makeup, ugly noise you hear from some stupid driver and the worst of all, since this is summer, those ugly long hair.
Hopefully this will put an end to the theory that it is sitting in a hangar somewhere.
The people that hid it in a hangar took this unnecessary piece off as a decoy....
Wow, I hope you are just being funny Viking because some people probably will run with that.
Conspiracy theorists do tend to have wild imaginations. The one phrase that ALWAYS perks a conspiracy nut's ears is "that's what they WANT you to think!!"
No, or even if it does, they will always come up with more BS. Their lively hoods depend on it. It's so much better than doing a real productive job!
@Viking - That is the only obvious explanation.
What makes you think this is even a piece of that plane? I have probably seen 30 stories of things being found that could be part of the plane and none of them ever are.
Foil Finger Tips people, Foil Finger Tips before you type! They are listening!
@Dooglas, them having wild imaginations is just what they want you to think. ;)
I recently saw an article about how conspiracy theorists incorporate new facts into their narratives to keep the theory alive. Then again, the article was probably written by an agent of the shadow government on behalf of the Illuminati to cast people who are trying to out them in a negative light.
Duh - they took a piece of the plane in the hanger and threw it in the ocean to divert suspicion.
@Tom - Are you just re-iterating Viking's joke? Try to be original.
@Dwayne - you would be utterly shocked how few "facts" aren't facts at all. Most "facts" are misinformation, false or faulty testimony, forged documents, illogical and subjective "links", unsubstantiated claims, and baseless conclusions. When you deconstruct conspiracy theories, it become shocking how ANYONE could possibly believe such things. One fascinating pattern is that some conspiracy theorists will forge "evidence" in order to prove to the world that they are right and aren't crazy, often posing as false experts or people of authority on a subject, occasionally going to far as to forge credentials. I have caught quite a few trying that, and had to call them out. A prime example of this is 9/11 "engineers" and "demolition experts". Conspiracy theory circles are fascinating, shocking, and sad to behold.
@Dooglas Do YOU work for the Illuminati?
Many aren't aware of the multi billion dollar business acquisition that took place due the untimely death of several of the passengers of this airplane. Since the media never even glanced at this theory something tells me there's a reason why. Us peasants live in a world of smoke and mirrors, spoon fed information by politicians and world elites who are making moves so big that most people can't come to terms with the fact that most of what they "think" and "do" is actually what they've been told to think and do. There are many theories on what happened to this plane, but by definition, it IS a conspiracy. There is enough evidence that we should all realize that at this point. The fact that the pilot had simulated alternative flight patterns on his computer is enough smoke to say there's fire, even if we know nothing else.
It tells us very little, and if the plane is in a hangar somewhere, that is still a possibility ( anything is possible ) until the aircraft can be positively identified.
Chris has it right, ALWAYS FOLLOW THE $$$$$$$$$!
We won't know until they determine if this came from the plane... but even if it is the plane, we don't know why it diverted and if it was one of the pilots or someone else... If it was a terrorist move, what was their plan??? What people need to remember is that there are terrorist groups that would nuke the USA in a second if they could...
I still think flight 370 was hijacked by aliens!
Air Force radar in Malaysia watched 2 blimps for 4 hrs. did not engage as was deemed a UFO
MH370 did not crash. It landed somewhere. That was after all electronic devices were confiscated and destroyed en-route.
Is that what happened to Tom Brady's phone?
Nobody cares about some no-name quarterback. Next.
Chris, you should report this information to the authorities. I'm sure it would be really helpful in their investigation. When you find out where it landed, you should tell them that too.
It's going to take more than this to convince it's MH370. I get the feeling that, every once in a while, the appropriate powers that be throw out a nugget of random info hoping something will stick with the public, therefore letting them off the hook. This isn't enough, and it's too convenient.
Many pieces of debris were removed from the water during searches only to be proven not from an aircraft. More debris should have been found by now so I'm skeptical.
The aliens left a small piece for us to find.
"With the search proving fruitless, speculation on the fate of the plane remains focused primarily on a possible mechanical or structural failure, a hijacking or terror plot, or rogue pilot action" Or the lithium batteries that were illegally put on the plane last minute and not secured properly were damaged on take-off and released deadly arsenic gas incompacitating the crew and passengers. They were dead before they hit the water. The co-pilot managed a last maneuver before being overtaken. Sad. Malaysia Air does not want this plane found.
Lots of conjecture, there. Where do you get your facts? It is legal to carry lithium batteries as long as they are properly packaged, and unless you packed the batteries yourself, how would you know if they were properly packaged? And arsenic gas? Where does that come from? I can find nothing on like putting lithium batteries and arsenic together and arsenic is a slow acting poison in any case.( Now, lithium ARSENIDE is a material used in the construction of the batteries but has no relationship to arsenic) Maybe we should leave it up to the experts, eh?
You needn't speculate for long. Any builder of airplanes should be able to identify what type of airplane the piece is from almost immediately.
IF..............."they" want us to know. But other than that, you are exactly correct. I look forward to seeing how this pans out.
I really like the usefulness of the pictures, especially picture #2. I am really curious who the white guy is talking too. /s
I kind of agree with Jeff Wise, otherwise this makes no sense.
There is a plausible explanation that explains everything and is supported by the available data: -The Muslim pilot switched off the transponder. This can only be done manually and intentionally. -He took the plane above 40,000 feet and depressurized the cabin killing everyone on board in a matter of seconds. A high climb above 40,000 feet occurred according to the computers monitoring the engines. -The plane descended and did a 180 and started on a heading that would take it over the Indian Ocean. This would only happen if it was done by someone in the cockpit doing it intentionally. -The plane descended and flew very low to avoid any detection by ground radar. A group of fishermen reported to the authorities that they saw a giant plane flying very low over the water. -The pilot most likely flew the plane to some Islamic country (over the Indian Ocean) where it was landed and covered either via a hangar or with camouflage netting. -The plane will sit there for a long time until the search dies down (perhaps for years) and then it will be used in a 9/11 type of attack. Tel Aviv? Think about it. When an Air France jet went down over the Atlantic a few years back, there was debris floating everywhere. The authorities had no trouble finding the wreckage. Is it really feasible that the 777 went down and not one speck of debris was found?
Except your entire premise is wrong. Those planes can be controlled from a fixed location. The transponder can be shut off by others.
The air France jet had a flight path to search...m370 did not...think about it !!!
Some wreckage yeah - but finding the plane itself took 22 months of brilliant coop work between the U.S. and France.
@John, so tell me how these planes can be controlled from a fixed location and the transponder can be shut off by others....others meaning outside the aircraft?...on the ground? That's all news to me...I use to fly the 777 and I know of no way to do what you just claimed, unless remote controlled devices were installed on the airplane and who is going to do that? Some spooky spy stuff? I think Arpman may be onto something....that debris they found with shells on it...that would have had to have been in the water a long, long time for stuff to grow on it.
You and I share the exact theory! I said the same thing about why the 40,000 ft climb happened. If it ended up in the ocean, a text book ocean landing would have to have been done but it was in the middle of the night. Then the plane would have been found or if it sunk, it would have imploded at those depths & all the buoyant debris would float up. Its hidden away for future use.
This seems to make the most sense. No debris found, plane landed somewhere. I certainly hope we don't have another 9/11 incident, but it proved successful for them, so why wouldn't they do it again? We need to be vigil, tighten security. We have to keep our guard up against terrorism.
Eventually, I believe the ocean will give up the evidence of the plane being commandeered by the pilot and/or co-pilot and taken down into the ocean while all aboard slept or was unaware of their location. I don't think muslims should fly planes with passengers, if that sounds as if I don't trust muslims, right, I don't!
Yeah, and I don't trust ANY German pilots since that German Wings plane was flown into the Alps. IDIOT!!
Apparently, suicidal Germans might not be much better.
As long as we don't find out about 6 survivors that mysteriously reappear, and then disappear after reports that one heavily bearded survivor was screaming "We have to go back Kate!"
If you search for BB670 on the web you get an image of paving equipment, the side of which looks very similar to the photo. So, it could be from construction equipment manufactured by Van Dyk. Bitelli BB670 1996 Paving Equipment.
Not if it is part of an aircraft. Duh.
Edward...How are you able to type notes while wearing a straight jacket? You are an idiot.
I hope they can definitively identify this part. If it does belong to the MH370 777 it would help squelch all of the conspiracy theories floating around.
You can't squelch conspiracy theory. Each piece of evidence just becomes fodder for a bigger, deeper conspiracy. Like Robert's comment above, unless he is kidding. With Poe's Law*, it is difficult to tell. (*Poe's law is an Internet adage which states that, without a clear indicator of the author's intent, parodies of extreme views will, to some readers, be indistinguishable from sincere expressions of the parodied views.)
lol... Yeah.. I guess conspiracy theorists will always find a whole they call into question in any situation.
@Robert: Wasn't that what Verbal Kint said about Kaiser Soze? Or something like that?
"Covered in shells"?? Such as the beginnings of a reef? As a scuba diver I would have to say the MH370 hasn't been missing long enough for that to happen.
Its been a year, it certainly has been long enough.
I've been on a number of wreck dives, many that were sunk explicitly for the formation of reefs. Anything under two years had limited barnacle formation but certainly could not be called "covered". Reef formation seems to accelerate after that.
Interesting that they found this piece in France. Which would mean the plane went down in the Atlantic. Now that really makes you wonder where this plane was headed, and how it got there.
wow you dont read very well. French Indian ocean island of la reunion.
i think you better look the map again FRANCE !!! REUNION islands in africa
Hey Tiny....The tiny part must be referring to the size of your brain. Did you ever go to school? Did you take reading comprehension? Is your shoe size larger than your IQ? Somebody has to take the crayons away from you until you get it together.
MH370 flew through a wormhole and went to a galaxy far far away where there's a new hope...
this can't possibly be wreckage of mh 370. the reason for that is that if it were true, then it would also be true that you losers are in fact the needful nutcase degenerates that I have always known that you are. your freaking ignorant ranting about the freaking plane being hidden in some semi-secret hangar in freaking Pakistan waiting for the right moment to be outfitted and flown on a strike against some special highly important location in the west. you whackjobs are quite funny. dumbssaes.
So much bile, Oily. Why the hate? On a different note, how's it going?!
Fox Lies News & the GOP have already solved the case. They Both said Obama did it.
Take your political name calling somewhere else....
u go some where else stepen, while ur there buy a since of humor.
All a person has to do is Google Uninterruptible Autopilot and they will see how this aircraft was remotely hijacked. It will also show that only a government agency would have the capability of doing it, which in turn narrow down the possible motives. Instead, the media continues to put forth absurd notions about "Putin done it".
This just in. A whole village in Madagascar has been located that was built from the remaining scraps of MH 370. The residents have refused entry to investigators, citing gentrification concerns. More at 6.
Here's a new theory, Somali pirates have it.
Are you suggesting they jumped up in the air and brought it down?
Not all pirates go by water.
The bodies from MH17 wreckage had a very foul odor (recall from news) as if the carnage was months old. MH17 was identical to MH370. An airplane manifest can be made up and news (media) can get anyone and everyone to believe a story; Just sayin'
Wicked Warrior bloggers will repeat anything they've heard and everyone (who's on a conspiratorial par with the blogger) will believe the story; Just sayin' I know, I know, Reagan wasn't shot, no plane hit the Pentagon, we didn't land on the moon (and Russia and China's missions there have chosen not to expose us) and the Holocaust is a hoax. What a moronic maroon.
Aliens finally gave us a clue.
I am sorry for the families of those lost and have empathy for them. However at this point in time it does not make sense to continue to spend millions of dollars on this search mission. Money could be used for feeding starving third world nations and actually preserving life.
how about using that money to sterilize millions of women in 3rd world nations after their first child and stop them from over breeding and then starving to death...
This 777 landed in Pakistan and will never be found!
Ha, I said that from the beginning. But now I'm thinking Kazahkstan (or one of the other "stans".)
Looks like it could have been shot down by the military installations on Diego Garcia and then take to La Reunion by currents. Or maybe the US brought it down to Diego Garcia by the US after jumping the gun for security reasons and had no out but to destroy the plane and kill the passengers. But once again, the media, never objective anymore, points the finger to Russia. Hey, that church shooting in South Carolina, wasn't that PUTIN too?!?! why doesn't ANYONE in the west mention even SUSPECTING that the USA shot it down?? You know, like they did that plane off of Long Island that the US mistakenly shot down with a cruise missile and had all those folks from the Dominican Republic!!
Me gods, the Western reporters waste no opportunity to demonize Russia, it is an obsession with them, a pathology. To wit: the wild theory about the US shooting down the plane is stated but AFP adds that "The United States has denied this." The even wilder speculation about Russia and Putin carries no similar disclaimer. Shame on you AFP, you were once a respected news outlet.
Let's decide it is flotsam from Amelia Earhart's plane in 1937. Even though Earhart crashed in the mid-Pacific - at least she is a real celebrity.
...no Dave, she's NOT a celebrity. I like celebrities that DON'T CRASH!!
Why is the USA still involved in the search spending a million dollars a day of taxpayers money?
NTSB is involved in all of them they are the best in the world.. and it helps keep us safe. Last but not least it was a US plane.
It's a Boeing, they have a vested interest to find out if it was a design flaw in the aircraft, Boeing brings in a lot of foreign revenue.
A US built plane....no longer receiving US maintenance. That is like saying I have a CHINESE built toaster that explodes.
Great have Boeing send there workers rather then our government thinking we need to be involved in EVERY foreign affairs.
Now the US Fish and Wildlife said they will assist in anyway in Africa because a American hunter shot a lion using taxpayer money.
Putin probably has the passengers in a work camp.
Environmentalists will be all over the fact that they are removing this sea shell habitat.
It came from a tangent universe. We're all safe now.
If this is a part of the 777 wing, what happened to all the pieces that could float like seat cushions. Unless the aircraft sank in one piece (doubtful for a water landing) there should be something floating.
Maybe there are someplace and maybe not, depends how it hit the water. In any case there is always a first part found and then others later. Not everything turns up at once
The seats are attached to the plane and it's likely that almost all the seat cushions remained attached to the seat because people were likely still buckled in when it crashed, holding the seat cushion in its place. A morbid though, but still.
If the plane nosedived in like a lawn dart, the wings and tailplane would've snapped off but the fuselage would've gone pretty much straight down to the deeps in more or less a single piece. So I could see this washing up but not a seat. Also, it's a big ocean -- I wouldn't assume no seats have washed up either. They just haven't been found yet.
The authorities know what happened to the plane; just don't want the public to know
There is no other plane crash in that part of the world in the past five years that the wreckage has not been found, so, it has got to be parts of the MH370. It took awefully long, but finally the mystery the first piece of the puzzle is found.
I hope it is something in order to allow the family's to bring a possible closure to this very sad incident. That being said I still have a hard time understanding how we have the technology to fly a drone from halfway around the world but we can't keep constant track of a commercial airliner. It just doesn't sound right to me.
Mike Huckabee said that the crash was a result of fire and brimstone raining down from the Heavens and destroying all of the Muslims, Mexicans, gays, and transgender passengers on board! He also said that an Obama ordered Sharknado was still on the table as an option too....
barack can resurrect all those mentioned for a small tax increase.
Too late! I think that Trump already claimed them and put them to work in the sweat shops that he uses to produce his clothing line.
then barack can only leave them where they are and assure them housing
As in the 9/11 Twin towers and pentagon crashes. A picture of an engine is on a street in NYC, and 'landing gear' was pictured at the pentagon; however, not one person (from my understanding) from any airline has stated that those parts belonged to each respective aircraft in question. Apparently, 'they' will occasionally make whatever scenario fit their agenda.
So, just where do you think those parts came from?
Again, typical 'misdirect' and non answering the question. Pentagon could have been a drone; twin towers could have been a 'non-commercial' plane. Large aircraft have been flown remotely for decades (and has been done so for testing on the effects of jet fuel burn), as well as the CIA (50 yrs prior) had Operation Northwoods. Faking a plane crash to blame another entity. These are not 'tin foil' arguments but factual scenarios. So again, no airline has publicly stated those parts belong to their aircraft.
It's clear that this is a part of a 747 S.A Airways flight from Taiwan to Jo-berg 1987. The plane went down quite close to Reunion. Google it.
South African Airways Flight 295, flown by a Boeing 747 named Helderberg was a commercial flight that suffered a catastrophic in-flight fire in the cargo area and crashed into the Indian Ocean east of Mauritius on 28 November 1987, killing everyone on board.[2][3] An extensive salvage operation was mounted to try to recover the flight data recorders, one of which was recovered from a depth of 4,900 metres (16,100 ft)—the deepest successful salvage operation ever conducted.[4] The official inquiry, headed by Judge Cecil Margo, was unable to determine the cause of the fire, leading to a number of conspiracy theories being advanced in the following years.[5]
Well it seems that there are mollusks growing on the debris. That takes quite some time to grow. Just a guess
Neither can I. I'm just a commercial aviation nerd. It looks like a smaller part of a large wing. Like an interior flap. It also looks quite weathered. Someone else brought up the S.A airways accident in 1987. Seemed plausible
"here are mollusks growing on the debris. That takes quite some time" My boat gets painted with anti-fouling paint, and gets dropped into Long Island Sound every May, and pulled out every Oct. It gets mussels and barnacles on it in those 5 months, despite the paint. And you think in nearly a year and a half of continuous immersion, an unpainted piece wouldn't get colonized?
Well it's moving around with the current. Not stuck at a dock. But I hear ya.
Kaly babe, you are my kind of nerd... luv ya babe.
Why do you keep liking your own posts?
Ha ha, Kaly, that is not possible, I am just more popular than you are but after we meet anything is possible... here, I will give you a like cuz you are a little hottie.
I still believe that MH370 landed somewhere. I believe the search should be on land and not in the ocean. I believe one of the pilots and/or flight crew purposely disabled the radios and transponder, departed the planned route and either landed or crashed into remote terrain. Likely the passengers and flight attendants were doomed. May they RIP.
Bizarre, I am actually looking forward to its being verified as being a part of that plane just to see what interesting twist the conspiracy theorists come up with. hahaha
it wont be..planes that get abducted dont leave a trace
I'll bet you it's not part of MH370. There's no way that lone piece floated over 3K nautical miles undetected without other related parts being observed. That whole area was scoured by multiple naval units for months and nothing other than ocean debris was seen.
But Sean Hannity told me the plane was in Pakistan being retrofitted for a terrorist attack against America. Sean told me I should be scared and asked why Obama wasn't doing anything about the plane in Pakistan. How could there be wreckage? Unless maybe that crazy conspiracy theory was wrong.
Still waiting on that puttytat Hannity to get waterboarded for charity like he promised. If Jay Leno had a mentally deficient brother he would look just like Hannity.
The two Iranians on board were obviously criminals. The plane was hijacked by the Iranians and things just went wrong.
Mossad are the terrorwitz who hijack aircraft, let's not pretend to get it twisted. Only fools the fools.
So it looks like the villagers who saw the plane fly over the Maldives might have been right, while the 'experts' who followed the pings to the coast of Australia might have been completely wrong.
If this is indeed a piece of it. I really want it to be, because I want this thing found, but I'm trying to stay objective and wait for evidence. They should be able to trace that number.
Actually, it provides evidence that the crash DID occur off the Western coast of Australia. The warm water geothermal 'global conveyor belt' (ocean current) flows over the top of Australia from the east and heads west before merging with warn water 'looping' over the Maldives from a 'west to east' direction. In other words, the ocean currents would take debris form the west of Australia straight to the southern Maldives. Experts:1 R2D2:0
If I am reading the maps of the currents in the Indian Ocean it's looks like it is possible the experts were right and the debris has simply taken this long to make a somewhat circuitous journey to this location. I'm not an expert by any means but I did stay at a Holiday Inn earlier this summer.
Give credit to the shellfish for finding the plane, they are a lot smarter than the experts who wrongly predicted its destination.
If the plane was flying below radar no one is to blame for not knowing where to look for the plane.
Evelyn, the Malaysian military radar tracked this plane all the way to the other side of the Malaysian peninsula. The problem was the Defense Minister who did not immediately order that their military jets scramble to chase the plane and find out what was wrong with it. It's all in the news if you care to be informed.
MH 370 is sitting in a hanger in North Korea, and the passengers are in a slave farm.
OK... now why is it strange and mysterious?
Will CNN answer why the "aliens" rejected that part? Why did they damage it like that? Can they be charged with racism and or hate crimes? What will be the UN's involvement? Are they LGBT and or supportive? Have there been any signs of rainbows found, yet?
Then Diego Garcia is quite a possible theory - Reunion is not far away.
If that piece is only six feet long, the guys carrying it are only around three foot four! Do you know what else is around three feet tall? ALIENS! This was shot on the set next to the one that they filmed the Moon landing in! You guys almost had us! Thanks Obama!
The Aliens are not that sloppy, you will never see that plane again.
Were they illegal or legal aliens? Does alien mean something, or is it just nonsensical legalese?
It would be nice if there was a map of the area in the article. Don't know where La Reunion Island is.
585 miles east of Madagascar, 1 hr flight time.
Anonymous meet Google, Google meet Anonymous
Anonymous -you have heard of something called google? they even have maps!
It wouldn't be if Cecil the Lion promoted his second amendment rights....
The plane was followed by satellite pings to near the South Seas. I wonder why it was done. A hijacking has a purpose, not to just crash with no message. Unless the Govts of the world are suppressing the reason as it is too damaging. I honestly do not think I know. I would guess that the plane is safe, the people are dead and sometime in the future we'll see it used as a weapon of mass destruction.
Don't buy anymore made in the USA planes.
I like to live, why are you suicidal or a jihadist?
yeah... fly French planes instead. At least when they crash more often, the parts are found.
BB670 is most likely a serial number of a government airplane out of Virginia that was manufactured in 1980, likely a BEECH turboprop.
You may be right. Thanks for the name calling. It could also have been a crash from the Seychelles, even a drone.
If CNN spent as much effort on investigating and exposing Hilary as they did on the plane story Clinton would not be a candidate.
Benghazi Benghazi Benghazi !!!! That tired conspiracy theory buddy?
More BS. 370 landed on Diego Garcia. It was positively identified by several islanders flying very low as it came in.
That's the million dollar question. It would have to have been parked in a large hanger to avoid detection. Question remains why the government wanted it ??
GREAT! More illegals on "entitlement programs" funded by the US Government! Thanks Obama!
I think they are trying to sway the public that this is part of the wing of this flight, because they have no answers, and I may be wrong, but I think they quit investigating the whereabouts a long time ago. It may be a government cover up, though We may never know .
I hope that you have plenty of tin foil hats. You will need them.
FAKE crash Baltiysk, Kaliningrad, world's amber capital - What does it tell about infiltrator "Putin" Putin was murdered and replaced with an impostor years ago. Why does fake Putin now puts an end to people trying to make a living from amber? For the same reason that "Putin" went as far as to "sell" oil to the EU BELOW production costs: to ensure that as much russian wealth as possible is transferred to illuminazi central safes. The Baltiysk episode also illustrates illuminati's main weapon: using infiltrators. Same as Tsipras in Greece, the candidates stepped on stage to play defenders of "right of people to collect amber" only to do the opposite immediately after they were elected. Note This is one of the facts in illuminati media report about it: The Kaliningrad region is the source of 90 percent of the world's extractable amber. news.yahoo.--- /people-power-russia-style-small-town-lessons-russian-113001072.html BASICS Fake Putin's arsenal of bombs for his suicide mission. The break-up of Russia started already, with Chechnya. Kaliningrad is next - new bombs added regularly illuminati-suicide-bombers.blog+spot --- /2014/07/
You took the words right out of my mouth.... but you arranged them all differently.
Maybe the part is from Amelia Earhart's Electra.
If that is part of MH370, ocean currents would suggest it did not go down off Australia where they are looking. La Reunion island is east of Madagascar and currents head toward Australia from there. Piece would have had to have drifted from the north on southerly currents. Get ready, Diego Garcia folks
If it violated airspace and did not identify, then did they shoot it down? Then cover up? Or did it just go down in the area and flying so low it wasn't detectable by radar?
look at current maps. well off the western coast of Aus is the S. Equitorial Current in the Indian Ocean which flows in a circular counter clockwise pattern. It most certainly could have come from a plane that crashed off the AUS coast
On what authority do you offer this observation Hoax?
A British female sailor in that area reported seeing something on fire moving across the night sky that evening in a westerly direction. As a pilot myself, I tended to believe that account, based on the circumstances, rather than the new theory based on the Doppler effect of the engine pings.
No Hox, not correct. Given the time that has passed, the location of this wreckage is very compatible with the plane going down off Australia. The west Australian current brings debris north where it could easily go across the Indian Ocean on the South equatorial current. It fits right in with the direction of the gyre (counterclockwise) in the Indian Ocean. It does make sense.
simplistic maps do show one circular counter-clockwise current in the Indian Ocean, but the one I saw had many tighter currents inside this main current and from the location they were looking in, it seemed the piece would not have travelled that far west, but rather been in a tighter circle to the east. I am looking for current speeds. I has always bothered me why the plane headed northwest after crossing the Malaysia coast, only to head dead south after passing off radar.
It may seem simplistic on a map, but that is because these currents forming the counterclockwise gyre in the southern Indian Ocean are the most dominant and consistent currents in that part of the Ocean. There are more minor current patterns operating in parts of the ocean off Australia, but they are within the framework of the major pattern that is capable of transporting debris clear across the ocean in the equatorial region. The equatorial currents here are like a conveyor belt operating in a loop, with other debris probably making the loop several times without ever coming ashore like this one.
Carl you sound like the real deal! Know anything abt the speed of the current? Could a piece have drifted maybe 3500-4000 miles in 16 months?
Carl, make that maybe 2500 miles only. Reunion to Perth 3700 miles - search area from Perth 1,850 = 1,850. Non direct circular route 2500?
Hox - No problem in that time frame. The South Equatorial current (SEC) would certainly not be considered a strong ocean current like the Gulf Stream which can run up to 3 to 4 knots (1 knot equals 1 nautical mile per hour). It's going to fluctuate and vary a bit with the seasons, but I would guess it would average somewhere between 0.5 to 1 knot in speed. What it lacks in speed though, it makes up for in consistent direction from east to west, being driven by the consistent trade winds blowing to the west south of the equator. Even at 1/2 a knot, over 16 months that is about 5700 nautical miles. So yes, it works. And by the way, the Australian current flowing north off the west coast of Austr. that would feed the debris into the equatorial current system would run even faster. Boundary currents like this in the ocean usually run significantly faster, GUlf Stream being an example of a classic boundary current. And just to qualify my post, I do have a degree in Oceanography.
Also, for what its worth, my own opinion as to why they did not find any floating wreckage in the beginning is that they were essentially looking in the wrong area of ocean in the early stages of the search. After the analysis of all the data, they probably did have a good idea where it went down. The problem was that so much time had passed before they figured this out. So, by the time they began searching off West Australia, the northward currents would have already cleared any remaining debris out of the area. The debris was long gone out of the area. I never did understand why they were not searching much farther north of the target area. I remember hearing them state that currents would have kept debris close to the impact site and that never made sense to me.
It's obviously some kind of a piece of something.
They probably will definitely will know for sure in the future,
Mac,, you must not overlook any clue, no matter how small...er...large it is.
Good eye Trev. Keep us posted. My thought is they'll find that the debris is made of matter, but I could be wrong.
I think that once they investigate it more they'll find that it's a small part of a much bigger thing.
chickadee, at this point, what matter does it make.
Trev, your vast knowledge of all things made up of small parts is awesome.
Thank you for that in-depth analysis of the debris finding. That put my mind at ease.
yeah its a piece of another piece
John, speaking of work, it's time for your shift at the carwash to start.
It might be made of metal...
I just saw that they identified what it is. I knew they would figure out that it went to something.
Not entirely sure ... but I doubt they'll find any survivors.
Really? why not? Anyone could survive floating around in the southern Indian ocean for a year and a half!
We still prayin for thes people make it home safe
The Russians shot it down while practicing to shoot the next one down over the Ukraine.
That sucks . I was hoping alien abduction theory panned out.
Lithium batteries spontaneously combust. MH370 had a shipment of those batteries on board in the cargo hold, where the computers are located. Just like oxygen, maybe they should not be shipped on passenger airlines. (ps: hey yahoo, combust is spelled correctly)
ok you thumbs down people, would you choose to get on a plane that you knew had a shipment of these batteries in the cargo hold?
remember ValuJet & an oxygen shipment?
it was Flight 592, 16 years ago if you would like to know more.
Funny how that fire caused the pilot to fly a complex path, right along international borders as he took the plane toward the Indian Ocean.
i only suggest, i don't know what happened to cause this terrible tragedy. I just know it is not safe cargo on a plane. If you think it is, then I hope you get to ride on that plane.
Yeah-way. What's your issue here? Please offer us your thoughts.
We can send a probe to Pluto, which is several billion miles away, but we cant find a plane the size of football field within earth. I guess technology has its limitations.
Hmm. The pieces shown on CNN have lots of riveting, like on a much older plane.
How do you think they seam them today?
These look like oldtime rivets. I guess we'll find out soon.
That plane will one day be a really big bomb that will again make a really big wake up call that most Americans will hear for about one day.
This plane has nothing to do with America. It is not all about America. Moron
Gregg's a Tin Foil Hat wearer. Everything is a conspiracy.
I'm still waiting to hear what happened to the "Plane Crash" in Pennsylvania on 9/11. Still have found no evidence of a plane. Just a big hole in the ground.
if not, where are the passengers & crew? partying in the Bermuda Triangle?
They found landing gear, an engine, fuselage parts, both black boxes, DNA from passengers, personal items, etc. Only in the mind of a conspiranoid is that "no evidence".
they found that evidence "weeks" after the crash..... apparently the ground swallowed the plane hole.... something that has never happened in aviation history....... Just like 9/11 was the first time a steal structured building collapsed due to "fire"
"Just like 9/11 was the first time a steal structured building collapsed due to "fire" " And the first time fully loaded wide body planes crashed into a steel structure as well...imagine that And you need to read about the Windsor tower, in Madrid Spain--a concrete tower topped with steel upper stories. It caught fire, and guess what??? the steel upper portion collapsed, no airplane required!
how bout explaining how the steel support collapsed in the lower half as well you f'in diIdo...... Explain why there was a lava flow of molten steel underneath the buildings for MONTHS after the attack???? Fire doesn't cause molten steel genius...... Explain to me tower 7 that wasn't touched by a plane at all..... collapsed perfectly into its own footprint at freefall speed after people inside heard and experienced explosions long before the towers collapsed????
LOL, you nutters are completely...nuts! I think you should go melt some steel, bury it for a few months, and then dig it up and see if it is still molten.
k troll... you obviously didn't do any research.... otherwise you'd know that jet fuel doesn't burn hot enough to turn steel into a molten lava flow.... which still has yet to be explained....... seeing as there are 28 pages in the official 9/11 report that haven't been released.... you seem very confident in our government
It's not like they lied to us to start 14 year wars or anything..... even though the people we attacked had nothing to do with 9/11... resulting in more soldiers dying than 9/11 victims..... resulting in over 100,000 civilian casualties..... resulting in doubling our national debt TWICE....... clearly the gov't wouldn't lie or cover up anything regarding 9/11 right????
"Fire doesn't cause molten steel genius" how do you think steel is made?
If you read my posts.... or read anything at all..... you'd know that jet fuel fires and office fires don't burn hot enough to melt steel into a molton lava flow....... but don't concern yourself with facts or anything.... just keep disregarding people who point out inconsistencies that threaten your preconceptions about our country.
Israel had the original MH370 plane in a hanger in Tel Aviv, to be used in another Zionist False Flag, but got outed by Chris Bollyn. When Israel realized that the jet was no longer useful, they busted it up and had an Israeli freighter transport it to that general area and dump it into the ocean.
ALERT! ALERT! All conspiracy theorist lunatics report to your keyboards immediately! REPEAT! All conspiracy theorist lunatics report to your keyboards immediately! ALERT! ALERT!
@Three: OK, here we are. What now?
Wait and see. Who in hell knows? But, I would certainly rule out Israel, space aliens, North Korean Zombies or any other nonsense.
In today's world, I wouldn't rule out anything.
@Three: It was them durn aliums.
If it is part of the missing plane I would say it was put there to be found. This plane was hijacked for the scientists and the engineers on board. And, maybe use the plane for a terrorist attack later on.
k - You would rather believe, in this day and age with all the technology we have, that a plane could just disappear without a trace for over one year?
Google GAT Malaysian Airlines Boeing 777 Tel Aviv.
20 Passengers From Missing Malaysia Flight Were DOD Employees Involved In Electronic Warfare & Weapons That Can “Cloak” Or Make Planes Invisible. They were murdered. Even one of the passengers told his wife that he feared his life. Now let's ask ourselves... which world power does whatever it takes to hide war secrets? I'm guessing it would be the USA. Anytime there's mysterious acts of violence in the world, I'm sure we're behind it.
Tin foil hats will not allow the mother ship circling earth to read your mind.
Right.. keep on thinking that our government is our "friend." People like you is how Hitler got into power.
Reading peoples theories is quite entertaining. LOL
A US technology company which had 20 senior staff on board Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 had just launched a new electronic warfare gadget for military radar systems in the days before the Boeing 777 went missing. Five days later, Flight MH370 took off from Kuala Lumpur for Beijing with 239 people on board including 20 working for Freescale. Freescale’s shareholders include the Carlyle Group of private equity investors whose past advisers have included ex-US president George Bush Sr and former British Prime Minister John Major. Carlyle’s previous heavyweight clients include the Saudi Binladin Group, the construction firm owned by the family of Osama bin Laden. Just look it up. That plane went missing for a reason.
Robert- And where do you get your information from? Remember Operation Mockingbird? Operation Mockingbird was a secret campaign by the CIA to influence the media (both domestically and abroad). This was accomplished by recruiting American journalists to present the views of the CIA to the public. Hard to trust the media when the media was told to fabricate stories by government. If anything, look up Operation Mockingbird. Not a conspiracy when it turned out to be true.
Nah. I'm a nice guy. I'm sure you are too. You're just.... naive.
Not everything. Just when extremely fishy/sneaky/atrocious things happen in the world, the USA has something to do with it. Why do I think this way? Cause I like to play favorites.
Well, if there is one piece, there is more, somewhere.
This must be different wreckage. MH370 was landed on an island so it can be used in another false flag attack.
I never understood that theory. Why bother stealing MH370 and having to disappear a couple hundred people, when airliners are just vanishing from Africa all the time? It's apparently frighteningly easy to steal airliners, so I don't get why anyone would go to so much trouble for this particular one.
or Jason is just being sarcastic.
Oh, I know that. I'm just wondering why anyone would posit that they did given that there are much easier ways to illegally obtain an airliner.
Because it could allow for a surprised attack... but also, there were a number of people from a tech company on that plane and it could have been to kidnap them.
Any idiot can see that it's just one of Michelle Obama's dental retainers...
I have been saying all along that plane is in the bottom of the ocean never to be found. I hope I am wrong and they can identify the plane so the families can get some closure and so the conspiracy theory nuts will shut up.
They will never shut up, it's their living by playing mind games for the ignorant, the shallow and the narrow minded and the gullible.
Don't know yet Tim. Like I said, I hope I am. The families deserve to know where their loved ones are. They haven't positively identified the wreckage as being part of MH370 yet.
You and hundreds of millions of other folks have been say that. You're not unique.
lol. Someone take a leak in your cheerios this morning David?
Crusted over with shells its much older than about 16 months, probably a WWII era plane.
It does not take long for sea creatures, shells to attach to debris in the water. 16 months is plenty of time.
Maybe not, in the mississippi river anything in there longer then a week is encrusted with zebra mussels and algae in no time.
I'm pretty sure it wouldn't take 16 months. More like a few weeks.
WW II aircraft structures, with the exception of wooden parts, would not have been able to float for this long. Part being carried in the photo is obviously of modern origin.
If it were a WWII era plane part, it would have either sunk or disintegrated so much that it would have been ruled out immediately. 16 months in nothing to sea creatures who want to make a home on something floating. Put something in the ocean and after just a couple of months it can become encrusted with sea life.
I crust over with shells very fast
They should try looking for the plane in Nevada? That is where the government is hiding it along with the aliens and the 2 planes from 9/11.
The passengers are in a deep-freeze just like the Aliens.
There were 4 planes on 9/11...not 2
The 2 that flew into the towers, Jethro.
@Cheeto To keep them from leaving.
The 2 planes that flew into the WTC are being hidden by the government in Nevada?
Yup. The Government flew two drones into the towers and the real planes that took off that day are in Nevada. The people are held there also.
Why use drones instead of the real thing?
Higby you should have volunteered to fly one of the drone.
It wouldn't be a drone then. Do you not have an answer to my question? It seemed like you had some legitimate knowledge that I'd like to hear, but I guess you don't actually know anything about it.
Go join the threads talking about how the US faked to moon landings, Higby. Sounds like your style.
Geez, RIP DW is clearly just trying to be funny. Don't you people understand humor?
He needs to try a lot harder if that is the case.
They can't see sarcasm even when it's int their face. But, these are people that really want to believe this stuff I say, Prospector.
That was NO airplane that hit the Pentagon.
Yup, that was a US cruise missile, Gus
You got me RIP, you make a good fake crazy person.
"Poe's law is an Internet adage which states that, without a clear indicator of the author's intent, parodies of extreme views will, to some readers, be indistinguishable from sincere expressions of the parodied views."
April Gallop was in the pentagon on 9-11 and said after the explosion she took her son and exited through the hole in the building. She said there was no plane or plane parts. Flight 93 did not crash in the ground at PA. CeeCee Lyles from flight 93 said there was only 3 men taking over the plane and not four. She didn't hang the phone up all the way and at the end of the call someone said "you did great". Larry Silverstein was not at his daily breakfast in the tower on 9-11 and made a pull it comment for building 7. Barry Jennings said he felt explosions below him before the towers fell in building 7. No cause of death was released for Barry when he died. Danny Jowenko said building 7 was a controlled demolition before he died in a car crash. Felipe David was badly burned/skin hanging in a WTC1 basement explosion. Look up 5 dancing Israelis on 9-11 and what Rockefeller told Aaron Russo about 9-11 before Aaron died.
this doesn't fit in with my alien abduction theory hmm ...
Maybe the aliens didn't have room in the trunk of their ship for that piece.
After the plane landed safely on the island atoll, Deigo Garcia, now the pieces will start being dropped into the ocean so they can eventually wash up on shore. The long time lapse is just a cover up to where the bodies are.
You whacked out conspiracy theorists never give up. Why can you not admit that the government isn't nefariously behind EVERY tragedy? Time for you to go watch Ancient Aliens.
Considering Diego Garcia is manned and you'd have zero chance of landing a plane there without being seen, I think your theory is too far fetched to consider.
So stupid, who is dropping these parts into the ocean?.... Why would they dismantle the plane then. Wouldn't they need all the parts to fly it into something if it were terrorists. Such a dumb theory. What was the motive then?
Until the plane is found kwamster isn't totally wrong.. we don't know ...yet... hopefully it was just depressurization and everyone died long before the plane went down....
He's as close to "totally" as one can get. If there is any validity to this "Diego Garcia" conspiracy theory, you have to be able to explain how the plane gets there, lands, is hidden, and then either removed or dismantled, and ALL of the passengers and crew silenced without all the people who MUST have been involved being either duped, also silenced, or in on it to keep it all a huge secret this long. Sorry, not possible.
William, why would that be so hard to do? I like how you believe your great and totally trustworthy government wouldn't dispose of you in a second, if you interfered with their agenda. Do some actual research to see who was on that plane...some very interesting scientists with something of interest. Sorry dude, planes don't just go missing these days, stop being such a sheep and believing whatever your spoon fed by the mass puppet media!
Management at CNN is thinking "were back on live"
Please no, although at least it's less time they'll spend on Donald Trump.
I hope aliens attack the earth soon and wipe out the human race.
well make sure you get probed to death in a painful way
I'm sure all the other animals would be grateful.
I am fine with that, as long as the aliens are well on their way to wiping out the human race.
We don't need aliens to destroy the earth, liberals are doing just fine frying to CONTROL mother nature.
The fact that Aliens haven't attacked us yet makes me believe that they already surveyed our world and saw a huge virus that will eventually eliminate itself.
They're already attacking California, the illegal alients.
You are correct earthling, see you soon.
You are a real maroon Mike .
Hmmmm, maroon...is that kind of" purplish"? Looks as if there is more than one "maroon" publishing here....lol
The aliens already know that humanity will make very nice work of wiping itself out in the not too distant future. They're just hangin' back for a spell before they take over to inhabit the planet. [ ; ) ]
I hope they take Hillary first
@gpvnfun......Did you hear that Kentucky Fried Chicken has a new dinner named the "Hillary"? Two small breasts, two large thighs and a left wing....
Just go put yourself out of misery buddy
Why would aliens destroy the greatest reality show in the Universe. Aliens love watching us. We are their #1 rated TV show.
@Mike, that comment makes you inhuman. A last ditch hope for survival amid an alien genocide, perhaps?
religious zealots will destroy human race without any alien help.
hahaha.. mike, that would be very desperate...
for instant satifaction - just suicide
some painful races need to go extinct - don't make any more - the well known ones being japanese, phillippinos, vietnamese, indians, africans, latinos, tribals - they suffer world suffer - they extinct or world extinct
Im not saying it was aliens.. but it was totally aliens.
Would this future headline spook us all ? ~ MH370 Found at the Bottom of Ocean, but No Bodies Inside ! . . . All Passengers Disappeared !
so, they can't be sure it came from MH370. but are they even sure it came from a plane? seems like it could have come from just about anything.
Thankfully, Frank, you aren't in aviation.
Did you look at the pictures? I'm no aviation expert, but that certainly looks like part of a plane to me, although a small plane.
Well Higby, It is a small piece of a larger plane, so it looks small since it is not the entire plane.
Fortunately Boeing has people who can figure that out Frank.
anyone ever seen a ship's rudder after getting torn off? obviously not. I'm sure there's other things it could be too. Nitwits.
That is not a ship rudder.
Clearly it's not an entire plane Tiny, but it still appears to be from something smaller than a 777.
Higby, How would you know? You do realize that even though a 777 is a big plane it still has very small parts used in making it. Some of the pieces are even as small as screws. Amazing but true.
Also how do we even know that is a whole piece of wreckage? It could very easily be broken due to impact. It is not like they are claiming they found the whole wing.
Tiny - if that part is from a plane, it looks like a main part of wing but that would mean it's much too small - that would put it from something like a large cessna. as to whether it could be an aileron, flap, or something similar - I'm doubting that cause the front part has a rounded contour. I'm not familiar with any models having this shape for these lift surface peripherals. Might be an aileron though as their pivot point is real close to the front of the lift surface - it's possible it would have a rounded surface to mimic the pivot angle. two interesting points - there doesn't seem to be much of a decrease in the height of the piece, indicating a larger aircraft (but I also don't see sub-spars or ribs) however, if it's part of an aileron, it would have a round shaft hole for the hinge fitting. and it was broken. no piece of anything is going to have exposed ribs and stringers. and quick look shows the ailerons, spoilers, and flaps on a 777 are all straight line structures - meaning no curves in the skin. this object has curvature to the rib caps and skin.
hey - the 777 has a one piece elevator/trim tab. calling it a flaperon I think. that might be about the right size and more likely to have the right curvature.
@ Tiny - Did I say that I know? I said "it appears". That's what's known as an opinion. Of course opinions are just like you, everyone has one.
You two are idiots. That is not an opinion.
This doesn't sound promising. If it were covered in shells, it was probably submerged for a long time. How did it suddenly wind up on a beach....well....we'll see.
How do whales get washed up weighing so much. Nature always wins.
I considered that, but how long does it take??
For something dead like a whale, not long at all. For metal.....who knows. Now if the shells were just on one side....that's different...then it's been floating for a while, and never was submerged. Not what the article implies tho...
Interesting....I'll wait a couple of days and be able to offer a much more interesting comment. Meanwhile, go ahead and start without me.
I will recommend that all posting ceases and desists until our resident expert--who "waits till ALL the evidence is in" (NOT)--returns to bless us with his presence. What an elitist maroon.
Or maybe he likes to wait until actual researched evidence shows up before making a statement, unlike some people who like to fly off the handle at the hint of something.
Michael...you amuse me but you must be incredibly stupid.
two meters is actually 6-1/2 feet
No, it is 6 feet two inches.
wrong Ronald. a meter is 39 inches.
39.37+ inches. I will give it to you. I lose.
guess i am wrong too as i did not include the extra third of an inch...so two meters is almost 6 feet 7 inches. the only reason i pointed it out at all is that if the article is going to give a translation from meters to inches, it should at least be a correct translation. after all, 7 inches can really matter at times.
could we have better pictures please
the woman in the yacht & fishermen saw the plane flying west... not south, and no one believed them. all that money spent looking in the wrong place.
Is anyone else missing a piece off of their 777? I think not.
its from a South African 747 from 30 years ago
I think that you're spot on. Just checked the wiki page on that event.
Makes sense...of course the people at Yahoo News could have done some research and added this to their story.
Inspection code on the part. Won't take long to track down.
If black lives matter so much,then comply with a cops commands to protect such said black lives.also quit shooting your brotha's.
US aviation "expert" Jess Wise is clearly a complete idiot.
I guess losing a wing is common in this part of the world?
whatever plane it is from.. It looks fairly large if that is just a small portion of the wing.
in fact it almost resembles a flap.
Every piece of every plane has a number stamped into it
except the little screws and hex nuts.
I see all the wackadoodles are coming out of their mom's basements to comment
BB670 is a valid serial number for a Beechcraft King Air 200.
Way to big for a King Air. It's a part of an interior retractable flap on a large plane
But this is B777 -- as in Boeing Triple 7 -- not a serial number, but a REFERENCE number.
I'm just disputing the statement "This code is not a plane's registration number, nor serial number.
john, oh, now I understand what you mean.
Hmmm indian ocean, seem to recall Naval Station Diego Garcia being somewhat close there.
And a great place that sells fish and chips. Once, someone ate a sandwich on that beach. CONSPIRACY!!!!!!!!!
Reunion is slightly over 2300Km from Diego Garcia...Kuala Lumpur ( the take off point of MH 370) is 5700Km from Reunion . Now, since the Boeing 777-200ER has a maximum range of over 14000Km theoretically it COULD have flown as far as the Falklands . . . Not sure what this piece of a plane is ,but I am not aware of sea shells accumulate on floating/drifting objects in such a short time (just a little over 1 year) .
Without the black boxes you will never know why or what happened
uh huh. the plane sinks to the bottom of the indian ocean, 4000' below sea level, and miraculously a piece floats away and found on a beach that folks just happened to be cleaning! riiiight!
Sounds like you know where the plane sank, since you know it was 4000' deep.
it says so in the article you big dummy!
Junk washes up on beaches all the time. You didn't hear about a concrete dock that floated all the way from Japan to Canada? You might want to stay informed, Snark.
uh huh! Again makes perfect sense.
So tell me this, do you really think a plane could go down that close to a United States Operated Naval Base W/O them knowing what happened?
Jim is still learning to read. It didn't say the plane went down in 4000' deep water. It said they were SEARCHING waters up to 4000 METERS deep. Nobody knows yet where the plane went down. It could even have crashed on land for all anyone knows. And people walk on just about every beach on Earth, so yes, it is possible for a piece of the plane to wash up on a beach and for someone to find it. .... you big dummy.
If you read between the lines, you can understand what is being said. you big dummy. Right people WALK on beaches all the time. The folks that found it were "CLEANING" the beach. Smells about as fishy as your upper lip.
My upper lip may smell like fish, but your's smells like men's gentitalia.
you'd b l ow yourself too if it were big enough. Don't be jealous!.
I have a wife who tends to that.
Looks pretty good for being in the ocean for over a year....guessing it is from another aircraft
To quote Steve Martin and Dan Ackroyd from that classic SNL skit; "What the hell is that?"
Hope it is a part from the acft.
It still doesn't tell them where the wreckage is located.
Those on a need to know basis remain on a need to know basis.
Missing plane? Can't be found on earth? Satellites? Radar? Sonar? Triangulation? Naval bases? Transponders? Beacons? Cell phone records and signals? Last known coordinates? Sea currents and flows? Computer models? Weather patterns? Stay ignorant. Continue to be blind.
Continue to use spray paint in areas without proper ventilation....
All of those cell towers out in the middle of the Indian Ocean surely kept beeping....
@Chris better that than what you do. Do you always swallow what they shove down your throat? @ Bill cell phone towers in the ocean? Thats what you focused on. Open wide! You must be Chris's twin brother.
@AD: Have you ever heard that saying, "if you can't identify the crazy person in the group, it's you"? Well.... IT'S YOU.....
@Chris... Have you ever heard... If it quacks like a duck and walks like a duck.....You continue to believe what they shove down your throat. I will continue to believe what I want.
Poor AD. You deserved my sarcasm you idiot.
"Quack" is an accurate description of those, like you, who support the alien abduction conspiracies! Yeah....I'm the delusional one....
Bill and Chris sitting in tree...... If you don't like what I wrote then don't read it. If it's not conspiracy then it's incompetence. Yes you are delusional. Have you ever walked into any government building? Have you seen their level of arrogance towards you, their lack luster performance, their redundancies, their wastefulness, you local DMV should be proof enough. Bill. sticks and stones....
I have seen some seriously delusional people on this comment board, but you are right up there competing for top spot. Of course you intended for people to read your comment - that is why you came to a public comment board and blabbered your idiocy. You are just having a tantrum b/c someone didn't buy your bs.
If anyone is having a tantrum is you. I posted what I believe, I post my ideas, I post my experiences, very rarely do I respond or reply to anything or any one except to defend my thoughts. I never said I dont intend for people to read a public board and I certainly do not care whether you believe me or not. I;m done with you and your twin. Have a nice day.
You are done with us? Hmmm...... Sure you are. Nutcases like you can't help but get the last word in, right? Got your little panties in a wad now don't you.
*Translation.... I'm going back to work on my time machine and ray gun.....(takes ball and goes home)....
Rachel Bertsche report on Donald Trump is a flat out lie but Yahoo wont let anyone comment on it
Its crazy that with how many people there are on earth and how sophisticated our technology is that a huge plane could just vanish like this
I think this wonderment was sufficiently express 16 MONTHS ago!
The wing section looks cleanly torn apart at the rivet seams....more like wing impact on the water, versus mid air explosion.....should be more of these floating about the area.....the growth rate of those sea shells, and known current pattern history.....should give a rough ball park area of where this wing piece started out.
Must have been a Holiday Inn Express.
When the flight recorder is found tbe sick chant of "allah akbar!" Will be heard.
Palestinian is another word for terrorist.
You say that as if proud of it.......
The debris found could also be from other missing aircrafts. Let's wait and see what is discovered about this particular piece of debris before jumping to conclusion, that it may be from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
I think it was Finland who did it. Never trust a Finn outside the sauna, as they say.
I made stool this morning. Twice.
Are you kidding me, you're sick.................
Ok, now go stick youre face in it Bill .
15,000 comedians trying to make a living, then we have Bill.
It's off the east coast of Madagascar
Lets hope it's from the plane and that they eventually find it.
Bout time they found the damn thing. It's now been confirmed it is indeed a 777 part from a wing
Well,at least a clue to one of the crashes that is unsolved. These parts are not just common trash that washed ashore...
"US aviation expert Jeff Wise has suggested MH370 was commandeered to a Russian facility in Kazakhstan, possibly an effort by President Vladimir Putin to intimidate the West during the Ukraine crisis, or to gain access to a certain passenger or item." Jeff Wise IDIOTIC 'expertise' really shines now. LMAO.....
CNN will be all over this 24/7
Hopefully it is....and this will be the beginning of some answers for the families....
I still think Ernest Stavro Blofeld is responsible.
This isn't anything. The Langoliers got it the first day.
Covered in "marine growth" or "barnacles", would have been a better description of the condition of said suspect part.must be a obama voter who wrote the article.
Looks like the lid off of a beer cooler to me...
Exactly like the beer coolers they carry on the Boeing 777.
I liked flying until the plane went down and me with it.
Can you imagine what wreckages they'll find if all the oceans dried up.
I'm no expert but it kind of looks like a chunk of airplane to me.
This could be debris from ANY plane......never did find Amelia Earhardts plane............
Keeping fingers crossed for those family members who still know nothing!!
I guess we wait a few days for the answer. of the number they found. anybody else lose a plane.?
Jeff Wise is an idiot.... Very stupid statement and assumption give even what little we know.
Boeing ought to be able to tell if the piece of wreckage was part of a 777.
I hope CNN gives this piece of wreckage its own theme music.
There will be no peace sayeth me until that 777 has been found.
Give me a break. Like it takes days or weeks to figure out what this piece of debris belongs to. Tell ya what, let me have access to Boeings computer system and I'll have an answer to you in 3 minutes.
Maybe instead of some conspiracy you're insinuating they're just being conservative to keep media off their back. Jesus, lighten up.
The Boeing computer system still uses vacuum tubes and magnetic tape reels.
Okay.. You cannot find anything for a year. The families are bummed ..nothing but bad press drop one piece of a the plane on an island..closure. You hijacked the plane.. same case scenario. This is just another scam. Find the WHOLE PLANE!
Closure? Hardly. This just throws salt on the wound and opens it up again. This will renew their efforts to find out what happened not squelch them.
what the futte!.. what you say ..is the trutt.. give me the whole enchilada!
Luggage washed up today, so... If the plane went into the water intact, as many have surmised, and it just broke apart under the high pressure of deep water and heavy current, then it makes sense that debris is washing up a bit at a time. Some will hit Madagascar, and some will eventually turn up on the coast of Africa...like the junk from Japan is washing up all along the West Coast of North America from Canada to Mexico.
LA.. keep an eye on that.
I told them how to locate the plane when it originally went missing, but no one would listen to me!!!
I told the searchers to follow the soy sauce slick
Covered in shells. This is not a piece of that jet liner. Was this piece washed up on shore after a storm at sea??? The Media leaves out way to many details.
While in your underwear from inside your trailer, you're able to definitively conclude something that the experts holding it in their hands cannot deduce about the shells attached to it? I think I'll alert the media and listen to you from now on instead. What a maroon.
@ Michael. You would do well to do so and listen to me. Any idea how deep the area they Think it went down is Mr. Non- Einstein??? Any idea how LONG it takes for shells to adhere to aircraft metal??? Can You put 2 and 2 together and figure this out?? I doubt it.
plane landed in Cleveland and all passengers were eaten alive
No way that is part of a commercial jet wing
Are you an aviation expert or an idiot?
is there a map of this Island. how far or close to the search site.?
"It was covered in shells, so one would say it had been in the water a long time," said one witness. It would have had to have been in the water more than a year, since MH370 disappeared. It takes years in many cases for sea life to start growing and it depends on how deep it is. The deeper it is in the ocean, the less likely it will be to have life growing on it.
Right, That's why it looks like a piece of the South African airways 747 that splashed down near there in 1987.
This isnt part of that Malaysian's last year crash........come on....why reopen rumor wounds..........
Well, they need to find out where that part came from.
Great, hope they find the rest and can figure out what happened.
Nope, it's from Amelia Earhart's plane !
At some point something has to wash up. The plane has to be somewhere, and the bottom of the ocean seems most likely.
Still waiting to hear what happened to the "plane" that crashed in Pennsylvania on 9/11. Last I heard, they were still looking for a plane, because all there was was an empty hole in the ground.
Will probably never know what really happened. Amazing a plane crash with debris.
one piece of something is not any kind of proof. need more than that to start talking about 370. please.
It depends on the piece. With a serial number, it's quite easy. As others said, there was only one 777 that went down, so any pieces from a 777 is quite strong evidence.
but....but....but....some nutjob general on Faux News told me terrorists hijacked the plane to Pakistan.
And he was right and they told him to stop talking about it.
couldn't be Malaysian Airlines. That one was beamed up to the Romulan mothership, right?
I'd know that piece anywhere, That the front left fender off my 1968 4 doorFord Fairlane with a straight 6 and a 3 on the tree.
Doing a quick google search on BB670 reveals that this is a piece of debris from asphalt paving equipment. Good job.
WAIT...........How can asphalt paving equipment crash in the Indian Ocean ???
Uh oh. I think your browser has been hijacked by Angie's List.
My point was to illustrate how the media jumps to silly conclusions. The BB670 IS an asphalt paver, but I wasn't suggesting that this piece of debris is from that type of equipment. Just that it is no more likely a piece of an asphalt paver than it is a piece of the missing plane.
Doesn't matter if 50 pieces washed ashore, they still don't know where the main wreckage is.
not flying ever - they upgrade meals, seats, luggage ... everything except safety want a network of circle globe bullet trains with fun stationtowns - start building
If it was under a lot of sea shells of some kind. Could of been there for quite a while more than a year & 1/2. And if it is, than there would have to be more parts in the same area. But the ocean is a big ocean that anything can travel for miles or years.
No missing 777 parts. If this is exclusively used on #$%$ a match.
"of" should NOT be used as a verb, idiot.
Junk has to wash up somewhere sooner or later. Look at the debris from Japan, it took almost a year to wash up on our shores.
They joined all the 9/11 passengers
It is obvious that the pro-American insurgents brought the plane down hoping to blame the freedom fighters. US propaganda immediately claimed it was a BUK missile. However, Russia correctly pointed out that a BUK missile requires a radar station over 20,000 feet. OPPS! Only the pro-Americans had access and ability to the local radar station.
Ummmm... Wrong plane Peter Putin. This is the first Malaysia flight.... And Russia shot the other plane down, everybody knows that you knucklehead.
@PeterAKAMoron: The muslim pilot of MH370 committed suicide and took all on board with him.
Hey Peter......a little FYI....YOU ARE A DAMN IDIOT......get off the crack pipe
@roy, well, the part of the plane may have developed magical powers that allowed it to float over all the land and make its way to the ocean...duhhhh
Peter, you showed the world how you Russians are still trying to cover up your mass murder. You should be embarrassed not only by yourself but also from your country.
Russian Conspiracy Theories - True American Conspiracy Theories - Crazy, Tin Foil Hat People, Far Right, Far Left, Anti-American, Anti-Government...
*Paid for by the US Government*
Let's practice critical thinking. Who benefits? It is the pro-American insurgents. The freedom fighters are winning.
For your own good, stay off the internet
Goodness, I really walked into a horde of US-paid propagandists...they're on me like flies on %&#$.
Where did the 3 thumbs up come from? The Kardashians?
No not propagandists, PETER, that would be you, and obviously your limited Russian education prevents you from seeing that you're STUPID and are discussing the wrong plane, and your brainwashing and ignorance prevent you from admitting it. prisoskyi petukh
@Peter: Wake up! invest in a passport and spend more time traveling.
Pyotr is Peter for Russian. Piotr is Peter in Polish. Really annoying how people get it wrong.
Thus again, showing how "overthinking" look a lot like "underthinking"
Peter, you still have not addressed the point that you have the wrong incident. If you are going to argue cornspiracy you might want to make sure you are talking about the correct event. And yes the typo is intentional.
Eric, that's a conspiracy theory. Russia did not do that! It was American-backed groups.
America brought the plane to Diego Garcia - last 3 points of contact came from pointed at Diego Garcia.
I'll give Peter credit - I didn't think he would post on this thread again after his first blunder.
AH-HA! Pyotr finally realizes he has the wrong plane!!!! Otlichno, komrade! However, your remarks now regarding the correct incident still demonstrate your stupidity, and brainwashing by the fascists in Moscow. Puppet
ALAN, the paid, pro-Russian fascist trolls get their grivnas and rubles for each post, so they make money whether they have the facts or not or, in PETER's case, even have the right story.
Eric, you think Beslan was funny? Go look at the pictures of the 344 children who lost their lives.
He never said anything about it being funny, komrade. He did suggest Russians were complicit. He was correct about that, and you're still a fascist Russian troll
I take it "peter" you are not an Amurricaan??
Moron - MH-17 versus MH-370. I hope you get paid by the keystroke, and you are investing those rubles carefully. You is certainly gonna need them. Peter - once a noble name. Not any more.
thanks ED good info to know for sure
I just wanted to post because my name is also Peter, but I knew this story wasn't about MH17. Just wanted everyone to know that it isn't a "Peter" issue. Lol :)
Goodness - never taken this kind of a beating in my life. I forgive all of you!
Even getting attacked by fellow Peters
Here's an idea, Peter. First admit you had the wrong plane - that you advanced the wrong conspiracy theory. Then we will address the murder in Ukraine - regarding MH-17. If that is your game.
Since Peter is obsessed with advancing the wrong conspiracy theory, let's talk about MH-17 Posted previously on the subject: * * * Not sure whether Yahoo is just slow on the upbeat, or whether they are waiting for the full report to be released, but this was announced on CNN over 24 hours ago. * * * First on CNN: Sources say MH17 report blames Russian missile for shooting down plane (CNN)—It's been nearly one year since 298 people were killed after a commercial passenger plane broke up over the Ukraine. U.S. officials concluded Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was struck by a missile and shot out of the sky. A final report from investigators has yet to be released but CNN has learned new details from the draft investigative report for the July 17, 2014 incident. Dutch accident investigators say that evidence points to pro-Russian rebels as being responsible for shooting down MH-17, according to a source who has seen the report. *According to the source, the report says it was a Buk missile -- a Russian surface-to-air missile -- that was used, launched from a village in Russian rebel controlled territory.* The Malaysian Airlines flight went down in the Donetsk area of Ukraine. According to two sources with knowledge of the investigation, a draft of an investigative report authored by the Dutch Safety Board, the lead agency in the investigation, has been distributed for review to numerous agencies around the world including the National Transportation Safety Board, Federal Aviation Administration and Boeing. * * * All objective evidence points to the Rebels, supplied by Moscow, as the perpetrators of this crime. When the Final Report is released, it will be official. Not that anyone on the world stage has the testicles to do anything about it.
Think about it, Peter. (Or don't, take your pick).. It was a surface-to-air missile that shot down the plane. A BUK (Russian-made) surface-to-air missile. The passenger plane was flying over a Rebel-controlled area. The only folks on the ground were Rebels, and they were bragging, in recent weeks, of shooting down Ukrainian fighter jets flying over the same area. The Rebels were recently observed (and photographed) dragging a Russian-made BUK missile launcher through the villages adjacent to the area where the passenger jet was shot down. You can scream "conspiracy theories" all you like. But the world knows you are a liar and a murderer. Besides, this story is about MH-370, not MH-17. They are apples and oranges. Moron. Respectfully.
Nathan - I admitted it. Flight 17 was the Russian conspiracy theory. Nathan, evidence does not "point". People point. Now, I believe my claim that pro-American insurgents took the plane down is strong. The evidence is overwhelming and beyond all doubt of a rational person.
"Evidence"? What evidence, you lying, fascist Russian troll? The "evidence" supplied by Moscow via all of their state-controlled propagandist media outlets, ITAR-TASS, RT, Rossia-1, Rossia-24? You MUST be joking. The EVIDENCE as determined by Dutch investigators has always, since the initial report months ago, concluded CONCLUSIVELY that the plane was downed by a SAM. Then Russia panicked and placed doctored, false video (PROVEN to be fraudulent by every non-Russian expert viewing it) on social media trying to suggest a Ukrainian fighter shot it down, and yet Russia itself had admitted last year that the closest Ukrainian plane to MH17 was two kilometers away. Previous to the fraudulent video, Russia insisted the cockpit of MH17 was riddled with 30mm cannon fire, yet the gun on the Ukrainian fighters has a max range of 800 meters. Russia can't seem to make up its mind which lie to run with. Putin has failed the Goebbels Law of propaganda....keep repeating the same lie. The fascists in Moscow are all over the place, just like all liars, especially those with blood on their hands.
Your original post, Peter: "It is obvious that the pro-American insurgents brought the plane down hoping to blame the freedom fighters. US propaganda immediately claimed it was a BUK missile. However, Russia correctly pointed out that a BUK missile requires a radar station over 20,000 feet. OPPS! Only the pro-Americans had access and ability to the local radar station." Either your Moscow masters need to give you more in-service training, or you seriously need to get your meds adjusted. Your schizophrenia is far outside normal limits.
William - one cannot explain the ration to an irrational person. Russia showed false video of a BUK system was actually in Ukraine based on the car sign showing the address! Ukraine refused to release radar data. Every expert in the world expect those supported by US propaganda says this is 100% irrefutable, undeniable, rock solid evidence that no rational person could refute if they are of sound mind. Nathan - at least William tried.
Nathan, it crashed in the freedom fighters' territory. It actually was shot down over the pro-American insurgents' territory.
As noted, your Moscow masters need to get you more training, Peter. Or adjust your meds. Their choice.
Peter, when did the insane asylums approve of internet access to insane fools such as yourself.
Not that it matters, Peter, but your claim, to wit: "Nathan, evidence does not "point". People point" is patently fallacious. Of course, evidence "points." That is the whole "point" of evidence. Evidence points, people lie. That is why I trust evidence, over people, any day of the week. Present company decidedly included.
Nathan, it is amazing the school system nowadays. Evidence points? Evidence speaks? Human beings point; human beings speak. Evidence must be interpreted. Human beings make errors or even worse they can make mistakes.
PEOTR, Evidence doesn't any more "speak" than what you claim it doesn't "point". Both are actions. If your argument is that inanimate objects can't "do" something, like point, then they also cannot speak. You really need to get Medvedev to hire you a better English tutor. Another example, you previously said to me that "...one cannot explain the ration..." yet that is incorrect. A ration is a portioning out a quantity of an item or items. You meant to say "rational", yet your command of English is so limited you cannot speak it clearly or articulately. This erodes your credibility, as if your original confusion regarding which plane we were discussing didn't sabotage your credibility already.
What is amazing to me is that PETER now has TWELVE thumbs up to his original post, cementing my assertion that there are at least a dozen ignorant, stupid, illiterate pro-Russian fascist trolls here to vote for him, even when he CLEARLY had no idea what he was saying!
Nothing amazes me anymore. Confirmation bias appears to be hard-wired in the human condition, exacerbated by blind nationalistic impulses. Myself, I am a citizen of the world. My country, right or wrong. When right, to keep it right. When wrong, to set it right. If I thought, for an instant, that the Russian trolls were right, and the West had anything to do with this Massacre of Innocents, I would be singing their Swan Song. My duty is to the Innocents, and their surviving Loved Ones. Russia, thanks to Putin, is on the wrong side of History. She has painted herself into a corner from which it is difficult to excape. Myself, I suffer trolls gladly. The Truth could set them free. Instead, they are committed to telling the Lie. They are Truth's greatest Advocate.
Hey Putintrollbot get a clue this is about MH370 not MH17. Go cover up your leaders mass murder elsewhere!
Get your "Peter "out of your A@$
Wrong plane crash for your conspiracy theory.
Peter call 911 right away and get some help. Remember, all morons need help!
Hey Peter! Great way of to show you don't know what you're talking about! Keep up the good work, goon!
That's what happens when the TIN FOIL HAT slips off !! Totally shorts out the BRAIN and you spew #$%$ about something totally UNRELATED ..... U make GUMP look like a GENIUS !!
Want some duct tape for that hole in your tinfoil hat, Pete?
Hey Pete, how can a part from a plane shot down in Europe wash up in the Pacific? DUUUUUURR.
Peter I have a Buddy that is an EWO on an soon to be RETIRED EA-6 Prowler on a Carrier. He has told me flat out that the Buk Missile system aka the SA-11 does NOT NEED a Radar to Attack a Plane. It has a Semi Active Homing System on it even above 20K feet. It just attacks the Largest Radar Return the Missile is GETTING. Which one would be larger a 777 or a Strike Plane.
lol - US propaganda permits Russian conspiracy theories but not US conspiracy theories. FACT: 9/11 was done by the US government! To deny it is to deny reality and truth.
Peter, there is still time for you to delete your post so nobody knows how stupid you are....
To bad Peter wasn't on either one of those planes. My god, how stupid are you?
The wing section looks to small to be a 777 wing part
The wing isn't just one big piece its smaller pieces put together
It could be a wingtip or possibly a piece of the horizontal stabilizer. The funny thing about crashed aircraft parts is that they rarely look like what they are.
Its a part of the flap system at the back of the wing. Not the whole wing.
Sounds like Jeff Wise isnt such an expert.
Much better article than the one on yahoo
I knew I should have kept pushing the button ( Lost ) .
Let's hope this is the start of something new.
I bet this turns out to be a false alarm!
I don't believe that wing piece just washed up., let see some closer pictures . I think someone put it these , it would require a huge tidal wave, to wash some the that up on a beach
Someone put it there? That makes no sense. How do you know what type of wave would be required to wash it up on the beach? Maybe is is boyant. All these so-called "experts" annoy me.
It's what I believe is true, based on the info. everyone has here own right to speak it. I makes plenty sense why someone would put it there, it's called publicly. I am sorry that you don't approve someone's or value anyone's opinion . Let's see some close-up's with this wing? if it was in the sea as long as it was , there be sea life living inside the wing ? right ? . nothing that heavy would not wash up on the beach , unless there was a hurricane , something of that size would be able to move it that far up the beach.
Please share with me why ., it does not make any sense ?
grabbing at "straws" TO FIND closure, SORRY, there will be no closure to THIS (so called) mystery.....
Why can't we just wait for the official results without the speculation? Geeezzzz.
Quick! Get Don Lemon on Im sure he can explain everything!
I don't believe it's from the MH370, many planes go down. this even could have been place there by someone, it would need a lot for something like that to wash up on some beach, I think someone one put there.
Virtually every part of a modern commercial aircraft has ID numbers all over the place, specific, in many cases, to a single aircraft. So this should be rather easy to connect to the MH370 airplane..........
Were there bullet holes in it?
I'm very interested in hearing if this is from MH370 but I don't think it will be. But it has to be from some plane and I would think it should be easy to figure out. It's not like these planes crash all the time.
"....the fate of the plane remains focused primarily on a possible mechanical or structural failure, a hijacking or terror plot, or rogue pilot action...." Focused? Huh?
That pretty much covers it. One of those should be it.
the police man is black and the debris is white. this looks awfully suspicious to me. racist cop.
Wow that really drift away from where the search was. must have caught the ocean currents. hope this brings closer to MH370.
Putin is mentioned even here (in the end of the article)... You, guys, are obsessed...
Several aviation websites are following this and have dug up several Boeing parts images that look VERY much like a match to this that would tie it to the MH370.
Maybe Missa, but you might feel differently if you knew someone that was on that flight.
jeff wise may not be as wise as he thinks he is. if so, the US needs a new aviation expert.
I guess "riot season" is just around the corner.
Wow, I saw that plane fly over my house last night!
Finally getting results from all our searching, great find ever came across this!!
What's your problem Timmy boy, after all the money and time in looking in all the wrong places, all we had to do was wait for it to wash ashore.
Yeah, I am sure they now know exactly where the main wreckage is now that this piece has shown up. You simpleton.
US Aviation Expert (??) Jeff Wise's suggestion is more than a little bit loony. How would secretly "commandeering" an airplane intimidate any one? More looniness polluting our "news".
Or as reported several patent holders for a semi conductor were on board and no longer hold the patent
The plane went back in time through a wormhole from the "devils triangle" to the "bermuda" triangle" and crashed.....solved!
...or it could have just been a few nut Muslims.
They can thumb you down all they want, but those of us who have been there and back, know.
I'd still like to know what happened to the "plane" that crashed in Pennsylvania on 9/11..... they still haven't turned up any debris or evidence of a plane...
That was a missile in the shape of a plane.
It's a plane that Orville wright flew for the czar of Russia back in the 06
When Pluto can be reached and photographed, not finding a plane crash on Earth after more than a year is.....fill the blank.
And somewhere there are Aliens probing those poor passengers and crew and are laughing their bodily waste ejection portal off at us puny earthlings
Funny thing is, if it was dumped or shot down near Diego Garcia, the South Equatorial Current would take wreckage directly to the area this flap section was found. HHmmmm.....and yet we point fingers at the Russians, all the while RADAR records show a different path. I think this is one for the X-Files......... Funny, how the conspiracy theory about Putin makes sense, but the conspiracy theory about us taking the plane to Diego Garcia was dismissed by....yep, US!! LOL....I guess we just take the word of the suspect now....and prisons are filled with set-up and innocent criminals.......
@robert...nice to hear from the blind in one eye, and can't see out of the other eye people.
That big crab on Mysterious Island must have ate them.
That Jeff Wise comment cracked me up XD
All the passengers have survived their in an island I know it I had a dream where my brother saeed told me
Based on the side view (profile) pic it looks like debris froma small plane, maybe a turbo prop type.
The pilot just wanted to feed the fish.
Here comes more pathetic flotsam spewing from Jimmie Shelter; nothing new here.
In a few days w will know if this is part of the plane. Then they can use the currents to back track and find the plane.
According to Obama and his cronies it is Bush's fault......
I love how many aviation "experts" there are posting on this story. I'll bet only 1% of you actually work in the field.
That part is the RH Flaperon of a B777
Is that a piece of a wing or a flap? It looks way too small to be a part of the wing...unless its from a smaller aircraft. Were there any other planes missing in that area in recent years?
Who are these "experts", these Jeff Wise, just like a Russian expert whose name I wouldn't be able to remember.........Better yet, why is AFP including these people in their "professional" articles?!!!
Jeff Wise and James Hansen are out of the same mold.
Warning: Can you say "red herring"? Beware, this is likely a plant! I don't buy it for a second!
and your opinion matters to us all
that plane is in Diego Garcia.............!!!!
Isn't he the shortstop for the Mariners?
You know, the Grateful Dead just weren't the same after he died.
That may be a Boeing part number stamped on that piece of wing?
If those people are dead which all odds says it's true there in a far better place
South African Airways Flight 295 747....................
I hope it's the wreckage. I would hate to not know what happen to a love one.
Lithium ion battery explosion was the caused.
I'll wait until they find out if the piece of debris belong to MH370 plane wreckage? So people watch what you all say be nice in your comments.
It could be part of the plane. Its sorta in the area of the Maldives and Diego.
Good info for the "families" of the missing.. And then there are those whose only "loved ones" are already on the other side..
I hate it when one says: 'So, one would say'.
" Im just saying " is another annoying expression .
The plane flew into the twilight zone! No pieces found belong to that plane.
Where there's smoke, there obviously has to be fire!!! So keep searching, the rest of the plane could not be too far away !!!
this part of a plane covered in shells like that.......been in the water at least a couple of years or more.
Not from a airbus, It isn't big enough and the airfoil cross section isn't used by Airbus.
Cue The Twilight Zone music.....doo, doo, doo, doo...doo, doo, doo, doo...
Looks like they may be concentrating their search on a line between La Reunion and Malaysia if it is part of MH370.
hope the families can get some closure.
Obama sold the plane load of scientist & defense technology patent holders to Russia or China, & Clinton foundation collected the bill..
Give me a break ! That part is off a small airplane and anyone with a 1/2 a brain can see that!
I fly General Aviation (aka 'small') aircraft, and I don't recognize that section from same. For one thing, it's made of some sort of composite, probably carbon fiber, which only a low number of GA a/c are made of; most are still aluminum. Also, as the article says, it could easily be a trailing-edge control surface, the size of which is similar to wing sizes on small a/c.
So apparently you have even less than 1/2 a brain.
If I had a half of a brain, I'd take it out & play with it
My work here is done ,just seeing if the self prescribed experts are paying attention.
Too late for CYA spin, Jim. Nice try though!
Nothing is obvious, all speculations .
Not a single thing found Flotation Devices, etc, But maybe they found part of Flap apiece of metal, sounds Odd, but I hope it is it, RIP
Worst article ever written..everyone already knows that the pilot committed suicide by crashing the plane DUH!
US government has the passengers and dumped the plane in the ocean
Any proof or evidence.....or are you just letting your paranoia rule your brain?
the US government trades living humans to aliens for research. they share a huge underground base in dulce, new mexico!
I'd still like to know what happened to the plane that crashed in Pennsylvania on 9/11.... Did they ever find a plane?? Last I knew, there was just a big hole in the ground.
Well Idiot it hit the ground at about 500 mph so it pretty much disintegrated.
well idiot,..... first plane crash in history to just leave an empty hole in the ground with no plane debris anywhere.... makes you wonder.
Anything to debunk Sean Hannity or Faux News wild conspiracy theories is a good day.
It's doesn't matter. right wing BS has no respect for facts. They will ignore all the facts and keep on with their BS for their devout followers! Give them time and they will connect Obama to the incident, assuming they haven't already!
Obama is a saint, right nightflight? Talk about a devout follower!
nightlight - Just ask Bill and Hillary, they'll give you all the "facts" you want to hear, including what they "know" about "right wing conspiracies.".
naw Obama has already blamed it on Bush.
don lemon said it could be a black hole.
and cnn wondered if they could link global warming to............asteroids proximity to the earth.
Andrew and Nightlight belong to the Rosie O'Donnell club.
One Piece.. Does not a wreck make. LA RE-UNION
Hmmmmm...I wonder if the 370 written on top could be a clue?
370 was the flight number, not a serial or part number.
OH FOR GOD'S SAKE, car boy, go to Walmart and buy a sarcasm odometer.
Nope, my sarcasm detector's battery went dead earlier today Brian.
Or this is a piece of the plane put there to be found. Governments can be real shady. Hence our own.
Ha ha ha. And the conspiracy nuts come out of the woodwork again.
Take a few mins and look up conspiracies that turned out to be true and you will be surprised. Im not a nut but I don't believe anything the media or our government tells us anymore. One day in my lifetime we will all finally see how we have all been lied to for many years.
It's the flap to Amelia Earharts plane.
It couldn't be from 370 because there's no way it could've escaped from the black hole that Don Lemon talked about.
why would it have been able to float? are there sealed sections?
One chance in a million that this belongs to the missing plane.
Probably closer to 1 in 5 max. There's not a lot of "unaccounted for" aircraft in that general area large enough for a piece of wing debris that large.
Jewhoo at its best, what a crock and sure, Putin did it
OR could possibly be bits and pieces of Amelia's plane.
I bet D.B. Cooper knows where the plane is.
Some people have been double dosing on their chem-trails.
The shellfish found it a while ago. Maybe they should be on the search and rescue payroll.
BB670 = panel location #. As in where on the airplane it's located..
Jeff Wise, aviation expert or expert of sci-fi novels? "[G]ain access . . . to a certain passenger or item.” Whoa! This is not Mission Impossible: 2.
A map! A map! We need a map over here!
Mike, to see where the wreckage washed up.
rooskies probably shot that one down as well!
.. it's clear that this reference would allow a quick identification. In a few days, we will have a definitive answer," Tytelman said. So you don't believe them?
If only bodies would be found so closure would happen.
You would think that this piece of wreckage needs to be identified as to what plane it belongs to ASAP .
Until identified it's part of a SCARY UFFO (unidentified former flying object)!!!
The probability is very high that the piece is part of MH370! Otherwise what other planes has been down in that area....
I build aircraft. I looks like it's off a small plane, maybe a 4-place. Lots of drug planes lost in the ocean, and nobody every reports those things when they go down.
where is this place at that sure look like a pland flap for sure and in today news why in the world dose it take a few days to know pick up the phone and youll know if there codes on parts gggggggg
With Richard Quest. I love that guy -- he gets all fired up when talking about MH370.
The cover-up is starting to unravel!! You see, it didn't crash and it wasn't Hi-Jacked. Well, at least it wasn't Hi-Jacked by Humans. What you have not been told is that .... Wait! There's a car just pulled into my driveway!! Oh, #$%$! Black Suits, Black Shades!! I'm outta here! Call MUFON! Tell them I hid the evidence under the ....#$%$*************
Apparently the plane was not piloted by Captain Obvious
It cant be MH370 it lacked the fuel needed to make it that far for a twin tower style of attack on the Eiffel towers..
Ocean currents can carry stuff a long way aways. Concrete docks from Japan take a year to make it across the Pacific to Canada. But they wash up on shore, too. Without sinking.
How did something like that float?
Don't be a dunce. Airplanes get lift from the shape of the wing moving rapidly through the air. You assume wrongly that a section of aluminum wing is designed to float in water. In order for anything to float on water it must be one of 2 things: either lighter than water (less density) or able to displace more water than it weighs it's self. The wreckage in the photo is open on one end, and would fill with water, so it won't displace very much water at all. So. It should have sunk straight to the bottom and stayed there forever!
They've known all along what happened and where it is. Diago Garcia
I guess the aliens missed a piece....
It crashed. it sunk to 4000 feet, people all dead. The end.
Hopefully it is a piece of MH370 so the CTtards can shut up.
I've seen CTRtard, but what's a cttard?
they should do a carfax report on the serial number to see if it was ever in an accident....in this case airplanefax
the plane was abducted by aliens and now is on planet zottar 13 million light years away.
Very fishy and I hate seafood.
Yep same airline that flew over a war zone. Even after this happened :[[
Wonder if anyone got sucked into the jet engines as it came apart?
So your prefered method of travel is......?
dam, this is sad beyond belief.
We all know who did it.
Maybe Emilia Ehrhart's plane. Or part of a UFO.
Let's say it is NOT from that missing plane - would they SAY that it is to sweep the issue "under the rug"?
The plane is in part of the ocean no body would expect ! One day it will be found
Not really. A crash in the southern oceans could wash debris up on Reunion.
This is it. More stuff will show up
Just like a tootsie roll lollipop....the world may never know.
code should be broken in seconds.
That's just one of Sarah Palin's used diaphragms...
A UFO HAS THAT JET and severial others!
MSN BB670 is for a Beechcraft 200 King Air which is a smaller plane and a twin turboprop not a jet airliner.
too much money has been spent on this already. those chinese are fish food
Hey Hendry...want a leg? How bout a wing?
Why has there never been any information from Diego Garcia the US annexed base which would have had this plane on its radar screens.......especially if we are to believe the narrative as presented by the MSM, yeah yeah I know this is a tough swallow...
Am seriously looking for nanny,driver,gatekeeper, chef,gardner for my family in London if you are interested in my family you can contact me through my email address (gomezdavid01@yahoo.com)
seems odd they don't just say it from MH370 - how many Boeing 777 have lost this part and would there be floating around?
"The United States has dismissed this" - obama regime cover-up, just like the one shot down over the Ukraine by a U.S. drone - just lie and cover up the evidence.
You really are delusional. RUSSIA admitted to shooting the one in Ukraine down.
The pictures seem to show the item VERY far from any coastline. Either there was some massive flooding or winds to "wash" the piece so far off the coastline OR there is a problem.
A piece of plane does not make it part of MH370 . There would be other wreckage . Something
KSHB channel 41 news anchorette Krista Dubill knows what happened!..The talking head glared into the camera long ago and said "MYSTERY SOLVED!!THE MALAYSIAN AIRPLANE CRASHED INTO THE INDIAN OCEAN WEST OF PERTH AUSTRALIA!!"..Don't know how she knows but boy was she mad..Its an NBC affiliate and she wanted Obammys gay marriage agenda to take root..No time for dead Asian non Democrats!
A quick search on Google and I found what it is. It is an asphalt paver. To be specific it is a Bitelli BB670 Asphalt Paver........... Sarcasim......
if it is from mh370, my guess would be that the plane crashed. in the ocean.
there were positive outcomes from the underwater search.....underwater mapping will be used by subs in case of conflict.. additionally, these same maps will help geologist in better understanding plate tectonics
The sea will give up its dead.
John: The sea will give up its dead. The Sea: Nevah!
when the gales of november rememberrrrrr
Why won't Edward Snowden tell us what happened to MH370 and where it is?
If there was a Research Sub like TV's "SSRN SEAVIEW" this plane would have been found long ago.
Sounds like they didn't "find" anything since they are looking in the wrong spot as I type. It's more like the wreckage found them.
So maybe they were headed for Yemen and didn't quite make it.
He just wanted to take everyone swimming.
Guess we know what CNN will play 24/7 for the next 3 days. I still like the Zombie and black hole theory myself.
...and it could be unrelated. machines fail, flying machines fail in places where it is hard to find any trace. Does Amelia Earhart ring any bells?
sparks speculation? sparks speculation? sparks speculation? now that right there is funny. I wasn't aware that the speculation had ever ended. it doesn't need a 'spark', trust me. not so long as you nutcases still breathe.
people wouldn't be carrying any part of the wing on that big of plane..
Aircraft components are actually very light, which serves the purposes of flight, and can be handled by a few people, as they are doing in the photo.
Hmmm ,last time we visited the Mystery of MH370, the forces to be try to push a manufactured story about some flight bag or hospitality bag shown up on a island ? now the plot thickens find bigger debris ? As John Lovate said as the greastest liar decades ago..Yehhh that't the ticket .The Mystery of MH370 the world is not yet prepared to know the answer of its disappearance ..sleeep...sleeep until we tell you ! or perhaps we will manufacture your suspense ..ahhhh that is the ticket !.
Think you mean Jon Lovitz, but cool story.
That piece looks too big to be a 777 flaperon, and too small to be anything else from the wing of a 777. The leading edge suggests that it's not a flaperon, but rather a part of a wing, and hence, to a MUCH smaller jet like an RJ7 or fokker 100.
u darn right people want to know CNN get someone in air if thay got parts codes on that peace few days my butt
I don't care about the people on board, I'm just worried about them finding the plane. I don't want the plane to show up on radar flying over my town with a bomb in it someday!
"I don't care about the people on board..." You're disgusting.
All passengers are working in BEIGING CHINA in rice fields very happy to be alive !
only one wreckage found ? Where's the rest ? JAWS marathon ?
They should know pretty quick from the bar code assy tags
What is sad ? Finding a piece of wreckage or finding out that the plane really went down in the Indian Ocean ? What is really sad that most experts and all the technology gurus have given up in their search ?
Watch. It will be part of Amelia Earhart's plane....
There was never a MH370 to begin with. It's a made up story to sell clicks on websites.
the piece is to small to be from the giant jet.
I'm still waiting for an explanation for the 9/11 "Plane crash" in Pennsylvania. They still haven't found any evidence of a plane
And we never landed on the moon. Get back on your meds before you hurt someone.
hey sheep... look it up and bring back some information..... because obviously you let the greatest tragedy in the last 100 years of American history go by unexplained..... Lots of people lost their lives.... lots of horrible foreign policy and military imperialism happened in the aftermath..... which also hurt our country. Are you people that heartless, immoral or just plain stupid to disregard such obvious inconsistencies?
Apparently, If you seek the truth, you hate America and should put your tin foil hat back on.
It could also be from a UFO ....
look on the island of Diago Garcia. rumored to be a group of patent holders headed to a convention , with the carlyle group involved (think Bush's) if the inventors out of the picture , the carlyle group stands to make a fortune on the patent involved .
That's not the MH370 plane. It looks like a drug plane wing to me.
The aircraft part "looks in reasonably good shape". Not to me it doesn#$%$ a shredded part of a control surface. That said, Boeing 777s have shed control surfaces before. Let's see who lost this one.....
what is mysterious about a piece of metal?
The mystery is....How does your brain generate enough intelligence to post your drivel?
Probably Just Feel OFF one of their Junky Planes During a Recent Flight
Since this article has no author listed...maybe Jeff Wise wrote it...since all he does is point fingers at the Russians when Diego Garcia is a much more viable choice since the flight simulator the pilot had in his apartment had a landing strip the exact size of Diego Garcia's runway. So, in other words, he was practicing to land this plane on a strip the same size as the one on that island. The fact the plane had a lot of Chinese high level computer techs on board and we have been hacked numerous times by the Chinese........ Funny thing is, if it was dumped or shot down near Diego Garcia, the South Equatorial Current would take wreckage directly to the area this flap section was found. HHmmmm.....and yet we point fingers at the Russians, all the while RADAR records show a different path. I think this is one for the X-Files.........
Silver bird come fly me away, Oh sheiet! what the phuch? We're going down!
It's a bird, it's a plane it's a chunk of plane.
Vanished without a trace. What b.s.. Boeing, Malaysian Air, and several governments have gps technology that make that claim ludicrous.
You clearly haven't been following this story.
If you mean believing the story the media puts forth, then no.
"This code is not a plane's registration number, nor serial number. However... it's clear that this reference would allow a quick identification. In a few days, we will have a definitive answer," Tytelman said.
MOVE ON - get over it, you Muslim rats and move on
That's three words that are abbreviated. But....
Maybe he can't count to three.
No wonder the whole world hates the yankess
Why? Because you're wrong and we corrected you?
What would the CIA have to gain by causing the crash of a civilian airliner?
@PTCS, the CIA is adamant on showing the muslims in a negative light ?
Rene, you mean showing their true colors?
A lot of people clearly are uninformed of the CIA's work, shooting down a plane is WELL within their realm of work.
Pass the common sense: Because they are crooked, like most entities of Federal Government. The President isn't even briefed on most of their doings, and it's been that way since the cold war. They usually operate with giant (sometimes unlimited) budgets with absolutely no congressional oversight. If that's not a recipe for corruption then I don't know what is. Look up the dirty history of the CIA and you realize that it probably is still happening today. We use the CIA to infiltrate, and take over the world one coup, one country at a time. I seriously thought everyone knew that by now....
Why they did it is anyone's guess however, all sings should point to the multi- billion dollar acquisition that happened due to the untimely death of some of the passengers who were on that plane. When the media points to everything else I would look there. But that's just my tin foil hat talking...right?
Chris: I believe that the CIA has the capability to crash it and does dirty acts today, but it will take more than that to get me to believe that they would bring down a plane so a foreign country could nationalize an airline.
Lost.. who knew it had the making of a true story..
let it be for the fam's
Tom Hanks sure could have used a piece like that...!!!
now "yall" just keep on looking for "BIG FOOT" lol.
Have you met your alien aluminum alumni ?
I taint believe they never did find nuttin....
Seems like this is way too far from where the plane could have flown to. Still, who knows if it floated it could perhaps have traveled from the crash site to this island.
I love all the dimwits and their "CLOSURE" horse manure
The French Indian Ocean? What, pray tell, is that? I don't think the French own any of the Indian Ocean. Or anyone else. It's an ocean.
Could it be the wreckage is actually from the Spanish Armada, curley?
Wow your stalking me. Cease and Desist at once.
Since you didn't provide an answer, I presume that you believe so.
Have some *FUN*.... Research exactly *WHO* was on MH370.... Now that the zippie-heads are gonzo, some Texas schmuck owns the patents....!.... Patents? What patents?..... Do you own research.... You sure won't read *THAT* ***TRUTH*** on yahoo....
why are they still wasting money on this? They are dead, face it and move on.
A BB670 refers to an asphalt paver.
We all know they went through a wormhole and are now colonizing another planet in a galaxy far, far away
You guys cannot take a joke
More like it's either your momma's, wife's or daughters....
Kaly, you are too cute hon....
JP! How is your "ruben "making out between your skinny sticks?
See, Kaly, babe, you are just not that popular... but ol JP is a fan, sure would like to bed you for a night.
Ha ha, for a cutie like you, all night long...
dude, MH370 is on MARS, the martians teleported it there, the sattelite got the direction right but it was coming from ABOVE it, not BELOW it!! /s
the CIA must have missed a piece.
Hmm the planes that keep flying through hail storms there and bad weather. Did they not choose the radar as an option? Fly at your own risk around that region...
"One, what would you say"? "I would say it has been in the water for a long time". "Thank you One".
maybe the cia put it there
well i hope this is it ,so a lot of famlies can have comfort,
370 landed on a island somewhere
@The Breeze: According to your logic, the 370 could of also taken flight to the Moon or to Mars.
No habla.. What does this mean in real money?
Is very important cue. Money for porski demjanus.
If humans are meant to fly they would have been born with feathers !!!!!!!
Maybe in the next life you'll be born a bird instead of a snake.
Feathers aren't doing ostriches much good.