Clearly Australia has already fulfilled its obligation under international law. The financial responsibility for extended search and recovery efforts must now rest squarely with the Malaysian Government. If Australia is asked to continue its role as coordinator it has to be on a "pay as you go" basis or they will never recover costs incurred. As this has turned out to be a rogue flight there is no guarantee that the aircraft is actually in the area where the search is being conducted. It is equally possible that it lies on the ocean bed somewhere en-route to the Middle-East, or in fact actually reached the Middle-East. If this were the case then the Australian government is simply burning money. Those responsible for the aircraft's loss (Malaysian Government and Malaysian Airlines - due to cost cutting and poor to non-existent security standards) must now bear full responsibility for all search and recovery efforts beyond this point. Australia has done its bit already.
not a chance its in the middle east. its a big ocean so it may never be found. but the chance it was a hijack is gone now
You're probably right. If the aircraft is ever found it may be that an improperly packed cargo of Lithium Ion batteries started a fire in the hold. Depending on where the shipment was located the fire may have burned through cables that cut connection between computers, transponder etc. Toxic smoke would also have entered the cabin and cockpit. I believe that it should be illegal to transport high-risk volatile cargo on passenger aircraft. Perhaps what the British female yachtsperson saw is a good hint at the aircraft's fate and probable location. But right now we simply just don't know.
Malaysians and their dumbness and stupidity have no limits. Why in the world would Australia split the cost with you?? Are you freaking kidding?! It's your plane, your national carrier and Australia helped in the search with their freaking resources and yet you expect them to split the cost with you??! How did these morons even get independence in the first place??
Australia has already gone the extra mile to find ( if it can be found) the aircraft. The deploying of that rather large ship pictured above , the Ocean Shield, as well as P-3 and other aircraft and warships, as well as the use of Australian ports and air force installations for the other search ships and aircraft involved in the initial search had to have cost them millions. Still, as the use of Australian faciities is essential for any further search , they will have to bear some additional expense and I would hope the Aussies would continue to make available the Ocean Shield as the primary sea floor search vessel, not because they have to, but to prevent the Chinese from turning a humanitarian operation into an excuse to try and steal the advanced technology that will be needed to have any hope of finding this aircraft. The US is simply not going to allow any of its own classified technology to be deployed from a Chinese owned or operated ship!
Sonar is a general class of technology, not a specific kind. Newer models with more advanced capabilities can be developed, much like radar. It stands to reason, then, that newer sonar sensors may be classified tech. If America, say, were to develop a sonar unit that could not only detect an object underwater, but clearly identify its dimensions -even better, the identity of the object itself- the government wouldn't go around telling all its enemies that we could see them coming a mile away. As far as I am aware, the most advanced sonar in the world can only give you a vague impression of what's beneath you. I may be wrong, however, since I am no expert. I was merely offering a possible reason to your question, Joking.
Since the plane is in the Bay of Bengal, they should speak to India about paying their share.
With all those millions being spent searching for a broken junk, they might as well give a million dollars to each family of the MH370 departed and declare case closed.
What has it got to do with Australia. Just because we had couple of people on board. The cost should be shared between Malaysia & China. Australia should be fully compensated for our effort.
Malaysia lost THEIR aircraft. They hindered the search by not disclosing information from the get go, cut corners on the locating equipment, and took a caviler/detached approach from the beginning. Let Malaysia pay for finding it...wherever it is.
Funny, 50/50 share with Aussie? Excuse me. Is your plane, your responsibility to find the plane. Period. Even if the plane crash in Australian water, it's a courtesy to joint venture to help to find the plane but expenses is to Malaysian govt. otherwise, Malaysian govt can sent their team to Aussie water to find themselves.
Australia has no obligation to try to find this airplane. It is not going to be found in the foreseeable future if ever and any spending is money down the drain.
From the article, "He said full payout would be made after the plane is either found or officially declared lost." How has this plane not been officially declared lost yet? Is it possible for a plane to be any more lost?
It's only been near 4 months, maybe it takes up to a year to fill out a lost airplane report....
I'd also imagine there's the semantics, too. In the eyes of the law, words are very important, I submit. There is a valid debate of "lost" versus "taken." I don't mean to play into conspiracy theories here, but there are inconsistencies that tend to suggest a hijacking. Do I think they could hide such a plane, in today's world? I really doubt it. They -whoever they may be- would require first world capabilities in the field of intelligence, and would require extensive training to accomplish this feat. It would also require monetary amounts that your average terrorist wouldn't be able to acquire. Still and all, however, it IS a possibility worth considering, and I'd think that such considerations would further extend the time before a claim can be confirmed. Just my thoughts on the matter, of course, and I am no expert.
I remember the Australian pm saying he was confident the signals were from the plane. Then we never hear from him again. How about keeping ur mouth shut and paying money. That's al ur good for
he is a real gw bush. that guy is the worst thing ever to happen to the land down under
Australia is America's proxy in this massive cover up.
Now, it starts to get ugly, as to who will pay for this. In the end, my guess is that the search will not take place. It's been too long, since they last searched, and too much money has already been spent. They botched up the first search so bad, that now, even if they do intend to search the new area, greed comes in, and no one wants to take the full responsibility of finding the plane, but, someone does know where it is, and not saying.
It is so funny that, the US government has spy satellites that can take pix of a person on the ground and track every movement,but, yet, I do not hear much from the US?? do we know something and do not want to share with the rest of the world??
Someone knows something, and is not saying. That plane just didn't vanish into thin air.
Si, the government is loath to reveal its domestic spying program. What would make you think they'd reveal advanced intelligence-gathering assets for a simple humanitarian purpose? These people are less than even pawns to the government, and they are not worth the outing of our capabilities (again, government's viewpoint, not my own).
Were I a venture capitalist, I would not fund this venture because the likelihood of finding the plane seems nil. It seems that the search has not been narrowed down at all. For all we know, the plane could have been hijacked and the passengers sold as slaves or organ donors.
At this point, money would seem to be best spent in remedy to the families.
@rockin52, I sure wouldn't be spending more bad money for the search effort. I don't even know if I would willingly pay these Chinese people squat for all the whining and tantrum throwing. Let the Chinese government take care of them.
Organ donors? Why are you telling that? Now you give others a hint how to get mountains of money.
Malaysia whould be responsible to foot the entire bill, this does not make any sense.
Why should Malaysia be responsible? That's BS. The majority of the people onboard were Chinese yet do you see the Chinese government offering ANYTHING???
Most people on the missing airplane were Chinese people, yet no word of the Chinese government giving ANY money for the search. If I were Chinese, I'd sure be asking why my country wasn't contributing money to the search effort.
If it were America, I'm pretty sure the government would tell Malaysia "this is your problem. Fix it." In fact, I really don't blame them all that much. After all the bruhaha that Malaysia raised in the immediate wake of the plane's disappearance, the indiscrepencies between the military and nonmilitary radar reports, this was a problem of their own creation, and they should be on the hook for 100% of the bill. They lost the plane, so by rights, they should find it; after that, criminal charges should be considered for all parties involved. I emphasize charges, not convictions. I do not know that this was anything other than a horrible mistake, but if there was negligence, it needs to be dealt with harshly. It is safe to assume everyone on board is dead, and that kind of loss is not something that should be overlooked.
The pilot of MH370 is still alive in Indonesian Island relatives' home. Go and ask him which direction he has set on auto pilot and when did he jump the plane before it started climbing.So it'll become easier to estimate the distand by it's flying power. The pilot might be a muslim exstreamist who revenged China on depressing Islam. Australians should save up these money for other useful things.
I wondered my self if it might not have been a failed drone test, and it was covered up by every one involved. I know sounds like 007 stuff, but after every thing else that is missing and or went wrong, with no explanation to blame it on, who knows.
@Daniel. What? You do realize that drones are unmanned right?
This bull about it being near Australia a farce. Maylasia knows where the plane is. They have known all along. Time to fess up.
add china to thay also still think the plane js sitting on dry land maybe even in china waiting for big payoff
@Cathy you're full of sheet. If they actually KNEW where the aircraft was, someone would have leaked it by now.
Australia tight-lipped on MH370 jet search funding? It's Probably America it pays for every thing except it's self in times of disaster.
@Daniel. Congratulations,you have just made a total fool of yourself on a public forum. Did you take the wrong coloured pills this morning?
Vanya, ask the people that were hit by hurricane Katrina, how long it took for the good ole USA to respond to them while every other country was getting aid for their disasters and from the USA......while war was raging in the Mideast, And this hasn't been the first time either.
I don't know if you have noticed Vanya, but you have three thumbs down, to one thumbs up, whose the fool now?
I bet this sonar must have an effect on the marine life some of them might be greatly affected by the frequencies used. I think the costs are so high and in my opinion is not worth it.
How typical Chinese that the Chinese are demanding payouts to the whole family. What other tantrums are the Chinese gonna throw here?
The Chinese government has offered ZERO, but yet the arrogant Chinese people are throwing tantrums at the wrong people.
@billybob You're such a #$%$ They sent an entire fleet of coast guard ships, military ships, military search and rescue planes. They've been operating since the plane went missing. You think its freaking cheap to run a fleet or fly military planes. It costs hundreds of thousands of dollars if not millions per day in fuel, food, personnel, equipment. And they did this on their own cost. Like I said you're a d#mbsh1t ignorant fool.
The victims do have a legal right to file claim for wrongful death. It happens here all the time in our country. Hell even ghetto trash like you can sue even though you deserve the beating from the cops because you robbed someone etc.
This whole situation has become pathetic and pretty laughable. I bet if the plane was carrying 50 million dollars of gold it would of been found 2 days after it was lost.
It probably WAS found within two days.
Aussie as been paying role of magician to hide the power struggle. Unfortunately, the people were sacrificed.
A lot of Australian are Malaysian origin anyway. These people do business there and pay taxes to Australian government. So, it's just fair
Split the cost...my #$%$. It's your plane, you foot the bill. Period.
As for the money side.....let Malaysia do the entire thing. Its their country, airplane, and fault. Australia could make a tidy profit on this even at $5,000 an hour.
Malaysia's a much smaller country than Australia. Besides, you've already gotten a taste of the competency level of the Malaysian government, or haven't you been paying attention? Malaysia would simply say 'we give up' the plane is in the ocean, here are your insurance checks. All of us who fly commercial airliners want to know what happened to that plane so we can ensure it never happens again. There is great value in locating that plane for that reason alone.
I don't think they are finding that plane this decade..... that said, I hope they find it tomorrow but things don't look good. You can't ensure every scenario unless you throw more money at it and obviously no one has the bucks in this story. Still the safest place on earth is an commercial airliner, unless you stay in bed all day.
China and Thailand need to chip in for this, too! They gave the world misinformation that took precious time away from the real search. And how about CNN, too? They wasted viewers time with their nonsense for weeks!
There's something fishy about this, and it isn't a 777 at the bottom of the ocean.
Strange things happen on this earth......this one is surely in the top 10. Doubtful you'll find it at all to me.
The Malaysian government is "full of it".. They screwed up from the start and now they do not want to pay the bills... lol...
Houston we have a real problem.
MH370 will never be found because it is not there to be found.... think about it!
Not once have they looked on land.
Stop the search. They are dead. Accept reality. The black box is below crush depth. It did not survive.
Bill the muslim countries - they caused the problem ... period ... end of
they might not even have the right area, the plane could have been anywhere i a zone about the size of half of the ocean.
Why search for something you have no clue good enough to start a search.
Process of elimination, mate. They searched a little chunk of the map and can rule that area out. Slowly but surely. One could just give up, but I don't think that would be the right thing to do. Besides, everyone who flies commercial airliners in the entire world WANTS to understand what actually happened to that flight, so this is not about recovering bodies, this is about understanding what happened and how to make sure it never happens again. That has significant value to all of us.
Looking in the wrong place....search in Vietnam's jungles and the Vietnamese coast.
Why is Boing not asked to do the search. It is their plane that is missing? Malaysia Airline System is only using it.
If you meant purchasing or leasing, sure. I have an idea, when your car is stolen, maybe we'll get Ford to pay for the recovery. After all, it is a Ford car, and you are only using it.
Boing should help, but if they sold a dud 777 to Malaysia airline maybe they would rather stay in the shadows. Cause even like ford, there have been many recalls, if the vehicle has a flaw that could hurt or kill people.
But Mr Rabbit, the Australian prime minister said he had almost found it !!
Let China pay for it, an economic superpower ?
They can't they loaned all their money to the USA.
And the US got that monies to pay for the search expense ???
Got to have an excuse to use it on something.............
From the very start Australia has been pursuing their own self interests and planning on making Malaysia pay for it. Otherwise how does one explain the earnestness and of Tony Abbott's hearing of pings and his undivided insistence that the plane was there?????? When he said two days ago that Australia will prove that it is America's staunchest ally what was he truly saying? Has he made proof of that?
And Malaysia has been pursing their best interests through the mishandling of this whole thing from the very beginning. They should pay for the whole thing simply based on their complete incompetence.
@Louis, as an American, I'd be happy to assist any Aussies out there by holding you down while they stomp a mudhole in your axx for those ridiculous comments. You obviously have never touched a history book or you would never have made such a comment about our friends from down under. Pfft.
Louis, you're talking about a politician. Politicians routinely say idiotic, and even blatantly false things to bolster their standing. Subsequently, they always become the subject of ridicule for their antics. I don't think this has anything to do with Australia pursuing self-interests.