Capability - Captain and First Officer Opportunity - Captain and First Officer Motive - The Captain had a physical problem that could not be cured, and he could not live with it. If his problem were known to others, he would no longer be allowed to fly, and he so loved flying, that he could not live with being grounded. At least one other person who had the same physical problem committed multiple murders, then committed suicide. The Captain planned his final journey on his flight simulator to be sure the plane would run out of fuel in the deepest part of the Indian Ocean. When the plane is found, they will find nothing amiss, and no clues on the black boxes.
let me read the story two more times before putting a final comment: in the meantime stolen by Russia [ NO ] on the contrary A Daily Flight was mistaken and shot down, the flight which was to be shot down was the Air India [ Delhi Flight ] instead the [ Daily Flight was mistakenly shot down ] , this is the real story of last year, during lunar month 2014 i played with the OUIJA board for the lucky lottery numbers, instead my fingers were guided to [ Daily Fright ] in the end i de coded it to be the Daily Flight which was MH 17. See Prime Minister Narander Modi was elected prime Minister and headed off for meeting in the Same meeting Putin was also there, setting up the BRICS BANK brazil, russia, india, china ., south Africa, After the meeting Prime Minister Modi plane flew on the same flight path two hours later or something like that, so was Putin's flight almost same flight path, The shooting down of the M H 17 was a result of a daily flight Any of them who shot down the plane got the wrong message of shooting down MH 17, this is my theory because if a plane is missing deliberately in this case of the MH 370, then it becomes a soap , a laughing stork , a daily gossip topic which results in a double occuring. in Lighter Karma's double occuring does happen such as forgetting keys at home and going back second time to get it, forgetting medicine in the car going back second time to get it, forgetting the cell phone in the office goingt back to get it, ( these are all double Karmas , the ones mentioned are light daily double Karma"s) ,, in the case of M H 370 bingo the plane was shot down, whether it was by the fighter jet rockets or whether it was a ground missle no one knows. Who knows if it was the same plane or MH 370 that no one except the authorities can tell or annonce. See being a aerospace person; and basic Knowledge; when the plane lost contact fighter jets are supposed to guide a plane back or fighter jets of that country are supposed to shoot at sight, neither occured, What occured was mixed signals to mislead everyone the location of the plane, lets say a plane is lost, the situation occured here is Hey My plane is lost maybe you can salvage it, rather than shooting it down, at least you can have the plane old boy, or hey rather than wasting the mother load 200 million ,, will you salvage it for me, in this international FLight these are the possibilities, or since the plane was found mixed locations came up, hey it landed in China somwewhere, hey it landed in Australia somewehre, hey it landed here or there. Even when the pings had signals nothing was confirmed [ but a disguise of the location ] so the original location plance could be survived. if it was on a plane. likely situation is the plane was salvaged by secretive people who are not saying a single word. reading the stories three times to four times each and as a aerospace person the likely possibility of the bodies all gone , buried, creamated, the air plane could have been returned to the mother country, resulting in swapping the MH 17 with the MH 370 aircraft carrier. Thats all i can recall from the stories, my OUIJA board someone knows the fact please spill it out so the ghosts do not cause a stir like poltegiest film of the 80's ,, its about time to announce it, if i announce it will cost you four million dollars i will beg the OUIJA board to guide me to the correct person, then it will not be interesting sir.
@Nono-Pupa - get a new OUIJA board --- your current one is obviously broken! Funny you claim yourself as being "a aerospace person" (that should be "an" aerospace person -- so obviously you aren't that well educated), but yet you fail to realize that every single part, from a rivet to a motor blade to an electrical circuit, that goes to make up a commercial aircraft, has an individual engraved number on it -- recorded by everyone in the entire global chain from the manufacturer of the part to the supplier of the part to the end user of the part. Which kind of makes it impossible to claim one aircraft (MH370) as being another (MH17)! Moreover, if an aircraft (MH17) crashes, the debris obviously contains many pieces made up of many parts, each engraved with their identifying part number -- and anyone (not just the infamous conspiratorial men-in-black) can access that parts entire recorded history from manufacture, supplier to end user. As for your "double occuring. in Lighter Karma" - maybe you just have OCD.
@Nono-Pupa - wow, way to go -- write a Bible next time huh? I'd say your OUIJA board is busted. You claim you are an 'aerospace person' -- and yet you fail to realize that every single part that goes to make up a commercial aircraft , from a single rivet to a motor blade is stamped with an individual number and recorded by everyone from the manufacturer of the part, to the supplier of the part, to the end user of the part ---- in order to track the part throughout its lifespan in the aircraft. Any wreckage found obviously has many part numbers stamped on them as identifiers of the aircraft - which anyone (not just your spooky conspiratorial men-in-black) can cross reference through the entire supply chain. Kind of makes it impossible to claim one aircraft as being another --- don't you think, Mr 'aerospace person' -- or are you suggesting that the entire global aviation industry, from all of the individual parts manufacturers and all of the global parts suppliers, and all of the workers employed in aerospace industries are in on the 'conspiracy'? And that's hundreds of thousands of people!
true,,, numbers can differ. enough time to change parts,, but that does not support my theory, get a new OUIJA board,,, no i can dowload and print on 3 D which will be cheaper boss. i will use the same but the Chinese Teep SEEn will be more effective since the passengers are from China, and they can dig out the fact from the Tip seen where the mishap happened. i wish the truth comes out soon,, or I am not very expensive get the TV stations to do a live OUIJA chat with mh 370 IN THE LUNAR SEVENTH MONTH AND FOURTEENTH DAY,, THAT SHOULD DIG OUT SOME TRUTH OR THE CHINESE TIP SEEN WHERE PEOPLE CAN COMMUNICATE WITH A SYSTEM '' ASKING RICE' WHERE OLD LADIES COME OUT AND EVOLVE INTO THE PASSENGERS, PILOT OR CHILDREN ON THE PLANE, THIS IS UNEXPLAINED LET THE SUPER NATURAL REVEAL IT AND EXPLAIN IT, NOTHING ELSE CAN BE DONE AT THE MOMENT. THANKS FOR THE COMMENT, NOTED BOSS CAN U DENY THE DAILY FLIGHT AND THE DEHILI FLIGHT... IN THIS CASE SOMEONE SHOT THE WRONG PLANE OF mh 17 THE PLANE WHICH HAD MODI IN IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN SHOT RIGHT ?
the lables can be printed in China within two days, pleases calculate the time of the first dissappearance and the second one.
for the pathetic author of this pathetic article, and of course the editor, you both are paramount of lowest grade, if not an amateur journalism,\: there we go again, the quality of your reporting, as well as editing so low, so pathetic you had to mention Russians cause otherwise I doubt anyone would look at your below the low childish-like quality cant even call it an article. Zero value, zero talent, zero intellect. Oh, by the way may be you could try some periodicals for kids, or who knows, perhaps for those who are mentally challenged, as yourselves. At least you would relate at the same level. Yahoo is not the brightest star of the journalism either but at least its a place where adults used to get their news, not little children, or God forbid some imbecilic morally corrupt individuals such as yourselves. Do us and yourself a favor, get into some other field like waiting on the tables or maybe clean something dirty because obviously neither one you has what it takes to write a good article, never mind to be a decent journalist.
--- and yet YOU read it, and even take the time to post on it. Which more than suggests that YOU are actually attracted to everything YOU claim to be of "Zero value, zero talent, zero intellect". There's no accounting for some people.
sure, to a chance to put them to their place, and you took time to read theirs , mine but don't know what the hell you are talking about.
@Edward - go back to school. Join a debating team. Learn how to place your thoughts in writing in a logical and rational manner. By doing so you just might learn that one can still get their point across without having to resort to profanity or derogatory language. Oh, and there is always 'night school' if you are older than normal school age. It's never too late to learn.
Just to be clear: the only person responsible for the war is Putin, who is crazier than nuts. He does not have a faintest interest in what his own people think about war, nor what other countries think about it. He went too far to prove that he, and his immediate circle, are just a bunch of ruthless looneys. There is no peaceful resolution to this problem, but only a military and a very expensive one: more sanctions, military support to Ukraine, etc. That's why there is very little sense to spend a perfectly fine day on such a toothless method of dealing with a maniac dictator.
@Putinol, your hypothesis is wrong, if Putin's people were thinking as you do of his indifference of war to his people, he would not have scored over 70% of his people support. It is just the opposite that his people see the West under the leadership of USA is trying to edge RUSSIA out, a move that compound the solidity of Russia for a united front against the bluffing the West.
Missing Malaysia Boeing 777 explained one year ago, echoed by NOBODY ever since March 15, 2014 Osama resurrects in video standing by missing Boeing 777 of Malaysia Airlines As the act Flight 'ended in ocean' is staged, a reminder: All explained by Last Prophet in August 2011, months after Illuminati staged "Navy SEALs team kills Osama Bin Laden". Illuminati Grand Master was forced to postpone it for nearly three years. ALL end-times-prophet.blogs+pot
Just some questions. Can a 777 be repurposed to be a bomber? Can the transponder codes of a one 777 be used on another 777? Assume one 777 is shot down when not in direct radar contact with air traffic control, but the repurposed 777 starts 'pinging' (is that the right word) the downed aircraft's transponder code on a parallel route. Could such action place a bomber over a major airport and city? (I imagine any surface or sub-surface based missile launch, capable of reaching an aircraft at altitude would be readily detected by one or more national defense networks but probably not for an air to air engagement.) Those questions come to mind when I read this story, I'm sure its occurred to professionals in various countries as well.
No, it takes structural changes that they can't make in 3rd world countries.
Was thinking the same thing Matt..they better look into this and fast....i can see terrorists using a plane again...this time with bombs on it...
They could not make it into a bomber, as James said, but it could be used to fly into a building like 911. So no need to try to convert it, that would be an impossible task
It can't really easily be turned into a "bomber", however it can certainly be gutted and filled with explosives or whatever else and flown into/over something and detonated.
China can make anything or at least copy it.
good theory,, i also put my comment its quite long hope you guys like it
OMG conspiracy people watch too many movies. Unreal.
@Joseph: Just keep your head buried in the sand. Your government will take care of you and tell you everything you want to hear.
Did the plane make indeed a U-turn and fly back over Penang and the Royal Airforce at Butterworth? Was it being detected by them? If not, why not and why nobody talks about it, as it should have presented a security breach for Malaysian air safety?
Sometime in the future, a submarine on a routine mission, will accidentally find the missing Malaysian airplane. Sometimes it happens that when you are not purposely searching, you accidentally find something that you have been missing.
Unless that sub is below 15,000 feet on a "routine" mission, that plane is gone. Get a grip. The plane went down in the ocean. The ocean is HUGE. BIGGER THAN YOU CAN COMPREHEND. It's deep, too. Even though what you read on the internet might make it seem like all things are possible, they aren't. If a plane goes down 1000 miles from shore in 20,0000 feet of water, it's NOT going to be recovered.
NOPE MY GUIDEANCE AND TCA IS TELLING THE FACT, I USE THE OUIJA BOARD WHILE TCA COMMENTS ON THE REAL PLANE BEING TAKEN SOMEWHERE, IT COULD BE ON LAND READING TCA'S THEORIES AND COMBING MY LITTLE THEORY AND MY OUIJA BOARD
One thing you can be sure of. By now there are satellites monitoring flights. An unknown flight wont happen again
It was shot down by the US anti-terrorism unit. Malaysia's Air Force already told Beijing.
WHERE WHEN DEBRIES ? BODIES ? APPRECIATE IT BUT WANT TO KNOW MORE BUDDY THANK U AND WELL DONE TOO
BUT WHY NOT ANNOUNCE AND MAKE IT PUBLIC THAT THIS HAS HAPPENED ? A SUDDEN VISIT FROM OBAMA TO MALAYSIA , THE CLAIM OF INSURANCE BY THE FAMILIES OF PASENGERS AND ALSO THE MAS KEEPING EVERY BODY SHUT OUT FROM THE FACT ??
hope t... v are staying tuned.. hope they did, but y people are not knowing this fact?? does Obama know, why not announce it officialy, im curious, plse tell us more about this
What makes this entire event suspicious is NO debris was found. Every plane that crashed into the ocean had something floating. Even the France jet that crashed and it took over a year to find it and get the black boxes. But there was debris. So without finding any debris, then there is something not right. I know that Ocean is huge but a year now and nothing has washed up along any shore. All the search plans, satellites, ships and nothing? Just leaves you to wonder, is this a cover up that will never be exposed.
Including all the flotation devices found under all the seats and luggage and clothes and bodies.
Thats right its impossible to not have debris. If it somehow landed like a feather and sank intact it still would have imploded in the depths where they think it crashed. A year later and absolutely nothing.
It is NOT impossible not to have debris. Are you an expert on aviation. If the plane enters the water upright, it is possible that it did not break apart.
vino not in the ocean it means, a guy T C A has put in an interesting clue story and my story will comibine which will try explaining what where it is, definitely not in the sea now
I'm going for pilot suicide like the Air Egypt flight some years ago, or, definitely a hi jacking....the transponders went off, and there was no contact from the plane. After a year, and no findings of debris, it's likely that it crashed, and disintergrated upon impact, or, it didn't crash, and it's somewhere in a remote area, I feel so bad for the families, there is no closure, and it is a terrible tragedy. I hope that some day, it will be found, so we can put this to rest.
We don't know if the transponders were turned off or if something happened to the plane to make them malfunction.
some day the truth will come out, there is a guy TCA he had given a fair remark,, hope you like it.
Egyptian pilots don't commit suicide. Egypt said so.
Meanwhile, why does the ghostly photo of a jet feature propellers?
THERE IS ALWAYS MILITARY INTERVENTION, WHERE IT IS, IT WAS LAST SEEN OVER HONGKONG SAYS TCS WHO IS RIGHT WHO IS WRONG .. ONLY THE RIGHT PEOPLE KNOW ...
whatever you think of nutcases, where oh where is some evidence? IF it was shot down there is no way you could hide all evidence, and if it crashed in ocean there would have to be some debris somewhere. Not a shoe, not a chair, not pillow, not a suitcase, phone NOTHING has been found. In every other "missing" or crash something has surfaced. and NO pings, nothing? hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Who is paying this BILL?? What is the breakdown by country.?? And who will benefit when it is found? They just found a BATTLESHIP from WWII...70 years and a lot of steel. This plane will be found someday.
Alien abduction, stolen by Russia, is not it synonymous now?
Its on the dwarf planet Ceres. That's what the shiny object is that the Dawn spacecraft took a picture of.
A cease fire deal? You can bet the farm, Bloodimir Hitlerovitch Putin included a clause for "autonomy" somewhere in that scam offered to Kiev. Bloodimir Hitlerovitch Putin has said, and his mouthpiece have denied any involvement in Ukraine, so why is he offering a cease fire deal? That would be akin to the United States offering an agreement with Canada on the cessation of French Quebec from Canada. Having seen Bloodimir Hitlerovitch Putin many times, I am convinced Darwin was correct in his evolution #$%$. That is to say, Bloodimir Hitlerovitch Putindoeshave all the traits of a Primate, check his eyes, face, nose, and the way he walks. Yup, Bloodimir Hitlerovitch Putin can check his heritage back to the Primates in the swinging from trees in the jungle. I would have mentioned, while horseback riding his "steering" a horse, but then maybe he used to walk behind a plow.
The planes were flown through a time warp and ended up in a parallel universe. The same phenomenon that causes what we call Deja vu. I experienced it once, and it was something right out of the twilight zone. I had been transported to the future, and sent back to relive an experience in which I knew everything that happened in advance of it actually happening. People write it off because they cannot explain it. The part about the planes flying through a time warp is just me trying to be funny, but the Deja vu actually happened.
well done with good imagination, i have also imaged a story and put it just few secones ago hope you like my version
@Djeli - There is no doubting that many people experience 'deja vu'. However that does not necessarily mean that one has 'lived' the experience before. As the human mind/thoughts/memory stores everything we see and hear (even from TV shows and movies and radio and music/lyrics etc), it is more then probable that no matter what we do or where we go or what we say, our mind/thoughts/memory recall a similar (or even exact) scenario -- which is why we 'believe' it has happened before. Children, whose brains/thoughts/memories are not cluttered with so many recollections (one has to see/hear/experience before one has a memory) do not seem to experience 'deja vu' --- which kind of makes one suspect the phenomenon is more than likely to be internal (brain function) than external (spooky parallel universe/multidimensional etc).
I had just turned 21, and the experience I had was in a jazz night club. I had never been in a Jazz night club before in my life. I knew what everyone was going to order before they ordered, knew what the waitress, who I had never seen before, looked like before she ever came out of the back room. ,knew what song was going to be played before the band played it, did not listen to Jazz before that, so I do not see how it could have come from my memory, or past experiences.
A little Russian troll info: There are two propaganda components to Putins online misinformation campaign. First, the "30 Ruble Army" or "3RA" is indeed a paid, professional, organization of mostly young, (under 35 or so) IT or similar individuals. Mostly male, and loyal to Putin. They are given script or "buzz words" to use continuously in their narrative. If they post enough, its a livable wage. The payment source is not available, of course. Some are VERY good at speaking and acting western or American.The second component are called the "Script kiddies". They are basically volunteers that receive a daily email, similar to what many political groups do in the US. The difference being is that they are given a similar script or narrative to use on global posting boards. They are usually the more aggressive posters, and usually give their identity away quickly.
Russia’s actions with respect to Ukraine are part of the Kremlin’s preventive doctrine, which seeks to ensure the survival of autocratic rule by restoring militarism and a fortress mentality in Russia.
Transponders turned off, plane landed in some remote area, cargo or persons of interest or both taken away. Plane, passengers, and crew disposed of. Sad for the families, but it's the world we live in today.
The fact that nothing has been after a year of intense search only means the information of the plane's movement is highly doubtful.
And also it is a big and deep ocean.
I think Russians need to understand that extreme nationalism is regressive and has some serious ethical and intellectual costs, as the Germans found out in the 1920's and 30's. I do not have to remind you what these extreme German nationalists became and how they behaved --- especially to Russia. I believe you call them fascists. And the cost to Russia was extremely high putting them down. Russia needed American and British help to do this. These Russian patriots are no different and they have been acting quite fascist lately. Yet they are so blind to what they have become. This is dangerous to both the Russians (as they harm themselves) and the world (as they harm others).
I get the feeling you've been abused or something by Russians, and I am glad you have since some potz like you deserves no less. or maybe you had a Russian girlfriend who took every penny you had, good for you. Find yourself a good shrink and make sure your prescription does get renewed cause no one can stand your stupid self`
The most believable story is the Kiwi oil rig worker who said he saw a plane crash off the coast of Indonesia.
Could not happen to a nicer bunch. For the second time around, the lack of a democratic government and any economic leadership will see to it that its over-invested military machine will rust and rot while its soldiers go unpaid. Sanctions were just the catalyst.
KremleMafia It seems your duty here is to accuse Russia of every possible crime under the sun..You can deceive a few brain dead zombies but your efforts are working against you..I am not Russian but am not that stupid.Yes Sanctions hurts but it hurts those that initiated it. I find it very disturbing when I read all this nonsense articles on Yahoo US, about Russian aggression on Ukraine or bordering countries,Youknow its a big lie..That Russian invaded Ukraine is a very big lie and the painful part of it is that you know that but you keep up feeding your shameless lies to the public,,WHY???????
I think some people like to have an alternate source, whether true or untrue, to credit or blame the unexplained mysteries, & evils of this world on. "I am a human being; nothing human can be alien to me" - Terence
Russian diplomacy key point - in order an organization to be effective Russia must have a right for veto. Because Russia is always against whole world!
Are you freaking obsessed with Russians etc cause it seems like you are getting a hard-on when you speak of them, keep the focus on your own damn self
Last year, after a couple of months of not finding any evidence of a crash, I joked & said it (the plane) was in the belly of a UFO. Now, I believe it !
Who did see nothing, having the largest orbital satellite network?
Why again blame Russia ? Why not to blame Obama ? He stole the plane, is sitting in back of the White House,lol Man, so much STUPIDITY. If you gonna buy everything, then Wee need to open lots of Mad Houses.
The French airline had lost one plane while it was on its way back to French from S./America, though for years the body of the plane was not found but there were DEBRIS of the plane drifting somewhere on the ocean. In the case of MH370, NOT ONE BIT OF THE PLANE DEBRIS was located. for a plane of that massive seize plunging into the most volatile India ocean, was it possible that the body of the plane could remain intact upon hitting the treacherous ocean? IF NOT WHY WASN'T there a DEBRIS FOUND? This leads many into thinking that the plane was somehow hijacked and landed some where around Indian ocean. The plane might have confiscated by the hijackers for some other purpose, probably for terrorist purpose.
maybe plane landed on the water and drowned, you can land big jet on the water (hudson river)
There is ample proof that the plane landed at Diego Garcia. If it was Sakhalin Island, then the U.S. would have invaded it long ago.Why is nobody looking at Diego Garcia?The meta data of the photo's received clearly gave the position of the plane, but then the U.S. rushed off to the Australian arena, That in itself is suspicious enough!And who reported the now long lost "PING" in the Australian search arena? Why a U.S. vessel of course!!The Great Satan strikes again!!
the guy t ca had guessed it correctly, i have also put in an article, so it is getting closer
@Kameni comment, Very sensible indeed. though no proof of it,
Like the World Trade Center, Diego Garcia was the target except Diego Garcia is strongly protected being a major spy center on the Western Hemisphere. Despite propaganda to the contrary DC has adequate resources and assistance available to collect all the debris and eliminate any opposition. Anyone finding debris becomes collateral damage. What is Obama giving the Chinese to keep quiet?
Good at war, bad at economics. Second verse same as the first...
Culled from the herd by aliens.
Strange things can happen. The so-called Foo Fighters of WWII for example. And in WWI the Angel of Mons. And in the 1950's I think there were some military planes that disappeared on a training flight in the Bermuda Triangle. One can't rule anything out.
The plane was hijacked by an extremist Indonesian Radical Muslim organization, Darul Islam, for future use against a high profile target.
Let me guess - next referendum is held in Kazakhstan. 3.5 million Russian minority living in north part of the country are ready for "referendum". Followed by historical Russian land BS.
100,000 people go missing every year never to be heard of again. alien food?
Oh boy, not the aliens fruitcakes. It isn't even that others deny that there might be a chance of life elsewhere. It is the fact that...given the state of our society, I doubt that they'd want anything to do with us. Secondly, we've pretty much destroyed the Earth already. I'm not talking about the "global warming" nonsense...I'm talking about the fact that people hundreds of years ago could find a clean spring in the woods and drink from it without worry. Now you have to filter it because the groundwater is contaminated with toxins. Then, on top of all of that...we all know where the initial "aliens" talk goes from there. Then they start into the nonsense of a "reptilian society" and start pointing out pixel errors in videos of people on tv, particularly government and leadership officials. Then the moon landings become "fake" and "recorded on Earth." Regardless of the fact that we have physically placed objects on the moon and they are there (including reflectors) to verify it. Heck, even the Soviets that hated us verified that. From there, it goes into the "illuminati" taking over the world...and then I start hearing about how the pyramids of ancient Egypt had the help of "aliens" in building their structures. It all goes downhill from there... For those of us that like to keep our common sense and not sound like a lunatic, we tend to avoid such speculation without actual proof.
You say those theories are nonsense yet you fail to provide any evidence other than hear say about the moon landings and who built the pyramids.it is known that humans did not built the pyramids by themselves and that duplicating those pyramids with today's technology is impossible.
"it is known that humans did not built the pyramids by themselves " Source please. No, that is not known. In fact, numerous theories (Jean Pierre Houdin is someone you might want to look into) have stated that ramps may have been used. Duplicating it with today's technology isn't about the technology. It is about gathering hundreds of thousands of people to work together under leadership. They excelled at that in ancient days of Egypt. Not so much nowadays. Employers can barely get one worker to do their job and stay focused. By the way, you can go to a laser ranging facility and have them beam the moon reflectors with lasers. Mythbusters took on that task already and they were there.
Theories and ramps MAYBE being used lol you are insulting the intelligence of the modern man.Even the most brilliant minds of today can't figure out how the pyramids were built or how to duplicate them.
Why is it so difficult for everyone to accept that A) none of the purported "experts" is 100% certain of MH370's flight path once contact was lost; B) the potential crash site is, therefore, an area hundreds of thousands - if not millions - of square miles of open ocean. As such, it may take decades to find it, if ever. And sadly, due to currents, decay, etc, the farther out it goes from 3/07/14, the less likely it is that it will EVER be found. So please: stop with the conspiracy theories, the alien abduction nonsense, etc.
You obviously don't believe aliens exist. They do. One evening when looking at stars I saw 2 dots moving towards each other, they stopped when they met, were still for a while and then they flew in the direction they came from. It had to be alien space craft b/c our airplanes can't do such things. I know what I saw. I wish I could prove it.
You are greal liat mr Yvonne. If you married i cannot imagine how he live with you all the years with nothing but your damn lie
You are a great liar mr Yvonne. Tell your wife this story
Shut up Sudassan, she can believe what ever she wants. She's not hurting you one bit.
It is amazing how galvanizing this topic is. Some people vehemently support the "official" version of the story, while others suggest its clear this or that happened. At this stage, nothing is KNOWN, and until facts become known, an open mind is necessary. Theory and reality often vary greatly.
Civilized world suddenly discovers that ordinary Russian does not honor human rights, freedom ,independence and personal security.
I said very early on that if you look at how long it took the authorities to locate the Air France plane on the bottom of the atlantic using towed sonar(almost 2 years) with much better location data and a much shallower ocean and then extrapolate the search time to the much larger and deeper search area for flight MH370 that I estimated it would take 20 or 30 years of non stop searching using two towed sonars.
well me an several dozen other people saw a ufo one evening up close in 1993 , clear summer evening and it was very big and very slow moving almost to a stand still no noise at all, watched it for maybe 2 to 3 min as it slowly moved away, big write up in the paper the next day where lots of people saw it, so a ufo could be, just saying strange things happen, see write up in hickory daily record in n.c. summer of 1993 i beleive, its on the net
Oh nice fairly tales stories.. Disappear ?? But no evidence.
I feel only sorry for the poor PASSENGERS, they had nothing to do with today's disgusting government AGENDAS AND FELL VICTIM TO SOMEONE'S horrible EVIL plans. I only pray for them. In this day and age, you just have to pray not to be in the wrong place and a wrong time I guess.
No one knows what really happened about flight MH370 because no one wants to be killed.
In the span of 45 minutes on Feb 8, 2015, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lievrov rewrote the history of the Cold War, accused the West of fomenting a coup in Ukraine and declared himself a champion of the United Nations Charter. The crowd here in Germany laughed at and then booed him, but he didn’t seem to care. When Lierov took the stage Saturday morning at the Munich Security Conference, he knew it was going to be a tough crowd. He was speaking just after German Chancellor Angela Merkel and ahead of U.S. Vice President Joseph Biden. For two days, almost all of the panelists at the conference had railed against Russia’s actions in Ukraine. The debates were not over whether Russia was a bad actor spoiling international security, but rather how to deal with that POS. He looked nervous, perhaps because Sergei Ivanov, chief of staff to Russian President Vladimir Putin and Lievrov's superior, was sitting in the front row, staring at him as if to warn him not to mess up [otherwise the ominous image of Gulag would materialize soon]. But none of that kept him from turning in an audacious performance. “In any situation, the United States is trying to blame Russia for everything," he said. "Russia will be committed to peace. We are against combat. We would like to see a withdrawal of heavy weapons.” Oh yes, pigs can fly, Putin is the most trustworthy person around the globe and Russian currency is the most stable one, ha ha ha. It seems the there is no lack of complete idiots in Russia - one to produce the BS and ones to believe in it.
If it were not Russia, do you think Germany could be liberated so quickly to become united for the two "Germanies". German shouldn't boo him but more thank Russia .
I am guessing could there be a SECRET on board that one of passenger might be holding something secret relevant to some superpower and the said nation just don't want the secret leaked, so she was taking all possible dirty mean to detain the "passenger" on board at whatever cost so as to prevent the secret being leaked.
I can't believe I'm admitting this but after reading all of his published stats and reasonings, I think there might be something to Jeff Wise's Kazakhstan theory. His sat pics of the former Soviet base and the recent activity at the location seems... suspiscious.
Uh, and the alien abduction theory?
probably china or some country shot it down and is just keeping it a secret.
NO NEED TO SHOOT IT DOWN, COS THE PLANE ITSELF IS 240 MILLION US DOLLARS, KEEPING IT A SECRET YES,, SOMEONE OUT THERE KNOWS THE FACT NOT DISCLOSING IT
EITHER DELIVERED TO THE COUNTRY OF ORIGIN OR SOLD TO THIRD WORLD OR LEASED OUT TO THIRD WORLD ANYTHING POSSIBLE, SECURITY DOES NOT BOTHER THIRD WORLD, AS LONG IT IS CHEAP NO ONE KNOWS THE PARTS NUMBERED OR NO ONE CARES I GUESS ,,,
OHH AND BODY PARTS DEFINITELY DONATED SOMEWHERE OR SOLD EQUALLY ... MANY UNKNOWN STORIES ... THERE IS ONE FACT WHICH CAN BE TOLD BY THE LUNAR SEVENTH MONTH AND FOURTHEENTH DAY IS THAT SOMEONE CAN USE THE CHINESE ' TIP SEEN BOARD' TO CONTACT THE PASSENGERS, PILOT IN THE PLANE AND FIND OUT THE TRUTH,, BUT IT CAN ONLY OCCUR TILL 2017 SEVENTH MONTH FOURTEENTH DAY ,,, OR CONTACT A ' ASK RICE WOMAN' CHINESE SINCE MOST PASSENGERS ARE CHINESE ONLY THIS CAN BE FOUND OUT THRU ASKING RICE OR TIP SEEN,,,, MY OUIJA BOARD CAN ONLY BE ENGLISH SO ITS NO USE TO EVEN SUGGEST
Yep, it was China. They would do something like that.
Russia shows hypocrisy all the time, condemning the bad thing but then also supporting it like ASSad in Syria using chemical weapons on civilians! Russia is giving aSSad all the weapons he wants. Russia is two-faced devil.
Since they don't know it will be almost impossible to find. More than likely one of these years someone will stumble across it looking for something else. Not impossible I guess for the Russians to be involved but probably a really big longshot. Some country like the US might have evidence from military sats, but won't want to reveal it to let others know what we can do. Sure the families want closure, but they also need to understand that untold millions and resources have been spent on this without anything to show for it really. All through history planes and ships have been lost and not found. Sucks but it happens.
Hi, I tend to agree with Advanti that some govt authorities could be hiding info in their possession for some political reasons. Suspected culprits include: USA, Australia, Malaysia, China. Please remember that 370 was believed to be carrying sensitive drone monitoring equipment which had been hijacked from the US military by the Taliban in Afganistan and these equipment had reportedly fallen into Chinese possession. So far the media had chosen not to mention such speculative info.
I guess you read Russian have decied it was little green
I sure wish tv shows Sightings and Unsolved Mysteries were still on. Real or not those shows scared the #$%$ out of me as a kid and I still enjoyed watching them.
Man you need to watch Monsters and Mysteries in America on Destination America channel on Wednesday nights - aliens, monsters, all that!!
Putin took down 2 Air Malaysia flights last year. One on purpose the other just through pure stupidity by arming a bunch of thugs.
ET aliens, en route to a big bash in the Antari Belt, stopped by for a snack before continuing on. The crew and passengers of the aircraft were the snack. I hear we taste like lamb.
Ya, they couldn't be bothered getting all the way to the restaurant at the end of the universe.
I thought it was Jeffrey Dahmer .
Why no investigation has been done on who was on the actual plane. Passenger lists anyone. Key members of an electronics microchip company holding patents to a revolutionary piece of tech and on their death or disappearance the rights to those patents falls to the remaining patent holder obviously not on the plane. Himself a member of one of the elite family in the world running the show. Smoke screens over smoke screens in a world made to enslave us and the best part is the majority do not even no it.... Plane landed in Diego Garcia, and everyone disposed off or used for some sinister purpose....
A year is a long time. Crash into the sea while maybe losing a part (wing or something) midair, then the debris floats around for a year and it could be everywhere. Plus, the ocean is a pretty big place so there's no reason to believe its not somewhere down there
I love Malaysia but I can assure you of their incompetence. That same incompetence is the very reason why they can't hide things.
There are a lot of stories, books, TV shows and movies, about planes disappearing like this especially on the last ten years or so. Predictive programming? If this happened all by itself that would be very interesting on it's own. But two MA planes had serious issues with fatal consequences in a relatively short period of time and then the AA (Asia) plane went down not that long ago. A lot of plane activity and strange activity. A group of Aspies on FB I belong to has speculated it might have something to do with the military testing some kind of time/space worm hole type thing. Or a new weapon. I have enjoyed reading everyone's theories. The truth is very often stranger than fiction.
And did you notice that every MA and Air Asia plane went down for different reasons?
Yes. And all of them to this day are speculative in the end. Many questions remain especially about the two MA planes. The MA plane that was "shot down". A credible Russian officer stated to the press on the ground that the bodies from that crash were already in an apparent state of partial decomposition. Which I find incredibly interesting. And you are free to think whatever you want. Many blessings.
It is NOT speculation that Russian backed rebels shot down one the planes.
Were you there Curtis? Have you ever heard of a false flag? Perpetrating a crime and blaming it on someone else to start #$%$? Please be a critical thinker and think beyond what the "press" tells you to think. There is an invisible war going on right now and you have to understand numbers, oil and money to see it.
ES42, finally someone that thinks outside the bubble, nice to see someone else out there that thinks that way I do. I have been called paranoid and crazy, but I always say. NEVER FACTOR out all possibilities.
No mater how cheap or convenient they are, there are certain airlines you should not fly if you value you life.
"On the last ten years" - Try in the last 60+ years. This one was aliens.
It was stolen/hijacked and flow to Kazzkhstan, although that may technically be Russia, I am pretty sure Russia does not control the area although I am sure they want to pretend otherwise. Interesting that a mod came out about a year ago referencing/addressing the e/e bay hatch.....pure coincidence I am sure.
In the hands of Aliens, that makes sense to me. Entities that have the abilities to travel interstellar distances would want our superior airplane technology.
Maybe they were after our "black box" technology! And now they have moved on, looking for intelligent life ! :-)
My god I never thought of that, those pingers would be ideal for nebula's.
PILIOT SUICIDE is the only explanation for the extremely strange actions of the plane. Pilot suicide, if you ignore the initial government denials seems to be very possible. The pilot just broke-up with his wife and girlfriend, the wife with child was moving out of the home. A friend of the pilot said he was the last one who should fly a plane. The FBI found on the erased hard drive from the pilot's home made flight simulator actions to those by the plan. To author, Jane Wardel. Why didn't you mention this possibility and instead gave us outrageously unlikely stories. Is it's Reuters policy to do no thought and publish all the misleading junk that has been produced by the copycat press. Did you do any original research or put some serious thought into this? I just a regular guy that was curious how this happened. If you read the original articles it's all there.
There are no Russian military bases or troops close to the US in Canada, Mexico or other American neighboring nations. There are tens of American bases and troops in European countries around Russia. Thugs and crooks shall be under surveillance 24/7.
The same people also brought down the one over Ukraine and the air Asia plane in Indonesian water . Air a is another Malaysian airlines.
We will find it when the terrorist fly it back somewhere loaded with a bomb and crash it. Why is nobody else talking about this possibility? The media did not really gave this much time. It was barely mentioned on a few net works. We are so naïve about everything. This is a real possibility.
OK, my take on this...we know that the plane went west to the south coast of the Indian coastline near the Maldives because there were witnesses in the Maldives who said the plane passed low over them and its markings were clearly visible to be a Malaysian passenger plane. These ' witnesses ' were summarily dismissed and no investigators has, to my knowledge, EVER investigated why these people were not interviewed. I believe the plane is in the hands of the US government, hidden in a US military base in the Maldives...and that's it!
Of course, in the meantime Europe is making sure it has other resources lined up. They learned a big lesson not to ever trust Russia.
Here's what happened. It was a religious crime. The copilot was very devout; he wanted to kill himself and everyone else for the glory of some god. He overpowered the pilot and flew the plane on an untrackable route into the middle of absolute nowhere. The plane ran out of fuel, crashed into the southern Indian Ocean, and sank. You want proof? I have none, of course. If I did, I would have turned it over to authorities long ago. This is pure speculation on my part. But I'm right, and I'd bet money on it, if there were any way to prove it one way or another.
The second possibility is that the plane's computers got hacked, and someone did all those things from far away. But I consider that possibility remote.
What a capture! Whatever bad happens in the World now Is Russia's fault.
Somebody knows where this plane is...
The one thing about this flight I really believe is that there is a cover up by some or all governments. There is something they are not telling us.
As John McCain said. Russia is nothing but a gas station. Russia has no industry, no technology, nothing. Russia cannot even grow its own food. Russia cannot even build its own warships. Russia cannot even build a car that works. Who cares about phony Russian propaganda. Russia is a joke.
yes Russia is a joke but yet you've commented on Russia about a dozen of times, guess what you are the biggest joke around here, fake #$%$ mafia wanna be, that's what you are, no more, no less, a little pathetic joke
Another reporter quits Russian news refusing to spread lies and misinformation protecting Pootin. BRAVO! When will paid Russian trolls like Eugene (and 38 idiots from his brigade) grow a pair and stop trying to spread lies on the internet? Comrade Eugene, have you know shame?
Yep. It's still an island in the Indian ocean. It's still a US military/navel/aircraft base. Current temperature a balmy 28°C and 85% humidity - rain with a chance of thunderstorms today through to Monday.
This has all the markings of part of Obama's plan to take over the world.
It wouldnt surprise if that plane was in Pakistan with a brand new paint job...
Its a little late now. They already smuggled in the troops and weapons. Unfortunately for Russia they have underestimated how much the Ukrainians hate them.
It sounds out of this world, but it could have been an alien abduction using tractor beams to take this plane to another place. A portal could have opened up in the sky to suck these people into it. It just seems so odd that there's no evidence for a crash after a year of searching the ocean for it. If it were hi-jacked, with all our technology, wouldn't this have leaked out to the public? There's been accounts of planes, ships and people just disappearing in the past.
I think that's as good a theory as any; since other theories can't be backed up by viable information. If the information was correct that it was seen flying low that indicates to me that it was hijacked. Although, I don't know how a plane flies when it's on automatic. I've read that it will go to the intended destination. That may have been messed up on this plane and it was flying erratic. There are so many variables to this that one theory is as good as another. I don't think it went down anywhere in the ocean and they're wasting time and money looking for it there. Need to look at other possibilities such as the jungles around there. That's just a feeling I have based on what I know.
Bloodimir Hitlerovitch Putin flag waving in Mongolia is not going to save his ugly faces. It has already been revealed that this ex-KGB colonel is a true scoundrel that cannot be trusted. Blatant liar and bully like Bloodimir Hitlerovitch Putin shall not be part of modern civilized society. His only purpose to keep humanity from advancing and moving forward. Keep him irrelevant until he is gone from this earth.
Many teabaggers on this flight I heard. Their ranting about socialism in the air ducts drove the pilots insane and they nosedived into a coral reef
Russian thugs throw Molotov's cocktails, burn ballot boxes, shut down helicopters and kill civilians. What Russian thugs wouldn't do just to skip learning the language of the country they live in.
This is a very strange case. NO debris, none.. So there is no hint on what happened to that plane. Was it stolen? Was it shot down after wandering off course? Did it perform a water landing and sink in 1 piece? Did Aliens take it? Did it fly through a time rift in the sky and land in a different time? Nobody knows. Hopefully one day we will find out.
Fantastic theories in themselves are not proof of anything. Fantastic theories require fantastic proof.
Hillary wants to use it as her campaign plane. Brian Williams said that he can fly it for her.
Waste of money to keep up this search. Who is paying the bills anyway??
The theory that seems most likely to me is that the plane was taken by some government for the 20 Freescale Semiconductor employees and their hi-tech hardware that was onboard. If you search google you will see that this story is NOT covered by any US news publications, which most likely means they have been blocked from covering the story by use of laws incorporated into the Patriot Act...
If the plane went down in the Indian Ocean, there would have been some debris that would have shown up. I think the plane was abducted by someone and because of that we will never know what really happened.
Most likely hijacked and going to be fitted with nuke or chemical to be delivered to a high profile target by a country that doesn't have a long distance missile delivery system.
What a frigging life in Russia. It must be so gratifying to know one is going to get up the following morning and simply lie his ahzz off unashamedly in front of the whole world.
dude you should check yourself, you are mental, how long have you been off your meds. oh wait a sec it must be seasonal I guess, the spring is almost near!
I said the day it went missing that this may very well be a UFO involvement.
Pro Russian side opposes the anti corruption laws. Why am I not surprised.
what I said is most certainly true, you are a freaking psycho, wont even get off that subject, pathetic moron.
I say Terrorists snatched it. It probably landed in Pakistan or some other unfriendly country. It is being painted different.. then to be flown over some western country.,like the US, or IsraelThe Made into a flying bomb, to be crashed into somewhere it will cause catastrophic loss of Life. ISIL, Al Quaeda, or the Taliban would be my best guess. The passengers are being kept alive to be used for Ransom in the future.
Hijacked and intact with complicity of pilot, by Islamist terrorists; being re-fitted in a remote location with a nuclear device for a low level future attack against Western interests.
Forget about these radar reports of MH370 turning around and vanishing in the Ocean. Start looking in the tropical forests of Vietnam.
Shot down in the Indian Ocean. It was very close to the Indian elections.
Please explain why anyone would shoot down a Malaysian airliner because of upcoming elections in India? Any proof? On second thought, I don't care.
Actually, it was originally stated by Scowcroft, but the story has since disappeared.
No doubt - the evil Putin began to drown innocent airplanes...
And also in the news today, they found a WW2 Japanese battleship sunk during the war. One of the largest battleships made, they knew the vicinity it went down, and now 70 years later, they found it. The plane could be anywhere in the ocean. It's like looking for a needle in a haystack of needles.
The pilots relatives should be watched for insurance scam.
A test Chinese aircraft or test weapon brought the plane down somewhere along the plane's intended flight path.
This is not the first time or the last time something will disappear in the ocean.
What is the point of this article? Most yahoo articles...
If MH370 went missing without a trace, those with the know-how to make that happen must have done it. Aliens, why would they bother? Russia? Hmmmm, it's not like deadly things haven't happened there recently... Would you put a KGB kingpin above secret blackmail?
As a totally disinterested party, might I suggest everyone move on from this point. Plane took off-quit communicting-never landed anywhere expected-no sign of crash. That is all we really know. The radar science and guestimates by experts could mean anything, frankly. If any missing people are alive they are being very quiet. Obviously we do not have the data to ever 100% identify where they are being held and/or might have landed.
As an aviation expert myself, I think it was destroyed by Vietnamese Sukkoi 35 fighters by mistake. Just like KAL 007. And the wreckage was removed the next day by vietnamese military.
Please don't. There are people who will take this seriously.
Plane - hijacked by ISIS for their next terror move passengers - ISIS recruits ?
I thought that it was pretty much settled that the Anglo/Sino alliance diverted the plane to some secret Chinese base because the plane was laden with Russian electronic eavesdropping equipment specially installed to gather telemetry from a secret joint English-Chinese submarine base in its path. The last bit of information was that the caucasian Russian spies were being waterboarded by MI6/CIA while the Chinese partners were interrogating the remaining Asian passengers. The Anglo/Sino alliances disinformation services meantime were alluding (blowing smoke) that the plane went through a dimensional vortex at Dragons triangle and had been teleported to another uncharted universe.
Oh PLEASE...the plane was ALREADY GOING TO CHINA...Just land...and transfer the equipment, and done....
That would make a good 007 plot.
So your theory is that secret spy equipment was on board that the Chinese wanted, on a plane that was going to Beijing, so they had to take drastic steps to prevent it from reaching Beijing by killing the mostly Chinese people on board?
It's now the flagship airplane of Crimean Air and flies from Sevastopol to Moscow. Those Crimean Russians did not have the money to buy one but they had the militants to take one! That's my story and I am sticking to it!
A co-worker of mine who spent years in military intelligence put forth an interesting theory; the pilot(s) told the passengers and crew there was some kind of problem with the aircraft and they landed on an island with a landing strip large enough to accommodate a plane that size. No panic, no passenger revolt. They would have thought themselves lucky as they were asked to disembark, thinking they would be airborne or rescued. The passengers and crew then are killed as it was preplanned by any number of radical groups. The plane would then be striped of "debris"; that is seats, luggage, life vests, etc. Things that could easily be transported and scattered at a later date as evidence...without having to produce the actual plane. This would keep the search efforts far away from the actual landing site for as long as necessary. This co-worker further speculated that the plane is being fitted as a flying "dirty bomb"; not filled with a nuclear device, but with radioactive waste, etc. Anything toxic that could be obtained...but not missed. And we are all aware, unfortunately, what groups like this do with such planes. Dude described this scenario to me calmly as he was eating this turkey on rye and I just about flipped out. It was the last time I had lunch with him!
You left out the part where they ask for "one milllliiiioooon dollars!!!!"
Then again, you could calmly ask him why anyone would go to all the trouble, when you can go out and legally obtain an older plane with adequate payload. There are plenty around for sale or lease without needing to go to all that trouble.
Dear Dinkydonuts, I think you are right.If you are correct, it can be done only by the Israeli's, because there were so many chinese nuclear scientists were bound for Iran in that plane. Certainly, the U.S. knows it.
Or, maybe the plane crashed and sank. In an area where no debris could wash up on shore, because of the currents.
I'm with Henry H. Of course the other problem is that there is like one island with such a strip anywhere nearby owned by the Indian military who don;t seem to have some motivation for doing anything like that.
I think I read that book.
It is so North-Koreanish! "Every new day becomes a day for Russian national defense. Kremlin daily trying to create the impression that Russia is in a state of war - if not with Ukraine, then a significant part of the rest of the world" - says political commentator of German newspaper Tageszeitung Klaus-Helge Donath. Sick mentality, indeed!
Just recall how difficult was it to pass a bill in US congress for US military presence in Europe. Now it is a piece of cake. How difficult was it to pass a bill allowing US export of oil and gas? Now - no problemo! Now Russia is regarded as an aggressor in whole world. Except in small club of rogue states, similar to Russia what it comes to stupidity, corruption and dictatorship - Venezuela, Zimbabwe, Nicaragua.
Russian didn't waste time to blame American for MH370 trouble.
@George comment on Russia, this shows RUSSIA under Putin has changed over from her past WARMONGERING attitude towards PRAGMATISM. If it were at the SOVIET UNION era, she would not be sitting there duck totally expose to the harangue of USA doing nothing in revenge.
Do you visit this forum and feel like being invited to Al Quaida/ISIS town meeting, where people spill the hatred, chauvinism and venom towards West in general and US in particular? Don't be surprised. These are Russian paid trolls trying to whiten Russia's dirty image by smearing other nations. That is their philosophy - in order to look better they do not behave well and wash their clothes. It is much easier for them to put dirt on neighbors and make themselves feel better. This is another link joining Russia with ISIS.
Baby, you've just post your comment in wrong article. And btw, most of the articles here are against Russia and russians, means, look, they are angry, agressive, barbarians and so on. So shut a @#ck up about "russians paid trolls".
MH370's first course change was indicative of a hijacking which immediately is redirected to its intended target (Two Iranian nationals had boarded using stolen passports) : "Malaysia's air force said its radar tracked the plane as it turned back, re-crossed the Malay Peninsula and flew out of range off the northwest coast.' That southwestern course leads precisely to the US/UK controlled military island of Diego Garcia. MH370 was used as an attack or drill of response exercise on those facilities by Iranian hijackers hostile to The US and UK. Flight MH370 was shot down but this was not divulged for public relations/political reasons. Flight MH370 will therefore never be "found" and has dropped from the radar of mainstream media.
"It does matter on our continent of Europe to make sure that we don't reward Russian aggression and brutality with appeasement, that would be wrong," Cameron told parliament. "That's why it's right to keep the sanctions in place, it's right to keep the European Union and America together on this issue and it's right to force P to get deeper in SH"
Well, seeing as how Russian marines were fighting along with the separatists in Donetsk, in full uniform, the cat's out of the bag now. Putin can continue to deny it, but even Russian state television has shown images of Russian soldiers in uniform fighting in Donetsk. This is how the separatists have managed to defeat the Ukrainian forces at Donetsk airport, with the assistance of Russian soldiers. I think it's fair to say now that what could previously be called a civil war is now a Russian invasion of Ukraine.
What has it got to do with the disappearance of flight MH370???
Russia is our enemy. Continue to starve the Russian economy of it's lifeblood...., the dollar. The US should continue to flood the world with energy, keeping it way below what the Russians need for growth. We should take to the destruction of Russian pipelines and terminals everywhere. Put more real and much more solid sanctions on the Russian economy, we can do it, we have the capability. The sanctions are just lightly restrictive, if we unleash those sanctioning powers, especially in capital, we can squeeze them as if in a vice. Russia remains the greatest threat to our national security. The regime in Evilgrad (Moscow) must be changed.
Putin was and still is a Commie. He is arrogant, a sore looser and a very dangerous man. He has never given up on the idea that Russia needs to, once again, become the Soviet Union. He was the former head of the KGB and still demonstrates their cunning and under handed aggressive actions. Putin always needs to be watched and handled properly. The EU needs to garner their strength and not let him get away with any more aggressive tactics. If not, they will be in the same position as when Hitler gained power and tried to destroy Europe. Just remember Europeans, history does repeat itself if historical events aren't changed. And do not depend on the United States as the one to take action first. This is your territory!
Ask the guy from Ancient Aliens.
The people that were on board are now drinking Alien liqueurs and enjoying Alien sex.
The similarities between Putin and Hitler are breathtaking.
I have thought since day one that it was a Terrorist operation and the plane landed safely on land. The passengers were disposed of either in the high altitude or after the plane landed. The plane is being hidden by camouflage or heavily wooded area, until it becomes useful to the Terrorists.
The truth: HAARP fired mind control signals to both of the MH370 pilot, then fly the aircraft to a mysterious island, everyone on-board is now being used for human experiment on a secret military-guarded underground base.
Is making absurd remarks that present you as stupid to other adults a trait of yours? I'm hesitant to judge you as a complete buffoon on just one statement.
No the Russian didn't stole MH-370, Its was the Alien escorted the plane back to their base. And they all taken to a labs to test our human beings. And will be back after the whole test Operation. Just stay calm.
Russian trolls need to stop talking, its war time!
I believe in Wise's theory. Russia is behind MH370 disappearance.
Kudo's to the Brits. More needs to be done to isolate the expansion of the old Soviet empire
This plan is now at a far away planet. Don't waste time looking for it. One day those passengers will come back and take us to the new planet and live happily ever after.
What a surprise, Russia denying something.
Putin wants to destroy the Ukrainian culture and The russians want to replace it with theirs. They do not allow UKrainians to speak or teach their langiuage in Russia. The Russians have absolutely no respect for other cultures. We know this by how Ukranians are treated in Russia.This all gs back to Stalin. Do not let the Russian Putinists influence you to what is really happening.
Looks like you first paid troll here...
during the vietnam war a B52 bomber was found sitting in the jungle fully intact like someone or something had just put it there. all eight crewmembers were still strapped to their seats. all were mutilated just like the cow mutilations. of course it was covered up and the whole area napalmed. another story from the vietnam war a squad of soldiers saw a UFO hovering over a village at night. they investigated the next morning to find the entire village people gone . aliens maybe?
Is nice failry tails stories. You should write scripts to made a great movie.
I dont think the alien theory is so far fetched. Supposedly the plane rose to some incredible height and then dropped back down to five thousand feet. The cell phones still worked. Not one mayday call. Never one shred of debris. How perfect to have snatched out of the air earthlings and its technology all in one fell swoop. It sure isnt the first mysterious disappearance of something so significant.
probably had body organs stolen for the black market. i like the alien theory tho
North Vietnamese troops said they shot down a luminous sphere over enemy territory...
Many people in Russia recall USSR with nostalgia. They forget that it was article in penal code 58.10, later Article 70 - "Anti-Soviet agitation and propaganda." Naturally interpretation of the "propaganda" is delegated to the authorities. Now this article is almost fully returned back to Russia. Bloggers can be easily sentences. Russian trolls, naturally, have complete immunity. However, some day the article may bite them too - if they do not kiss Putin's A^&s vigorously.
If this actually happened... it’s time to seize Putin himself, allow him to watch one of his family members nailed like as on cross so when his turn comes..... He "knows" what is coming and then nails him next to his family member!!! That’s NOT cruel, its "justice". And as far as justice, it only scratches the surface of what the leader of this Communist Country leader to see a close family member suffer the same event ...... then go real slow as he himself is being nailed as on a cross. There is now anything that could be done that would allow him to "suffer" what a member of his people/family endured as he himself were going to endure, slowly and painfully this "BARBARIC" act the any of his troops did for fun! Film it ALL and show it to the world by all means of social media... and show it over and over 24/7 for a year so people in peaceful Countries get to see it and those of non-peaceful Countries could view to show what the "PRICE" of this horrendous act will cost them !
I hear you, KM, and I applaud your feelings. Unfortunately, history is filled with leaders that use people as pawns. Indeed, the chessboard was designed as an analogy to political attitudes! In the US, at least we have the wherewithal to safely and peacefully protest and write to politicians. BUT, we need to, before we lose those opportunities! As Thomas Jefferson said, "the price of freedom is constant vigilance." In other words, democracy is more a responsibility than a right!!
When you read comments about how Ukrainian soldiers are defecting to Russia, remember this; Foreign Minister Molotov asserted in May 1944 that the number of Russians serving in the German armed forces was 'insignificant.' Actually, approximately one million of Stalin's subjects had joined the other side. It is more common for Russians to flee Russia than it is for anyone to want to go to Russia.
Just weeks before MH370 disappeared, the Chinese government had criticized North Korean aggressions. The passengers were predominantly Chinese citizens. Additionally, a stolen commercial aircraft would be an ideal vehicle for delivering a nuclear weapon. However, I don't believe the perpetrator to be North Korean. If my theory is correct, it may be inclusive of but, not limited to the DPRK.
Stolen by Putin personally, no doubt. Repeat in several times, the sheep will believe anything.
You would not belive but no. America killed 1 million people only in Iraq. This is true, sheepie
The next time any Russian says anything truthful will be the first time. A nation of pathological liars.
Well, USD is 65 rubles now, 100% down from a year ago! Oil prices are going down, and consumers prices are up 20% in Russia, with 8% inflation... Soon they will run out of currency with no new financing available. Arent those sanctions funny... ?!
Russia said where things are economically now, their held reserves can only prop up their economy and industries for less than two years. As it looks now, things will get economically worse as the ruble is continuing to drop, and combined with the mass outflow of commerce capital, Russia has about less than a year before total economic collapse...
The alternative theories have been ridiculed, and only the mainstream theory has been investigated. And the result? They have found not one drop of evidence after 1 year.
It took many years to find the Titanic, and they knew exactly where it sank.
1) They didn't have side-scan sonar back then to do the search. 2) The US government didn't spend one year searching for the location with all available resources. It was private individuals who had to raise their own funding. 3) They found plenty of wreckage from the Titanic floating in the area.
Sounds nuts but count me I for alien abduction. I mean if they can't find the plane...
It was the Senior Pilot, written in "Goodnight, Malaysia 370" which has been published. He was depressed and had a mental problem. He committed suicide and took them all with him. This is no longer a mystery, I always thought it was him--there was no other reasonable answer. One sure indicator: He always had a full calendar. His calendar was completely empty starting with that particular day.
ISIS? Around the time they started gaining numbers and attention shortly after. Just stating the hidden obvious.
Whatever happened on board that Plane may never be known. Two things stand out, Tons of material loaded with no Invoice and 2 so called Iranian Asylum seekers going to Germany and Austria via China. Check the amount of hours to fly from Kuala Lumpur to Germany/Austria. Nobody in their right mind flying with a stolen Passport would do such a long route.
Late, breaking news: It has been learned that MH370 had inadvertently flown aver a Japanese held island and was shot down. The survivors are being held incommunicado along with Amelia Airhart.
A small Canadian airline has a device in all of its airliners that reports its location every 15 minutes, the pilots CAN NOT turn this off. If the airplane stays from its charted destination the device reports in to authorities and sends a constant beacon… Its not rocket science, the technology exists TODAY.
When they eventually find it and are able to explain exactly what happened, these yokels will still cling to their fantastic little conspiracy theories. The truth is just too boring for some people.
The correct answer probably isn't very interesting.
Wartime consolidation, however, is short-lived, and it will eventually be followed by public discontent with the regime. This means that Putin has to constantly plunge Russia into wars or into a search for new enemies (external enemies are always better for producing the patriotic mobilization) in order to feed the militarist paradigm.
Sociopath, are you not tired yet to type every day propaganda?
Why learn Russian??? ... it will be a 3rd world country soon, like all terrorist supporting nations.
Russian ruble plunges to new all-time low as economy suffers? Good. Putin and Russia will get what they deserve and that is to be isolated, and to have a weakened economy. Moscow will pay for their aggression in Ukraine
Putin dreams of restoring the empire while Russia crumbles. He wants to take Ukraine when he doesn't have enough left to take Outer Slobovia.
You have to get into his head. Putin, like Hitler and Stalin is a cynical gambler. While feeling like he and Russia have been let down by the West, he seems to enjoy the risk that ruthless power presents. He still has cards to play...
Makes one wonder if Putin is mentally unstable. For one thing, Russian chauvinism is a mental illness. But Putin appears to be manic-depressive too. He is a danger to the entire world. A regime change is desperately needed in Moscow.
Best wishes from the free world to the brave Ukrainians fighting Russian aggression!
Putin's character is no secret, despite what George Bush thought after looking into his eyes. Putin and Stalin should both be sainted by Russian Church.
Something catastrophic happened in the cockpit and before blacking out the pilot(s) had just enough time to program the autopilot to return toward the nearest suitable airport.
Since it was the CIA who stood behind the plot to shoot down the Malaysian Boeing over Ukraine and blame it on Russia, it's logical to assume that the CIA or some other rogue group within US "intelligence community" was involved in the second Malaysian plane as well. Just my 2 cents.
Only fried idiots believe in aliens, because the hippie religion preaches perfection of Allah's pigs.
According to the last Pew poll 74% of Americans wanted stronger action against Russia. Obama is doing very little. Sanctions do seem to be having an affect. Hope for more.
It's sad to say, but it's a big ocean, who knows when or even if they will ever find it... They could be off by hundreds of miles, or they could have missed it by 50 ft....
At this point the plane could be anywhere. With what certainty do we know it's off the coast of Australia? Are we to believe the satellite data? It could be off the coast of India, Africa, or even the Pacific.
The media will go to any lengths to demonize Russia. They have no idea how utterly stupid they sound.
The media forced Putin to invade Georgia and Ukraine, and the media also has been assassinating Putin's enemies. Poor innocent Vladimir.
Who's blaming Russia? That seems unlikely.
So then Todd. You feel good about killing a million Iraqis? I remember well, they wanted 3 more months of sanctions, but the WH said nooooo. Its almost winter and we can get this done before then. Or how about arming "moderate" terrorist. There were people telling you "dont do it" but the WH thinks it can control the world. Now we have Nuland cutting Russias grass having the n@tzi gov telling here that the Russian speaking population wont be a problem. The one thing about the WH, is they get it wrong most of the time, and dont take the time to listen. Why dont you check who the world thinks is the biggest threat to peace?
Well it aint in your butt Dave or you would feel it. But Im sure that sooner or later, the media will come up with that option too. Hope you have lube.
It is true that I live in St. Petersburg and write comments for the Russian Federation on Western websites. The lies I write are ridiculous but the pay is good so who am I to complain? The bottom line is I love ethnic Ukrainians and everything they stand for. Long live Ukraine!!!
smlslk, put the bong down and go to bed.
Which one of me Matthew? Me, or Bornloser that likes to pretend he's me?
Lol A million Iraqis? Did you get the information from RT?
Well considering that Madeline Albright admitted on national TV that "a half a million children were worth the price", on top of the war thats been the US's longest, a million might be a low number.
UN estimates of total civilian deaths for both Afghanistan and Iraq combined to be roughly 200,000 and most of the deaths were not at the hands of NATO forces. Try again
Really? Then what was Madelin Albright talking about? Youtube it. 500,000 Iraqi kids is exactly what she said.
Sure buddy just keep trying to make up stuff you learned from RT propaganda
It's sad to say, but it's a big ocean, who knows when or even if they will ever find it... They could be off by hundreds of miles, or they could have missed it by 50 ft....
With no debris! No crash! Something always floats up! The plane is 97% composite! No plane has ever crashed without a panel, trim tab or fairing being ripped off!
@Tom -- Do you actually recall the amount of debris found floating in the Southern Indian ocean? Do you recall the size of the waves? ("The difficulty of searching for MH370 in a giant rubbish patch"). So much debris with basically none of it able to be retrieved because of the physical conditions.
Bush took it! Don't you know!
good grief ! you people at Reuters, should keep attacking Nety's speech. Do something your good at--- or keep defending Hillary. Now, its alien plane snatchers--- come to think about it. makes as much sense as the other articles you wrote
Rothschild Inherits a Semiconductor Patent for Freescale Semiconductors
Blackstone and Jacob Rothschild, beneficiaries of Malaysia Airlines flight disappearance ?
Rothschild Takes Down Malaysian Airliner MH370 to Gain Rights to a Semiconductor Patent – Getting Rid of Those Who Stood in His Way!
MH370: How Fatal is the Chip That Rothschild Reportedly ‘Acquired’?
With the Disappearance of Malaysian Airlines MH-370, Jacob Rothschild Became the Sole Owner of 'Freescale Semiconductors' Patent
THIS is what happened, and THIS is why our satellite video feed of this VERY body of water will not be made public. We know EXACTLY what happened to this jet and the people on it, but are not being TOLD what happened because it would bring heat onto our owner and master.
The American PEOPLE are pledged as collateral against the DEBT that our nation incurred when we went bankrupt as a nation. That debt is now owned by the Federal Reserve Bank, and it's shareholders, most of whom are kept secret. The FEDERAL RESERVE BANK is PRIVATELY OWNED.
Friday September 21, 2007 This week, former chairman of the Fed Reserve Alan Greenspan in an interview aired on PBS’ News Hour was asked by Jim Lehrer what should be the proper relationship between a chairman of the Fed and The President of the United States. In a shockingly honest tone Greenspan replies, "Well, first of all, the Federal Reserve is an independent agency, and that means, basically, that there is no other agency of government which can overrule actions that we take. So long as that is in place and there is no evidence that the administration or the Congress or anybody else is requesting that we do things other than what we think is the appropriate thing, then what the relationships are don't, frankly, matter.”
Finally, someone gets it. Simple as abcd.
Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego ? Find her and she will tell you where the plane is
MH370 Has to be someplace. No debris has been found. It's either at the bottom of the Ocean or sitting parked in a hangar someplace. I'm sure someone knows more than their saying.
Why doesn't the US Navy release its radar data on the ship? They had ships and planes in the very place where the plane changed courses.
And people saw the plane fly over. But nobody cares.
It's in China, China has the tendency to copy anything by stealing or.spying, to save the cost of.investigation on their own.
ooo ooo i got a good one.. 3 or 4 passengers had a patent and died and certain rich person now owns that patent.. how was it done. likely an emp inside a package in hull.. simple fake radio as an EMP.. sorry to say it but greed does ruin the world.
That is funny. .. any real journalism spotted? not here. ))
which is why i dont fly, how many planes went down last year?
Well at least the Conspiracy Deniers can always find validation in the absymal ""It was shot down by the Russians ""LOL
The plane hit 88 MPH and went back in time and is buried in a Mayan temple somewhere.
We always find things in the last place we look. They haven't looked in the last place yet.
I'm betting the plane landed under its own power on some abandoned military airstrip in the Philippines .
Bottom line........if you didn't hear from someone from the plane by now... You're not going to.
Call me lazy but I'm going to wait for the movie to come out.
Man wouldn't that be bizarre if it was aliens and they brought the plane back with everyone in it, and they think they were only gone for a few seconds.....hmm, movie rights. Yep, next book in the making.
you're a idiot with a bad case of Obama, maybe you should check with your doctor about that rash you seem to have, maybe some GWB cream might help
Are we offering up gut feelings on what happened to MH370? My gut feeling is that the pilot's high jacked flight got interrupted, when it cam too close to an American aircraft carrier.....it was vaporized....with the new lazar beam cannons.
It went through a worm hole and went back in time.
Not allliens...Too generic..It's martians who did it..I knew it!!!
Landing in DGAR (Diego Garcia)? Where in DGAR? The island belongs to the UK, there are UK and American military personnel stationed in DGAR. I am very familiar with this island and my recommendation is to look in other place.
It was Jesus. He opened up his hands from the sky and took them to heaven.
--- or it was Poseidon, who opened up his hands from the sea and took them to Hades. -----------------and there goes another magical pig flying over the rainbow.
really -- are we? Is that physically, like a bird (if so make sure you post it on YouTube), or as in currently sitting in an aircraft at altitude ---- or, off your head on some psychoactive narcotic?
jane wardel alien abduction? did you enjoy it !
@ djeli, write a book to explain how, what, when, where, who(m) and you don't have to say why it happened to you and/or your friends
I don't believe we have heard the last of 370
Research "QSR 11"………. that'll get the ball rolling. Take that back google has buried that information.
its at the bottom of the ocean. that is all.
that plane probably landed somewhere not in water. I am thinking somolia.
why not stolen by America ?????,,,, diego Garcia !!!
If this plane crashed in the ocean you would think at least 1 piece of floating debris would have come ashore by now.
The Carlyle Group, that is all you need to know about this missing plane.
I believe it crashed somewhere but not in the ocean, if it did you would have found something by now.
"Stolen by Russia?" Seriously??? People, wake up!
retired vet,Field McConnell,from abel danger dot net, will tell you what happened to MH370.
Stolen by Iran to deliver multiple nuclear warheads to DC or NYC
Get Molder and skull y back they will find it.
Landed in Cucamonga but no one noticed.
They are the new residents on the island featured in the hit T.V series Lost. That being said, their "fake plane" should be found shortly.
Hey.............anything is possible. Since I do believe that aliens have been coming to the Planet Earth for hundreds of thousands of years, then, who knows.
Heck while we're guessing and making it up. The plane has been turned into scrap and the people are being used to study torture techniques on our top secret island military base where they were landed. The pilot is now a wealthy man with a new life living in the US.
Im gonna go with aliens here and here's why.... There is no way in HELL that the combined efforts of the planets intelligence communities dont know what happened to this aircraft. It's just not possible. But I KNOW, with out ANY doubt what so ever the one thing that global governments will lie through their teeth about, deny, and play stupid with, is aliens......... Gotta be aliens....... **Adjusts tin foil hat and sips hot coffee....**
Why are the drunk Russian terrorists not in Russia???? This are Russians. What they have to do in the Ukraine, this pigs only bring terror... they should be hanged as soon as they catch them, for MH17.
Should scare you that some radical group could have hijacked this plane and have it to paint like a UPS plane or something.....the governments need to put more resources into finding the truth
heres NOT a theory... ISIS has claimed they have 11 747's. search the last 10yrs for missing planes over on that side of world. u will see the astonishing truth
This article completely fails to mention the importance of who was on-board this flight....MANY countries could be the culprit for the disappearance of this jet considering the importance of what the plane was carrying.
laser beam need to be used before war in order to improve effects.
It was the alien thing. Yea,definitely the aliens.
You lose keys, check book, or a cell phone. How do you lose a plane?
They were taken to the island of Diego Garcia
oh so now blaming the aliens? what's next?
I think it was hijacked and sold to the highest bidder on the black market. After all a new Boeing 777 cost around 300 million. Even a portion of that would be worth it..!
Who was Phillip Wood and what did he do?
Anyone remember the 90s film "Millenium"
It's as good a theory as any other, farfetched, maybe. time will tell.
An alien abduction ........... wow!! Beam me up Scotty!!
it went out of atmosphere and decentagrated
Russia had nothing to do with it, ergo, Aliens did it !
IN THIS MODERN WORLD WHERE EVERY ONE CLAIMS TO BE THE BEST......HAVE THE BEST......YOU MEAN TO TELL ME PEOPLE THAT WE STILL DON'T HAVE A CLUE......ABOUT ANY THING......HOW SAD.
dead horse, please stop beating it...
sounds like a new movie script
Boeing 777?? Proof read your work!! Back to editing 101 Alex.....
You are all out of your minds! It wasn't Alien nor the Russians, MH370 disappearance was done by China. China shot and obliterated MH370 out of trace. I know I have digitized the video of MH370 being shot down by China's J31
The Loch Ness monster swooped out of the sea, grabbed it, and took in below to the city of Atlantis.
The same alien power that took MH370 was probably responsible for the dissapearance of all 6 aircraft in Flight 19.
it was the CIA that shot it down. no it was the Chinese, or Maybe it was the Russians.
it was shot down by them....and they are covering it up.
ET, SADAM, PUTIN HAS IT! No IS has it! I think, Chinese has ii, hidden underneath the smog. It's underneath the US embassy.
The MH370 plane has defected to join Air Rajneesh fleet of airplanes...
I tend to lean towards Alien Abduction(s). Either that or we've entered into the age of Soylent Green with these passengers and maybe even the Boko Haram abductees being processed into little green crackers.
It seems these ultra modern; electronically stuffed airliners are complete in all but one aspect. An on-board, independent, satellite reporting system which can not be interfered with from inside of the plane. A system which will continuously report its location, speed, direction altitude and other operational parameters of the plane. A plane worth hundreds of millions of dollars; brand new and full of souls. Apparently not worth the effort to design and install by either the manufacturers or required by the owners. A plane, if going down in an ocean, miles deep, drags its "Black Box" with it to those depths instead of ejecting it as it hits the water with several other GPS reporting devices with high intensity strobing beacons. Breitling makes an aviator's watch with a GPS beacon but they can't put one in a plane??? If I were the owner of a fleet of extremely expensive aircraft, I would require to know exactly where my planes were at any one time. This whole debacle is one of the biggest farces ever seen on the planet. The only thing it seems to accomplish is to garner arguments by the dozens from one end of the planet to the other by people who know about as much of the mystery as the next guy..............................
PEOPLE! You don't lose a 330 million $ jumbo jet, ever! It don't happen, It never happened, And will never happen, EVER! the worlds governments are jerking us off. even Boeing knows what happened to it, every country near the so china sea watched it drop off radar. YOU DON'T LOSE A 330 MILLION $ JUMBO JET, EVER! MORONS!
yeah what happened to the story about the Illuminati destroying it because they hijacked an important patent from the inventors that were on that plane?
We have not been told all the details (ergo, the "truth") by the authorities and I don't believe we ever will learn it all.
It is parked in my garage!!
Let's just go with the Faux "News" theory of a black hole. People know all about them, and it would be PERFECTLY plausible.
Soooooo, you're saying it flew into Hannity's ear?
The GOP should hold "Congressional hearings" where they accuse the President of shooting down the plane. Might as well.
They've tried just about every other wacky idea from suing the President because he wants the poor to have health care to impeachment, lol!
It was Bush's fault according to libtards.
Indeed, the deepest recession since the Great Depression (also caused by conservative/non-interventionist Republicans Harding, Coolidge and Hoover), as were the Wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, loss of international prestige and 9-11. Indeed they were Bush's fault, as well as those that unfortunately and naively listen to war-mongers and reactionaries like Newt Gingrich, Karl Rove, Oliver North and Alex Jones. Should I add Sarah Palin and Dan Quale, lol? In every other country of the civilized world, those on the previous lists are an utter joke, especially George Dublya!
Adios Third-World Russia. Enjoy your xenophobic Middle-Ages.
another smoke screen to keep the sheep from panicking. 370 was abducted by aliens just like all the other people thru history. only now the aliens are going for wholesale lots.
russians are the ultimate bad guys of the world, we need to police them.
Bloodimir Hitlerovitch Putin said "Of course the friendly army of Russia is not invading Ukraine. Who are you going to believe : Russian propaganda, or your own lying eyes and all of the evidence?"
Russia is dropping bombs on Ukraine, but it's still OK to buy our gas so you don't go cold, as long as you pay us on time. They're just "so nice." Doesn't Ukraine get to deduct the amount owed for the damages?
Was this the plane shot down by Ukraine fighter jets or the other one that just vanished?
The other one. Also the Ukraines or Russian rebels shot the plane down with a surface to air missile.
RESPECT THE FAMILIES STOP MAKING BAD JOKES
Tell the media to drop it. They're the ones we're laughing at.
we got enough aliens running around America so no more even if they are from space.. our luck they'll want welfare too .. Obamas intergalactic dreamers
It's in China. Always has been
Ahh not more illegal aliens! Obamas intergalactic dreamers
Toppled by US Navy US has got long background in toppling civilian jets
and the conspiracy theories keep going :-))
Stolen by Israel is more like it.
Time travel: the plane was stolen, then sent back in time to 9-11-2001
Who cares what russia says... Arabs in Yemen are
This article DOES NOT relate to your comments. Post your comments on an article that does relate. Sheesh -- there are more and more morons every day.
Russian Fibonacci series - every year casualties in WWII are incremented by another million
Flight disappearance as a distraction just before crimea invasion. Just connect the dot.
satellites can read the tag on your shirt, think the gov. doesn't know more than they are telling?
The plane is not lost, its location is know by a few.
its getting packed with a nuclear device and anti radar equipment and heading to America soon. and yes, all the passengers are dead and buried. no witnesses. and not just a nuke, a big one.
Only a barbaric country like russia can kill its own sailors that died in the submarine Kursk while the West was waiting for permission to rescue them !
"MH370 theories keep coming" And in another breaking story Tinfoil Hats sales skyrocket.
Many Russians still have fond memories of the imported "Bush legs"....looks to me, their near future will be "Bush legs" for breakfast, lunch and dinner.... a very bleak future - caused by their fearless POS leader - Dictator!
You everywhere. Working hard? Did you get rich lying?
A Chinese blogger warned Chinese not to fly air Asia 13 days before it was bought down Citing the black hand would act again soon.
Relax the true story is for whatever reason this plane is lost at sea and no one really knows where...sad but true...no real mystery...just a real tragedy ..the ocean is very vast....God rest their soles....maybe sometime when we least expect the flight will be found...until then there is much more on the world scene to worry about....
The jet is worthless, the lives are worthless. It fell into the ocean, deal with it.
Mh370 was hijacked and subsequently deflated by the patriot ball boy
"Noting that special protocols had to be completed before Russian troops could be sent abroad." Molotov-Ribbentrop pact.
Abducted by little yellow men !
Naaah, it was the Chinese. They stole the plane so they could rip off ideas for their own soon to be released plane! Nuke them, #$%$, Nuke them. for once McCain will support you!
" What in the hell is going on with the planes , what, in the hell is going on with the, A ufo Flying By a UFO in the SKY....What in the Hell is Going on with the Planes.......LATELY they ALL just SEEM to Dis - Appear!!!!!!!!! What in the Hell's going on with them Planes...????
spectre took it by having a giant sub encompassing it. send in 007 to find it along with some beautiful women
Putin did it The cloaking technology is not longer available to one country. Remember the atomic bomb secrets?
Necessity is the Mother of all Inventions. Necessity in Russia is a everyday life but it does not lead to inventions. LOL!
america did it . anytime there is any trouble in the world look to america for the start of the trouble .
"Absolute power corrupts absolutely. I have all the power comrades" - A. Putin.
"There's always a way to land grab" - Bloodimir Putin
Here we watch the middle stages of Russias collapse, completely done by Putin and his cronies....
STOLEN BY JEW-YORG AND THE PENTAGONOVITZ?
☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠ ☠☠ Kremlin + KGB ☠☠ ☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠☠
I think focusing on passengers list and their expertise and affiliations will put an end to those conspiracy theories!!!