So we find the thing at the bottom of the ocean. . . now what? We want the CVR and FDR - right? OK - but, someone/something shut down power to the transponder. What are the odds that that same person/situation shut down either the FDR or CVR or both HOURS BEFORE THE THING RAN OUT OF FUEL? And even if they WERE recording and if we can recover them, since the CVR only records the last many minutes of sounds in the cockpit and since, in all likelihood, there wasn't anyone struggling for control over the aircraft in these last few minutes - - - IF, anyone was even still alive - - - then what will we learn from the sounds of the engines spooling down as they starve for fuel? Sorry to be a negative nelly here but even if we recover some of MH370 - aren't the odds spinning in the direction of still being left very much in the realm of conjecture? Will we be able to determine who was at the controls when the thing ditched? If we can, after all this time - will we be able to confidently decide whether that individual was still alive at the time of the ditching? Sorry - - but I feel the evidence is wasting away if it is even there. As with others that have gone before, I fear this is going to be a mystery forever. BTW - did anyone ever confirm the climb to 40k after departure? It was initially reported and then discussion of this fact seemed to die off - quickly - with no further mention. If true - wasn't this an obvious act to squelch the lives of anyone not on the flight deck? Climb the thing, pilot goes on oxygen, dump the cabin waste gate manually and wait a few minutes - - - no more pax.
It is crazy how good that image is of the shipwreck... technology gets better every day.
I can see naked ladies and all I have to do is pay for internet
Image guy...and the reason why they can't find MH370 is quite simple. It isn't there !!!!
Johnny: paying for the internet is OK but it does not touch you back. Remember that!
"technology gets better every day"...but your teeth don't.
You can make out "SS Minnow" right on the side.
Check out the big fish or shark on the right side of the photo.
@ Bob - You get the "Best Reply" Award. lol
One time when I was fishing I had a rod in a rod holder that slid out and over the boat and sunk in the water. I was only in about 6 feet of water and that rod and reel was worth diving in after so I did. First try I dove down and came up with rod and reel...except that it was not the one that went over and was extremely rusty and ruined. Several attempts later I was able to retrieve my rod and reel, but I have never been able to figure out what the odds were that would happen...probably lower odds than winning the lottery.
what does your story have to do with this headline?
I was on a party boat off Galveston, and something in the water took my rod & reel right out of my hands. Later a man caught a little shark which had my hook in its mouth.
Phil, read the article -- they were not looking for a shipwreck, they were looking for a plane -- so they found something they weren't looking for. Same with James finding a rod & reel while looking for his own. Same with somebody who found my hook they weren't looking for.
I was fishing in Marina Del Rey, Ca. I accidentally locked my reel. Something took my bait and over the rail went my pole. A second later my friend and another fisherman had bites on their poles. They ended up reeling in my pole and the stingray I had caught.
Stop killing animals. That's the reel issue here.
Nah,we're not gonna do that,tkmh.So what's your next step,huh?
The real issue is that you need a rod shoved down your gullet to silence your moronic drivel.
This is probably how the wreckage of MH370 will be found decades from now. Somone will be out searching for something else and happen to run across the wreckage.
I know right, it'll probably be some kid wandering thru the jungle somewhere that finds it. Also why are they searching just the ocean and not on land somewhere?
Maybe they should start trying to find other shipwrecks and then they will find MH370.
it will probably be found by an 8 year old boy playing hide and seek in the jungle of Maldives not more then 50 miles from where they lost contact in the first place. A kid who cant read or right will do for free what 50 countries of billions of dollars and ph.D's cannot do because they let their fancy gadgets think for them instead of using their brains
It won't be found until the next millennia......................
sam...please be careful. You're getting dangerously close to the truth.
@wife ....."A kid who cant read or right ".....LOL apparently wife can't "write" either!!
So what is the era of the shipwrecked vessel? 19th or early 20th century? Does it have any historical interest?
Yeah, it's like if they were looking for a body, then found another body and said, "Eh, that ain't the one we're looking for. Let's keep searching."
No kidding! A little detail would be nice.
That's the USS Hope and change
From the black and white pic it actually looks like a shipping container, but the article says something about being able to see an anchor and lumps of coal.
Yeah the ship is why I clicked the article. I want to know more.
The only way to find out is to figure out what ship it was.
@Darrell, if you were looking for one body and you found a different body, you would stop searching for the first?
It says they sent in pictures for identification. They dont know but are trying to find out
Yahoo just frustrates the #$%$ out of me writing an article about a ship wreck found, and blah-zaeing over it like it just wasn't important.
Know what would be really crazy? If they found an airplane wreck... and it WASN'T MH370!
Crazier yet, it they found an airplane wreck......from the future.......
It be crazy if it turns out the be Amelia Earhart Airplane wreck
@John Well if the people looking for Amelia Earhart had similar equipment I thing that search would be over by now. You do know they are searching for her in the Pacific Ocean not the Indian Ocean where MH370 went down.
Or if the ship sank on top of the missing aircraft.
would be a pretty cool movie Tolyngee. Bravo
or what if they found a DeLorean.....
Or they found the starship enterprise..
I heard from my cousin's uncle's daughter that Ferris is down there with the Ferrari. He was giving a ride to this older guy named Hoffa or something like that. Said he was going to a union meeting....
Maybe the plane is completely intack, and they are all playing Bingo waiting for rescue!!!??? (^_^)
yeah idk what we would do if it wasnt intack
What if the wreck has fake skeletons?
They'll find OBL before they find 370
ill, OBL has already been found and killed over a year ago by Seal Team 6
a ufo came and turn the mh370 into a ship
Or...They find the wreck...it is, in fact MH370...but there are no bodies to be accounted for. Or, the bodies found are not the same as the passengers listed on the manifest...someone call J.J. Abrams
mh370 landed at the Bush ranch and George bush is waiting for him to be blame for the plane desaperance.
Or if they find the rift that the Kaiju come from.
and it was Oceanic Flight 815 !
craziest of all... Flight MH370 arrives at Beijing 10 years later as if only a few hours had passed with everybody on board safe and sound. Plane enters a time warp and travel into the future. We will have to rethink our understanding of space time. Until then, let us continue killing each other in the name of religion.
that would be like finding a 1964 mint condition penny found face up in dodger stadium and parking area during the first inning of a first home game.
@Wife: I bet the 2 thumbs down are radical muslims...
Wait... didn't Brian Williams already find MH370?
Or crazier yet, What if the searchers found their own ship down there.............ooooooooo spooky.
I say the LOST island or Pi boat
The USS Lollipop. She's a good ship.
Even crazier, a UFO with aliens...
Crazed Possum.... i was reading thru all these responses and wondering why people were still trying to out-clever each other.... then i read yours.... love it! haha. That would be a great start to a twilight zone or any other spooky show or movie. "in found my own wallet in the wreckage...." cue ominous music
i heard of a guy who was out shoot food and up from the ground came a bubbling crude.
I can't believe this comment of mine has gotten this many thumbs-up and responses...
i hope elvis is not seen down there
@Tolyngee - even your comment about your comment is getting thumbs up.
yet no one has heard of Jed Clamett?
a week later, and my post has died... just like MH370, lost for all eternity wait, didn't MH370 have 208 passengers? HL3 confirmed!
So a 777 has at least 314 seat up to 450. So you have that many seat cushions, then add that many life vests, and rafts and luggage and probably a lot of other plastic floating part and nothing has been found? Just really hard to believe. My own guess is it had issues and turned around and flew into clouds and is stuck in the side of a jungle covered mountain in that area. Some mountains are 15,000 feet in the general area.
What jungle covered mountains are 15,000 feet?
We all know Obama did it
alan do you realize just how large the ocean is?
Not a lot of 'jungle' at 15,000 feet, but I agree that the pilot took it to a planned destination, for what ever reason.
There is a reason this ship wreck had never been charted. Think about it for a while until you understand. Shouldn't take too long....
If it went down in one piece, not so hard to believe. The ocean is HUGE.
Fid Face, Your are more than a little arrogant aren't you?
Did you fihure it out yet, pc?
Fid, I don't even know what you are talking about. IT?
fid, If you notice, NO ONE has a clue what you are talking about, hence all the thumb downs to receive. Either that or the collective wisdom is that you are just a sanctimonious buffoon.
No, pc, you are just dense as seawater at the depth of that sunken ship. How do we know? You do not comprehend simple concepts.
PC, Fid here is just trolling. Ignore him.
Greentail, You're right. I'll just let him collect all his thumb downs by himself.
I gave you another chance to prove how brilliant you are compared to me, pc, but you failed to correct me regarding the density of seawater at depth. It's complicated, I know, but actually, it doesn't change... Have a nice day, try not to argue with those who are intellectually superior to you so much in the future.
Fid, I stopped reading your posts. All I saw was blah blah blah. I stand with my initial diagnosis. You are a sanctimonious buffoon who thinks he has to prove how much smarter he is than everyone else.
You read it and it burned.
BTW - - You proved it, not me.
Fid, you never made a point. Just "oh, figure it out", with not even a comment about what "it" is. Troll.
Same lame argument = Same lame person Green = pc
Get out of my thread, Green_pc
Fid, Not yours and I'm not Green.
We are not the same person, Fid.
We have two large bookcases we use as a pantry. One day I was looking for a big box of oats I knew we had (having bought it just a few weeks before and only using a small amount). I looked shelf by shelf, even dug around, but couldn't find it. My husband looked, too, with no luck. Finally I went out and bought more oats. A few days later I went to get a bottle of lemon juice from the shelves, and right next to it I found the original box of oats. I swear that thing wasn't there when I was looking for it. It's uncanny how you can look right at something without seeing it.
That's called getting old...it's not a normal thing
The mice are playing tricks on you.
The house gnomes borrowed it. Good thing they brought it back.
The forest is there , you just can't see it for the trees .
I do the same thing..no worries
Poltergeist? Is that your defense when you get caught squatting in a place you don't own, TKMH? Not just one, but several enchiladas short of a combo plate....
My uncle went into the merchant marines following his service in the Navy during WW2. In the mid 50's, he had been assigned to a ship in the Houston after having been out 6 months with a broken ankle. He said he went down to the ship, walked up the gang plank, took one look around the deck and went straight back to the union hall telling them he wasn't getting on that boat for all the sugar in Cuba and to give him another ship. The ship left port the next day never to be seen or heard from again.
OK and this has what to do with MH370?
Why did he not want to get on the ship??
Nice fairy tale...did they all live happily ever after?
Very freaky. Did he say why he wouldn't get on the ship? Was it's name the S.S. Minow?
Was the ship's name the S.S. Minnow and was it on a 3 hour tour?
All old uncles have stories of which they are the hero. Hell, I even have a few.
The ship's been found. See above.
Was that the titanic OMG !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Name of ship please.....they'll be documentation..........
He didn't say the name of the ship. After 4 years in the Navy and 36 in the Merchant Marines, he may have easily been on more than 100 ships. He didn't get on the ship because he said it was a wreck.
"Why are there crazy conspiracy theories?" dept.: This and many other events have spawned some strange conspiracy theories and I was wondering what is it that causes people to come up with these things and actually believe them? Here is the best answer I have seen thus far: From book "American Conspiracy Theories" comes the idea that “researchers have found that inducing anxiety or loss of control triggers respondents to see nonexistent patterns and evoke conspiratorial explanations”. Blacks believe that CIA planted crack in neighborhoods, whites believe government taxing the rich to create socialism, liberals feel the rich control political parties and media... conservatives feel liberal elites control them, liberals think Monsanto controlling food production with GMO and conservatives feel liberal scientists lying about climate change...etc and ad nauseum. We're losing our minds with so much stress...
People are not very good with just "not knowing". So they take what they feel as the most likely reason and they run with it. Whether or not the most likely thing came from a thorough review of evidence or if it's just simply what they want to be true, they stick to it. It keeps their minds from wondering.
So conspiracies don't exist? You mean I can relax because everything I read is true and our crack media objectively reports on all aspects of an event? Oh boy, I feel much better now. You made my day. Oh but wait I'm reminded of a quote by G.B Shaw, "All professions are conspiracies against the layman." Where's my bottle of Schnapps?
Hold on, Hoss, and chug some Schnapps. I did not say conspiracy theories do not exist. Some do, with requisite evidence. Such as CIA's MK-Ultra Program. But in absence of evidence, crazy theories are created. The latter is that which I referred to.
This plane lose will eclipse the Bermuda Triangle stories
Pretty sure that there is ample evidence to prove to anyone that the rich do buy every election and own every politician who ever gets beyond the lowest level. Would people and corporations who grudgingly pay their employees a pittance, give hundreds of millions to candidates they expect nothing from? If you want a conspiracy, watch the "news" and notice it is "brought to you by" the same corporations who own the government.
a lot of the 'crazy' theories you stated aren't so crazy. they are rooted in actual events that transpired at some point. the cia planting crack in black neighborhoods for example.. no - that didn't happen.. but our government knew full well crack was destroying these neighborhoods.. they knew where it was coming from.. and they did nothing about it. have you heard of the tuskogee experiment? and have you heard some recordings of richard nixon and his thoughts on blacks? there is ample reason considering those facts to make the conclusion the cia could do that. slavery existed only 160 years ago. taxing the rich to help balance the playing field is socialism, by definition. that's not a crazy conspiracy theory. some of the other statements may or may not be true.. but definitely they aren't 'crazy conspiracy theories.'
so which is the conspiracy theory? the plane is in the water or that there are other possibilities?
D'ya ever notice that every time the conspiracy theorists are challenged to provide evidence supporting their claim about this plane none of them can or do?
It seems like a daunting task. When they finish searching this area, is the search over or will they try another area? If I was related to the victims, I'd want the search to go on but at what point do you say, "We've done all that we can."
Hell, they're still looking for Amelia Earhart!
Find or not, the result is the same. Search around the Bahamas would afford more enjoyable breaks.
Its not even about the victims families at this point. Its about finding out what happened so it doesnt happen again.
Maybe they should search the 'Bermuda Triangle'.
Yeah maybe it won't happen again for whatever reason it did happen.Sooooooooo it will happen but for a different reason and as life goes on sooooo does the reasons for mishaps, and the people will continue to waste money for decades for the silly reason of sooooo it don't happen again !!!!!!!!!!!!
They're not still searching for Amelia Earhart, they found her likely wreckage years and years ago.
wow. For some strange reason, I thought the article would tell me all about a shipwreck.
News headline We found something while looking for something else. But we won't tell you anything about OUR find. It's enough to let you know about it.
The title "MH370 search finds uncharted shipwreck" Thought they were going to talk about the Uncharted wreck. Who writes these titles?
my theory: it was hijacked to be used as a delivery device for a nuclear weapon later on. it was being flown to pakistan / afghanistan / iraq to be retrofitted. we figured this out quickly and shot it down. it's nowhere near where the search is - that was a BS story made up to keep the actual wreckage from being found, because that wreckage would prove it was shot down... and the main reason we don't want anyone to know we shot it down: - 75% of the people onboard were chinese.
How about this..... Flight MH370 was carrying a lot of cash (millions of dollars worth) like a lot of flights leaving Malaysia. Central Banks use commercial flights to transfer cash back to it's bank of origin, in this case Chinese Ywan. These kinds of money transfers have been robbed in the past (Lufthansa heist in 1978 five million dollars) & (Swiss Air 2013 showed up in New York missing 1.2 million dollars out of a shipment of 48 million dollars) just to name a few....Why not take the whole Airplane?...Buy the pilot and co-pilot, plan a change in the flight plan, to say an old WW2 runway on an isolated and abandoned island ( the South Pacific is littered with them). Shut off the Transponder, the tracking system, change heading, climb to 45,000ft depressurize the cabin (killing all the passengers). descend below radar, turn to a final heading toward the island. Land meet a boat, unload the cash and sail off with millions in clean cool cash. Easy really. Sure the pilot might have to have a flight simulator at home to practice, and work out flight plan details on, but once that is figured out it would be a simple matter to just "plug" new numbers into the auto pilot. Of course then whilst flying "off course" it would be precise and in this case on an Airway. Easy to track until the airplane went below radar. In fact the initial (change of course) could also be used to establish a "decoy heading" before turning to the final course. It sounds so easy, so why not...anyone?
It's technically possible but the likelihood of NO ONE'S Military Radar (which see actual objects as opposed to just a signal) seeing it are remote to say the least even in that part of the world. As to flying any real distance that low in that plane type it's harder than it looks to not crunch the damn thing right into the water. The commercial auto pilots aren't really designed to be THAT accurate like a Military Terrain Avoidance System is so even that isn't a real option when flying that damn low.
What was in the cargo hold was worth a LOT more than ANY bank transfer, besides your scenario has some holes in it.
So where is the plane now?
On a runway, on some long lost island, deep in the middle of nowhere, where the Japanese, or British, Or Americans built the runway to use durning the war (WW2) and then left to rot.
Just like this ship, by accident, I believe that's how the plane will eventually be found.
They can Clearly show a ship on the floor of the ocean 12k feet down but yet don't have a camera capable of showing a clear image of robbers at a bank or a store much less to capture an image of a supposed Sasquatch or Nessie.
I have to believe they found Gilligan.
Would have been nice to find out what type of ship it was. MH370 was probably shot down, like the plane over Shanksville.
With winter approaching, down under, they may have to stop the major parts of the search for several more months. It looks like they may never find that plane.
We all know the Langoliers got them... that, or they're with Dan Cooper, Jimmy Hoffa and everyone's missing pens.
Is it just me, or does it seem like this is just the way of things? You set out to find one thing, and you almost invariably find a bunch of other ludicrous things along the way. It's almost like a rule of nature, so far as I'm concerned.
Just like when you lose your keys.
Always in the last place you look.
but always in the first place you thought, but decided there is no way you missed them there.
Whiteblur, I feel like you just summarized this search perfectly.
Kingfish, finding something in the last place you look, goes without saying. Only a fool would continue searching, AFTER finding the object of their search.
Hopefully if they are able to finally locate this airlines, perhaps it will give those families some final resolution.
Very good point. I guess we should always be looking for something :)
Dr.......please.....look up the definition of "levity" and "irony"....then take a breath.
why don't we ask god for help? I am sure he knows where he down the plane.
I just hope they don't find godzilla
It's worse than looking for a needle in a haystack. And that's with the best equipment in the world.
It's hard to believe more than a year has passed and nothing from the plane has washed up on a beach somewhere. It's expected that the parts of the plane that would float, such as a seat cushion, insulation or other items would have been found on shore somewhere.
However, eventually the truth will come out. It always does.
@ Count, that is true!! There is C R _ P washing up on the west coast of the US from the Japan Earthquake. One would think there would be something from the plane washing up someplace on a "beach" somewhere!!!!
they should be searching the jungles of Malaysia and the Maldives
Who said the plane ever crashed???
Who killed Kennedy? Same people feeding us another pack of lies.
Who killed JFK? The same hidden power group, which perpetrated 9-11 while managing the "Black Eagle Gold Trust".
Count. It isn't hard to believe that nothing from the plane has washed up on the beach for ONE simple reason. It never crashed in the ocean ! When are you and everyone else who think this aircraft is at the bottom of the ocean going to realize that it's on dry land somewhere ? Period. There are people inside the Capital Beltway who know EXACTLY where that aircraft is. Of course, the public will never know....ever.
Birdie...well....WHY would we have made the plane "disappear"? For what purpose? Feel free to give us facts and actual verifiable data.
Birdie, please, reference some sources to support your allegations "people inside the Capital Beltway..." I'm all ears.
I'm honestly surprised it's the first one they've found given the level of details their scans are showing. So many ships have been lost over the years.
Knowing the media like I do, it's probably not the actual photo, just some other photo they grabbed from out there and threw in with the story.
Stain! NO!!! Say it isn't so! They'd never do that, would they?????
Somebody knows something and are not talking.
So if they think there are lumps of coal there with the ship, does that mean the ship was powered with coal? Or was the cargo coal? I hope somebody's curious enough to go on a diving expedition to find out.
The article, from the AFP News Service, not by Yahoo, headlines a ship and has little to do with ML2370. Granted, that very little is known about this ship. But couldn't the article have provided some info, such as the presumed age, length, etc - stuff that should be easily discernible from the undersea pictures?.
Since the article didn't say anything about it, I am speculating that the shipwreck is a WW2 Japanese supply ship that was sunk by a submarine.
Could it be the bow section of the USS Frank E Evans the ship that was cut in two by an Australian aircraft carrier in June 1969? My brother went down with that ship!
yep, I misread that, South China Sea is the right one.How'd you know?? Not many know of the accident that has kept 74 boys names off of the Vietnam Memorial wall...
I'd vaguely heard about the event. Sorry to hear about your brother.
Shackelton's time and racing for the South Pole undoubtedly. Worthwhile checking this out, also try to wind up the Amelia Earhart mystery.
I do feel for the families, but, how much has been spent and will be spent? Money better spent on better plane tracking?
Shipwreck? Looks like a shipping container!!!
How about using those submarines that can find a golf ball?
were not missing a golf ball
I am. Titleist Pro V 1.
In the Indian ocean? That's one hell of a slice you got. Better work on that
"the sea was angry that day my friends..."
IS it possible that this jetliner is in tack at the bottom of the ocean?
All the countries need to pool their resources and fund something like this on a world-wide scale, beyond the scope of just this one missing airliner... The ocean depths have too long been a mystery...
J, I like that idea. In the process, more food sources might be found, or more stuff with medicinal qualities, more sea creatures we don't know exist, it's a frontier that hasn't been fully explored.
Wouldn't it be interesting if it was a ship that disappeared in the Bermuda Triangle & was found on the other side of the planet?
They may never find that plane or ever discover what happened. As more than one expert pointed out at the time: If you wanted to deliberately disappear a Jumbo Jet that's where you would crash it. I wish them luck but that is one remote corner of the world.
I hope they find MH370. The families need answers and closure.
When they look in a hanger in the middle east, they will.
diana -- I sure hope you are wrong, I hope it IS at the bottom of the ocean. I guess that is why we need to find it.
And they haven't found one underwater UFO base as shown on the History Channel.
Who's paying for this search. The Australian tax payers or the Malaysian tax payers?
I wish the article had contained more information about the boat, such as the approximate age, size, and type.
Just wondering... Does anyone know if they ever searched the location off the coast of India where the oil company said they would find it based on their equipment search? (Only to scoffed at)
What happened to that Israeli Satellite that can see deep underwater? It was mentioned in the beginning and the story died. Anybody?
That satellite is now under ISIS control and is being used for terroristic purposes.
If it is 'uncharted' the crew of this ship may have once gone missing just like the people aboard the Malaysian airliner, and likewise somebody may still be wondering what became of them.
The search revealed containers that had fallen off ships, "plastic islands" half the size of Australia, and all sorts of things on the ocean floor. Just how much trash is actually out there?
Why aren’t the international communities various navies using submarines for the search? Can’t they scour the sea bed for wreckage more effectively than anybody?
I bet they will find Bin Laden´s skeleton.
Maybe one of those missing supertankers that are though to be taken out by rouge waves.
The search team that is looking for MH370 are finding just about everything other than MH370. What does this tell you? The search team will find an alien craft before they will find MH370.
On the ship's hull was the word LEVEITHON written in Russian. A safe containing several video tapes and a bottle of what appeared to be vodka were also recovered.
The sea floor is still mostly unexplored. I really wonder how much is down there?
Exactly. Good post @Clem. I hope it's a treasure ship and it pays for this ridiculous search.
Just plant a fake plane underwater, tell everyone its MH370 and be done with it.
Like Obuma did with bin laden?
I bet they find a lot of things on the sea bed: shipping containers, ships sunk in WWII, etc. Trying to determine which is the airplane and which is not will take years.
Considering the depth, why don't they just say they found it. The result would be the same-It's out there somewhere Then they could give me all that money to me. I'd share..
I don`t believe they will ever find wreckage from flight MH370..because they are calculating that the plane diverted from it`s intended flight path..highly questionable and not fully understood or absolutely certain the plane actually did take this course change. So it would take a search of the entire Indian Ocean..which is just about impossible!
Not the entire ocean. The plane could only have gone so far before running out of fuel. Still a large area, but not unmanageable.
That's how 370 will be finally discovered. Some yahoo a century from now will be looking in the ocean and find some aircraft relic, uncharted, unknown.
It is weird that incidents occur in the same area . Maybe the plane is nearby.
Lemmie know when you find the sunken city that all civilizations past believe to be in the Indian ocean.
It'd be nice to have a follow up story on this for more information about this ship, mainly what year and what kind of vessel it is. I love history and unknown shipwrecks fascinate me. I couldn't care less about MH370, I don't even understand why they're still wasting resources on it what do they expect to find survivors? Their bodies are probably so bloated that they imploded. All they're going to find is bones. I really hope we get more information, at least just what year it might of been.
while you couldn't care less about MH370, I bet the families of the 230+ people feel differently.....
Bloated things don't implode. They explode.
Geez......glad one of your relatives wasn't on that flight dude....... I wonder if ud care then???
Leroy: Yes that's what I meant, my mistake, mind was elsewhere. Tracyn: Probably not. At first yes, but after months - no. I wouldn't want to see their gory remains.
Doesn't even one Journalist/Reporter anywhere on Earth want to ask the question worth asking. Are we now 100% sure this was a hi jacking to whereabouts 180 degrees away from reported flight plan so we need only check there? If so lets label it terrorism and reveal the chatter that leads us to this conclusion. I haven't seen read or heard 1 piece of evidence that leads to anywhere but along the registered flight plan. Yet that is the only place we haven't checked.
NMM, I'm kinda leaning toward what you are saying, the pilot turned off all tracking devices, so how was it detected over the Indian Ocean ? What could it hurt to search the original flight path. The area that's over the ocean is a LOT smaller than where they are searching now.
That would be too simple NMM,why would they want to make things easy when it is so much more fun for them to muddle things up by not using common sense,or logical thought...
I don't believe the plane crashed. I believe it was hi jacked, all passengers killed and now terrorist are planning something with the same plane. I refuse to believe we cannot find such a big plane anywhere in the world.
A big plane is only just a spec in the wind when you are talking about the hole SW Asia region.
Wild technology to be able to make out a ship 13000 feet under water. I suppose the big issue here is how wide an area they can scan with a pass over head. Will probably take a lot of passes. I know closure is needed for relatives and friends, but when comes the time to face reality and move on . I commend the people with their persistence, GOOD LUCK !
So I suspect that the Australian Government now "owns" the boat wreckage and the salvage rights, as well they should, they found it. I like it when the little guy finds it and "un-earths" treasure. I always wanted to be of those that did that ! I love treasure's and even if not, knowing the history of the boat and people is fascinating also.
Way to go, @DaddyO. Maybe they will claim the wreck and find a few bob to pay for this wild goose chase.
Seems like the logical thing to do ! I wonder if the Aussie's Govt. thinks more logically then the U.S. Govt. does ? It certainly can't be less than !
If you are into archeology and searching for some buried treasure, say in the Bahamas or Central America it does pay to know a reliable pirate, doesn't it though?
STOP WASTING MONEY ON THIS...it is absurd to allow this search to continue, knowing all life is presumed lost, people are starving elsewhere.
I would bet where people are starving they have no oil.
WAKE UP YOU IDIOTS,,, MH370 will be the next flying bomb. The Iranians or ISIS are just waiting to perfect the uranium to make a good dirty bomb ! Any plane can last for much more then 90 days if it is housed and properly maintained. Parts are much easier to get in European storage hangers as they don't have the security we do here in the USA. Pilots are always being trained to fly planes by major airlines and nothing says someone in training now isn't in line to pilot that MH370 flying bomb. When you look at the whole picture and add THE FACTS, its the only answer left. Where and when will it hit is the only question left !
Hey hey what's with the name calling? Most people actually seem to be getting along jus fine in this comments section.
I think we all know...we just don't want to offend the terrorists. There is no such thing as radical islam. remember? If we don't offend them, they may find a job someday and become civilized. Until then, we must ignore their shenanigans. What they are doing is not happening. And we must never speculate about their abilities and tools. At least I THINK that's how our government works.
They are all on Gilligan's Island and won't be found for three seasons.
Looking for this plane costs soooooooooo much money that could be used for many better purposes for sure. For what rewards locating the plane will bring...Very much closure to people that suffered family loss right? I think after all this time and money that people should concentrate on more needs of the public wellbeing instead of the search we know, all are dead, and gone, to heaven I hope.. We all are suffering from the Bush administrations lousy maintenance of our country's financial dilemma as Chief in command how could people say he knew nothing about it... Well anyway moneys should no longer be wasted on the dead and should be invested in the living in poverty.........
the united states is not the one paying for all this. i i say let them search as long as it takes if it helps the families get some kind of closure.
The family has all the closure anybody is going to give them....They are all gone and may they rest in peace......
That plane flew into a rip in the space time continuum and is now in another dimension.
Enough already about this plane!!! Have funeral services at sea so the families can move on.
It never crashed and will be used as the next big terrorist weapon. The people that were on board are either in a mass grave or being used as slave labor. I have never heard of a large commercial airliner crashing over the ocean with zero debris field. If there has been one, please educate me on the name and area it disappeared.
MH370 is turning into the modern day version of the Titanic. They'll probably find this plane sometime next century, and a whole bunch of National Geographic films will be made in celebration.
I still contend that they are looking too far east. As remote and inhospitable as the current search area was chosen. The person who chose to down this airplane chose their endpoint very carefully. I don't buy the conspiracy theorist who think the plane went north. Assuming they find it, my guess is that it will be northwest of the current search grid.
I wonder if the plane crashed at all. I don't doubt it was landed, kill all the passengers and prep the plane as a weapon for a later date. Maybe I have watched too many TV shows and movies, but it is a logical way for the bad guys to deliver a very large bomb etc
If pilot chose his end point carefully, I don't doubt that considering they found flight setup at his home, then why must endpoint be in ocean? Notice how nobody has come forward to say that they have a good idea of where jet landed/crashed from clues with confiscated home setup?
It's obvious what happened...aliens needed some Chinese for a survey they are taking, so they hijacked the entire planeload of people by using mind control on the pilots, had them fly it into a space/time portal. MH370 is now sitting in an inter-dimensional hanger near the Orion nebula. All those Chinese are just fine, tonight Chairman Mao is giving a speech, and afterwards Elvis is going to sing a few of his new songs for the crowd.
Real time tracking device for air craft will cost less than makeup allowance for an air hostess if the tracking device is fitted on the MH370, it would be easy to pin point the resting location of MH370, but airline industry never thought a #$%$ would do such a thing
Where humans are involved, anything is possible
Was that aircraft able to pressurize. My understanding when they started pressurizing aircraft to go above 10K sometimes they the aircraft would over pressurize and explode like a ballon
Jeffrey That is not possible, pressurizing can't go above one bar inside the cabin even some bod tries it
For the expenditure of this much time and cost to locate this flight I would tend to think there was something else on that flight than just passengers. Not a conspiracy nut but this is expensive.
You may not be a nut but you may inadvertently spawned a bunch of them...gie it a week before a new! improved! conspiracy theory takes root...
I hope the Skipper, Gilligan and the rest are OK.
I lol'd.... Now I need to go comfort Ginger and Mary Ann...
I can't believe people seriously believe they'll find it in the ocean. There's no way it hit the ocean without creating floating debris.
In 1945 a Martin Mariner was SEEN to explode in the air, but no wreckage was found
@John, that was a military craft carrying mostly gasoline. Not like modern passenger jets filled with plastics, sound deadeners, seat cushions, barf bags, etc. The SS Gaines witnessed the fireball and reported passing through a pool of oil in its search. The only way I can see the Malaysia plane leaving no floating debris is if it landed on the water and simply sunk intact. That doesn't seem likely since there was evidence of a deliberate takeover. I doubt they'd takeover the plane so they could land carefully on water and slowly sink.
How is everyone not convinced that this was a hijacking of the flight? No floating debris of any kind all of this time, should tell you quit looking and someone will own up to the kidnapping.
It's been over a year. Nobody kidnapped that plane, it went down.
where is the proof? if it went down some debris would show up, the plane would be crushed from the deep water pressure and something would float to the top. Or so says physics.
Not really. Think of all the ships that have gone down with no evidence. A plane is self contained. If it doesn't break up, what would come up? Why would someone kidnap a plane with all the people and just keep them for years?\ What would be the point of that?
The plane is either in part of the ocean that we haven't even considered looking or it is sitting in some hangar somewhere.
I usually find something in the last place I look so I try to go there first.
Spain has now claimed ownership of anything valuable from this, yet unidentified, wreck.
That "joke"(?) is far too old to be "funny" Try saying something original for once in your life
Has anyone who is involved in this search ever considered, that it didn't crash, but landed somewhere?
They can track a white shark but can't find an airplane. Truly amazing.
They catch the shark and apply a tag. Whites don't swim in the deep ocean like where the plane may have gone down.
So, I read this article twice. They found another shipwreck but don't know who or what ship it was? No speculation as do who might not have shown up somewhere were expected how long ago? Who writes these articles? Is it possible to wait til you find out information before printing a multiple paragraphed article on the fact nothing was found and what you did find, you don't know what it is?
There are well over a million known shipwrecks- that means there are far more than that are unknown
That plane was taken over by an Alien Space Ship.
I'm going with your theory until they can find some piece of wreckage somewhere...I swear the plane just up and disappeared like a fart in the wind never to be seen or heard from again.
@80"s...love the Shawshank quote. Well done!
Barry, I have been saying that from the start. But I also suggested the aliens were flesh eating cannibals.
Brian Williams saw it happen and will tell all as soon as he finds his credibility.
Poor Brian he gets trashed day in and day out...lol
Brian Wilson knew the pilot and saw the Amtrak Train de-rail.
pcpeeps....Remember the Beach Boys ?? Then you'll remember Brian Wilson...who is still touring.
Good idea as any right now.
Every time I say it was aliens people call me crazy, #$%$ yahoo.
The MH370 could be in the bottom of the ocean and broken into 2 to 3 pieces and far apart by 30 to 60 yard ? And the coast guard are looking for one whole piece airplane . The bottom of the ocean 10,000 pound per square inch braking and bending steel like butter ...
The most puzzling. Not one piece of debris was located floating anywhere.
The criminal international banking cartels who rule this world, will never let this be resolved.
Can you please tell me the name of one of these criminal international banking cartels? I'd like to look it up.
They will not find which isn't there, amazing that it disappeared from radar but the real issue is was all of the satellites down and the same time? My point is they track every thing, some one knows where it is and some one's covering it up for their political gains!
They could finance the whole operation if they found some real treasure. It could be in the back of their minds
SMH....cant believe folks still trying to find this plane! I bet they can spend that time and money in something far more useful/beneficial. also, tired of the U.S.A sending our resources to other countries, I don't see other countries rendering aid with our diseasters.
"there comes a time when we (U.S.A), have to stop crossing oceans for others. Especially when others will not even jump a puddle for us!"
Well, in 2005 Sweden, France, Germany, India and Taiwan and 90 other countries offered assistance to US to help with Hurricane Katrina. Sweden had a C-130 loaded up and ready to go with water purifiers. The administration at the time wanted cash or MRE's as they knew they could handle the situation so well~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
wow...freaking wow there Phanui! about freaking time....our (U.S.A) tallies still far more then piece of #$%$ countries we are always helping. as far as I am concerned, all other countries are in debt with us...helping them with natural disasters and helping them win their wars....don't give me that weak sause Phanui....we are the worlds 9-1-1. France, especially owes us....lol Phanui, you goof!
It is interesting about this sunken ship find and will be interesting to see what all they eventually know/find about this. However, OBVIOUSLY, we need to refit ALL airplaines (especially commercial airplane) with better tracking/monitoring technology. It is out there. If we can see vein on a leaf with satellite/drone/missle/space rocket technology we should be able to track any ship/plane etc. All those peoples lives who fly on those planes are certainly worth it I would have to say.
That's no ship wreck that's Rosie O'Donnell.
What will happen when they find Godzilla's hideout?
Its a terrible thing that the aircraft was lost. At some point you have to admit that youve done everything possible to search for the aircraft. Call off the search. Now your just wasting money.
It's Aliens, or another Triangle like Bermuda... Those are the only explanations... If it was hijacked, tons of people would have seen it somewhere
We wish them all the best in finally finding that Airliner.
I've always felt that the plane was hijacked and landed on a remote island or some other runway. From there it was either scrapped or refitted for some future use. As for the passengers, God only knows.
Still finding German U-boats in the Gulf of Mexico ...75 years after the war. No biggie.
This is what happens when you are exploring. Great find guys! Now to get down there to find something that can possibly be valuable is another thing.
That looks like a container not a ship.
My guess..suicidal pilot brought it down in remote location. The USA and possibly China know where it is from their satellite images. But they don't want to let the other guys know they have so much coverage and data so they pretend to know nothing. The passengers are dead anyways, what's the point of revealing their hand?
sound, rational thought. Governments in self serving behavior. Go figure.
In the infamous words of Hillary: "What difference does it make now?"
Suicidal pilot or pilot turned terrorist. But regardless it makes no sense that the plane can not be located. If a search team can come across a shipwreck that is who knows how old that they were not searching for then why cant a search team find a modern day plane that is suppose to be in the area they are searching?
Cleaver.....pathetic. How many hours of Faux do you watch a day? 15? 18? Do you know the CONTEXT of her statement? No....I'm guessing not......because you don't care. Pathetic. Clinton: "With all due respect, the fact is we had four dead Americans. Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night who decided that they’d they go kill some Americans? What difference at this point does it make? It is our job to figure out what happened and do everything we can to prevent it from ever happening again, Senator." WHERE, in that statement, does Hillary say she doesn't care Americans died? Feel free to clarify that for me.....I only have a degree in engineering, but maybe you might edumacate me better and learn me how to talk real good and read real good two.
Oh yes that makes perfect sense. With that logic then why didn't they cover up Flight 9525 that crashed into the French Alps?
Unfortunately MH370 will never be found, because it never crashed. Expect to see a Islamist fly it into a populated area someday and create a huge explosion.
You are without a doubt "not playing with a full deck of cards" !
I honestly think this is now the most logical explanation even though it seemed unlikely at the time. Modern planes have way too many parts that would float in a crash.
When the plane turned back over land it was a sign that all the passengers had probably been killed by decompression. The flight then proceeded with its transponder turned off to a landing where the bodies were off-loaded. The possibility that it was sold to a pirate state, where it is now flying commercially is also something to look into. Does anyone doubt that N. Korea would buy it for pennies on the dollar? Broken, it doesn't seem that you know enough, to get the card deck out of its box.
With side sonar and the new advances I am really wondering why this thing has not been found yet. Surely we have subs in that area of the world you would figure one of the subs would stumble across it. Wonder if a UFO hi jacked it?
Remember NOT A SINGLE SHREAD of its EXISTENCE a year later has been found! No seats, wings, tail assembly, nose cone, engine housing, or skeletal remains has been found for a JUMBO JETLINER! Its not there. Stop looking underwater. Either its on land where we can't get to it or alien astrophysics created a space portal to another galaxy.
It's mind-boggling that not one piece of MH370 has been found floating and yet they still insist that this plane is on the bottom of the ocean. There isn't a single engineer that believes that a plane of this size could have been landed in one piece.
Do you think maybe the whole thing is some kind of smoke screen?
you could not say it any better.!!!
Interesting because we ALL saw one land on the Hudson river FULLY intact a few years ago....It CAN happen...
The Hudson River is a calm stretch of water compared to the Southern Indian Ocean. That area of ocean is known for huge swells and storms.
swells and storms aren't a constant...hope that helps
This plane was stolen by the pilot in retaliation for the president of Malaysia putting his friend in jail moments before he took off. He is now sitting somewhere a multi-millionaire and the plane is being prepared as a guided bomb for a country such as N.Korea that doesn't have a launch vehicle, maybe waiting for Iran to develop theirs too. To disable the beacons is pulli ng 2 plainly marked fuses in the cockpit and he flew between all the radar zones after going to 48000 ft to kill the passengers and co-pilot who he locked out, then decompressed the cabin.
the guy had been training on a home setup for months. So much for your minutes before theory...
Nothing like making baseless statements and construing them as facts. Does your mommy know you're using the computer?
i am an aerospace engineer, my friend works on repairs of the Boeings such as the 777, we had an INTELLIGENT conversation, unlike the posts you are making, I simply put together the facts at hand. Another fact that evades those with their eyes closed is that 99% of Chinese had cell phones, yet not 1 call was placed which again would point to the decompress the cabin while they slept as it was a night flight . I have flown to China 7 times and observed the relaxed position you try to reach on nt. flights. As far as his jailed friend, It was not moments before, as he had attended the court for his friend and watched him led off after sentencing. And yes his training at home would put him in a mindset of knowing where the radar beacons could track him and flew a pattern to avoid them which is why the search field is so vast. On my recent flights I have asked the 777 pilots if it was easy to decompress the cabin and was told it was not easy but could be done. The locking out of the co-pilot was presented again in the recent flight of the plane that intentionally crashed in the Alps. Again the pilot in this case was locked out and could be heard in the recorders hitting to door screaming to let him in. , You sheep are blind to facts and it is represented in the voting of inept politicians due to race and gender instead of experience and ability
Taking "possibilities" does not mean the event actually happened. You don't know what happened and your theory is just as likely as any other so #$%$.
75% of the sea bed sonared, NO seat cushions floating anywhere , not 1 pc. of trash from the plane ,,YOU FIGURE IT OUT...You sheep open your eyes.
Obama has taken the plane and is performing secret behavioral manipulation research on the passengers to learn how to better control dumb Americans and take over the world. Obama has yet to deny any allegations, how does he explain a large civilian jet sighted at one military base in the Nevada desert? With markings identical to those on MH370?
The ship was apparently called the Costa Concordia, although it was hard to read at first because the name was up sideways.
eh?? @whittman? Swap the first letter of your name from "W," to "S."
Seems rather ¨fishy¨ to me, and the Ocean smell has NOTHING to do with it. It's been about 14 months since this even occurred so we know 1) there are NO survivors, 2) whatever would be found would most likely be unrecoverable, so 3) WHO or WHAT is so important that the search still goes on for this aircraft? Enough said...
To - Jerry o Yes, I understand what you're saying, but simply finding the plane (or parts from it) doesn't say anymore than knowing that they ¨vanished at Sea¨ - there is not, what is commonly called ¨closure¨, so I would say (again), just FORGET it... Thank you...
All that talk in the article...and no description of what the shipwreck actually was. How do these authors get jobs...and who is it that approves what they write getting printed?
It's 12,000 feet underwater and they just found it. It's going to be a huge undertaking to get down there to take a closer look at it.
OK John..clap clap...glad you are impressed with the article. I was not. How sweet of you to defend them. There is a big difference between them sharing a lot of details and them telling us ''zero'' about the shipwreck. I'm sure the author could have told us ''something'' more...but you buy the fact there is nothing to tell yet. Nothing? You can believe that if you wish...I don't .
Maybe they should look in Pakistan. I've been waiting for them to come to that conclusion for a year now. We will see MH370 again, wait and see.
OK expert idiots, then WHERE IS IT?
They cant find the wreckage or any evidence of a crash because the plane did not crash.
Spain has already claimed it as theirs.
Same OLD "joke" Try and be original for once in your life
DO NOT believe anything that comes out from the Australian Government. This is the same Government who had a Prime Minister state OVER and OVER and OVER again that they were CONFIDENT they were searching in the right area and they would find the plane. That was how LONG ago Mr. PM?
Of course, you know the exact spot in 23 MILLION square miles of water
As other have stated, you can be sure that the World Powers that be, with all the sophisticated technology available today know exactly where that plane is!! No one wants to reveal the location because of security concerns!!
Obviously you have no idea how vast or deep the ocean is. Take off your tin foil hat Dale Gribbel.
Shortly they will have to call off their search. Their scientists have discovered a soon to be forming El Nino. Like a plane wreck, it's out there. Somewhere.
MH370 was taken to the future like in the film Millenium. All the people were taken off it. Now they just have to wait a long enough time so it's plausible there are no remains.
If it was taken to the future, why would they have to "wait a long enough time"?
Well..to put the plane back on the sea floor...wait a long enough time and it's plausible why there are no bodies. You want to return the plane so people stop looking. Just joking of course.
The airliner never crashed, it was hijacked. We'll see it again. If they can find ships that sank years ago, why haven't they found the plane? They've already told us that in the jungles, in that part of the world, that there are many abandoned landing strips. When have they ever had this much trouble finding a downed plane or ship? Not buying it.
It was definitely hijacked but crashed in the ocean. Can't just hide a plane on land.
You can hide anything, anywhere that people aren't looking. They still find entire ancient hidden cities in the jungles of Central, and South America.
Wordy: A tropical forest and 800 years is far different than 1 year in known places - I doubt there are many 10,000 foot runways that haven't been checked=
Exactly John. Wordy must believe the plane can land in a forest LOL
Wrong guys, this had been discussed before, there are several abandoned military runways in Asia long enough for this jet to land safely..
Wordy: Are you too stupid to realize that would be the first place they'd look?
Down to name calling? If you knew more about the subject you wouldn't have to resort to it, but that's your problem.
Suicidal pilot brought this plane down, just like in Switzerland.
I think you are correct. There is too much aberrant, yet structured activity for things to have been coincidence. I am still not completely sold on the southern Indian Ocean location.
With a new paint job, you might be surprised what it might be used for.
Then why train on home setup for months to avoid radars? Notice how nobody has stated his software was geared for crashing into ocean? Because it most likely wasn't.
That plane was landed at a military base and then repainted. The passengers had high tech knowledge about stealth paint and technology, and imo it was all about them. Can't find something which doesn't exist.
Stop looking at the bottom of the ocean, look toward Pakistan, Afghanistan.
from the very start I have been saying they are searching in the wrong area, this plane is in the Bay of Bangal, probably sitting on the bottom in one piece, think massive methane vent.
Ah, they found that top secret submarine North Korea was doing trial runs with! The North Koreans will need to raise it and execute the remains of the crew for failure.
since the world SPY satellites WILL NOT TELL THE WORLD WHAT HAPPENED they will be looking till Christ Returns. what the Hell its a Paying Job that most of us Don't Have
Still think Islam is a religion of peace? Several eyewitnesses recount seeing Osama Bin Laden in the vicinity of the ship before it went down. Phone records indicate that OBL was sending several texts to Saddam Hussein and Kim Jong Il in the hours preceding the wreck. The telephones were "burner" phones with origins traced to a Tehran flea market. The only way to prevent this happening again is to renew all parts of The PATRIOT Act, and to legislate further reductions in Liberty and Privacy for American Citizens.
Why do I keep getting the sickening feeling that some "Peaceful Muslim's" took this plane, killed everyone on it, and are turning it into a flying nuke. Or should I say they will after Iran is done building one.
Richard - My very same thought!!!!
Grow up @Richy and @Teeny, please.
Daniel hopefully you will be in the building they fly it into.
MH370 will never be found. China accidentally shot it down during a missile test. It was a complete accident. Half the passengers on board were Chinese and the Chinese government doesn't want to lose face. China is also a big trading partner with... EVERYONE. It is a cover up.
Only a mindless idiot conjures up conspiracy theories with zero evidence or proof. Does your mommy know you're using the computer?
Why is Australia looking? Why isn't Malaysia paying the bill for the search?
Australia now has a good reason to map the Indian Ocean further, than they ever would have done.
Must be Obama's dad's dugout canoe.
Hey Johnny if you are white chances are your forefathers were thrown out of Europe....
In this day and age with all the technology, how can you lose a plane?
Not sure you understand the vastness and depth of the ocean.
Ocean? How bout a tracking device or a GPS on the plane itself?
Jordan, I guess you missed the part where the person flying the plane turned off all that fancy tracking technology. =)
Technology isn't perfect. Give a weatherman some Doppler radar and he'll find a tornado in every thunderstorm.
Jordan if the pingers batteries run out or are to deep to picked up by probes then technology means jack squat.
@Jordan, a USMC helicopter is missing in Nepal, search to resume after the sun comes up. Much smaller search area, with a known flight path over land, and they hadn't found it yesterday before the sun went down. And, you ask how this can happen with the technology they have?
WOW, do you supposed this people can find Obama's real birth certificate and college transcript.
By the dimensions they give and the way it looks, it appears they found a sunken shipping container that fell off a ship. Same approximate measurements and shape. But, I guess "sunken ship" is more exciting that "sunken container."
Exactly Cobra, I was thinking the same thing---it doesn't look like a ship to me. It looks like a box.
That plane is in an underground bunker, being refitted to be used as a terrorist weapon. Such a waste of money looking for a ghost.
Better to spend all that money on airline safety, pilot training, better real time tracking, etc. What a waste...its gone, move on.
Those families deserve closure. Keep looking til you find it.
You pay for it then Lovely
The U.S. sent an aircraft carrier to recover John Kennedy's plane to prove that he was dead (for inheritance purposes) and then reburied it at sea. This search will cost untold millions to settle the lawsuits arising from the loss.
The very reason those passengers didn't take showers before they left was because they thought they would at some later date, wash up on shore.
I just thought I would put that out there.
Did mommy just buy you a smart phone and you've figured out how to comment on Yahoo?
The plane is being held in a bunker, waiting for Obama to order the next terrorist attack.
I don't really believe in aliens but since it's a year later and they can't find one piece of wreckage of the plane, I'm kinda beginning to wonder.
what if the plane did go back and landed in malaysia but the government didn't realize it.
NONE of those people have come forward??? What are the chances of that?
of course, the pilot was the sole survivor after he murdered everybody in the high attitude
I'm spoiled for Great Lake's shipwrecks... brown stains on a sea bed are over-rated.
They are searching in the wrong direction .
Papa, they know that, but the more they talk about the plane crashing in the water, the less focus will be put on WHAT REALLY HAPPENED.
Surely Spain has claimed the shipwreck by now
The US Navy stopped the searches down there once intelligence services let them know the plane was sitting in a hanger at Diego Garcia, super secret US military installation in the middle of the Indian Ocean,
yup and bigfoot is in the house.
Explain to me how an aluminum airplane can bring down a building made of stainless steel and concrete…? hmmm?
mem, you had me curious with your first conspiracy theory, but your second one makes u sound like a nutjob
mem, it's called an explosion. It happens when something filled with jetfuel crashes into something and creates a giant fireball. That then causes a massive fire within the structure, which generated lots of heat and melting that weakens the structure. The structure then has enough weight to collapse in upon itself creating a chain reaction. It's basic engineering and physics my friend.
If you knew anything about jet fuel, you would know it only burns under high heat and compression, once that fuel hit atmospheric pressure, it extinguished itself… SECOND, to anneal (soften) steel, it take high heat for a prolonged period of time. FAR exceeding the time of any initial contact explosion. Also, jet fuel does not burn at temperatures high enough to anneal steel. It involves heating a material to above its recrystallization temperature, maintaining a suitable temperature, and then cooling.
mem, some of the burn victims who were near the sight of impact and survived and made it down the stairwell will tell u otherwise.
mem - to fully understand the truth you must experience it first hand. I would recommend you stay in your house and let your buddy crash a cessna plane directly into it to see if your house will burn and explore and possibly collapse. Now, I know this is small scale example but I urge you to try it. Maybe after the experiment (if you survive), you may convince me of your delusional thoughts.
"........Explain to me how an aluminum airplane can bring down a building made of stainless steel and concrete…? hmmm? ......" YOU ARE WAY, WAY BEYOND STUPID!!!
@ Rom, a Cessna, burns regular fuel, again JET FUEL only burns at extreme high pressure with extreme high ignition source. At atmospheric pressure jet fuel WIILL NOT continue to burn, or ignite. Even IF the jet fuel ignited the desks and paper to burn inside the building the heat is nowhere near the temperature to anneal steel. I don't mind educating people, but the insults are unnecessary. Next, we can talk about how a 180 foot wide 767 can fit into a 40 foot wide hole in the side of the Pentagon… hmm?
Yes, it's in a hangar! It landed there after spraying chemtrails loaded with GMO gluten-free material paid for by the Illuminati, sponsored in part by Monsanto.
mem - can you please try Phil's suggestion "Grab a handful, turn on your stove, and blow the powder into the flame"???
Physics disagrees with you, mem. Please take any physics class. Intro, middle school, whatever. I promise you won;t look so dumb afterwards, and you'll understand why you look so dumb now.
Mem... The world is also flat...
Phil,, look it up, the facade of WTC 1 and 2 is made from Stainless Steel...
Jet Fuel only burns under extreme pressure, and high heat ignition.. Thus, a jet engine is a big compressor, then ignition. Boy, must we start over every time.
@ Dr. then you tell us what temperature and time i needed to anneal steel… and how that was accomplished using jet fuel that never reaches that temperature…. hmm? If jet fuel reached temperature hot enough to anneal steel, it would thus melt the jet engines that burn the fuel… right? Hang on a minute, some FBI guys at my front door…
mem, not trying to insult you like some others. But if a jet plane crashes the fuel can definitely ignite (yes jet fuel is less volatile overall), like others said look up videos on you tube and you will clearly see planes exploding on impact. The internal fires in the building, plus the damage to the building done by the impact of the plane must have been enough to eventually weaken the structure. I agree it was hard to believe that they collapsed but do you seriously believe our own government would destroy two buildings full of people...cmon man, seriously. And I'm far from trusting our own government, I know there are many crooks and bad people involved in politics.
@mem - Do you even know what annealing means? For the buildings to collapse, the already weakened supporting members only need to be heated enough to weaken, not "annealed" or "melted" as most of you wackos insist. Also, what does stainless steel used in the facade have to do with the structural members that collapsed? Nothing. And jet fuel is basically kerosene, and has an auto-ignition temperature that is only about 60 degrees F higher than that of gasoline. You have no idea #$%$ you are talking about. Glad to see you are being voted down.
Thanks Alvah, Im not saying who did what. I am merely pointing out the the premise that an airplane could knock down a building is not at all possible. Once we establish this fatal flaw, then we move on to other mistaken facts. Immediately after the plane crashed into WTC 1, there is video of firemen walking through the lobby of that building.. ALL of the windows are blown out, and huge marble slabs are blown off the walls… What caused that? The plane crash was on the 87th floor, hundreds of feet above… The windows above the lobby are in tact. On and on there are many problems with the Governments stories.
You know after World War 2, the German people were in such denial over the N/\zi death camps, that the allies took many Germans through the camps to see the piles of dead bodies… 9-11 is a big lie, and the evidence was quickly shipped off so forensic evidence could not be gathered. (Hang on a minute, the FBI guys are at my front door again..)
If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it. The lie can be maintained only for such time as the State can shield the people from the political, economic and or military consequences of the lie. It thus becomes vitally important for the State to use all of its powers to repress dissent, for the truth is the mortal enemy of the lie, and thus by extension, the truth is the greatest enemy of the State. Joseph Goebbels
@mem - Yes, there are lies that people will believe. But just as stupid, or even moreso, is when fools like you have your arguments corrected again and again and you keep repeating them. The façade doesn't hold up the building, kerosene does burn at atmospheric pressure, and steel doesn't have to reach the melting point to be significantly weakened and fail. Do so real research, rather than repeating nonsense.
@Mem I want to discuss this point your referred to, "Explain to me how an aluminum airplane can bring down a building made of stainless steel and concrete…? hmmm?" I work in the steel industry and I can guarantee you that there is ZERO!!!!!!! buildings made out of STAINLESS STEEL, first off the price to build a building out of stainless steel would cost 5x the amount vs regular steel, stainless steel does not have any structural benefits vs regular steel, and if you do not conclude any structural grades of steel that could have been used. BOOM!!
Every crash plane site shows pictures of a fire just so you. Everything in that building is flammable. Second the fuel itself doesn't have to be flammable itself to ignite the fumes will do that, Know how I know that? gas or diesel IS NOT FLAMABLE UNLESS UNDER COMPRESSION. I've worked automotive and you can put matches out in gas but when gas fumes get into the air they ignite or if they get on something such as a rag its even worse.
@mem the elevators cables were severed and the people dropped God knows how far to their deaths. The elevators including cargo elevators made one hell of a mess at the bottom. You truly need to let this go. People have misguided you to think this way. Everything can be explained. Please stop. Too many people died that day and we know who killed them. Just stop replying please. I is better to be though a fool than open you mouth and remove all doubt.
The reality is we have never seen a commercial plane fly into a building before 9/11. It is impossible to predict what is going to happen. Why? No actual live tests have been done. They have trains crashing into all kinds of objects for reference but not planes. You can calculate numbers all day long on paper (back then) but only real tests will give you the true results. As for the pentagon.... The hole is questionable but you also have to understand how that place was built and what it was originally built for, file storage. It was built like a fortress. The theory is the wings folded in. You can believe whatever you like but no one can tell me they know whats going to happen when a commercial plane hits a building high up and then sets the place on fire. There are a lot of variables at work. Building skyscrapers have come a loooooooooooooooong way since the WTC towers were built.
1. You know an airplane, B-24 I believe crashed into the Empire State building… it didn't fall down. 2. The World Trade Center 1 and 2 exterior skin was STAINLESS STEEL.. look it up. the interior floors were carbon steel rebar reenforced concrete. The interior spine of the building elevator shafts were principally carbon steel. 3. These are the FIRST buildings in the world to collapse due to fire. None have collapsed since due to fire. 4. Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crashed into the ground in Ukraine, that is what the crash scene in Pennsylvania plane crash site "SHOULD HAVE LOOKED LIKE" but it didn't… and no one was allowed near the crash site. 5. How many Government lackies are on Yahoo comment section trying to defeat the truth about 9-11… You know, those responsible are still alive, and can be hunted down and punished… unlike the JFK assassination. Hang on a minute, those FBI guys are at my front door again… lol.
Since jet fuel burns under 1,000 degrees F, and stainless steel girders melting point is approximately 2,500 degrees, how is it possible that it melted the stainless steel girders, and disintergrated the building and over 1,000 bodies? How does jet fuel make the girders into molten metal magma? How does jet fuel burn for 24 days? or 3 1/2 weeks? Why was there a large radiation spike at the site?
Facade was not aluminum, it would not have lasted 30 years in the New York climate.. that is why Stainless Steel was used, It is very easy to look up. The replacement building is also Stainless Steel, 316SS
@MEM, Jet fuel burns at several thousand degrees if you atomize it properly. The girders were structural steel, better than mild steel. You don't have to melt the steel to weaken it to the point of failure. Just give it up.
Thanks for pointing out a B-25 did hit the Empire State Building. Now lets look at an important fact here. A B-25 empty weight is 19,000lbs. A 767's empty weight is 176,000 to 229,000lbs (depending on the model). This is just empty weight we are talking about. That is a huge difference in mass hitting a building. Structural stability most likely got affected. Then you add heat which doesn't have to melt metal but can still warp metal and things get even more tricky. Then add the top floors of the building and furniture and it's a recipe for disaster.
mem - it is official. hate to call names, but there is not other way around it. you are a r[e]t[a]r[d].
@mem - again you repeat the strawman argument that the official version of 9-11 is that the fire "melted" the girders. That came from Rosie O'Donnell, not any official report. What happened is that the fires WEAKENED the steel, which happens at much lower temps, as low as the 500 degree F range. Learn how to read.
We find comfort among those who agree with us – growth among those who we don’t.
@Mem, how can you grow when you can't learn?
@Phil, Michael - well said. I've run into too many like "mem". Facts have no meaning as they start with the a priori belief that the official version is a lie, and ignore anything that shows they are wrong. You will never convince them. The value in arguing with them, however, lies in the ability to influence others who might be "on the fence" or otherwise scientifically uneducated. Those others might be swayed by an argument that on the surface sounds reasonable ("burning jet fuel couldn't have melted the support structure") but is easily revealed to be a strawman (no official version says steel was "melted" or "annealed", the collapse didn't require either).
I came to read about the ship that was found, and I leave being highly amused by the foil hat brigade comments about where the plane really is....
Speaking of planes, what about that Amtrak derailment today? I wonder what caused that?
everyone knows it landed on that new chinese aircraft carrier that uses electromagnetic catapult and retrieval system btw I found the Aluminum Foil Deflector Beanie (ATDB) the most effective device of its kind for an effective, inexpensive and stylish way to combat psychotronic mind control. DIY for a buck $4.97 at amazon...
Maybe they should be looking in a large hangar about 200 miles from where they are.
The week thus far, in review. Scott annihilates Truth Pricess. TRUTH PRINCESS: The oil price is $59.06 right now, let's get it up to $500.00, Princess needs new shoes. SCOTT: You need a lot more then new shoes..... (Truth Princess thinks that's a compliment, lol) TRUTH PRINCESS: FEVP I truly feel sorry for you. Thanks for your support Scott M, XOXOXOXOXO FEVP: You are so stupid that you think Scott complimented you. You must be easy at JDubs. TRUTH PRINCESS: Scott, Thanks again for the compliment. I really think we have a lot in common. SCOTT: Don't include me in your idiotic troll games TP. Take your rainbow troll hair elsewhere. TRUTH PRINCESS: Scott, I understand a woman of my beauty is hard to resist, Don't fight it. (@TP, you do realize that sometimes you call yourself a fat loser, and sometimes say you're attractive. Did you know that yahoo comments don't include pictures? So how would Scott know what you looked like? Ya gotta start thinking) SCOTT: (and this is the BEST): I'd rather stick my penis in an electric socket. Your trolling won't work on me, don't waste your time. Still funny.
Somebody needs to get some mental help, Stalking and Rambling shows a pattern of real mental problems. Oh Yeah, I forgot, you are a Democrat. Case has been closed.
When you generalize and condemn an entire group of people (in this Democrats), you have taken the first step towards fascism. So it makes sense you would hate and disparage people with intellectual disabilities. You show a pattern of real mental problems. Case closed, but observation will continue.
"You're mostly only talking to me you know" This is a scary sentence , Now you are into delusional paranoia . I will certainly make sure that you never find out my Address.
I'm not looking. Besides, who would want to go to a trailer park. I'm just pointing out your lying, your hypocrisy, your auto-hate mode. And mostly, I am pointing out your utter intolerance. Especially for people less advantaged than you. It's despicable that you would denigrate people with disabilities. What has a person with autism, down syndrome or cerebral palsy ever done to you. Nothing. But you disparage them. I am their defender. Sarah Palin and George Will too. But not you. You wouldn't volunteer to help others if it meant free beer. So hang onto that hate 'teet' TP. ( I love when you spell words wrong. And use the wrong word like principals instead of principles). So go now and stand up and do the right thing. Apologize for trashing people, including kids, with disabilities. Then go do some volunteer work somewhere. I'm waiting.............................I'm waiting....................
FEVP, Keep waiting, you have proven that you are a Paranoid Schizophrenic that reads things different than most people and seems to make stuff up that was not written. Please refer to your posts on this thread and your 225 responses to my comments, You can continue on your lunatic fringe ways but I will not respond to anything that you say from now on, just continue looking like a fool. If I knew you were in my town I would have a restraining order against you like I am sure people in your town have already against you. You have now been blocked so I cannot see what you write. Regards Truth Princess Watching my back for a helmet wearing psycho in my home town.
Good grief...things get curiouser and curiouser at Yahoo...at the rate I am muting folks here, I may end up talking to myself...
When they find the plane you will say it's photoshop.
Look, they BOTH laughed hysterically. Creepy.
Jatcee, Kinda easy to tell who the Creeper is.
It's Jaycee, not Jatcee. Try to pay attention Truth Princess. And thanks Jaycee. XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO
I believe the plane was most likely brought down by gravity
One law that can't be broken.
I think aerodynamics may have had a hand in it too. Sneaky basterd.
@ FYI - lol @ Kingfish - You betcha @ j - What does IQ stand for
Somewhere over the rainbow. Sherlock Holmes you have met your match.
How big is a cricket ball?
Laws of Cricket #5: Between 224 and 229 mm in circumference.
It's a new Twilight Zone TV Show: "The disappearance of Flight 370"
It's hard to believe they have not found a single piece of this plane? One can only wonder if it really went down in the ocean at all.....
The ocean is big. This particular big place is also very deep. Places that are big and deep take time to find stuff in.
A story, without a story. Plenty of junk in the ocean … Wake me up when you find the actual plane. Thanks.
smh clearly the plane was stolen... whomever did this landed it somewhere and did whatever they had planned with it. . stop wasting millions of dollars searching for something thats not there.
@moo: " ...clearly the plane was stolen" Evidence, please?
Many aircraft have been going missing for every decade since 1856 (hot air balloon missing north of Cuba).
wherever MH370 landed, it was likely on land, not in the water. If it had landed in the water, it would have broken up and pieces would have washed ashore somewhere. Why they're not searching the jungle in Malaysia or the Maldives, I dont know
Yes, because a Giant Airbus landed in the jungle somewhere... ughhh
Or maybe it got caught in some wicked jet stream at high altitude and it's still flying around...
Well, ain't that the way it goes? Looking 4 a plane & they found a ship. Heh heh heh... If they had been looking for the ship, they would've FOUND THE PLANE!!! Huh?
It is a very long article for just saying we found a very deed shipwreck while looking for MH 370!
I thought I heard a long time ago that the search for the plane was called off. I'm surprised and happy to hear that they are still looking for it, but I doubt it's in water.
Rest in Peace , poor unknown sailors .
I'm sure they will find lots of ship wrecks in that area, but not a trace of flight 370.
MH370 is being prepped by peaceful Muslims for a charity work.....
And the tinfoil hat crowd goes wild.
They are looking in the wrong place. It LANDED.
That's the USS Hope & Change
So how old is the shipwreck?
We can't tell you ! Because its a secret ! In fact its a "super secret" So shhhhhhhh !
#$%$ article read tons of data on the search ,tell us more about the ship or plans to research the ship or any records that indicated what ship it might be ????????????????
At the end of the article, the article stated that they are turning the data over to marine archaeologists to help identify the find. Maybe paying closer attention would help lol
So how long are they going to keep searching for this thing?
how long would it take you to give up on finding your missing child?
Until they are done mapping that area of the world. They probably are checking to see what minerals are abundant there for future exploitation.
I don't think that this plane just crashed somewhere. Something more sinister happened. I don't doubt that the plane was taken and it will be used in the future as a weapon.
That is not a ship..It has a perfectly square end on it with huge writing on the side of it,maybe a container off of a ship...
Can they use this technology to find Obama's cahonies???
Obammy does not have any thats why they can not find them and never will
Look up! I keep telling people to look WAY UP!
This is like trying to find something the size of the pointy end of a pin in an Olympic size pool at night.....
Who is paying for all of this searching?
I bet crickets have really small baIIs.
REPEAT AFTER ME----THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS UFO'S OR ALIENS. Other than the ones crossing the border to reach Nirvana.
braindead? so we are alone in the universe?
At least they know the gear is working.
all the technology in the world searching outer space,but we cant find a plane on our own planet!
Hah! These guys are finding everything but that plane
"... in one of aviation's greatest mysteries." Right up there with Amelia Earhart
Send them back out and tell them to look for a shipwreck.
While I admire the tenacity and dedication of the Australian search teams....I doubt that MH 370 will ever be found!!!...
where are the pictures of the shipwreck? terrible article
the top view of the wreck is the top picture in this article I believe, unless it is some kind of "file" picture. be nice if they said it was or was not the shipwreck tho...typical yahoo news stellar reporting.
It's great that they found the anchor of the plane.
What if....DUN-DUN-DAH! the plane never actually crashed? woooooooooo! scary!
SS Cyclops is still missing, 308' Navy ship. Someone needs to tell Dr. Bob Ballard about this.
How about some info on the ship, any speculation? Type, when it went down, name of ship etc.....are there plans to pursue the sunken ship to get more info.
Finding this plane will be more like finding the fabled White Whale.
terrific, i would like to know if any treasure is on this ship or just ordinary items ..
That plane is with Amelia Earhart's plane..
This would be a good episode for a relaunch of the old "In Search Of..." series with Leonard Nimoy from the '70s.
They need to let it go...how many millions have been spent on looking for dead people that could be spent on feeding, clothing, giving shelter to live people....such a waste....and what are they going to do if the find it? spend millions more trying to retrieve it, which I would say would be impossible...
Not impossible , expensive but certainly not impossible.
Easy to say for you, unless your wife was on that plane.
@Michael...My wife wouldn't mind if she was never found and I wouldn't mind it either...when you are dead you are dead...what is the difference between being buried in a hole or underwater..If I was on that plane I would want the 10's of millions of dollars being wasted on finding me to help actual living people in need...
@Michael...the problem is that many people believe that the flight actually never crashed. And so finding the remains will give closure. Some of the families are still holding onto the idea that they're family members are still alive.
I'm one of them, I think it landed. If it crashed, some type of debris would have been found by now. I truly feel for the families that are being left in limbo.
No wonder why you're so unhappy and desensitized - your own wife would never care if she wasn't ever found? lol. And what about your children? Them too? Every single person on that plane was a son or daughter or mother and father to someone. How about giving some closure to the families? But I guess that doesn't matter. Yes - let's continue to provide aide to starving nations across the world because that makes more sense than giving closure to people that have lost loved ones and have NO idea what happened to them.
Just gotta go across the ocean like a lawnmower I guess. Back and forth until you cover the entire area, should only take about 25 years if you're doing it 24/7.
Maybe they should look for a shipwreck, then they are able to find the plane,.....lol !!!
And you base that idiotic statement on what exactly?
If by landed you mean crashed, yes.
No...landed, camouflaged and repurposed. This plane did not crash.
The Malaysian captain was actually successful in committing the perfect crime . Imagine if he had a getaway boat that was waiting to pick him up after the water landing .
Like an asian James Bond flik? Hmmm, reachingg,,
I wonder if there were any nuclear armed cruise missiles onboard Flt. MH-370 ?
Probably a rowboat, jezzz, & some jug water,
Might as well stop looking...it didn't crash. It is currently in some rag head country being converted into a flying bomb.
Simple. Some second mate dropped anchor in 12,795 feet of water, with only 12,794 feet of chain.....
The plane will eventually show up...packed with explosives and terrorists.
Basically told me nothing about the shipwreck find : (
odds are they are not finding this plane, i'm sorry but those resources would be better spent elsewhere
The Dharma Initiative has possession of the black box from MH370.
I still believe that the plane was high jacked to some country.
I didn't know crickets had balls.
SE Asia has crickets the size of Rottweilers
Airlines Flight MH370........ Have they searched hangers in Russia, China, Pakistan, Iran and all hangers belonging to bad guys that don't like us ?
Nope.......never will....political junk in the way
Why would they search those locations for a plane which did not have sufficient fuel on board to reach them from its last known position?
@Jeffrey: "More than enuff fuel." Evidence, please?
Let me know when they find Jimmy Hoffa.
O.K., but what of the shipwreck? Will they find out what ship it was and why it was never reported? THAT is the question of the day.
One of those stank a++ camel-humpers on the plane jacked it to some third-world sh1+h01e (where everyone worships the false god allah and has s9x with little boys) and it's being converted into a flying bomb right now.
It's being prepared as a delivery vehicle....
If that is true, why choose this plane among thousands of other probably easier targets? It had high ranking scientists on board and most of the passengers were Chinese. Why stir up the rage of China? The only thing I feel confident about is that it never plunged into the ocean because no debris has ever been found. This search operation is a total waste of money and resources.
Search under camoflage netting in West Africa if you want to find the missing Malaysian aircraft. It's not under the water.
MH370 IS ON A ALIEN MOTHERSHIP....What about The Ship Wreck? That's why I read this chit.
wouldn't it be cool if the plane just landed one day, as if nothing thad happened? Time warp or Freaky alien abduction...cool!
"A high-resolution sonar scan shows images of a previously uncharted shipwreck found whilst searching …" Please stop using the word "whilst".
can they hear tapping in the hull?
I wish i could be part of the search team
That area of the planet needed to be searched...and mapped; however, it is a shame the searchers are looking in the wrong place. They would have been better advised to go north instead of south, but then that would have ruffled way too many feathers.
That is the problem.... they are only searching in "politically correct" places! They need to look either in China or in the Middle East, but that is a political minefield.
That's a lonely place to sink...
man this plan is the best in the hide and seek business
Maybe they should look for shipwrecks and then find the plane !!
Does the Pilot get to claim Rights of Salvage?
Suppose that any plane (such as MH370) set out to fly off and crash or hide without being detected....what are the odds that he could get away with it?
Pretty Damn Good! During the cold war the Soviets would fly above and aft of commercial aircraft to gain entry into NATO countries. Perhaps this piggy back toi Russia as first allege.
Did they Check in Hillary Clinton's #$%$
it is looking like the aircraft may never be found.. But I would like to know what the ship was.. They did not show on a map, could be left over from WWII a lot ofships went down
Kind of hard to tell what kind of ship it was. They say that coal was found amongst the wreckage. It could be that this might be an old steam powered ship or probably just a coal carrier.
Wonder if they will find my missing sock
Terrible as always Yahoo! You got me again. You told me about a shipwreck then gave almost no details about said shipwreck. The rest of the story is just about things we have all heard on CNN a million times. I'm going to buy a newspaper.
so who has the rights to the ship wreck ? Next thing you know that area will be filled with treasure hunters
Maybe it's just a cargo container carrying an anchor and some coal!?!
Its time to consult a fortune teller
they're never going to find the wreckage because there isn't any.
they're never going to read your comment because there isn't any.
Arrgh!! Any other treasure found in the search be mine
No one is ever going to find this aircraft.
what about the ship they found?
It's pretty clear that the plane went back to The Island.
Failure and giving up is not an option. The plane will be found even if we have to nuke Kuala Lumpur to get answers.
Wouldn't it be something if those bright spots on Ceres turned out to be the wreckage...
I think they are going to find a lot of "unknown" stuff down there, as no one has really searched this area like this before...
And the ship they found is? Has to be one gone missing in that region???? One carrying cricket balls, most likely.
Weather forecasters are experts, too.....and we all know how accurate they can be.
Maybe they will find Bin Laden's body.
who knows which intelligence agency took this plane
Calm down. After they are done using this airplane filming the new season of "Lost", they will return it.
There was no crash of a flight MH370. Still milking this one? Really? wow.
i do not see an anchor
At the end of age, this plane will never be found.
Why is it that you search for one particular thing and then you found other random things that you may have lost at another time but of course, you don't care now lol
Must be very boring, staying deep in the wild sea!!
I dont believe the plane is in the water. Maybe we will never know.
Not sure it could crash anywhere else with out being spotted by some form of the population. Had it landed somewhere we would have video of execution or ransom demands.
If They 'Really' Want to Impress, Find... O.J.'s alleged Knife&Gloves!
He's looking for the "real killer" in the Nevada prison system.
The water sure is clear 2.5 miles down.
But... unfortunately no sunlight, #$%$. So you are not really making any point.
Daniel my point was that the water is clear...sunlight or not.
And now there is a missing military helicopter with US Marines on board, Alien abductions!!!!
It's probably what's left of Shrillary's email server equipment ....
It's like real life lost maybe? JJ Abrams knew the future
do you know what is funny the wast of money being spent looking for this plane.
It's gummint. If they didn't waste it here, they'd waste it somewhere else. At least they're finding some cool old sheet.
All of the expert advise has been deemed wrong.
What happened to "that's where it is"? Now they're saying IF that's where it is? What a waste of time and money that search has been. Plane never crashed.
Hey moron - where are you getting you info from? Just wondering who you are moronically repeating.
And good morning to you too, sunshine. Get up on the wrong side of your mom's basement?
So if it didn't crash it's either still flying or they miraculously hid a jumbo jet and 200+ passengers for over a year. You my friend should have been swallowed.
Forget the plane for now--what's the shipwreck?!
Look in the mirror, TKMH. World's fugliest shipwreck will be staring right back at you.
Coal might mean it was a steam ship. That is pretty cool.
Who is paying for all this?
I've never been a conspiracy therory person, but how can you not contemplate the option that this plane will be used for a terror attack? No one ever dreamed that something like 9/11 would happen.......whose to say this isn't at all possible?
because you can't just "hide" a jumbo jet SMH
They're still searching for that thing?
Yes, And if you had had family on it, you too would want closure.
Where do you draw the line?
The plane is gone. Why keep searching ? Its stupid wasting all that money looking for it.
The wreckage, the bodies, and more importantly what happened to cause the plane to crash? Was it preventable, was it a mechanical failure, was it weather related, was it cyber terrorism etc.? You get the idea?
That 80's Guy, Its been over a year since the plane went down in the ocean. If they find the plane the bodies would be long gone by now. The black boxes would no longer be useful. How would they determine cyber terrorism ? They know it went down deliberately so what difference does it make finding it? Do you comprehend?
And the U.S. guberment is now going to bring up the treasures and keep it. Thanks for doing the work now they will come in and reap the rewards.
What are you talking about? Oh wait - you're just an idiot. Sorry - continue babbling on.
The plane is in Iran , and has been from the start . Another 9/11 is on the way
the plane is on land and is going to be used again .who ever is paying for this search all these months is crazy .just a waste of $$$$$$ and time .
Its not in the ocean. Its in the Middle East somewhere.
i'm glad the found the s.s. minnow
I know for a fact that the minnow shipwrecked on the island. I saw it on tv enough times! ok... ginger or mary?
guess no one prefers Mrs Howell
That reminds me when I went to a boxing match and a hockey game broke out.
This plane is not in the water. Start looking somewhere else. It is either on land or landed remotely on land intact. Who knows if there are survivors and being held for future ransom. Please pray for closure on this.
They are looking in the wrong place for the plane. MH370 landed. It is not in the ocean.
Please tell the world where it is
If it crashed, there would have been debris--suitcases, clothes, SEAT CUSHIONS THAT FLOAT...get the picture?
I think they should look in the outback in Australia.....who knows what you will find out there. Probably sitting there with other airplanes that 'disappeared.'
All these sunken ships all carrying coal, fuel oil, and who knows what else. The EPA ought to do something about that.............
Who is paying for all the searching?
It's looking more like the pilot/butler/maid dun it, especially since the German air tragedy 2 months ago. This search is costing Australia heaps. WhyTF?... Training? Stupid politics? Appeasing China? Treasure? (Arrrgh) If it be f'r treasure, count me in mateys... Arrrgh.
I think Don Lemon is right. The plane was swallowed by a black hole from outer space.
...turned out the shipwreck is actually the 2015 Chicago Bulls!
The plane was hijacked and flown to a hangar. Your gonna find Jimmy Hofa before you find the MH wrecked.
That plane will never be found. The plane broke apart on impact and then a hurricane went through the area a day later. Its in a million pieces.
Texas. Wrong.. The plane never crashed it was landed possibly to the north on one of our abandoned air bases... Had it crashed and broke apart some form of debris would have been noted.
You're both so wrong! The plane increased in air speed until it failed to follow the earth's curveature & just flew off into outer space. I think it may have landed on an asteroid.
@Eric: It landed on the dark side of the Moon. It's being retrofitted to carry the Alien Overlord to Earth. Get ready to bow down to a 13 legged, two headed A.O. The closest its named can be pronounced is Zorgabloobglatzer.
You people are wasting your time and money!!!! You will find flight MH370 when it is used as a bomb of mass destruction!!!! Mark these words!!!!
they still looking for that plane? Give it up its gone. Stop wasting money and man power
So is this like a full time job for these ship and air crews?
RepCons, did they find Obama's Birth Certificate?....hee, hee, you crazy ash moflows.
we are still looking for his birth cert. It is in kenya some where
Anyone else thinking of the tv show LOST?
We don't search this hard for missing children!
We can tag a dolphin and follow its every move. But MH370 and the 239 souls on board.........can't be found. #$%$ kind of world is this?
Thed "dolphin" (There are two kinds- one's a fish, the other isn't) was captured -one of millions- there is one airplane, and it is somewhere in 23 million square miles of water
so they found a shipwreck. they found a shipwreck. this will be an interesting article about them finding a shipwreck. an article about them finding a shipwreck. wow! they found a shipwreck. an anchor and a debris field of a ship wreck. the found a shipwreck. they found a shipwreck. please enter my above story in the yoohoo interesting and informative internet clickbait story competition.
The shipwreck was not reported missing probably
c'mon now they aren't looking for MH370 down there;because it's not in the water. it's on land somewhere and being used after a new paint job. Large planes just don't disappear !
They ought to look for Jimmy Hoffa.
The purpose for this search? It has been how long? Can there be any survivors? What was on that aircraft?
Most wreckage will stay on the bottom of the ocean MH370 , Due to the weight of the people inside the airplane ...
Whatever you say Captain Stupid !
well how important. and youre telling me the US government doesn't know where this plane is? give me a break. and how much money has been spent to find this dumb shipwreck?
and in an startling discovery.....Mitt Romney's taxes!
it went north already. geeezz. millions of dollars and hours of time have been spent and not one sign of anything either floating or otherwise. not looking in the right place!!!!!!!!!!!!
No wonder they can't find this airplane , they are looking down instead of up.
I'm spoiled for Great Lake's shipwrecks... brown stains on a sea bed are over-rated.
maybe they can find my lost tv remote.....................
Nice, but that's not what you're looking for. Focus on finding the plane.
Waiter, there's a fly in my soup.
For Christ's Sake ,,,this would be laughable if it were not so very pathetic ,,,,,,
Astralians are contracdicting themselves. Aren't you supposed to be mad at Indonesians for executing 2 of your drugs smugllers?
totally fake, you can see the duct tape...
After all the searching surprised they have not found more than this now.
and that's all you've got???? LAST in brains.
You should be in school, what are you 11 or 12????
Why all the crash stories right before I get on a plane?
It would be great if they find the rift where the Kaiju come from..
Time to call thsi off and stop wasting money..all of these people are dead.
There's a few tens of millions spent wisely..............................
Arrrrrrrrrr maties, be thar any gold down there
They won't find it cause it is in Russia!! Wake up Sheeple!!!!!!
Go look in Israel if you want to find the aircraft. The Jews took it.
Almost like shopping went looking for a new pair of shoes ..found a new jacket?. At least the ship was found,expect many more shipwrecks to be found in the future.As for that ""Plane ""??? well look under "'Secret Agenda"" !!. somethings are meant..and I mean meant not to be found !.
Santa lost his bag of coal.....
I am sure it want yours!!!!!!!