Just take a few Asian whiz kid engineers and I'm sure they could do a better job of finding this aircraft.
It can not be intact any where. Boeing puts GPS on the plane. Malaysia Air puts GPS on the plane. Rolls Royce puts GPS on the engines. The only way those systems would have all gone down was a massive power failure, in which the plane would not have continued to fly. For some one to disable them they would have to know the security procedures of all 3 entities to be able just to locate where they were installed. Even if some group was able to hijack it, turn off the transponders, and land it unnoticed, it would have been located by GPS. By some far off chance they managed to kill all of the GPS systems before they were pinged, getting it back in the air undetected for a terrorist strike is unlikely. The reason the 9/11 planes were successful was because they were where they were supposed to be, in US air space. If this plane goes back up it has the signature of when in was flying before. If they manage to break into the system and assign a flight number to it to mask it it would have to be one already registered with the FFA to be in US air space which would be a red flag, since 1 plane would show up in 2 locations. If it did not have a registered flight number it would be intercepted once it entered US air space. The fact that it has not been found is not an argument. There are many ship wreck sites the are narrowed down with greater accuracy than the search area of this that hasn't been found. Just look how long it took to find and reach the Titanic, and they knew the exact longitude and latitude it was at when it stopped sending. The only conspiracy theory that is even close to being viable is the new planes can be controlled from the ground, incase of an emergency and a terrorist group hacked the system and crashed it. But if that was the case, then there would already have been someone coming forward to claim responsibility. I would think it is more likely the pilot was distressed, killed the systems and took the plane in a nose dive into the water, minimizing a debris field, and it all sunk.
U.S. air space? What makes you think the U.S. is the only target for the animal farm that is islam?
GPS is a receiving technology meaning that signals from the gps satellite system are received and a coordinate set computed. The coordinate now exists IN THE PLANE and is of no use to anyone on the ground unless it is transmitted by radio. The transponder may have it but that was not functioning. The ACARS system does not have it, and ACARS was off on this plane anyway. The ACARS pings, however, were functioning and that is what they used to compute the arc of travel.
You are right about all of those measures but I know someone who works with these satellites in the military, with a very high secret clearance. That plane did not crash. Period. The engines were tracked and the plane did not go down. The gov't does not want people to know because they want deniability when it is used again. And they weren't able to get an exact location. Only that it was taken. And it took weeks/months for the gov't to process all of the info from the satellites and during the time it took to process, the trackers from those security measures stopped working. Hence no exact location.
It was so secret that people who had this clearance could not discuss any more details with anyone, not even people with higher clearance than the President.
They how did they discuss it with YOU, Karen. What is your clearance?
You are right Gary, but I am sure all three have the systems set up so they can send a signal to their individual system to force it to report a location. If my daughters cell phone can be prompted to report its location with out any direct user input, even while off but with minute battery, I am sure a multibillion dollar plane can too. The catch is it would need power to operate. Thus a complete catastrophic failure of active power and backup battery power is the only way to shut the GPS off. If some one hijacked it and landed it the GPS pings would have found it. I am sure all three started looking for it as soon as it was realized it was gone..
Again, it's not the gps that is a single point of failure. It's also the RADIO that get's the location transmitted to ground.
You are correct Michael. The point about US air space was because since the disappearance most that think it was stolen are worried about another 9/11. It wouldn't be able to enter any other country for the same reasons. That being said, what makes you think Islam is the only ones capable of it? Too young to remember the IRA?
Gary, are you being purposely dense? I'm not saying that the US is the only target, only that it was inferred to w/out actually breaking clearance. I may be off on some details but this plane did not crash and is still in existence and in ONE piece somewhere.
I see what you are saying Gary. I just doubt all three would share the same radio, let alone the single transponder radio, to relay their individual signal. It would also be more simplified to have the transmitter built into the GPS units used than to have to hook them up to the host hardware.
I have heard the theory about controlling it from the ground...that theory also concludes that it would not be a terrorist organization but either a demonstration to sell such a technology or ransom to the airlines sort of blackmail from not doing it again....imagine what it would do to the industry if everyone knew that there was somebody with technology to take down an airplane at a moments notice. Imagine how much a person could get for selling that technology or how much you could extort from the airline industry.
No Karen -- I'm being purposely pointed. If anyone with clearance leaked anythinig -- even a hint -- then it IS breaking clearance. So, either you associate wth people with high clearance and loose lips -- or you're tin-foil hat is showing. I say the latter.
IF and it's a big if there is a backdoor for ATC to control an airliner it is for the sole purpose of crashing it or guiding it away from populated areas.
Pointed Gary-There are no tin foil hats here. Do you really think that I am going to elaborate any further here. No, of course not. I'm not flapping "loose lips" only that there is a much bigger situation going on here and that the public are just acting like the apathetic people that the majority are, swallowing whatever lies the gov't shovels in. Inferences may not be the best but they DO NOT BREAK CLEARANCE.
Its a waste of time and resources to keep looking when you consider how long it took to find the Titanic and they knew where she went down.
Well there are few things to consider, #1, to help the families find closure, #2 to recover black boxes or anything to indicate what happened and perhaps learn from it. The Aussies are pretty driven on this and it helps with ships and crews for future needs to learn how to recover from deep water. Also assets on board, Gold bars... Hopefully everyone learns from this tragedy, better underwater communications gear for aircraft in peril.
I think closure for the families and the airline in the primary factor. I doubt they will recover any data from the black boxes. I am sure salt water has gotten into them by now and rendered them useless.
You must go with the theory that it is there, somewhere, you will find it, if you keep looking. It didn't just disappear.
With all of the technology available, it is inexcusable that an airplane can just vanish. I was extremely optimistic that it would be located when this incident occurred. Now I believe it will never be located.
It's probably got new paint and is already back in service. I pity the poor passengers that were murdered.
That math model used for analysis of the plane's flight path should be dropped and go back to the confirmed data points. By starting their either radar or last transponder ping you can create projected paths with realistic tracks of paths that support good mathematical statistics. It may be right under or in circular area within the last accurate plot. Put the plane in a slow turn and guess.
The plane was aloft for about 7 hours after it lost contact. That leaves a big margin of error without more data. The ACARS pings provide the corroborating data points.
Always heard the "black box"continues giving a signal and even a rough grid search should be able to come up with something
Question: Seismometers are used to measure motions of the earth. On the day in question, were there any marine seismometer positive readings (apparently, these devices are so sensitive, they even picked up the Kursk submarine disaster of Aug. 2000) . If there were multiple positive responses, can this information be used to triangulate the impact site?
"Back to the drawing board" is government-ese for "OK, we've got to come up with something better than this story". It landed somewhere, most likely Pakistan. With every cell phone on the planet GPS tracked in REAL TIME, they cannot find this behemoth of a plane? Sorry, but that story doesn't hold water (no pun intended). Had it hit the water, SOMETHING would have been found. With all the tracking devices deliberately shut off according to flight analysis, what else could have happened? Sure, we WILL see MH370 again, in one piece, as all of the involved governments expect. But we will never hear the truth. Heck, they might even mock up some parts to throw in the ocean just to play as if they found something from it. Wouldn't be the first time we were lied to by our OWN government. Or anyone else's, for that matter.
Cell phones are only tracked if they are within reach of a cell tower. Go to the Indian Ocean and see if your cell phone works -- and is tracked.
OK Gary, commit a felony and go to the Arizona desert. They WILL find you, hundreds of miles from a cell tower.
The whole problem is that the transponder can be turned on and off from the cockpit. BIG MISTAKE. Make it impossible to get to while in flight.
I thought that was done after 9/11.
Best theory I have heard is somebody figured out how to control modern (newest of the new) airliners from the ground. The airline industry and country are not wanting that information to come out. Could you imagine how that would destroy the Airline industry if people new that a person or organization could simply crash every modern airliner at one time. Could you also imagine how much that technology would be worth or the amount they could use to extort from Airlines or Countries. Just before Flight 370 disappeared. Two sophisticated Drone aircraft where taken over by someone in Iran where it was flown into Iran and landed. Another was done recently in Ukraine (that one crashed)
armando, on spot my boy! A high school student can easily hack into a simple car computer and control it by(remote) simple key commands and if their really good hack your bank account from your phone or the cars automated distress activation at the moment of havoc! Same with planes only the stakes are higher AKA pay to know!
Keep wasting time and money for the dead instead on the living! There was a fire that killed everyone and the jet was on auto pilot, ditched/ no fuel= that simple! They were carrying computer batteries!
I believe they need to try something different to build up their confedence. Maybe catch a loose dog then a pot smoker
The mathematical model being used for signal analysis of the plane's flight path should be published in a good peer reviewed journal of math and engineering?
Maybe the Mexican Government should give them a hand they keep finding top drug lords and in Ensenada, Baja California at least once a week they find someone wanted in the U.S. Go figure they can't find jobs for the people but they can find criminals from the U.S. every week.
Lets take away this so-called "satelite handshake" lead that is the single and only evidence supporting that the plane is in the southern indian ocean. Which authorities admittedly say is a weird way to track a plane, never been done before and probably not all that reliable. Now lets look at every other piece of evidence except that. Two countries independently had the last radar of MH 370: malaysia and thailand. They both independently show the same exact data that the last moments on radar are of the plane traveling north in the malaka strait and taking a sudden sharp turn west before disappearing from radar. That is the last known radar tracking of the plane. Officials say the plane went south after this but no country could confirm that. The two major countries that should have picked up MH370 on radar if it went the way they say were indonesia and Australia...but neither country could find it when looking over their radar. So if the pane continued its last known heading at radar heading west with a slight southerly pitch where is the next land it would hit? Answer: The maldives. Heading at normal cruising altitude from the position the plane was in at its last known radar position it should have reached the maldives around 6:15am. Eyewitness reports from more then two dozen people in the maldives claim to have seen an extremely low flying commercial jet with red stripes over the island around 6:20am. The islanders claim it was so low and so loud it woke them up and they had never seen a plane flying so low over the island before. Some of the eyewitnesses claim that as it approached the island it pitched south and out of view. What is south of the maldives? Diego Garcia, a United States top secret air force base in the middle of the indian ocean. I'm a US citizen my entire life but I believe the United States government created a weapon that can remotely control an airplane while shutting down all of its tracking equipment. But the only way to test if something like that really works as well as you think it does is to tst it in a real situation and let other countries come together to see if they can figure it out, if they are truly puzzled obviously your device really works. What better a place to test it on then a little island country in the pacific? It's my hope that they are allowing the people on the plane to live out their days in some capacity on the island of diego garcia. But if you truly and honestly look at all of the information here and only discredit just the one piece of evidence in the satellite handshake all evidence points to this plane going in the direction of diego garcia. It should also be pinted out that not a single shred of wreckage has been found at this point you would have expected at least acouple seat cushions but there has been nothing!!!
I'll agree to the hard theory that the plane did make a safe landing somewhere.
Yeh..something really strange went on with this plane. To me something or someone took control of this aircraft and re-directed it who knows where and for what purpose. But that the disappereance was the work of the hand of men, you can count on it.
There is a polar vortex off the north west edge of Malaysia, just like the Bermuda Triangle. This plane is lost in this vortex. Look up the vortex spots around the world.
You are asking us to not only "forget" about the most important data but the only data so you can make some crazy assumptions. ALL of those eyewitness accounts were dismissed and the Inmarsat data when reverse engineered is the only data on this plane. Stop watching the Syfy channel and making wild claims and assumptions. The plane may not be found using their current technique but it is a lot better to go by satellite data and computations than by some new doomsday weapon theory Capt. Spock
@Jim, it's very possible @Mikey Inmarsat might not be all that reliable or there could be something that purposefully interfered with it! Don't forget that Area 51 doesn't and never existed according to our gov't.
Jim: ~ I TOO have long considered Diego Garcia as a LIKELY destination for Flight 370. By the way -, concerning its passengers -, do keep in mind that most of them were mainland Chinese. It is interesting to consider that part of the reason for this incident, MAY have been the orchestration of a mass "defection" of those Chinese nationals by the U.S. government. ~ Also -, concerning what happened to the airplane itself: There are still many "suspicious circumstances" surrounding that Malaysian Flight MH17 that was (conveniently) shot-down over Ukraine. Could the "Flight MH17" airliner ACTUALLY have been a remotely-controlled "Flight 370"-aircraft (whose radar-track was swopped-out in mid-fight; and whose only "passengers" were unclaimed bodies from European morgues), that was "set-up" to be shot-down -, for propaganda purposes ? Keep in mind that (conveniently) the bodies were not retrieved for many days, by-which-time decay had already started. ~ I KNOW that both of those scenarios are rather "conspiracy-theoristic" but there-again, are they really beyond plausibility ?
The US didn't have to "invent a weapon" to control a commercial plane. It is a system already in place after 9/11. Commercial air liners can be controlled from the ground like a drone, just not as safely or accurately. The only thing there would be to hide if this is what happened was the ability for a terrorist hacking group to break into the system. @Charlie, conspiracy theory or not, I could easily see your explanation being plausible, since only a government agency would have the capability to get it back in the air undetected. Except 370 disappeared too long before the Ukraine crises reached a point that would have been necessary.
WOW! I wish I had the tinfoil hat concession for this comment.
You beat me to it Michael. These are some creative -- and crazy -- minds at work!
You are my friend so #$%$.k.en delusional. Take a nap
@charlie Ilook at evidence to me there is no connection between MH17 and MH370. To me MH17 is cut & dry it was shotdown by russian-backed ukranian rebels. Actually the hardest piece of evidence that makes me believe that is the fact that a known russian backed rebel posted to his twitter account that they had shotdown a another ukranian jet right at the time MH17 was known to have gone down....then he removed the tweet later. That to me was the thing that really makes MH17 a cut & dry story right there. But MH370 if you really look at all the evidence is not cut & dry. There is actually plenty of evidence other than that of the stellite handshake which I presented all in my comment. People like to dumb down evidence because its some "crazy conspiracy" I promise you talk to anyone that really knows anything about aviation and they will tell you something strange is going on with MH370 the types of systems that went down are not easily shutdown nor are many pilots knowledgable to shut them down even if they wanted to (because there is no reason to mainly).
buy looking all over the Indian ocean, is saying anything is possible, "still going with the zombie flight" (???) How does an unpiloted plane land in the water undamaged, & sinks intact?
How many "experts" do they have on this search, hundreds? When not one single piece of this plane has shown up anywhere, I would think the "experts" would come to the conclusion that they are looking in the wrong place, or perhaps the plane is somewhere actually intact. Even the pings could not be identified as actually coming from MH370! Suppose this was a well-planned terror plot, just as 9/11 was. With all the systems disabled MH370 could have actually touched down at some pre-planned location, refueled and even been disguised and flown many thousands of miles away from where it "disappeared".
WOW, Barbara, there you go again, THINKING!
They probably fly cloaked to the point of the path of another 777. Remotely disable their transmitters force them down to the sea. Then assume their radio frequency and proceed to their destination. At any point while in flight they could deploy 50 or more manned or unmanned suicide bomber drones, & hang glider bombers. The rest of the plane is probably planed to detonate having nukes & poisons gas's both.
OK. So what happened to the passengers?
Old goat Why do you assume that the have an concern for the well being of the passengers? north Koreans eat fresh dead, why not their to.
And the brutal reality is the money cannot last forever. China had the most passengers. At some point they will have to take over the whole cost. If not...... The thing is, why no refuse? No debris at all ? And of course why was the electronics shut off ? I am starting to wonder if this aircraft is on land somewhere ?
I'm with you.The chinese dragged their feet from the start and took their sweet old time getting invloved while the US had ships looking.The reason no debris,in my opinion,is they were looking in the wrong area for two whole weeks,anything that was floating was long gone.
I agree, there were a lot of red herrings in this dish!
Guys! Cool down! Let's get a little serious. Loved ones of the victims are heartbroken. There is absolutely no conspiracy theory here. NEITHER US, Russia, N. Korea, any 'alien' force or all put together can suck it out of the air. There is ONLY ONE of the two probabilities: plane crashed 1) on land OR 2) in high sea. Certainties: 1) No survivors 2) debris and skeletons must be on land OR at the bottom the mud at the bottom of deep sea! No third place! Probability 1: If it crashed on land, the nearest human being couldn't be 1000 km away; certainly somebody, somewhere near or distant from the site would certainly have seen some signs of it in one year time. So, it means it did not crash on land. Probability 2: If it crashed in deep sea, may God help us all. The sea floor is vast, mostly un-chartered, deep, inaccessible, zero visibility, heavy and massive debris could be covered under meters of sea mud, no current sonar and satellite scanning and imagery is hi-tech enough to spot this world first. So, this probability is the most probable cause of our inability so far to discover MH-370's resting place. I trust in modern science and hi-tech advancements. Soon its 'burial' location would be found. Nobody can define how soon is 'soon'. I and the world are sorry for the victims and their bereft loved ones. I am personally sorry for Malaysia, a country I love so much, that it was struck with this tragedy.
they comb the sea never land
Thanks Misty. I know! It did NOT crash on land and nobody searched/combed the land and there is no need for it. If it crashed on land some human soul would have discovered it by now...one year!.....No piece of land is too far or inaccessible these days for human beings. It DID crash into deep sea. Search or comb is a completely different story on seabed or deep under sea mud! And, that's where we will find it one day.
MH 370 The "missing plane" IS A HOAX - drill. And we have the proof... Google this... Wellaware1.
It is a hoax. That makes some kind of sense!
As a Malaysian I don't believe that ANY country shot down or had to do with this plane.
Who said it crashed on landing, it made a baby smooth landing.
I'm not saying ET had anything to do with MH370 but it wouldn't be impossible either. How do you know for certain ET didn't "suck the plane out of the air"? Do you know something the rest of us don't know? You have no clue what technology aliens might have. And if you want to tell me you don't even believe in aliens, then you are naive. Just consider how big our own universe is and how small it actually is in the grand scheme of things. There is no way Earth's occupants just happen to be the only life forms in existence, anywhere.
Do you really think it made it to the bottom of the sea floor in one piece? That would be an incredible feat!
no matter what - not flying anymore they should connect the world with supertrains (each car must have a brake) each train station a destination with superlunchboxes & supercolorfuldrinks - now
A baby smooth landing on a nicely paved runway. Do I have to spell out everything for you?
check at the Konarak airport just inside the Iran border from the ocean, it has a 2 mile runway and a very large hanger on the south side. The pilot of this plane was teaching two Irainians how to fly this plane at his home whith a flight simulator, now this pilot is being treated like a king in Iran for giving them a passenger plane BOMB ?
Havent heard about this. I will check it out.
Surprising that no debris has washed up anywhere, you would think something would show up. Lots of questions with few answers.
Can't find what your not allowed . Anyone who believes this fairy tale about this 777 simply disappearing after being in the air "supposedly " for so many hours needs to return to reading Aesop's !
Unless they can drain the Indian Ocean, the plane probably will never be found.
I think they can waste time looking in the ocean all they want but to have absolutely no debris is very, very odd. That plane is on land.
So far, with all of the ships and aircraft searching every possible track the plane could have taken they can't even find one single piece of floating debris. the Plane is NOT in the water. it is on dry land somewhere, has to be, no other possible excuse. They are still finding WWII bombers that disappeared into the jungles of china, India and other boarding countries.
If it crashed on land, there would've been a fire. Fire creates smoke, and an airliner on fire creates a lot of it, which someone would've seen for sure. If not in person, then on satellite imagery. If the plane is on land, it is in one piece and not laying in jungle somewhere.
Jon, Thank you for that, lots of people are under the impression because we have technology in certain parts of the world that are really incredible we also have them in places like the middle of nowhere. This crash area is in the deepest parts of the ocean and the area nearest (Australian west coast) is not well populated except by natives. Did I say it was realllly deep. Yes I did. Footnote: as the direct result of this disappearance the aviation industry is developing a new type of tracking device for transoceanic aircraft that will not be accessible to the pilots. Hopefully future aircraft disasters will provide greater detail and location information. It is indeed heartbreaking for families to not have closure on the loss of their loved ones.
Bring a few sandwiches with I bet they are getting hungry by now.
The plane is gone get over the fact that no survivors made it. Even if they do find it, does it bring back the dead smh people just need to let this go.
It's not about bringing people back. The big question is did the lithium battery cargoi ignite? If so, they have to be banned from all aircraft.
That is a very important item, the lithium battery cargo. very dangerous if not packaged properly. In catastrophic situation that could cause a fire, real bad, high temp fire at that.
They suffered a major loss of resources in the search. The Italians took their glass bottomed boats back.
Any one that followed this and especially in the beginning should come to the conclusion the airplane went north and not south....The last know radar contact showed it was going North West. I think they are looking at these engine pings that took them to the south should be inverted.
you are right, it went northwest to Iran around the point of India and Sri Lanka to get to the Kanarak airport in Iran
I know I will have many thumbs down, but I just do not believe this plane is in ANY body of water. This plane is on land somewhere. Unfortunately the passengers have long since been disposed of may they all RIP. I am afraid we will see this plane again in some capacity other than what it was intended in the future. And that folks is Just My Opinion!
And you are exactally right !!!! The crew and passengers have been dealt with long ago, but that craft is in one piece, in some remote place and that scares me stiff.
Yes, I say this on first day. Look in some small Airport in Russia.
The passengers could be alive, or at least a number of them. There were 20+ very high tech people on board who might be useful. If we want to go with the gov't testing out their "cloaking" equipment on their own plane, a majority if not all of the passengers might have been "selected" and all have new identities now!
Malaysian Flight 17 was shot down by Russian military and crashed in the Ukraine. Plane and human remains have been recovered. Russians still deny any involvement as always. Flight 370 was tracked to southwest of Australia and then no more signal. This is one of the deepest points in the ocean off Australia. Currents and water clarity are always a problem. Some of the trenches are several miles deep. Ask James Cameron... Every year wreckage is discovered from 100's of years ago, that has gone undetected. It's all possible even in this technical age. It's a really deep ocean as I stated earlier and the technology is good but nothing is perfect. Let's hope they are successful.
I say it is in the jungles of Viet Nam somewhere.
Barbara they never posted the manifest, that is the scariest part.
With just a single lie you made to the Nation about the tear gas into Tung Shin Hospital some 2 years back, somewhat mar the credibility of yourself as a minister in trying to address such a tragedy of this magnitude. Why don't you start with looking yourself in the mirror and call the person a moron to begin with. Start from there.
THE BIG QUESTION mark is WHY Malaysian Air Force didn't scramble FIGHTER JETS to intercept that plane when it changed course flying WEST ? Too cheap to pay for some gas ? Too lazy ? All sleeping ? UFO abduction and it's too scary to fight ? WHY ? WHY ? WHY ?
They need to start looking on land. Particularly Diego Garcia.
Yea, they were greeted on Diego Garcia by Jerry Garcia and treated to Cherry Garcia.
That plane is not sitting on the bottom of any ocean and all the relevant governments are only too aware of that fact, the so called search is there to appease the victims' families when in reality something far more sinister is at play.
The plane landed and the computer codes are being hacked. The engines start and stop by computer code. Crack the code and planes start falling out of the sky.
I have heard that theory too.
This assumes that there is a way to remotely send control commands to a commerical airliner by some entity like ATC or the FAA. This is fertile ground for the conspiracy crowd because there is no evidence whatsoever that it exists.
Actually Gary it is easy done. Planes either military or civilian are remote controlled all the time. But let me know what your theory is on what happened to the plane.
It is easy if it's designed to do so. To my knowledge commericial airliners have never had such capability. It isn't a design feature.
what the public knows about this is not much --- the only thing we know for sure is that the malaysian gov't did anything and everything they could do to delay and misdirect the initial searches.
I doubt that. They lost a HUGE jet with people from multiple countries? I don't think they will be wasting their time at all. Maybe at the start they were shocked and didn't know what to do since it hasn't happened to them in over 40 years but they started getting on track.
@afeeq ---- were you not able to watch and see the initial reports over the first 60 days when the malayasian gov't repeatedly delayed and misdirected the search?
Hey just place the pieces together. 1. When did Russia invade the Ukraine?? 2. The arc went both north and south. 3. All that is in the south is deep water--miles of it. 4. What went north---Russia Controlled land 5. Who controlled the radar on the north leg--Russia 6. Most of the Stains are still in Russia control. 7. What is the best long range commercial aircraft in the world --the 777 8. Just look at the Russian aircraft industry--The mig 17 is their only truly design--all the others are copies of Boeing aircraft bombers and other manufacture fighters. The Bear is a typical redesign of the old B-29 which they kept 2 of. Those people are in a mass grave and that 777 is in a million pieces being reverse engineered,
Geesus Bill! That's quite a paranoid scenario.
I am beginning to think it did not go down. But an airplane that big and expensive would not/could not stay grounded indefinitely. So start looking for the aircraft by people who work on the aircraft, mech.'s, pilots look for part numbers and any identification possible, Engine numbers, new paint jobs, any thing looking out of place. It might even end up someone's privet aircraft!
Everyone knows where that plane is, they just don't want to admit the truth. It's sitting in a hanger somewhere in Syria or Iran waiting for the next attack. They have a minimum of 14 planes.
I agree with you about MH370 but how did you come up with 14 planes? Didn't know there were that many planes missing.
12 or so commercial planes where "stolen" from Libya after a "Radical Islamic Group" took over a Libyan airport.
Very possible situation, and a craft like that can easylly be re-arranged to carry nuclear weappons. Scary very scary. God forbbids.
While I can appreciate the emotion involved and there is still some search area that has not been done, I think the relatives need to start letting go. The chances that they are going to find this needle in dozens of haystacks is slim. Hope they do, but at this point it is unlikely.
Is there a "Metal detector" device that can be attached to a submersible that can be "programed" to search the ocean floor, or it's depths in an automatic grid, using GPS SYSTEMS, until they find this aircraft? OR, is it in Indonesia, sitting on the ground, well hidden? or perhaps Pakistan?
the ocean is friggin huge especially on the ground with ridges and such, I think isis has it.
It's 2500 miles from Malaysia to Pakistan, directly across India. Sorry, dude, no way.
Pakistan was my first guess. Last year.
I understand it would provide great closure to the families, and all the people that want to know what happened to his plane, if we found it. But how more much time and money are willing to spend looking for a plane that is virtually impossible to find at this point!?
Just go back to the "clue" that sent the search and rescue astray: the "satellite information" provided by UK. Before that MH 370 had been headed west toward Diego Garcia. Since 2009, all Boeing passenger aircraft have an "uninterruptible autopilot" that can wrest a commercial aircraft from hijackers, fly it and land it. The codes, under the auspices of the US authorities, can be used from ground locations or AWACS. In this case, the aircraft went missing, not because of a hijack in progress, but by US government hijacking the plane and flying it to Diego Garcia using the codes to permit remote flying and landing. A Boeing 200 ER with markings like the Malaysia Airlines was seen the next morning flying near the Maldives, southward toward Diego Garcia. No signal from the crash beacons had been sent and the engine sensors reported conditions after a normal landing. MH 370 landed safely or those sensors would not have reported.
MH-370 landed safely to a red carpet welcome at one of the atolls of Maldive Islands, welcomed by its President. And all the people on board are guests of honor of Maldives. They receive royal treatment at the Presidential Palace. And, they are enjoying an extended vacation, basking at the beaches of Maldives! Feeling at home away from home after one year! Hope this pleases someone! Oh, the aircraft? It is buried under the white beach sands and camouflaged with seashells!
And you both know that there is in fact an under ground hangar on DG?
I hope that are still survivors since some of the passengers were rumored to be mermaids.
I guess no one has a sense of humor around here?
If there hasn't been a single piece of debris from this airplane it is safe to say the plane did not crash in water. Common sense will tell you that. The plane is on land either crashed or landed safely. Hate to think what the fate of the passengers were if the plane landed for criminal purposes.
CNN's Jeff Wise has an interesting theory about the plane's final resting place.
Tomorrow is March 8th...Not only did this event happen, but my best friend stopped talking to me on that day. What a coincidence. I'm going to hate tomorrow.
Here's what I think, adding to the zillion theories: The pilot/co-pilot hijacked the plane for $$$. They disabled the transponder purposely around the time they crossed the overlapping zone of radar. That way, nobody will notice them 'disappear' until they were long gone. It was a deliberate act of disabling the transponder - a very difficult thing to do for average pilot. My guess... all the passengers are dead as well as the pilot. Either that or they are in deep dungeon never to be seen again. Whoever stole the plane decided too much risk to let them walk away with millions and dead tells no tales.
Absolutely no reason for the plane to turn 180 degrees on auto pilot and fly to nowhere. It is in a jungle somewhere in Asia.
If it's in a jungle there most certainly would've been a fire and satellite imagery would've captured the smoke plume. If it is on land, it's as Bill said, in the Middle East. (and in one piece)
It was hijacked and is sitting in a hangar somewhere in Yemen or Somalia, being refitted.
Sounds like a Patrick Robinson book,HMS Unseen was awesome..
Malaysian air force could see the plane changed course and didn't bother to scramble some fighter planes to find out? Something fishy is going on here.
Did anybody look in Pakistan or Afganistand, probably hijacked by Islamic Terrorists and all survivors were beheaded. Plane to be used at a later date as a terrorist suicide bomb. Just a theory.
With all the security measures there are in the world, how can one possibly lose a large jet?
Obummer will blame it on Bush.
It will be a year tomorrow, the 8th. This has been a long, unsuccessful search, at a great expense to those involved. I think it is time to back off at least for awhile, it's senseless. It certainly has been an active topic in the media. Let it rest people.
It's a tragedy of course but because they haven't found the wreckage it will be more stuff for the Apocalyptic/Conspiracy Theory crowd to dangle out there to keep the money coming in from stupid people who believe that kind of thing...
Drawing board? How about contacting Russia or the Malaysian government to see who shot it down.
Now I see why you are the real deal.
Wrong. Neither Vlad nor Chinese nor Malaysians nor Australians know. Only the US knows where this plane is. And it is NOT in the Ocean!
Your guess is as good as mine.
Why don't we just ask Brian Williams where it is? I'm sure he was there, he would know the location.
LOL Kayla. That was a good one. Thanks for the laugh :)
It is almost near impossible to find MH370 in the vast ocean.
What does "almost near impossible" mean?
That's because its not in the "Vast Ocean"
Go and look for it in Diego Garcia base. Instead of this stupid stories going around and around to keep it in the news.
Dum Dum--ever been to DG before?? Only b-52 and B1 are there now.
Willy boy is a SHILL of thee highest order, oh and grazing of the giant turd of life .
Better to be accused of being a shill than to be demonstrably proven a paranoiac.
Good luck with that...go look at Diego Garcia....how you going to get an invite?
Thats the point. You will never find the plane. lol
@BluePitBull: I love how you assert these things as if they were facts. You have proof, of course, for your extravagant claims? You have witnesses, and photographs, and radar tracks, and debris pieces to back up such a serious allegation. Of course you don't.
If you know the extent to which flights are tracked today with technology, you will realize that it near to IMPOSSIBLE for a plane to suddenly disappear without any trace. And, you will find this news going round and round with NO END RESULTS, which the authorities themselves know. Everything we see is being done to manage perception.
Malaysian Air Force detected the plane changed course suspiciously but never send some fighter planes to check out ? It's huge WHY question mark here.
It is ludicrous that we are still wasting millions on this when half the world lacks food and shelter. The dead are dead. Deal with it like every other family that has a loved one that has died. I have lost my sympathy for this drawn out futility.
They have declared this an accident when the likely hood of it being an accident is practically zero.
239 decomposed bodies? What's the point?
paris & his should get karma
You got it Eddie. Without GPS on planes, you are toast over the ocean.
they've to find out why so they can prevent paris & loved ones from becoming rotten bodies
not shot not crash - just too ghostly not to try & find out what happen
First of all they should force the Military man that said that he knows but can't say to speak up. The absence of American help shows that they know something. My independent research shows that the plane should be in shallow waters off the coast of McDonald Islands farther south.
Frank=biggerbaboon I must have touched some nerves/truth. Keep cleaning the site but eventually it will be found and criminals put to jail.
So negative in your posts. Need to take some Geography lessons.
WHAT A LIE, this rogue plane became a security threat and was shot down! It won't be stated because it would highlight our new threat tracking and removal abilities. Why the threat was born we may never know, but rest assured no unidentified aircraft is going to fly anywhere as a security threat, especially over a huge U.S. Military installation such as Diego Garcia!
For starters why isn't anyone pressing the US Government for what they know? We map this planet on a 24/7 basis. So what if it reveals the true effects of just how detailed it is. More than likely the plane landed and politics is why no one is really helping.
Even if they did know something, the US government is never going to reveal it's spying capabilities just to find a bunch of dead people. Especially if the plane landed. If the plane landed, most likely the passengers would have all been killed anyway so all that would happen is a covert team would be sent in to destroy the plane and nothing would ever be said. They would not want the public to know that any terrorists were capable of doing this. Better to let everyone think it is at the bottom of the ocean somewhere.
The US made one official statement.....that US Satellites confirmed that no explosion had taken place in air space where MH370 might have been...that's it.
Asiana Airlines crashed their MD 777 into the end of the run way and almost landed into the Pacific Ocean in the process killing three girls from China. So Maybe it is laying just off of a runway someplace.
Really stupid post Stephen and it wasn't an MD777, it was a Boeing 777. Different manufacturer, not that it matters to what happened. Clearly, if it was "off a runway someplace" it would have been found even if they weren't looking there.
With the Disappearance of Malaysian Airlines MH-370, Jacob Rothschild Became the Sole Owner of 'Freescale Semiconductors' Patent Rothschild Takes Down Malaysian Airliner MH370 to Gain Rights to a Semiconductor Patent – Getting Rid of Those Who Stood in His Way! MH370: How Fatal is the Chip That Rothschild Reportedly ‘Acquired’? Blackstone and Jacob Rothschild, beneficiaries of Malaysia Airlines flight disappearance? Rothschild Inherits a Semiconductor Patent for Freescale Semiconductors
Getting REALLY FREAKING TIRED of yahoo adding words that are VERBATIM out of public interviews to the spam filter.
"The Fed is a Privately Held Agency, Completely Independent of US Government–no other agency of government can overrule its actions" Alan Greenspan
You all had better get used to the internet suddenly disappearing.. Google and Yahoo are BOTH removing this interview from the web link by link.
MH370 = MH17 everybody know that it is one only plane. Same. Ask Obama, CIA , how they do that
I don't understand what your saying? sorry
The truth will be out. It is only a matter of time.
by then we are gone as always happen
Yeh, in 50 years when the US declassifies just enough for folks to find out it didn't crash in the ocean.
Oh really? And which "board" would that be, exactly? This story has become foolish fodder for journalistic drop-outs trying to milk it for the next five years.
If land was searched for 100 thousand square miles, this thing would have been found along time ago.
Unless it is on land no one can fly over?
Unless it is in that under ground hangar!
one would think that they would be constantly looking at the data.
Aliens. The answer to anything that disappears...is aliens.
hillary has hidden it in her email account in benghazi
Hillary sold it to Putin for her foundation funds and a promise to leave him alone when she becomes Prez?
U didn't find one floating piece in over 100,000's of square miles of searching, face it you are looking in the wrong places. It didn't crash into water it is on land somewhere.
Putin must be having a good Laugh !
you've combed the sea - now do the land - stupid
just watch - they'll comb sky first before land - stupid
One anniversy of MH370, bless 239 people.
I would of said it is over two months after the missing plane went down , what a waste of man hours and materials , the jet is gone face it people and get past it , it is not going to turn up on some run way anytime soon , it might be found in years from now by some sub then again maybe never
Flight 370 went by way of Obama's birth certificate.
It's always going to be at the last place you look.........hope this helps.
The plane could literally be on the drawing board and they wouldn't find it........
No one has ever looked in the right place.
I know where they will find it! It will be in the last place they look.
Thumbs me up if you think the authorities know exactly what happened.
Sure they do. Rolls Royce (mfg. of the engines) tracked the engines until they landed undamaged. Then they all of a sudden stopped talking.
sorry for their anguish - but it is easy for the relatives to say they will never give up when they are not footing the bill for the search
I'm no airplane accident investigator, and I hate conspiracy, but...............Not one piece of evidence has been found. What was it that caused this airliner to go down?
this plane is never in the ocean is in land the second crash will tell why they found that one because of debris
What is wrong with the press?? Why do they keep harping on the thinking that it went down? IT DIDN'T GO DOWN! Not a single bit of wreckage has ever been found. That plane was taken and the American gov't KNOWS this. Rest assured we will see that plane again in some type of attack.
Agreed and have from the get-go!
Aliens took it to Ork for study.
Why they could not find any floating objects If they search in a right area ? There were a ton of floatable plastic in B777 and passengers luggages
It's in China, it's always been in China.
KINGS AND QUEENS OF MISINFORMATION have told us what happened. "They dont know."
"Back to the drawing board?" Well, they can search the drawing board too, but I don't think they're going to find it there, EITHER!!
Gee, here's a thought. Stop wasting tax payers dollars and just declare it missing.
I bet we see that plane again. FLYING!!!!!!!!!!!!
Needle in a haystack. Waste of time and money.
There is no "drawing board" in Malaysia.
If they ever find that plane it will be a merical from God..Its been missing to long..and its not in the ocean...that is some thing i have always said..u know there are Jungles..have they ever thought to look there..no they havent..they keep looking in the waters for it..an no one has found 1 parrt of it...nothing floting that would would belong to the passangers.
The Indian Ocean is gigantic, they'll be lucky to find a seat cushion...... But my money is on it laying intact at the bottom of the ocean floor.
Here we are,the country that sent Voyager all the way to Saturn in the 70's and we can't even find a plane in a body of water.........if it's even there in the first place.
There's a reason oceans are the undiscovered country. Radio doesn't work in water, unlike space, and we can't see too far into water. Also the pressure at depth is astronomical. In some respects it's easier to explore Saturn than the Mariana's trench.
I think the airplane crash on land not in the ocean? Why can't they look on land if they can find anything? It's so long already to find anything. Something isn't right that they can't find anything.
"the government would continue to rely on the group of experts leading the hunt." DREAM ON, these experts have no idea where the plane is!
in spite of what some think I say stop looking in the water...just because there maybe people around a crash site doesn't mean access is easy nor desire even ...land should NOT BE RULED OUT.
They will never find that plane. Until it flys into NYC with a nuke.
not shot down not crash - just disappear - one & only - ghostly not flying ever again
such a big plane - no amelia earhurt
look up in the sky its not a bird, its not a superman, its a plane heading into the white house.
"back to the drawing board,"...yeah..drawing cartoons more likely and sleeping on the job!..that's what malaysian ministers are good at...if the malaysian military wasn't sleeping on that fateful day the jet would not have been lost...dumbos!
Maybe, just maybe The US dept of defense could shed some light on this subject! Ya think?
It's been a year now. Not a single trace of the jet. I don't care how big the ocean is. The whole thing makes me wonder and I'm not 1 of those conspiracy theories people. It's just weird.
Try looking in Kazakhstan. google this: malaysia airlines flight mh370 in kazakhstan
look at the article " How crazy am I....."
It's in Iran or a country that ends in stan.
They'll find it when its is bomb loaded and runs into another building
Sorry to say that but we will know the real truth in another 25-30 years when the information being declassified !!! Then we will know why !
Build a new plane to replace the missing one. All of the missing passengers have been replaced many times over. Time to move on.
Time to move on??? Sure after the relatives have received the proper closure, which they have not. IDIOT!
Proper closure will be an appropriate amount of money.
ISIS has it hid waiting for Iran to finish making a bomb to fly to the USA.
perhaps the aircraft was stolen and sitting in a hangar somewhere with plans that it will be used in a terrorist attack? :)
Sounds reasonable with the help of Perhaps a DEFECTOR ON BOARD
the plane is in North Korea being outfitted with a nuke. imho
Start with the simple and proven truth that the pilot did not want to be found!
Real easy look about where they made the U turn and the F16's were scrambled
The jet landed in another country and WILL BE USED for a SUICIDAL mission!!!
UFO it was aliens! I wish they would come and take the whits house and everyone in it! Maybe we could pay them!
Yeah, good luck with that. That is a big, featureless ocean out there. Even if you knew where it hit the water it could still be scattered by currents and/or wildlife. Those poor people met a watery grave, why not make peace with that and let it go.
too bad. Its been a year,folks, start moving on
why dont you ask that stupid omboma where it is ??
When the black box is found, the sick chant of "allah akkhbar!" Will be heard.
These Aussies with spokesclown Abott are only searching cause they fear measurements by the PRC on the sale of Aussie commodities..
The beginning of the end. Change is mosg accelerative in the final stage. In Singapore, I mean.
They will not follow to search, if something is not clear?
what drawing board please, may be It went out into the space already, on it way to Mars
WASTE OF MONEY ITS A JOKE
If that plane hit the water it would have shattered on impact, or been destroyed by waves. LUGGAGE FLOATS. BODIES FLOAT. Plastic stuff in the plane FLOATS. That plane was HIJACKED.
That plane is long gone and time to move on. No use to dwell on something that is not coming back just let it go.
Look to the East- Somatra or Yemen or Socotra
Look no further than central asia
And no higher than the bottom of the sea.
They found MH 370 it was shot down over Ukraine except they renumbered it to 17...
They will find it when it crashes into a capitol building packed full of IED's .
probably the most chilling theory and maybe closer to the truth than we might think
DG or Libya hanger waiting for the Mother of all false flags!
Can the whole world laugh at Malaysia yet, libvtards? IDIOTS!
Some very powerful people in the world do not want to find the wreckage at this point in time. It's always about money and power.
It is all with the captain of the flight. Malaysia has to carry on and return to normalcy. If it was a conspiracy then cowards can not claim it as victory. It was neither a lesson nor justice. Only the chain of incidents (3 in a row)involving Malaysian Airliners is a tragic mystery.Obama and Putin are responsible for at least one of the planes each. May be something is beyond Malaysia's capacity to handle.
everything is beyond capacity for dangerous countries that shouldn't be countries, like malaysia, indonesia, phillippines ... they are deadly for world & themselves don't forget the terroist countries which japan is top