It's sad that the Malaysians seem to be taking an active role in the investigation. Their misreporting and disorganization was so extreme when this tragedy happened that I stopped believing anything the Malaysians were claiming as fact. I hope that the international community learned their lesson and have a more reliable body overseeing whatever the Malaysians investigate.
Well, unless somebody is aware of a 777 losing a flaperon over the Indian Ocean, this find could be positive information, but until Boeing confirms it, it would be wrong to believe what the Malaysian Transport Minister might come with!
Some of us don't need an expert to tell us what to think. The part has a part number on it - 657-BB. The Boeing maintenance manual for the 777 identifies the part with this exact number as a 777 flaperon. The only 777 flaperon that's missing belongs to MH370; ergo, MH370 is the only possible contributor of that flaperon. It's not rocket science, but I'm sure the relatives of the victims are going to want extraordinary proof before they will gi9ve up on their loved ones.
it doesn't matter if it came from that plane or another they will tell us it is from that plane CASE CLOSED the plane is in to deep of water to retrieve.... even though there was never any oil slicks or grease balls anything, anything at all... absolutely nothing
Perhaps we can soon confirm that MH370 was not taken by aliens, and it did not land clandestinely in Pakistan or other place. That it actually crashed, and it did not crash off the coast of Vietnam, it crashed after all in the Indian Ocean. That is a step, an important one, that would give us some orientation finally... a beginning.
MH370 is as much a mystery as is MH17. What wonders me is the question if the rocketeers downing MH17 will ever be caught. It's clear that Putin, being the former head of the KGB, claiming he doesn't know who were responsible for the downing of MH17, is protecting these sick, senseless cold blooded murderers. He knows damn well who did this, but these guys will probably receive a medal, a pad on the back and a full shield. In his cruel way IS could learn one or two things from this man when it comes to having a rusty tin can in stead of a human heart. Human life is insignificant to this sorry excuse of a would-be human being and he won't loose a minute sleep over it. A cold hearted SOB.......
How is MH17 a mystery? As you state, everyone knows Putin's puppets did it. MH370 is a mystery because no one knows where it is, and how it got there.
There is no way I believe the pilot or co pilot did anything intentionally. I think there was a fire (probably from the battery cargo) and everything went horribly wrong after that. I believe the crew and passengers were all dead and the plane went on auto pilot...flying until it ran out of fuel. I hope they can prove this is the plane so these insane conspiracy theories will die out...and the people can stop believing their loved ones are hostage somewhere.
I'm hung up on the idea that there was inadequate security protecting the plane while on the ramp at the airport. No security patrol, security camera coverage, and apparently no one searched plane before take off. There could have been stowaways on board, hijackers, terrorists- who knows? No one checked. Could also have been bomb on board that caused fire, or damage that partially disabled plane where survivors couldn't completely control it. Who knows?
Sounds good, but, I wonder how it turned so many times on "Auto Pilot"..It won't do that unless it was programed!
If there was a fire the pilot would have called ground control to seek an emergency landing. Also someone had to make all the course changes to send the plane off into the Indian Ocean. And as one expert said on TV the engineers from Boeing will be able to tell if the flaperon was down when the plane crashed which again means a live person had to do this manuver. The fact that this part of the plane was in fairly good condition after over a year in the ocean shows that the plane did not just run out of fuel and crash front first and disintegrate in the water. Lots of questions...even the remains of the suitcase could provide some insights as to how the plane's flight ended.
How can anything a Malaysian official says at this point be credible? The Malaysians were running interference from the beginning.
Even if they prove the part is from the MH370 jet. That wont explain exactly what happened. We don't have enough yet to say why the jet changed coarse? As they propose (it may have just run out of fuel and crashed into the Indian Ocean), but, why would they fly in the opposite direction of their planned destination? With an abrupt change of their coarse, and fly for so many miles, until the fuel run out? There has to be more to this then what they are finding with 1 piece from a 777 plane. So many un answered questions.
...mainly : why and how the Captain did it.
Lu - I speculate that the recorder boxes were depowered or otherwise rendered useless by the captain as his highest priority/goal was to vanish the plane.
As a pilot I know of no way to disable the flight recorders in flight. They are usually in the tail and I'm not even sure exactly how you'd access them.
Thank you everyone, this does help to understand what they need to find to get to what happened. I hope there will be an answer soon. For the families, and all of us wondering. It does seem rather ominous.
The jet changed "coarse". You should go to school for some grammar!
@George Thanu fr you inpt apriact tat
@Gerge i'll sign up fer tat course. rightnw s peeps lk u cn undestd meh
Just wait for the investigators to do their job. They have ways through forensics to discover a lot with the wing tip and luggage even a year later though it would have been great if they found something 3 weeks later. I can't wait to see what they determine.
never will have enough information for anything conclusive
Pilot can not disable flight recorder. Pilot can erase last 30 min on Voice Recorder. But even that can be recovered once they are are found.
If CVR is found - - unless the pilot in command was talking to no one (pax had been murdered much earlier in the flight) - there would be nothing except the sound of engines spooling down once they ran out of fuel followed by an eventual silence. . . . as a result CVR most likely will not provide much information. FDR will only tell us whether or not a pilot in command changed heading, altitude, or airspeed . . . not much else. The REAL info will come from forensic info derived from recovery of the flight deck (was there a fire or not? - I speculate there was not) and possibly, who was on the flight deck when the A/C finally ditched. . . .
And I find it interesting that they say the co-pilot trying to get a cell signal, as it is passing Malaysia, before it turned left. This is such a mystery. Maybe the co-pilot was out of the #$%$ pit, and witnessed all this, but couldn't get back in, and tried to call someone.. IDK,,
mfrmorrowbay I have worked on B-777 aircraft for over 10 years and I can tell you this: It is electronically and physically impossible for a flight crew member to disable or de-power the CVR, (Cockpit Voice Recorder) or FDR-(Flight Data Recorder). They can be partially depowered, but still have power coming from the emergency power bus and that is direct power. Also, they do not have access to the tail compartment of the plane. It is outside of the pressure vessel under the horizontal stabilizer. Until the boxes are found and if they are able to be anaylized, no one living will ever know the truth of MH370.
@Bill - and even if the FDR and CVR are recovered - and - if data is still retrievable - we may not know anything conclusive. Perhaps the CVR simply recorded the sound of engines spooling down and - - - -nothing else. So - now what do you conclude? Was someone in the cockpit? Or not???? FDR - same kind of thing - - - we only know if someone initiated some kind of commanded change to the flight - - but, if no commanded changes in flight, then, what do you conclude?? The REAL evidence is in cockpit environment and forensic evidence. Was there a fire? If not - who was on the flight deck. And - even if we know the answers to those questions - - the eternetal "why" will remain unanswered forever more.
Quite interesting. Knowing nothing about airplanes, I find all this info a big help. Thanks everyone. Would the part found, be only conclusive evidence the plane did end up in the ocean? Maybe that's the only thing anyone can ever know?
Bill.....We do not what you worked on B777. Nobody suggested of disabling VR but ERASING If you never heard about it do not get involved !
They know and have all along they just want change the conversation because Hillary is eating up bad press and Trump is getting rest.
I for one, will not believe anything Malaysia says again. As much as it would appear to be from the missing plane, and I would tend to agree, I'm going to wait until other officials say it is so.
But it wasn't just Malaysia that said it is from a 777...So, it has to be from MH370. Only 777 not accounted for, only 777, that has crashed in the Indian Ocean.
I've left theories for fun like many of us have, but at the same time said I felt they were simply looking in the wrong spot. That was my real theory. Looking back, they did find that lost old sunken cargo ship, and they've mapped large areas of the ocean floor. Aside from the enormous cost of doing that, at least they've gotten something in return so far lol. If this new find is real, they're much closer to the remains now, let's hope.
The plane's door also was found there... Your news agencies are stoppid and lazy! Also, locals told that they burnt some debris which was thrown by ocean, including few damaged suitcases and also they saw plane's passenger chair (though decided it's truck or car chair).
How long does it take to run up a serial/part number to make a match? I sense incompetence yet again.
How long does it take? Well...we don't know, we'll try to hurry it along, but in the meantime, stay in suspense, stay tuned, and be sure to buy our sponsors' products.
Not all parts are serial numbered. No other Boeing s like that crashed in the vicinity. But at some point the part was modified. That will clinch the ID if so.
The flaperon contains the data plate affixed to it; looks like that's what got "modified"
French have the lead in this investigation so all announcements will come from them. I speculate that Boeing already knows what is part is as well as where it originated. The French need to finish their latte's and return from holiday.
They are calling in all parties, Boeing, Malaysia, etc.It just got there today also. and they will have to tell the families FIRST...So, they may know already, but informing those families cannot be done on Facebook, or CNN.
You're right, a lot of this is out of respect for the victims. They want to be able to give the victim's friends and families a definitive answer with proof that the best minds at Boeing have looked at this piece and have determined that their loved ones are no longer. It's not for us because we already know what's going to happen, but the victims' friends and families will want something more before they accept the truth.
Boeing reps, off the record, have confirmed that the flaperon is from the missing plane. They will be able to tell if the flap was extended upon landing and if so that this had to be done by someone on the plane.
I wouldn't hold your breath over this wing part. At the very best, it will simply reassure the search teams that the plane is somewhere at the bottom of the Indian Ocean. It's an incredibly vast area and less than 5% of it has been searched so far for the wreckage. Statistically speaking, it is more likely that the plane will never be found.
To the extent the currents are known the part could be back-tracked to an area. Having a potential piece of luggage show up also helps.
But at least you can stop all those, It is in Iran, or parked in a jungle theories!
Probably another case of pilot suicide. Sad.
"moving close to solving the mystery of MH370." Yeah! As IF this one piece of debris found 2,600 miles away from the search area will lead the searchers directly to the main wreckage and unlock the mystery... They should have it wrapped up by the year 2055.
It's crashed and it's in the Indian Ocean. Glad they have narrowed it down to that point.
well it took them 73 years to find the titanic. the ocean is a big place
Right, but they have a lot more means to track airplanes and ships nowadays.
Where there is mystery, it is generally suspected there must also be evil.
Now they have it all figured out beings they found a plane part and suitcase near Madagascar. They now keep showing the big round currents pattern. The only place they concentrated on initially was the part of that current pattern which was just west of Australia. So they still basically know nothing as to where the plane is even if this debris is actually from the MH370.
Get back to me when you find that Black Box, do some translating, and more significant pieces of the jumbo jet. THEN I believe that progress will have been made, but not before.
"There have been some modifications to internal beams in the flaperon. Only Boeing can verify (that the flaperon came from MH370). The modifications were done by Boeing," he said. Boeing already knows this is from MH370. They will let the lead investigator give out that info.
People don't know it from all the leaks that always occur, but by law the investigators and companies involved are supposed to remain silent until 'official' report released.
I don't really see the mystery in all this. This is a result of Malaysia bad investigation, either by neglect or by plan. If this plane had happened in the states they have found it by now. The bottom line, is, they were to quick to blow off eye witness. Started with the oil rig guy that saw the plane catch on fire, the fishermen that saw the plane fly low over Malaysia, and the people on the island south of India, that saw a large plane flying low. If you follow the path that the witness left. You will see that most likely the plane never changed course it flew west over Malaysia and it never left it.
You left out the most important part of any conspiracy theory.....why? what for? And where did you read about these witnesses? If it's from the media then maybe you should think about how the media gets its info. It gets it from a guy who knows a guy who told another guy. Do you seriously think that only you have the power of observation? Seriously.....I find it hard to believe that there is a list of credible witnesses along a certain path and only you are the one who isn't ignoring it...get real.
I wouldn't trust anything coming from Malaysian government. Meanwhile, their police headquarter building is on fire on all the floors.
What mystery? It crashed and all on board are dead. Mystery solved.
If it is solved, please give the rest of us the location of the plane.
The waters around Diego Garcia will never be searched. They will do anything it takes to prevent searching there.
My guess is it is somewhere in the Indian Ocean. But that's just a guess
mayalsia knows know what happen to the plane they want reveal the facts because it would hurt them. If there was an unidentified plane in our air space jet fighters would after it in a heart beat
And I'm sure Malaysia has a top notch military. The only thing they want to cover up is the fact that they don't monitor their airspace very well.
Malaysian government needs to stay out of it. French needs to tell them stay home. I won't believe a thing the Malaysian government says.
Right, like the French government is a bunch of straight shooters who won't lie.
The French has not authority other than over anything found on that island.
Thing that confuses me is WHY PARIS? Boeing is the maker and they are in the USA so they sent it to France #$%$ for. Now watch Paris will send it to Boeing. The good part is that if it is from that plane they will be able to really narrow down a search area.
@dead7: Nothing that floats in the ocean is permanently set in place. Everything is adrift and over the course of 16 months at sea, there is no telling where the wing part may have come from. At this point, it's like trying to put Humpty Dumpty back together again. The best reader response I have read so far would have scientists examine the precise sort of sea life that has attached itself to this piece of wreckage, in the hopes of determining where it has been in the past. This isn't the sort of thing that can be quickly answered, especially considering how many nations are involved. I'm betting it's at least a month before all the red tape can be cut and we get any sort of 'final' answers.
RLS sorry but you are wrong. sea currents have been mapped in that area for more than 100 yrs. the major current that would deposit it on that Island starts southwest of Australia and rotates counter clockwise. Exam of the sea life MAY give a better idea as to location but more likely only as to depth and how long it was at that depth the 64 dollar question is how from the time the part broke off till it the island
Believe it was sent to Toulouse not Paris...all parties are hooking up their to examine the part.
I don't understand what they mean by "There have been no other crashes of that aircraft model in that part of the world". Flaperones are moving parts and it is entirely possible that a plane lost one midflight over the ocean or in other crashes, they might not have recovered all the parts. If it is from a 777, then it is mostly like to be from MH370 - that's all.
Trust me, no 777 lost a flaperon in flight, over the Indian ocean, or anywhere,... that would have been a well documented incident.
Most likely explanation: two muslim pilots at the controls trying to find 72 virgins a piece!!
I don't believe any of the authorities involved with the investigation , I think with all of the military satellites around earth that tracks everything cruise missile size and up , they knew just where that jet was when it went down . For some reason ( the real reason probably will never get out ) perhaps that muslims are involved and we don't want to put them in a bad light , after all they're the practitioners of the religion of peace , ( Yeah Right !!! ) .....
NSA knew the flight 370 to the inches. Every engine on the boeing has GPS, boeing knows exactly where was the last signal. Even today's smartphone can be tracked anywhere on earth.
Sorry James but satalites don't cover the entire earth only the direction you focus it towards.There is no satalite focusing in the direction of that remote part of the world. That is why I believe the plane was taken by a person who knew exactly what they were doing
Semone . I didn't know that , there goes my ( know it all ) membership card . [ bad joke ] ty for that info .
Someone Had Corrupt balls of Steel! And Roughed it!
Semone...BS. Some country has every inch of the planet, less the earth poles, at every given minute. The plane was in auto flight with communications cut, exactly what the "Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot" does. Regardless of the information out there now, the systems have been on all Boeing aircraft (older ones retrofitted) since 2009. Commercial airliners don't just "disappear". They are remotely hijacked, diverted and crashed by this system. Wiki has changed its description at least five times since the disappearance. The original described the system, and the Honeywell/Boeing version even gave the development (80s to 2000). It was patented in 2006 by Boeing, all planes retrofitted by 2009. The latest version has some no name Consultant claiming there is no evidence the systems have ever been on board. The same wiki article claimed it was. I beg to differ. MH370 was hijacked remotely by this system, without question. The government can't admit the systems exist, because the Pentagon is the only one with the encrypted codes, and the VHS ground stations of Satellites to use them. Not one expert or consultant ever even mentioned the system during the search, and everyone of them knows about it. This certainly means our government did it, and it has been classified National Security to protect the terrorist act. The aircraft was landed at Veer Savarkar (Indian navy/civilian international) airport on Andaman Island that morning, which is closed to night operations (except for Indian Navy). The aircraft was already well within Veer's radar range before it disappeared. Go look up the system, and read whatever you can about what India had to say. This probability isn't just based on assumption or what was said, it was based on scientific parameters as well. Look up the system now, as the US government is forcing websites to change and speculate about when it was implemented. It is not safe to fly folks, you never know who is on board our government wants dead. You're just collateral damage if you're not one of the chosen warned ahead of time, The terrorists (Western governments) are in charge of the anti-terrorist systems, and using them for OPs. Not speculation, just a fact.
Maserati, it's no use to tell the truth anymore, too many dumb down sheeple around that can't or don't think anyone nor comprehend what you and I are saying. They eat up what gov't fed to them, figuratively and literally speaking (49 million American are on food stamp, more than 1/3 of US household are receiving federal welfare).
However I believe the plane landed in Diego Garcia instead of Andaman Island. Plenty of eye witness in Maldives seeing a white jet liner with long stripes flying so low they got out of their house to watch it fly by.
@fairguy.... What a theory..!? Firstly , eye witnesses seeing a white plane in the Maldives were probably just observing a landing flight at Male a international airport. Secondly, Diego garcia is about 700 km away from Maldives. It would be quite a long final approach. Thirdly , considering the flight originated in Malaysia , it would make no sense to pass by Maldives. Stupid things like this feed conspiracy theories.
Where are the barnacles and sea damage on that thing that's been floating around for a year and a half. In tropical seas like the Indian Ocean that wing flap should have a lot of sea life attached to it
It did .. in the TV newsreel footage I saw.. In fact *someone* on camera at the scene preparing to transport the part speculated that they might get some hints as to the route the drifting part took from the species attached.
I'm still waiting for this plane to appear loaded with bombs or something...good thing I ain't holdin my breath....those hijackers sure are taking their sweetass time doing something with this plane...not much longer the fuel will be no good and the tires and all rubber will start to rot...but you conspiracy yoyos keep hangin on to the conspiracy , maybe some day you'll see what an idiot you are.
Maybe the flight tried to ditch in the Indian Ocean and that part broke off and the rest sank. Unless they find something major they will never solve it.
This piece of an aircraft which might have come from the B767 that cashed off the Seychelles several years ago means nothing without the data plate that just happens to be missing. Even the Russian Military Intelligence tracked that B777 to northern Pakistan.
Snowden would tell the Russians "anything" just so they would continue to pay him (living expenses+++) and let him hide there.
Now that the part (allegedly) washed up, let the stories begin.
So after the plane landed on some island off India the flaperon was dismantled and sent adrift in the Indian Ocean in hopes that it would wash ashore somewhere a throw off searchers to speculate that the plane actually crashed. Sounds like a winning theory to me.
Next time don't call Australians for searching anything.
I'm not trying to start a conspiracy theory or anything, but as an ex- missile fire control technician I couldn't help but notice what appeared to be a shrapnel pattern on the skin of that aircraft part that looks very similar to damage caused by an expanding rod warhead, AFTER it had broken up into it's individual pieces of shrapnel. I could be wrong.
The aircraft was remotely hijacked by governments, and covered up. Re3ally don't think this was "planted"? really? The aircraft was landed at Veer Savarkar airport that night. After that, anything is possible, from MH17 being the main part of the aircraft with serialized components changed out, to scuttling the aircraft immediately after the passengers were disembarked.
LMAO.....why go thru the trouble of "planting" fake evidence? Are they really going to send this planted evidence to Boing or I Boing in on it too. Cuz you'd think someone from Boing would say they hadn't received the airplane part to examine. SOunds like a lot of effort for what? So they can say it crashed? Anybody with half a brain already knew that, no point in taking a chance on Boing pointing out the airplane part is a fake.
I have no doubt that MH370 crashed, probably into the Indian ocean somewhere. What is in question is why and how. It reminds me of when the space vehicle "Skylab" came down. NASA said they had no idea where it would land. I said it would be in Western Australia... and it was! If you can think, you will be able to figure out how I knew it would be West Australia. Not exactly rocket science.
This solves NOTHING!!! Every Tea Bagger conspiracy theorist KNOWS that the alien spaceship which abducted Flight MH370 dropped wreckage into the ocean as a false flag to throw off investigators.
they are going to tell you that piece is from the plane and then it's CASE CLOSED... the plane is in to deep of water to retrieve... even though there was no signs of oil, fuel, or grease balls nothing... nothing at all... this case is closed
Unlikely. They are going to make renewed efforts with more exact data than they previously had. They can backtrack the currents to narrow down where on the bottom the jet might be resting.
They found one part and that makes it "close to solving the mystery"?? Not by a long shot.
That wing flap was placed there recently and has not been in the sea for year and a half
Barnacles say different. Experts said the part was in the water for over a year.
So, when will you (attempt to) write a retraction?
Its been what 16 six months ? So doubt a study of ocean currents and recent big storms. can pin point the area the plane is .
All that is is a part number. At the very least every 777 has that number on that part. That part could have come from anywhere . So unless there is a number on that part that is unique to that plane they don't have squat. Just saying.
Don't forget, parts are serialized. If the serial number matches Malaysia's maintenance records MH370, there is no mistake where this lap came from.
Wonder how long this flaperon porn will be vogue in the news media.
I doubt any theories change, just location. I've said plenty of times that they are looking in the wrong place. I think that's pretty obvious. But at least they're getting some nice maps of the ocean floor. Also, they found that old sunken ship.
Of course the biggest mistake is that Sue is not part of the rescue team. She seems to know it all. Arrogance
It get's us closer but not "close". We still have to find the impact sight, the black boxes etc to find out why it crashed. That could be 1000s of miles from where this was found..and probably is
no barnacles on that flap...... FAKE
These piece of aircraft was planted their. It didnt wash ashore.
You certainly got this one right, hey curley?
Really ? Once you find the plane than we can say we are close to solving this
One thing the media have not mentioned is.... the area that they have searched for the missing plane was a huge miscalculation by the experts. LOL
It could easily have floated thousands of miles. The sea is actually littered with debris including stuff that falls off of cargo ships. It's amazingly common.
It's a huge area to search and without detecting the pings from the black boxes, it's little more than a coin toss. It's been my feeling since the beginning that whoever did this pointed the plane towards Antarctica in a direct route halfway between both the land masses of Africa and Australia, but they were searching a east of that line
@Michael - actually - you would appear to be full of $H1T as "the experts" have some nice models that show the debris field (originating from the original POI) would be showing up right about now exactly where this was found. But never mind those facts, moron.
It was either aliens or the jews.
That looks like the side panel from my '74 El Camino...
There is no mystery, #$%$ Muslim pilot wanted to meet 72 Virgins
Where is the data plate that would've confirmed whether it's from MH 370 or not?-- oh wait, that somehow got detached!
This just means the Space Aliens who abducted the plane didn't need the flaperon
to commenter: looks like "normal" corrosion to me. aluminum is especially prone to this, it's why airlines spend billions per year washing and painting planes. (A&P license, 230 years aircraft maintenance USN)
Likely done by someone from the something of peace, to get rid of those who aren't as high minded as he was..
HAS ANYONE HERE EVER HEARD OF THE PHRASE "FAKE EVIDENCE"??? Anyone "Familiar" with the kind of technologies available to the so-called "Experts" would already KNOW this find is TOTAL Fraud...FAKE!...ALL OF THEM ALREADY "KNOW" WHAT HAPPENED TO THIS AIRCRAFT THE MOMENT IT "DISAPPEARED"!
So you are saying it was shot down over the island of Diego Garcia, right?
Approaching aircraft are expected to know they will be taken out on approach. Its like flying into the White House. If Diego Garcia were taken out many thousands of square miles of air and ocean would be "un-monitored" including submarine and satellite.
So a piece of the plane washed up over a year later. Way off from where they were looking. How does any of that move us forward? And what would finding a "suspected" plane under two miles of saltwater move us forward? It went down. Nice people died for no reason.
yet another government idiot covering his political ascii by parroting forth already-known information. Morons all....and still we bother to listen
They will find the plane, 50 years from now.
Did the Pilot go Nuts ,#Corruption and disappearing all together? Could they be really like LOST?
David W 2 days ago 1