Hopefully they will find the location of the airliner and retrieve the Black box to get the information on why the airliner went down for the families to put it to rest, I feel for them all.
Think about it, if the plane is close to Reunion then we should be seeing a whole lot more debris. The reason we don't is because the plane is located far, far away and the debris is scattered all over the ocean and it takes a long time to arrive on the beach. Maybe this new find will be something that will confirm the plane actually went into the water. Still, it would be nice to see some things that float, like luggages with name tags and other objects that identify a passenger.
If you want to split hairs go ahead.
"Maybe this new find will be something that will confirm the plane actually went into the water." So, the first part found didn't, but finding this part will? What a maroon.
the first part is a part off the plane . that's ALL it proves. absolutely NOTHING more. the actual plane could be anywhere. Until you find THE PLANE , or the engines, you have nothing. NOTHING !!!!!!!
Operation Mincemeat is a interesting historical sidebar for this story, in the context of 2 Malaysian planes disappearing , one heading over restricted airspace (Ukraine )and one enroute to China , both over areas where Royal Dutch Shell and other oil concerns maintain an interest(Caspian Sea, South China Sea) both over areas contested by the Russians and Chinese. New Zealand oil rig engineer saw a strange occurrence off the cost of Vietnam and thus he should be given a polygraph ...say on Dr. OZ or Charlie Rose or the BBC, just to see if he was mistaken .Per, Mr McKay , he saw a burning object on the following heading at Lat 08 22’ 30.20” N Lat 108 42.22.26” E.compass bearing of 265* to 275*”. Of course , many could dismiss his testimony as reported to his superiors, as a mistake, but he should be reinterviewed and polygraphed...the troubled area is over the South China Sea and not anywhere near Reunion Island.
The trouble area is the Corporation of the United States of America!!! The precious cargo, both technology and brilliant minds, needed to be kept out of the hands of the Chinese. And your idea is a great one, but it would never happen. I wouldn't trust the BBC, though. Not one witness that had something to say that didn't mesh with the 'official story' of 911 were ever allowed to take a lie detector test. They just murdered most of them. We are all in big trouble if people keep beLIEving all this #$%$ from the media and our governments!!!!!
Perhaps,I suspect you offer a veiled reference of the alleged cargo on M370 and the large amount of computer experts from an Austin Texas based computer contractor heading towards China. If I am wrong Rivera then I apologize. Take care
If someone found a piece of luggage that belonged to the plane and he was given a handsome reward, will the news go viral on the internet? And if the experts name the islands and beaches where people will most likely find these floating objects, will there be thousands of people playing at the beach and looking for objects at the same time? Let's see, did anyone get a reward for finding that flaperon? No, that's why no one is looking.
The best thing about the majority of Yahoo articles ... yup, you guessed it the COMMENTS!! I always scroll down to the comments as I struggle to read the first few lines of some articles. Best way to get a daily chuckle!!
Yes, I am always amazed at the conclusions people come to with a bare minimum of facts......priceless!!
But which is the bigger chuckle--the first few lines or the comments?
I'm lobbying for for thumbs up and thumbs down icons in the main yahoo screen so we can rate the article. Sometimes I really get tired of the click bait headlines that are of no substance, slanted viewpoint or just poorly written.
I can't decide if it was the Democrat or Republicans who caused this tragedy. But I'm sure there is a direct political link to someone in American politics.
yeah, and you can re-write the story here in the comments section and there will be people who believe it too!
In situations like this, I recommend and am drinking beer, it makes my insignificance a much smaller deal and if there is really nothing you can do about it, beer is definitely the way to go
I don't even read articles anymore. I just click on stories that I know would've generated the most controversy in the comments.
Probably pieces that would float are breaking loose from cables and wires and floating up. They should find it soon.
I would think that any flights now that are going in and out of Reunion island would think to take their iPhones so they could take a photo or even a video of any object they see out there...even if it's a little blurry, it might be something to see at least. I'm also guessing that this plane was not a search plane of any kind, so maybe all that's not possible. If a regular flight the passengers would think it weird to do that when on a schedule, but at least there would be a whole lot more people that would have witnessed this event instead of just one guy. I think if we are to believe anything anymore, we'd need more proof of it's actual existence. But, like someone else said here, the comments are mostly fun and games and I read them for the jokes more than anything else. One person said maybe this would verify that the plane went down in the sea. Where were they when the French said the flaperon was positively from the MH370. They must've been on their meds that day. LOL.
It was Air France that spotted it not..............I'm also guessing that this plane was not a search plane of any kind..................why guess??? It was AF in article.
Must be something sizable to be able to spot it at 10,000ft.
It was a #$%$ that fell out of a passenger's bags. I have the same one!
It's wasn't 10,000ft, it was 9,800ft. You have to be specific! Got it!
What aggravates me about this article is that there is no news. They post a photo of people carrying something, like something was actually found, and then after you waste your time reading the article... it is nothing... but an old photo.
So really no story at all.
So they "found" a flaperon. Very convenient. Just bobbing up and down like a $2 Réunion Island #$%$. This one's easy: Folks, the plane's somewhere, but it's not at the bottom of any ocean. Whoever took this jet flew it wherever they wanted, put it down, and did #$%$ they liked with it. To include taking some parts, stowing them in seawater for a bit, and then dumping them (or just the flaperon) in the sea. Hey, boss, look what I found! Yah, junior, it's what you were supposed to find. In time, you'll find a seat or a console or a skeleton. Maybe a Malaysian Air deck of playing cards. In the meantime, they're either using the plane for something, loading it up and overhauling it for something to make 9-11 look like Obama cutting the cheese, or they chopped it up and sold it off. As for the passengers... they could well have been sent somewhere for medical experimentation. You think Mengele was the only doctor ever to want live subjects to try weird stuff on? No way. They've probably vivisected most of those folks, likely in China or Uzbekistan. This troll feels for them. Conclusion: they'll find out what happened to MH370 and its occupants right after they find out what happened to Amelia Earhart. Sad story. Here's a prayer whoever got it doesn't have nukes...
bizarre conspiracy theory, lay off the meds
There is a LOT of random debris floating out there in the ocean. I hope we aren't going to get breathless reports every time some is spotted. In any case, you really need to find the main wreckage to get any additional clues about what happened, and even then I think there would be a lot of unknowables.
I dropped a random deuce in th ocean and it left me.breathless..
If the pilot spotted the debris from about 9K ft, it must be large and hopefully one more piece of the puzzle that leads to the main a/c wreckage. Oh, to be able to find the orange boxes and retrieve some useful data from them!
The black boxes are several thousand feet underwater. They will never be recovered.
People like Bill are still in denial
I thought the same thing- it could be a major piece of the plane.
This isnt as big of mystery as people think. Unfortunately the media is partially giving the sicko what he wanted by saying it is one of the biggest aviation mysteries in history. It wasnt a conspiracy, just one sick man with a twisted desire for fame in history akin to amelia. It has long been expected to find parts in mauritius, reunion, rodrigues, and to a lesser extent australia. The ocean is simply larger than people realize. It also is not "full of marine life" as people think. and the reason he took plane there is because it is the most desolate and volatile area in the world. Great for churning up and hiding bodies and parts long enough to sink in HUGE pattern. Think of it like the cop who "knows" who committed crime but until all the evidence is ready for charges and trial the public will not be told and rightly so. No there wont be debris in antartica or diego, nor india or seychelles. The currents dont fall in line for that.
and what happened has been pretty much known, akin to common sense, since 1st week after disappearance. Try finding your hat in desert after throwing it out of airplane at 8000 feet and you will only have a hint of difficulty in finding debris of this flight.
Yea. Too bad there are no satellites that can spot a golf ball from space! Sheesh. It must have really been hard for all the searchers trying to look for that plane with their binoculars!!! It's no wonder it hasn't been found! lol
Good a guess as any Thinking....and a lot better than supposing it is on Diego Garcia or in Pakistan.
but its not as cool as a conspiracy is it? it is widely known by thousands of Americans there is not one piece in diego or pakistan and known by way of factual evidence. but of course our average joe soldiers are in on the conspiracy too right?!?! lol literally THOUSANDS..........no joke.
I like the last sentence of the article that says "according to Reunion authorities, the ship that diverted to the area indicated by the pilot did not find anything". Oh, I'm glad they stated that at the end making this whole story a non-story, and wasting my time in reading it.
Toilet seat cover? Seriously unless its a VERY LARGE piece of the plane how could you spot a white object from 9800 feet? Guess we have to see what they say it is first
I have wondered where the other flaperon is,,, it being likely to have broken away from the wing at the same time as did the st'bd one.
So does that mean the Zombies and Black hole are ruled out? Those were my favorites from CNN.
I first tried to read this on CNN but was immediately blasted by a high volume Allstate commercial. I closed the link before it finished
I had a tech guy put it on for me and I works great. It stopped those annoying Yahoo commercials too.
I've been using AdBlock for years, but CNN has recently changed their TOS (Terms of Service). Unless you don't mind having your personal information mined by CNN, I would strongly suggest staying away from their news site. I came here, not because of the Allstate commercials (which were blocked) but because of the stern warning CNN itself issued about its new TOS. Our personal space shrinks every day. We are being attacked from all angles. It recently reached the point where AdBlock was not enough, so I have now added NoScript to the equation.
In a related story, another boat was diverted due to reports of a thorough Yahoo news article floating nearby. That boat also came up empty-handed.
What's with the ID-10-T and the thumbs down, this was funny! Thanks for the laugh Hilda!
My bad, it must have been the author of this non-news worthy piece
makes sense. if the ocean currents carried the other piece of wreckage to Reunion, odds are anything else still floating is going to be headed in that general direction.
Problem is ocean currents change directions depending on their depth.
true, John, but surface currents are usually pretty stable, and any floating debris will be chiefly influenced by them.
Maybe it was an iceberg. They should've had that guy on the Titanic
So far its the same pic thats been seen before, and I guess they dont want to hunt that area of seabed for what reason? Yeh supposedly the pieces were from the flight, but interesting nothing new except floating debris has been found, and no search is reinstituted? Perhaps they dont want it to go blank again and fine NO plane, or have the possibility of people questioning if those pieces had been planted? They were found on the beach, according to the locals there, but I wont believe a thing they offer as 'the truth' till the rest of the plane is found.
And 6 people gave you a thumbs down for your comment! Sheesh. Glad there are people out there who do not take what they hear from the media at face value!! In the immortal words of Bill Cooper, bless his soul, "When in hell are you people going to wake up?" We have to search for the truth on our own. I don't drink the koolaid either! :)
Riv, there are trolls on yahoo who thumbs down anything, also disinformation specialists who actually do target people Yahoo doesnt like, guess i am one.
Prophet TB Joshua from Nigeria prophesied about it long back and he personally said he knows where the debris is,why not engage him and locate it?It takes less than $10000,00 for his air ticket.
Perhaps it's metaphoric- One piece of a lost plane in a vast ocean can be likened to the shared single brain cell of the entire yahoo writing team.
And the people who still read yahoo when they hate the writers :-)
I didn't know that brain cells were that large..
And yet, Quincy and chris, here you are, reading.
"One piece of a lost plane in a vast ocean"...umpteen months later.
"HUH-HO, THE DAIRY-O !!!"....Now THAT'S a GREAT one !!! Wish I could have thought of it. NAILED it perfectly, Lad.
And half the people who read it and believe it!!!
Perhaps the plane is closer to Reunion island than we think.
Yes. probably right in the approach path for a landing....ran out of fuel and luck...
You might be right bob, but then we may never know. Only time will tell.
I thought the plane was in a secret CIA hangar in Diego Garcia. At least that is what all the conspiracy theorists told me last year...
No, you got it all wrong. ELVIS is in the CIA hanger in Diego Garcia.
The same theorists still say that Grim....the flaperon was just "a plant" LOL
Diego Garcia? What? I'm confused. I thought he was a shortstop for the Orioles back in the 70's, or a Spanish golfer. Now I am confused...
So whatever this thing was it was visible from 10,000 feet in the air but when they send a ship to find whatever it is they see nothing? Something fishy here (no pun intended).
it's not like they could tell the ship "go south until you see the old gas station and turn at the first dirt road". idiot.
And whatever they saw would keep moving - as would the plane, which probably did not stick around circling in the air for hours as they waited for the ship to arrive.
Did not find anything or did not want to report what was found. If currents go west to east where they have reported the flight to have gone down, how would parts end up over near Africa? I agree with the hypothesis that the plane was used in an attack on the US base on a relatively closer island chain. It was shot down and NO government wants to report this, so the flight was just reported as "missing".
They identified the flaperon is from that area already, why haven't they begun searching there? As it is, I believe they are still searching down in Australia. Stubborn I guess.
Because THAT is most likely where the main wreckage is Sue. Not that I give them much hope of finding it anyway.
Well, considering a more recent incident involving a 777, wouldn't it be ironic if the reason Flight 370 assumed ocean temperature was exactly the same as the BA plane in Vegas--an engine revving itself to oblivion, but then with catastrophic results? The Vegas incident reminded me of one in 1973, involving a National Airlines DC-10, the first DC-10 that airline put into service, in fact. Same scenario: A wing engine overrevved, chewed itself to oblivion, and perforated the entire aircraft--all at 38,000 feet above Albuquerque. One passenger got sucked out when the window he was sitting next to blew out, the first fatality involving a DC-10. Luckily, the rest of the folks on board didn't meet the same fate--the pilots were able to land that plane. But guess who made the engines for the DC-10?? I'll give you two guesses (yup, you guessed right!). Looks like, when Boeing absorbed McDonnell Douglas, they also absorbed the bad engineering practices, including those of the engine suppliers.
Except your hypothesis doesn't take into account that the flight transponder was turned off manually two hours into the flight just as the plane was supposed to switch ATC sectors. Nor that the plane flew for almost 6 more hours before crashing. A plane with a catastrophic engine failure would go down immediately.
elli...the first thing that happens when the flight termination system is engaged is the transponders are shut off and all control of that aircraft is taken over and the pilots are helpless to regain control of their aircraft. The aircraft is then remotely flown...or crashed. The cargo and brilliant minds on board #370, however, were much too important to allow that airliner to crash. This system is in place supposedly to make a hijacking impossible, but many pilots are not told the system is in their aircraft. This is just another black operation by the corrupt government, Which one??? The US for one, since Boeing aircraft are made in USA. And lemme see...the PM of Malaysia is in BIG trouble for all of a sudden having MILLIONS of dollars in his bank account!! Hmmm.
Okay, maybe my hypothesis is wrong. No need to be mean about it though, "Billy," so take this: :P !!
"An Air France pilot Tuesday spotted a white object floating in the water during an approach to Reunion island, where a wing part of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 was found in July, the airline said." Oops. Sorry, that was me. I'm on vacation and was trying to get a tan. I'll try to stay off my beach raft until I look better. Didn't mean to make the French panic.
Brian Williams saw it too. He was on Reunion for a meeting with Elvis.
One of the biggest mysteries in aviation history is Amelia Earhart.
She starved to death on an entirely Japanese occupied island at a time of Hirohito
She's believed to have died on an UNOCCUPIED island, Bergie.
Forget MH370 their government totally hid it from the world so let them solve it.
One can only hope that some day soon, the main wreckage and the black boxes from the ill-fated flight will be found. It would put to rest all the speculation and give the families and loved ones some closure at last.
Maybe if the families were told the truth they would get the closure they need and deserve,. Much like 911. Pat Tillman's murder, Extortion 17 takedown to murder SEAL Team 6, need I go on???
Now we get to wait a week till they recover the object, another week until it arrives at the secret doper lab, and another couple of weeks until they identifie it, so that's about a month worth of news and updates, these people are crazy!
Why still ignoring the Maldivian reports of low flying wide body airliner? This case is really a murky one. MH may think that without the "wreck clue" a case doesn't exist. They seem to keep searching where they are sure nothing will be find.
Well...luckily they searched the Malaysian PM's bank account and suddenly there's MILLIONS of dollars in it!!! Go figure!!!
More hope for those that lost their loved ones. Hope France releases the 'Barnacle Research' results on the flaperon soon.
A Yahoo article on floating garbage. Mostly what Yahoo writes about.
And you guys still read despite your complaints. Love it :-)
The best thing Yahoo does is give us this forum to spout off. This why they are my home page and why I stay with them.
That's the "only" thing Yahoo does correctly. They are basically a liberal propaganda rag.
this is becoming the Lost episode of the Twilight Zone. of course, Rod Sterling could do better, is just a Plane fact
It looks like somebody hid the evidence.
All the innocent people that perished are in HEAVEN!
I fully concur with comments made by Last Chamutinya! Prophet TB Joshua based in Lagos prophesied about the plane crash before it occurred and then after the crash he said he knew the location of the crash. It is astonishing how unbelieving this generation has become even when it comes to matters of life and death in their own interest! Engaging TB Joshua would be the easiest way out!
Anyone who knows anything about 370 please come forward.
America shot it down with the USS Hood. America thought the Wiki-Leaks guy was on it.
Spotting wreckage from 9,000 feet is questionable at best.
Yeah... It must have been a pretty large thing to be seen at that altitude. Wonder where it went?
No, it isn#$%$ not like there's a LOT of stuff floating in the middle of the frigging ocean!
Bob....Flying over large bodies of water at 9,000 feet can be deceiving. Whitecaps can look like debris.
So a single pilot said he saw debris, and a ship was diverted? Not far, I hope; fuel costs are calculated to the BONE!
Oh, so now we dont trust a pilot with many years of looking at the water. Great. Just who DO we trust with a sighting?
GL, is that what you said about all the pilots and veterans that saw a missile take down TWA 800?
What would be the point of recovering whatever it was (dead refrigerator) anyhow? Who CARES if it's a piece of wreckage? It's still flotsam ... actually jetsam, fallen, broken, or ejected off a ship ... aircraft ship
Actually, PJ. If it breaks off it is flotsam.
I thought flotsam was naturally occurring, like a whale carcass, or palm tree parts. ...
Flotsam is debris. Usually from a wreck. ....Jetsam is articles deliberately thrown overboard.....So if it breaks off unintentionally due to a storm, collision, etc. It would be flotsam. Of course, unless you witnessed the event, it might be hard to tell.
What did we call that? We had a name for those little tidbits in the Plan of the Day ... COB's Corner (?) on the subs, but elsewhere ...?
it's possible the planed was downed by a goblin on the wing chewing through all the wires and stuff. William Shatner still has nightmares about that ya know :p
would you post that comment if your child was a passenger? just think about that for a while and how you will feel when people make jokes about incident when you or your loved ones die. empathy..........
"thinking" give it a rest. Your feigned righteous indignation is annoying, you pathetic little puke!
how mature BOB. just answer the question IF you have the gutts. but, noooooo, instead hypocrites thumb down and leave immature insults and name calling because they KNOW i am right and they cannot tolerate truth about themselves.
i am sure some terrorist organization fessed up to this a while back, but the authorities just did not release any information as not to create panic and fear. this is a case of terrorism.
The terrorists would certainly have the option of going public with their claim - no way the authorities could stop that if they chose to use the internet. The news would be around the world before anyone could do anything.
They should better retrieve the object before making announcement ,people just sick of being given dashed hope .Why making announcement when the object sighted from altitude 3000m not yet retrieve talkless of confirming any possibility of it been related to the missing flight! Get the job done then make announcement .Stop the panic and high expectation when nothing concrete is yet to be established .
Pieces may wash up for a long time. They already confirmed the other piece of the plane. I would say that was pretty concrete. Dashed hope of what?
There was not any announcement douch bag. This story is only a report of events that happened previously. The highly ignorant nellies such as yourself only wish to stir the rabble.
They float for awhile until the internal gasses evacuate.
Oh no, tomorrow article; MH370 Chinese passengers relatives demands to be taken to the spot of the white floating object at Reunion island. Stay tuned as stories unravel into mini quest to make a complete stories.
Haha at the end they said what really happened in this article therefore, why was this even written? the writers are writing for shock value. Yahoo, turned into the National inquirer.
Why does anybody still care? Anticipation and frustration and anxiety and depression will only be prolonged as long as articles like this continue. And then, sadness develops when nothing is found. Don't give people hope like this article and then take it away like this article.
"Why does anyone still care".You ask???? Because the TRUTH would be nice. Those people lost their loved ones on that plane and would like some honest answers. Which of course they will never get. And the captain is being blamed for something he did NOT do. Just like Germanwings #9525, and 11 other crashed airliners and all the innocent people on board. It's very sad. But more than that....it's utterly DISGUSTING and CRIMINAL.
Will MH370 make its grand appearance from Diego Garcia for the next big false flag?
Big YAWNs. Roger you should get laid more often. Always some big cover up or "False Flag". Too much time on your hands son. The deterioration of the world and especially America is happening in plain View. Right in front of your eye NO NEED FOR COVER UPS! You can go back to your mommy's basement now. Take a nap. Its been a busy day.
Your life is a false flag.
With a name like COLLATERAL DAMAGE you would think you were AWAKE!!!!! Why do you think all of a sudden the Malaysian PM has MILLIONS of dollars in his bank account??? Don't be so quick to judge. Of course that plane was 'hijacked'. It was hijacked by taking it over using the flight termination system to keep that precious cargo out of the hands of the Chinese!!!!! And of course the US was involved. Why don't you do a little research and realize what kind of a country we live in. Hell...what kind of a WORLD we live in!!! PSYCHOPATHS RUN THE WORLD. Please wake up fast!!
Check with North Korea, about this important news event.
Yes, this is highly believable. The piece is just floating right there in the same place it fell more than a year ago. Now on with the deep sea oil sonar mapping on the public dime. Next oil funded MH370 debris article - exactly 2 weeks and every 2 weeks thereafter until all areas mapped.
The pilot who reported this said it looked similar to a pink elephant.
In the meantime, the object in my toilet was determined by authorities to not be a piece of MH370, but actually a piece of shi...
When you walk on a beach, how many small and light objects will you find before you find a big and heavy object like a flaperon? it's very odd that so far no lighter object like a life preserver, pieces of luggage, paper cups and even napkins with the airline markings will be good evidence. So far, nothing!
It could be that it was a "soft landing" as they speculated which may have left most of the body of the plane intact meaning the stuff from inside wouldn't be free to float away while external parts such as the flaperon could break free on impact and float away. Just speculating though.
MyOp - You are correct, there is all kinds of stuff on beaches. My view is that a lot of stuff may have washed up, but simply was not associated to the wreck. Think about it for a minute. If you are walking down a beach on Reunion (thousands of miles on the other side of the world from the site the plane was believed to have crashed - or really anywhere along the coast of Africa there or other islands) and you see pieces of luggage, clothing, water bottles, a cushion, even a life vest (assuming they were deployed) or any of the other light stuff, your first thought is "garbage"... or, "what a bunch of a-holes people are for throwing their trash in the ocean - we should do something about those cruise ships", or 100 other thoughts. "Missing plane" is not the first thought. So, when they found the flaperon, this is where a series of lights flashed in people's heads- 1) the object was relatively easy to identify as the part of a plane (or maybe confused for some kind of high tech rudder), 2) the person that identified it was smart enough to make a connection to "missing aircraft" and found it important enough to report it to the authorities, 3) the (probable) low level government official that it was first reported to also thought it important enough to tell someone in a position to do something about it - as opposed to leaving it in the corner of an office somewhere. There likely was all kinds of other stuff around - but simply was not identifiable, reported, etc.
There's an estimated 8,000 MILES of shoreline withing the search area, MO. And over 95% of it is uninhabited.
Yahoo, please put relevant picture of what they saw. Isn't that the wing unit they picked up weeks before. Remember some of your readers not involved in search are also plane experts who can give insights too. Again I believe the search planes being used are camera equipped with latest technology.
I was told by a source that the jet flew kind of low over Gilligan's Island, and had to emergency land on Fantasy Island. These Islands are not even on the map or listed as No Man's Land. No one flies over these Islands or any ships can get close too. So they just ignore Gilligan's & Fantasy Island all together as you only get there by sea plane or small craft. I don't believe it either, but guess it's the best excuse that anyone can find or come up with as both Islands only can handle small craft or hover craft or rafts. The smoke signals are basically from the Natives
@Ray, The 'smoke' must have signaled your brain to come up with this outlandish concept.
There's always one or two trolls who just HAVE to poke fun at a tragic event. Proud of yourself, Ray?
Hopefully this will lay to rest some of outlandish concepts on what happened.
One piece of debris some government entity left.
Yep. The plane parts laying in the Ukraine were not from the Boeing 777 what was claimed to have carried the passengers of #17, either. These people, sadly the majority, in this comment section have got to wake up and realize what a messed up Country...hell...messed up WORLD...we all live in!!! They drink up that koolaid like it's going outta style!!! So sad.
I think the plane was crashing, allah stepped in at the last minute and diverted the flight to heaven. since I am a lazy peron who couldn't be bothered to solve such mysteries, this is my answer. I hope my statement makes everybody realize why religion is still so popular in this day and age, its the easy way out.
yeah, that allah one really is a stupid one
This is the first we're hearing on confirmation about the other part found. odd the news isn't all over that here.
This is the first news YOU'RE hearing about the part confirmation. It's old news, released a week or so ago.
News outlets here in America are too busy obsessing 24/7 over an election that won't happen for another 14 months.
@Triker - I watch the news every morning. My wife's mother produces CBS Morning Show and I would have seen that confirmation. Commenter's right. They're all up the #$%$ of Hillary and Trump and the fires out west and that's about it.
You are correct Wahoo Member. triker trash is sound asleep with all the other sheople but continue to flap their mouth off at all of us who are awake and not buying into this BS anymore!!! The last I heard was that the "found" (meaning planted) flaperon was NOT from the aircraft that serviced flight #370. If and when they say it IS from Flight #370.... THEY WILL BE LYING. It's good to see some awake people on this board.
I guess there's no need to go searching for the plane when you can wait till all the pieces float onto the island and have on big reunion on Reunion island.
They are STILL looking using the underwater torpedo thingy, but they are NOT looking near Reunion Island, they are looking where they THINK it went down.
The ocean currents can do strange things. No telling where, or when, if ever, they find the major wreckage.
Sounds like the plane was intentionally flown into the ocean. Pilot suicide, no doubt.
Jerry I saw a pilot friend the day after MH 370 went missing He said " That plane was stolen" I suggested it landed on a remote island, repainted and it will return to the USA loaded with radioactive materials and crash into the White House, but OBAMA will be golfing in Hawaii,. & he knows all about it !
@Heinrik: Tell your Pilot Friend that his Thorazine drip is too strong.... Ease off a bit.
Heinrik has been sniffing glue again.
Happens to ships all the time. Airliners are big money.
The pilot or copilot was obviously mad at the world to cause him to do this; lord knows exactly why that was. Maybe well find something out about that when the wreckage is discovered.
Pilot suicide is the most likely explanation, but pilots don't like to admit they are as human as the rest of us. Ego issues, every last one of them. Sorry guys but that's the way it is. It's to be expected; some things require big egos, like neurosurgery - you can't be at all unsure about your abilities when you're poking around in someone's brain. Same for flying a plane with hundreds of people aboard - your confidence level has to be 100% and you cannot get there without a big ego. That's OK, but you have to recognize that pilots are human beings and some people have temporary or ongoing mental problems.
You're right. After watching Les Abend and other pilots on CNN cower in their chairs and grasp at any straw to offhandedly dismiss this possibility whenever it was mentioned proved to me that pilots just don't want to admit it. The flying public, and there are a lot of them out there, has a hard time admitting it to themselves too since it may cause them some hesitation about getting on that next flight if they did.
muslim pilot - not suicide - he was angry at china for doing something to muslims just a few days earlier
Without the data plate being on the flaperon that was found, it could have come off the 777 that crashed in Ukraine or San Fran. These articles claim that it's the only missing 777. Are all of the crashed 777s flaperons accounted for?
Inquiring minds would like to know how the part from the plane that went down in Ukraine floated over all that land in order to reach that island off the coast of East Africa?
If I recall, there was a lot of tampering with evidence for weeks before anyone was allowed in.
Perhaps it's the castaways from Gilligan's Island.
It was just a white floppy hat!
I didn't think it was confirmed that the wing part found in July was intact from MH370. I know it wasn't, but that doesn't stop irresponsible internet journalism.
It was confirmed Rob. You know how to use Google?
After two months of not confirming, there was a media/public frenzy demanding that the part be confirmed as from MH 370. They are just telling people what they want to hear. It doesn't take ten weeks to read a number stamped on an ID plate. Have another glass of Kool-Aid, Tom Thumb!
It was never confirmed. They went as far as to say there was nothing to ID the part to that aircraft. If it was then there would have been way more news with it, 2 weeks worth of CNN non-experts than their new theories and what we know now. NONE of that happened! Tom you're an idiot.
Rob, do you always shoot off your mouth like that? Idiot....looks like you're the idiot.
Actually, those with more than just two brain cells didn't need anyone in France to confirm anything about where this flap came from. It's not rocket science.
Sure, Futt. Because we can always assume that anything found supports the official narrative. Much easier that way. No need to think.....Baaaaaaa, baaaaaaaa
Here's what I know. This aircraft will be found, and it will be found somewhere in the Indian Ocean where they say it is. And I don't need anyone to tell me that because it's the only thing that makes sense given all the facts. I don't need to wait for the BEA to tell me this part is from MH370 because it's the only possible place it can come from, and the future will bear that out. In the final analysis, all you conspiracy clowns will have to explain away your idiocy and ignorance is another one of your dopey conspiracy theories because you're just way too ignorant and feeble-minded to admit you're wrong, and that's why no intelligent person listens to your mindless drivel.
French investigators have confirmed that a wing part found on the remote Indian Ocean island of La Réunion was from Malaysia Airlines flight MH370. From Maritime Executive MH370 Flaperon Is Confirmed as First Debris from Missing Malaysia Flight. NBC News Flight MH370 flaperon fragment confirmed by investigators. E&T, Engineering and Technology Magazine Rob L, I THINK it's been confirmed, son.
Reunion Island wing for dummies The only page worldwide that explained in advance the last act: no confirmation that wing is from the missing Boeing [for more than one month]. Unbelievable but true: worldwide NOBODY echoed the FULL story "two Malaysia Boeing 777", all staged with actors: - MH370 will resurface at Jerusalem's Temmple Mount, together woth Obama Bin Laden, exact remake of 9/11 with 4 fake airliners reduced to one fake ariliner, followed by Obama's full detonation as suicide bomber, launched with his staged arrest - exposed by Last Prophet 12 March 2014. - MH17 shot down in Ukraine, part of the arsenal of nazi agent playing "suicide bomber Putin", destroying Russia and Novorussia from within, before his full detonation, "fleeing"to Beijing. end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
Give it up. Your copied and pasted conspiracy claims are getting really old
News flash!! The white object floating in the ocean according to Yahoo is Kim Kartrashians missing underpants!!
and how does Marine know this? Because they were yellow in the front and brown in the back..trash is right.
If it were hers you could see them from the space station.
Based on the billions of pictures of her that you can't miss, even if you try, I wasn't aware that she wore underwear.
@Patrick. Yes you are absolutely right. She threw them in the ocean when they kept creeping up her fat A zz..
Understandable. With that caboose she could wear granny panties and they would still fit like a thong.
No, no, no.... the author got this wrong. They were NOT able to confirm the wing part in July was from MH370 and the ID plate was missing. Shifting to the present, it looks like someone is trying very hard to convince everyone that this was not foul play and some kind of a tragic accident. There are too many facts that speak otherwise and this is looking like they are taking parts off this plane and staging an accident scene. Those responsible need to be found out and held accountable for what they have done. Thx for reading.
The found flaperon is confirmed as coming from MH370, from an investigative standpoint - just not from an engineering one. The logic is thus... The flaperon has been confirmed as coming from a Boeing 777. There are no other Boeing 777s - in the entire world - missing a flaperon. What you're talking about is the fact that the lab couldn't find any identifying serial numbers. However, by transitive property, the flaperon is from MH370.
Michael H: No staged accident. The event was either actually an accident or it was the work of a deranged Muslim (I know that's redundant of me) pilot. My bet is the latter and I'm confident we will get the black boxes and learn the truth.
I think the 2 tons of lithium ion batteries onboard were a factor. BTW: French officials HAVE confirmed the part WAS from MH 370. The delay was because an expected ID tag was missing from the part. Other ID numbers matched up.
I would agree, how easy would it be to? pretty easy. MY guess is that it was shot down in a remote jungle (after all there were some military aircraft in the same vicinity as the MH370 when it diverted) So grab some pieces and throw them in the water. and say we found the plane and close the case
Yeah the lithium batteries went up in smoke and the pilot carefully avoided flying around land and turned off transponders right after last communication
"by transitive" property, the flaperon is from MH370". Hmm... haven't seen the word transitive used like that before. Are you sure that is correct useage? And so, of all the 1,328 Boeing 777's either in service or retired since 1995, none is missing a flaperon and all manufactured flaperon's, spares, defective or otherwise are accounted for?
Michael - how are the tinfoil prices over your way? Sounds like you probably have a good handle on the good deals....
ah, and the paranoid wack-jobs slither out from under their rocks.............
Michael H...you are right to be suspicious about positive ID of the flaperon...there has been too much effort by the media to convince the public that this plane went down in the ocean...something doesn't up with this lost plane
John, if it didn't go down at sea, where is it? something as big as a 777 can't land at some podunk airport in the middle of nowhere. you need a long, heavy runway to set one down on, and unless you want it spotted by one of the private imaging satellites now orbiting the Earth, you need a building big enough to put it in. so where, pray tell, do you propose it is? or is that asking to much of that paranoid/delusional mind of yours?
There have been some very intelligent minds that have weighed in on the events of this aircrafts disappearance. Name calling, intimidation and other tactics do nothing more than support the 'status quo'. If we do not question, we do not learn. If we blindly accept the convenient or contrived we do not approach the truth. If we accept to not question then we settle for anyone who wants to revise history and hide truth.
Yes it does, and my stomach is churning out of fear that you are right Michael.
Who cares if it was or wasn't an accident. Your conspiracy theories are null against that assertion.
well, Michael H, I 'assert' that if you jump of a fifty story building, you'll go "SPLAT!". care to challenge that 'convention'? better still, who are these "very intelligent minds" you allude to, and what are they asserting? claiming that "If we accept to not question then we settle for anyone who wants to revise history and hide truth." is a trite way of saying that either we follow your 'logic', or we are blind puppets. offer me some proof that there is some sort of conspiracy, don't just make vague claims, because those are a penny a half-ton weight.
Alex, there is nothing 'trite' about the disappearance of this flight and the people on board. I am not intimidated by your words or analogies. Acquaint yourself with all that has been written about this incident, popular and unpopular in mainstream and sidestream media if you want to enlighten yourself on what some very intelligent people have said about the transponder, disappearance from radar, ascension of the aircraft, course correction, shadowing with a Singapore airlines flight in the area bound for Barcelona, and so on... Where have you been man? Surely you don't want to give the impression you let others do your thinking for you. I am meerely reminding readers they should continue to question and seek the truth here, wherever it may lead. Now who is being blind here?
Last I heard was the part was from MH 370 but whoever examined it said there were signs it had been tampered with. Kind of wierd.
Would have been seen long before now. And all of a sudden it pops up ? Next we'll be seeing skeletons strapped in chairs.
An aircraft at the bottom of the ocean (if it had landed softly) would now be breaking apart and rising to the top. Not at all out of the question.
Glenda - I think you don't quite grasp just how big the ocean really is. Things a large as full connex shipping containers get lost off of cargo ships in the ocean and go floating around for years without being spotted. There are whole areas of the ocean that nobody flies over, much less stares down at the ocean surface for hours on end to try to spot something floating in it.
at 10,000 feet ...must have good eyes
or it could be a large object...
Just Michael Moore swimming with the Dolphins.
he wouldn't stand out as much swimming with whales..........it had to be dolphins......
It would have had to be very large to see from almost 10,000 feet.
That was my exact thought also, even a 15 meter boat is very difficult to spot from that altitude, and if there is some chop it becomes impossible.
CNN breaking news.......MH 370 still missing.
that's funny....in a sad kind of way.
You've got to have very good eyesight to see anything floating in the water from 9800 feet AGL
Depends on how large the piece of debris is.
Really depends how large it is. I fly out of LAX often and can easily identify small fishing boats from 10K feet.
Pilot spots something floating in the ocean. Pilot asks a ship nearby to divert and inspect the area where object was seen floating. Ship diverts and finds nothing. The end. And this deserves an article. Thanks for nothing. What a waste.
Couldn't anyone take a photo of the thing? A very distant one, but at least to show a shape/size.
I know I'm skeptical But I hardly believe face value anything I read on yahoo They could tell me we live on earth and I would still question the actual story only because I read it on yahoo
Soooo, you get your news and info from Foul Noise Nutwork and right wing radio ranters, like Rash or Shorn?
Francois what ever your smoking must be some good stuff cause I'm still trying to decipher what you wrote down.
Curious, if you don't believe anything on Yahoo, then why do you come back ?
Seriously? You don't question Yahoo and their "informative" articles on things that are obvious to most people.
I doubt whether The Executive even wrote his comment I think it was executives secretary. See how this works :)
Rushster, Then why are you bothering to read Yahoo?
why read the article and then post a comment?
Poster Rushter is living PROOF that he is a cerebrally collapsed COUK and clod, as he can't decipher simply written post to describe his duncity!
I'm loving it yall getting bent Great I own you clowns
Rash and Shorn love ya, baby! They need doofuses, dorks and dim bulbs to help them laugh all the way to the bank!
It was only a matter of time... I'm glad the debris is finally showing up. Anything helps with Closure for the families....
what was a matter of time? nothing has been found. have you actually read the article or commentS?
What the pilot really spotted "floating in the water" was the boat that was later diverted to see what was "floating in the water".
What the pilot spotted was the boat that was diverted to see "the object" floating in the water.
Take a cruise and the only risk is with food poisoning or sickness. Not much chance of a rogue wave..
Sadly even freighters cost more than flying unless you're working.
It was a "white" object! Well, it wasn't Obama!
Wait. Oh, I get it! You mean because Obama is not white! LOL! Man, you are really funny!
Congrats! You win the Obama-Troll award! You must be real proud! Tell me, when Bernie or Hillary wins, will you switch from Racist to Anti-Semite or Misogynist?
Must be a pretty big chunk to spot from 9800 feet.
As they said, from 9800ft, the object had to be fairly large to see with the naked eye......one does not see white trash bags from that high. Even a ship would not see the item, if they were a few thousand feet off location. To bad the pilot didn't borrow someone's camera to take a picture.
Too bad he couldn't look down and note the GPS coordinates.
anyone with me..in that its easier to go straight to the end of the article after reading the headline?
You can't see much from a ship, unless it is floating on top of the water. Need to spot it from the air (and It must be big if a pilot can see it from 9,800 ft at 500 mph).
Typical...."news" with no actual "news content".... Must be a tough existence where "news space" has to just be filled up with something--and it does not matter what that "something" is.... Ever notice how the same stories appear on Yahoo day after day? Any actual news is actually from other sources...or a person needs to check out actual news sources at home and abroad to find out anything substantive.
Humm, I did not look at exact model on flight MH370 a 777. But lets see?, a 777 engine spool failure in Las Vegas about a week ago.
as you all make jokes consider if you can summon the iq for empathy. It is a fact that empathy requires a higher level of intelligence which may explain all the jokes about the innocent people murdered on this flight. Consider if your child was a passenger. How long before its ok to laugh about it?!!?! hmmmmmmm?
how do you know they were murdered Bill Nye?
Your post would have been valid a year ago... but not today. I guess you're really NOT "thinking", huh?
so whats your answer BOB? so it would be ok to make jokes about your child being murdered NOW?!?! somehow i get impression you are more upset that YOU laughed at the jokes than what i have done or said, except maybe mad at me for making you think, albeit a little late. will you now pout to a point of making jokes about as many murdered and deceased people as possible thiking it will somehow spite me or prove you are a man? can you answer a single question or just name call? grow a pair bob!
probably shot down by the clintons. they did it before they'll do it again
I wonder why The Pilot didn't divert and Fly low enough to Get a Good Look and a GPS location ? Probably would have Took No More than Fifteen Minutes... I forgot It is cheaper to fly more planes and Boats To a Location That is constantly changing due to currents.... and will be Long Gone ...............
He would violate company policy. He probably did determine a coordinate from his GPS
9800 feet is almost two miles. That had to be a large object. A ship searching for the object would have to almost run over it to find it. Ship doesn't have the benefit of 'look down' Could be nothing more than a white sail on a sailboat.
This whole story is summed up in the last sentence , the diverted ship didn't find anything , try n make u read the whole story of stuff u already read 100 times on yahoo
they must give out their pilots' health, religion, race, maximum hours between rest and age of planes, repair history or we no fly
I'd be happy with video in the cabin, at all times. Pilots fight it. Consider that.
Because you want to know if it is a crazy German that is going to fly you into a mountain?
h e - yes - that's under health - mental for malaysian? muslim - no suicide either - he want to kill chinese as china did something to muslims just days earlier & he did make a threat - so i wouldn't fly with such a load of mainly chinese with such a pilot - see? or no fly - by land & sea or by sea & land
The pilot saw something floating 3,000 meters below? Wow he has good eyes!!!
Would you prefer the pilot be blind as a bat?
Once again, almost a news story.
for cryign out loud, just get the thing first before reporting anything
well, how did you expect the AirFrance pilot to get the thing considering that he was in the process of landing his plane when he saw it? It's not like he could just park the plane at 3,000ft and get out to grab it.
What did one shark say to another shark?, Man this airplane food really does taste terrible
To see it from 9800 feet it would have to be quite large but... for a ship to find it even if it knows the location is a huge task as it's a very large body of water and with ocean swells sand white caps... you get the picture.
Your right wolverine81. Sounds disappointing after sounding positive at the beginning of the article
After months in an ocean full of hungry fish, what do you expect them to find, a corpse with a sarcastic note tied to it?
Sure, a year later the whole 777 is just floating along. The passengers are having a party. Give it up, its at the bottom of the ocean and won't be found.
All that foam they make planes out of will float.
Sam, not a year later it won't . And if the airplane was ditched and sank intact, there won't be anything coming up.
Who really cares any more about this story ???
May be it was just a big whale.
Who cares they are all dead anyways..
Funny, the island name is "REUNION." What a nice name of a island, for the reunion of the 239 people on the airplane and their family to have a nice reunion. See how God has plan it.
hmmmmm they didn't find anything, the pilot reported something in the water but nothing was found....wondering why this is a story?
Okay, Ginger or MaryAnn? I say MaryAnn! Yummy!
The part can not not be at a spot
It was probably sea foam. But if it had been something it would have meant the plane was somewhere nearby. Its a shame they didn't.
It'll be weeks before they find it again and once they do, months to determine if it is from the airliner.........
One would think it would be fairly easy to trace the steps of the lost airliner using the found debris, I was fully expecting authorities to find the aircraft by now!!!
Retracing after more than one year of unpredictable currents? You've got to be kidding.
Back tracing ocean currents is not that easy. In some areas medium and shallow depth currents change weekly. An object dropped in at one location today could end up thousands of miles away if dropped in next week and 10,0000 miles if dropped in in two weeks. In addition little research has been done on currents in the open areas of this part of the worlds oceans.
People watch too many movies and think that is how it works in the real world. Even if the debris just floated to the surface and stayed right where the plane crashed it would still be extremely difficult to find. Imagine that someone hid a pin head on a football field and told you to find it. But, you have to walk for an hour to get to the football field, you can only look for 20 minutes, and then you have to walk an hour back to refuel. Also, you can't look at night, you can't look when it's raining, and you can't look when it's windy. Good luck!!!
Of course is seems easy...from your armchair.
None of you idiot know anything about search and rescue, just shut your traps!!!
Obviously you know nothing about everything so ...................
By my calculations/guess (based on ocean currents) other pieces could be located on this tiny island... "Nosy Boraha, Analanjirofo, Toamasina, Madagascar".
I bet Raymond (Redd) Reddington could tell you who's responsible for this. It's gotta be a Blacklister.
This is why you never let Obama take the wheel
Now the world can spend millions more finding dead people instead feeding and clothing live people
Yes, that is how it works. Like, instead of killing Assad, crushing his minions, and letting Syrians work out the differences. They let him live and displace millions. Hundreds of thousands die and suffer. The former accomplishes something, the latter allows showing of compassion and many many years of justification for UN and politicians jobs. Simple, human lives, vs ego and money. Lives always loose.
JeffC, The needy ARE well cared for in most countries. Even ³rd world countries have been given aid, but corruption means it does not necessarily get to the people. Not much can be done about that
Uatu, Why do you buy into the Democrats socialist lie? Assad had peace on all borders. UN peacekeepers had no problems, complaints until ISIS overran their post. ALL religions were free to worship. No attacks had union any faith, church, worshipper, or pastor, teacher. ASSAD had a relatively Prosperous country, good economy. Instability came under OBAMA. Look at Libya, stable, Prosperous until ----Obama's Arab Spring. Egypt, same thing. Iraq, Bush had a weak, but stable government, had agreement to keep troops in Iraq to continue working with military. OBAMA SCREWED THAT UP. LOST IT. CONDI RICE has stated there was no plan to ever leave Iraq until truly secured. Bush warned what is now happening, would happen back in 2007 speech if we pulled out to soon. Yes! Obama is a real screw up loser, incompetent.
Big white object? Was it wearing pant suits? Hillary?
Those who know what happened keep quiet or they will get you.
Why is this still an issue? Do people still think their loved ones are alive?? Give it up and move on ... jeezzzzz
What a waste of time reading this.
Are they searching the area with under water special machines to see if any planes on bottom of the water area. Sounds like a good idea to do it... based on parts washing up....
The only thing that survived was that first stage titanium fan disk .
Flying with Obozo and Lil Kim from North Korea.
Well, heh heh heh, if it IS from the plane, we know it isn't a body becz everybody on board was yellow! Uh huh!!
They should concentrate on looking for the plane in that area....or nearby islands in that vicinity....whatever, we know that the plane did crash, but where, is the question that for a year and a half, has no valid answers....
Your comment assumes that ocean currents don't move floating debris anywhere, and that the water pressure bearing down on a sunken jet won't force water into every place that it can. The only reason they found that flaperon floating around is because it broke free on impact. There's a really good reason why no one's paying you to look for MH370.
they shouldn't pay you either...your opinion sucks......
"Y" couldn't he stop, and pick it up??
Its down here where I am?
it's awful that many planes crashed after this
white and floating in the ocean from a vatange point of about 10,000 ft? I'm gonna go with the object being a boat?
i wonder if they'll find the black boxes... it will be hard because the last signals were found in this spring
hey,watch edwin.The only one that is reporting it is the media.YOU KNOW THEY MAKE MONEY NO MATTER IT IS TRUTH OR LIES.STOP THIS MALAYSIA BASHING O.K.I AM TIRED OF THAT PART.
I'm sure everyone will be fine. Get well soon.
I don't know why people can't just accept that the plane is gone and the people on board with it. Stop putting more people at risk looking for it.
Well, that's idiotic. That's why people can't "just accept" it. It is of paramount importance for a number of reasons to understand what happened to this aircraft.
The risk reward ratio isn't worth it. Nor are we likely to find enough pieces to make sense of it. It isn't like it went down in a lake where all the chunks are easy to retrieve. We haven't even mapped most of the ocean where it is missing.
Risk? What risk? It's costly but except for that there's no risk.
No risk? Have you not read anything about ocean travel in the Indian Ocean? It is one of the most rugged unexplored places left and big enough to swallow our country whole without a trace.
Rob, as much as I'd like to agree with you, finding the plane is crucial to figure out what happened.
Sure it would be great, but I still don't believe it is worth the risk or cost at this point.
I guess the main part is still in a Diego Garcia hangar with its frozen passengers
MH370 is a DRILL - hoax..... And we have the proof... Google this... Wellaware1
Its a guy with no arms or legs named, "Bob".
nothing to see here please disperse
Why are we not hearing the reports of people being seen and then dissapear
Why do you think the sharks have put on so much weight in that area??
Striker, you're coming in too low.....
I can't tell you that, it's classified
take the relatives to another reunion near where they found that floating object, and drop a bomb on them
Thanks GGGAADDAAMMMM IDIOT BUSH....Thanks for Deregulating Airline Safety Rules......Thanks a Lot
Scott is always entertaining in his ignorance. Thanks for the laughs
Just drop the pieces in the water one at a time.
it would have to be......The WHOLE AIRPLANE to Spot it from 9,800.......Wonder if the Pilot saw a Freighter ?
Objects as small as 50 ft long can be easily spotted from 9,800 feet.
Not Easily with the Naked Eye