MH370 made a distress call which Malaysia refuses to publish. According to the China Times they declared an emergency and intended to make an immediate landing because their "cabin faced disintegration." The distress call was heard by a US Navy listeng post VTBU-Rayong at U-Tapao Thailand. When a US attorney requested NSA to release the information it holds about MH370 the NSA refused on grounds of Executive Order 13526 that release of information about MH370 would endanger national security. Obama hads declared the information top secret. Why embargo a distress call?
I doubt they will find any debris, considering the plane must have landed somewhere. Its being covered up and they know more than they are telling us. It will come out eventually but it will be too late. This plane will be used for some type of attack by terrorist groups. I hope I am wrong.
This whole episode is an absolute cluster from the beginning. Remember when the Prime Minister said the plane went down way out in the Indian Ocean and everyone has died, end of story. That was where they had intended to close the book and wash their hands of it. Fortunately the people called BS and said you'll have to come up with another story and they did again and again and again. What is so sickening is they know where it is and what happened, playing every one for an idiot! There will come a day where the truth will be known, it's just a matter of time.....
I think they have an idea of what happened, but I don't think they know where it is. The search was just a dog and pony show to keep the heat off of them for not finding it...
Really? Really? Audio recordings of the final conversations between pilots of the missing Malaysian jet and teams of air traffic controllers on the ground were "edited" before they were made public, voice experts say. The tapes also appear to be recorded by at least two different audio sources, one of which may have been a digital recorder held up to a speaker, they said. I have no doubt that they know much more than we are allowed to know. Days of our Lives doesn't even have this many twists!
They edited out a distress call by pilots claiming their cabin was disintegrating
RIP passengers of MH370. May God bless your heartbroken family and friends.
Lithium batteries react to water. At some time that might make the jet break up, or release bubbles. 550 pound might not be enough
If the people who watch the monitors worked here in the US there #$%$ would be fired. And given the third degree. Don't know what they do in Malaysia for there failure to pay attention
I don't even need to READ the story to understand that flying out of Malaysia is a really BAD idea! It is obvious that they have no concern for what their responsibilities are toward passenger travel. As such, I'd have to seriously call into question the intelligence of anybody dumb enough to do so at this point in time. Face the piper Malaysia. You blew it BIG TIME!
This whole story has become ridiculous...
The report doesn't say a whole lot. The most interesting thing to be learned from it is that the last transmission from MH370 occurred at 1:19:24. Less than 2 minutes later, at 1:21:13, the first transponder was shut off.
what happened to the 2 mystery passengers on the flight that had stolen passports? No talk of that anymore
Nothing to say about them...people travel on stolen passports all the time, doesn't make them terrorists per se'
As 'Me' said, there's a plethora of reasons, albeit mostly criminal, in which a person would use a fake passport, but that doesn't mean they actually involve downing the plane or killing people.
True. It just another weird unknown with the mystery disappearance of this flight. But there has not been anymore info regarding who they were. i think somebody knows something
Is Malaysia airlines reimbursing the expenses of all those countries that assisted in the search? Just curious...
Is that Anderson Cooper standing behind that guy?
Actually I think Mahoney paid him to be under the podium
Wow Teeko our age is showing.Tom they have a Cooper latch on 727 aft stairs to keep them from opening in flight.
Malaysia is beginning to guess things now. The other day the plane was said to have crashed with no survivors and the next day, the plane may be held somewhere and now....
Save the 'preliminary report' until after evidence of the plane's destination can be confirmed. Until that time, no report can be considered accurate, credible, or anything more than government propaganda.
Summary: They don't know where it is.
Summary: They are not liable to the families.
Summary: Tune again tomorrow for another exciting episode of.........
Summary: Nobody knows where it is.
Summary: This has been a list of summaries.
Summay: Thank you very much, please come again.
Summary: The Malaysian gov't knows where it is but aren't saying
If I am chosen to head the CNN, the first thing I would do is to send all anchors to a rehab that breaks their annoying habit of blurting out "Breaking News", every thirty seconds, even though there is nothing new. The bald guy at 6PM (Pacific Time) yesterday got all excited about the preliminary report until an expert assured him that it is just a ho hum boring report that just describes bare facts, when the airliner took off, when the radar readings were taken etc. The anchor clearly looked unhappy at the answer and blurted out 'breaking news" a couple of more times as a revenge. Look, I understand the ever hapless ratings getter CNN has hit on a jackpot with this story but must they lick out the bottom of the barrel right into the metal instead moving on to another viable story!
This is what they do.. I am not defending CNN.. but we do have options. I just do not watch CNN or any other news network anymore.
I think they should position their reporters as buoys all across the Indian Ocean where they can frantically wave their arms for air time whenever something floats by like they did in Boston. It wasn't pretty but it sure was comical.
The point is that they have no other stories to tell. None that are as sensational as this one. Why are you even watching CNN. I don't own a TV for this very reason, it's all garbage "news" networks and stupid TV shows.
Enough people are watching or they wouldn't keep "breaking" news
Well, I am already full of the Donald Sterling breaking news reports. How many times do you have to interview black athletes, politicians, church leaders, etc. to make the point? We get it. It was a bad thing to do. We're not going to solve racism by hammering this thing to death. Let's move on already.
Breaking News!!!! It's in their contracts to say that!
This is what 24 hour "News" is today. It's not journalism. It's what some in the industry might call "piling on". Just pile the news stories on top of each other...disregard the facts, just get the message out...we'll make corrections later. They're competing with all the other 24 hour news stations and the name of the game is to be first with the news regardless if it's accurate of even true.
They should look for pongs instead of pings. And in the Mediterranean sea. Obviously none of the experts have any real clues
If you mention in your story that the plane disappeared from radar "for 17 minutes" you have to explain if that's normal or not. Is that normal? Unusual? Has it ever happened before? If it's something that can be caused by the weather, electrical malfunction, or some other simple explanation there's no point in even mentioning it. Also, how often are lithium batteries shipped by air? How many were shipped? If it's OK to ship, say, 200 pounds of batteries by air if they're packaged correctly and it's something that's done hundreds of times a month by airlines all around the world?Then that's another statement that means basically nothing so why even mention it? Another news story that contains no 'news'.
According to SOP set by ICAO, the ATC guys should have alerted their air force if they can't establish any communication with an airplane after 15 minutes.
Complaining about Yahoo news is like complaining that McDonalds doesn't know anything about Fine Dining.
exactly and they have to say something.. and besides, its not yahoo news its the associated press and yahoo is posting it , much different and mention of lithuim batteries is significant as it is widely known that they interact and explode when in contact with water, so they are giving you information that with that kind of cargo, the plane could have been basically disintegrated under water
It's normal. The aircraft flies out of the radar coverage of the one country before it enters the coverage of another. No radar stations in the open water areas. Is the norm for transoceanic flights.
It was no longer Malaya control problem; they handed it off to VN control. VN control never called it because it did not call in to the VN control and did not enter that air space either... not VN's problem either. The choice of that moment and that spot to turn around is no chance happening. It was planned by American black ops, executed by P. Woods, and the plane went to Diego Garcia. It is now gone. The cover up was badly botched.
The cover up was badly botched but the disappearance of the plane was smooth sailing. Seems like the hardest part would be the disappearance of the plane without anyone knowing where it was. How difficult could a cover up story be? Why not just create a fake wreckage site and say that's the plane. Or better yet throw some 777 parts in the water and claim the plane crashed into a million pieces and the same with the passengers and they all became fish food? In world war 2 the ship that was carrying the nukes was sunk and was not allowed to send out a distress signal and out of 600 sailors, over 300 were devoured by sharks before they were rescued. Get real...a cover up can't possibly be as badly botched as what is being reported and if anything the change in info and misinformation points more to the authorities not having a clue what really happened. They never changed any info cuz someone called them on it. It was changed after further investigation was done. Which is what really occurs in real life investigations and not on TV
What reason did the pilot give for return back. Are we missing some important information. No airline will return full loaded with passenger with out passing the full reason. Also, all airlines have emergency supply and communication. How come, all come to a complete stop . How come, the authorities knowing the airline was returning back, they did not follow it's track, and after long time, an alert was given. When any airline return back, it means, it is impossible to carry on the trip, so it requires more caution to its where about. Some one is not telling us all the information. What ever happened on board, some means of communication could be used, unless ???????mystery is hidden from public.
Why didn't the pilot or co-pilot call when flying back over Mylaysia if all communications were down? Maybe they did try and couldn't get through. I know his cell phone pinged on a tower. Or it was hi-jacked by the pilot or someone else. If it was mechanical they still could call unless passed out from fumes when oxygen masks ran out. Such a mystery.
Cordell: From this report, it seems that the Malaysian military was a little negligent in their duties when they did nothing for 2 hrs. as this plane deviated from its normal route and flew westward towards the Bay of Bengal. Although there was some initial actions related to the plane possibly being somewhere around islands in the Bay, there doesn’t seem to have been any significant investigation. In fact if I remember correctly, only a representative of an Antaman Island newspaper was consulted. It was felt by a well respected British company that the deviated plane could have taken a southern or northern route when it reached the Indian Ocean’s Bay of Bengal. The southern route was chosen because of the Doppler effect and satellite findings. Nothing was found. If the northern route had been searched, the area of the Bay of Bengal around the Andaman & Nicobar Islands would have been considered, and maybe we would now know the whereabouts of Flt 370.
What makes this case so interesting is that no matter which way you turn it, no one scenario seems to make sense. I am very curious as to what happened.
I don't understand why they waited almost a month before bringing in the black box (ping) locator. They knew the battery would go dead after 30 days. Makes no sense to wait so long.
I think they brought it in after one of our subs determined where to look. Why else did it hear pings immediately after being deployed?
But the pings were intermittent, which is not how that works. The box pings continuously until the batteries die and then it goes silent, it does not ping for 15 minutes and then stop for a day and ping for an hour the next day.
no black box was ever brought in to anyone. If it was, they might have a clue as to what happened.
supermom - the radio signals from the boxes can deflect off of underwater mountains and thermal layers in the water. They were lucky to detect the pings for as long as they did. Plus, the detector (a ship in this case) was probably moving. It would be like getting long range FM radio at night. Sometimes it comes in clear, but as soon as your favorite song comes on you lose the station.
I always thought that after Air France 447 was lost a few years ago ,it was a precedence to what would follow with this flight ?. There are mystery people, mystery times , and much that tells oneself,that a definite collusion was in play ,with its supposed ""Disappearance "" which with a malleable and heightened Mass Media in a 24/7 World can effectively mesmerize ourselves with ''special reports"" and "" undisclosed sources "" to keep whetting the appetite to those who follow this operation . It has the airs of something that was ""Planned "" more then a accident or by chance . For what reason ,well one has to look into what governments and politicians do ? and why one never knows the truth. Science fails, Technology fails ,and what else are modern societies capable of solving mysteries ,not much !.
Google "TEXT FROM PASSENGER OF MALAYSIAN PLANE" and find out an INTERESTING STORY that was not REPORTED on the MAIN NEWS, about a PASSENGER who was taken away from the plane to a SECRET US BASE!!
Yeah...if it's on the internet it has to be true!!
Yeah.. if someone opens their EYES they HAVE to be an idiot! It was not reported on the MAIN NEWS so it MUST not be true! OPEN YOUR CLOSED EYES!
Someone HAS to say this once and for all... forget the "They landed it" stuff... seriously. It's a nice novel, but you are missing a whole bunch of logic thinking anyone would successfully "steal" an aircraft of this size and weight. It makes NO sense. A B777 is an EXTREMELY heavy aircraft with an enormous wingspan. You cannot land it on dirt, or on a road, you need a certain kind of runway that can take this heft, not to mention the length necessary. EVERY country in the world with an airline, poor or rich, can get a hold of an old plane cheaply if they have ill intentions, they don't need the risk and expense of "stealing" a B777 and all of the logistic problems a plane so huge and heavy represents. You need a lot of infrastructure just to LAND it, let alone hiding it, refueling it, and then taking off. The B777 is everywhere world wide. Countries all over the globe do upgrades and maintenance on these aircraft all of the time... every country that WANTS access to one can get it, or their citizens can anyhow. The FACT is it's a HUGE ocean, very deep, underwater mountains and canyons... vast surface that takes weeks to check out a small patch... rolling, nasty weather and chop that would sink most pieces in a storm. The Malaysian govt botched this by not bringing in world experts from the very first moments. Had they, they might have found wreckage at the surface. There simply is NO conspiracy... think about it... the money, planning, infrastructure necessary... and for WHAT? You can get an old plane easily, cheaply... makes no sense. It's a nice novel, but just not reality.
This aircraft would never complete a mission either. It would stick out like a sore thumb on anyone's radar and be shot down before it even got to complete its mission. Terrorists are smart enough to know this, but some people are still in a panic from 9/11 and are not thinking clearly or logically. There is no way anyone landed this aircraft to use it later. It's at the bottom of the ocean and will ultimately be found there.
My only question is if it turned back (for whatever reason) why would it continue flying out towards nothing? It doesn't make sense that the plane passed numerous opportunities to land when it came back over the peninsula and continued to fly out towards the ocean.
The only thing is they were passed out and it was on auto pilot but to me that doesn't make sense either. I cannot figure this mystery out.
It's clear from the evidence that currently exists that this aircraft was diverted at a point where it could confuse ATC to buy some time to get away and then maneuvered to avoid both Thai and Indonesian airspace before it headed south out ofver the Indian Ocean. Motivation for why this was done cannot be determined without more information about who was flying the aircraft. Human motivation, especially that of the irrational type, is very hard to determine and understand without some kind of information about the person, preferrably from the person themselves. Evven if we find out who did this, we nay never find out why.
Who said they wanted the plane?? You know what happens when you assume don't you?
BluePitBull... I thought I was clear. Splash. Any further questions?
B777-9X thank you for assuring me that the whole general public isn't a bunch of conspiracy hungry fanatics. People seem to feel the need to make something bigger out of this like if it's the first plane to ever disappear. The only reason nobody can figure out where it's at is cuz there is basically no information to follow. Even the conspiracy nuts can't agree on a conspiracy...it's at Diego Marcus...no it's in Pakistan being loaded with bombs..no it was hijacked to get rid of patent holders of a computer chip so that Lord Rothchild could be the only patent holder...no the plane never existed and the family members are a bunch of actors.....and lets not forget the IBM executive that casually stuffed his cell phone up his butt (youch!) and made a phone call later with his butt cheeks to Uranus. Those are only a few and not all.....90 % of the public is off their rocker.
There is as much proof that they landed it somewhere is there is that it crashed into the ocean-none. So I don't know how you can discount that theory. So it takes a long landing strip. You don't think a well-funded terrorist organization couldn't build one? It's not rocket science. You clear a piece of land, level it, throw down a gravel bed, and pave it. U.S. Navy Seebees could make airstrips during WWII in a few days. As far as what they did with it, my brother-in-law is a jet mechanic. He said that an experienced crew with the right equipment could have the wings and the tail off of it in 4 to 5 hours. Then store it away in someplace where it can't be seen from the air...
I find it completely unfathomable a pilot and/or co pilot took their own lives along with 200+ others and not leave any explanation. I am also very glad I do not have to travel on that side of the world anymore. What on earth did they do for the 4+hr delay in alerting anyone? Stare at a PPI? Sloppy from the word go. My condolences.
Nothing. That is why they should have an international organization take their rights to fly away. This Is a very sad story with negligence by the airline officials written all over it. End of story.
How do you know that the pilot took their own lives with the passengers? Maybe the pilote did all they could to go back to the airport but passed out. Experienced pilotes had stated that they too would have gone down 12,000 feet if there was an emergency.
After they shut down communications, then the IFF system after establishing a track? No, White. Don't think so....
This is the key phrase in the article and explains everything: "The report noted that there is NO REQUIREMENT" (emphasis mine) "for real-time tracking of commercial aircraft, and said the uncertainty about Flight 370's last position made it much more difficult to locate the plane. It recommended that international aviation authorities examine the safety benefits of introducing a tracking standard." Which being translated means that we are now to listen to the worldview of the people who either through ineptness or contrivance now think the answer lies in TRACKING EVERYTHING IN THE AIR ALL OVER THE WORLD 24/7. Or how do you spell, Big Brother's watching you!? Certainly the technology is there to monitor and track everything and everyone. Certainly we are not living in the last days (daze!). It is the last seconds and minutes and hours. Start reading the Book of Revelation. The Bible for that matter. The events mentioned therein speaking of a future time just before The Kingdom of God is established on earth, in Jerusalem, with Messiah Jesus (Yeshua ha Masheach) sitting on His Throne...all this is on vivid display as it plays out on the world stage right before our eyes. Bless yourself with this advice and gain "ears to hear what the Spirit says" in accordance with these prophetic events that were written for us to see and act upon---written over 4 millennium ago in advance of the day in which we live to see all of it come to pass. There is a simple password to all of this that first must be accessed if one would even have a chance to (someday soon) stand before our Maker and hear him say, " Well done, blessed servant! Enter into Joy!" To quote Jesus who expounded on this spiritual "encryption code" in John chapter 3, "Do not think it strange when I say to you, 'You must be born again'. Unless one is born again, of the Spirit---from above, that one cannot even see, much less enter the Kingdom of God."
Artie: Religious fanatics will not find this airplane!
To this day, there is not a single piece of evidence that the plane crashed in the water. Not one.
The best clue I have heard is the underwater search org that says they think it is farther north but the Malaysia doesn't want to check into that possibility...
The officials in charge of the hunt don't want to be "wrong".....
A lot of conspiracy theories going on. But if, for whatever reason, the plane went down in the Indian Ocean, no trace may ever be found. That's so much deep, empty water that finding some debris would be like finding a flea on an elephant's fanny. Weeks and then months later, whatever may have been floating near where the plane sank will be carried off by the ocean currents. Something may end up washing up on some shore somewhere, but actually finding significant wreckage seems unlikely.
Or maybe they WON'T find the WRECKAGE, becuause there IS no WRECKAGE!
Sad for the families. My heart and prayers are with them. :(
I agree, Joshua. The families left behind who won't know what happened to their loved ones is very sad. And Your - i did say IF it went down there. I find it difficult to believe that that airliner is anywhere on this planet in an intact state. That's a pretty big thing to hide. They'd have to kill every passenger on board, or at least most of them, as they couldn't ALL be on the conspiracy and the innocent ones wouldn't stay quiet. No, sorry, but that plane isn't going to be found.
I am required? What? Switching to the ocean floor? No debris field? What? How long did it take to find the Air France flight? This plane either crashed or crashed landed into water or land or did it? If on land, the aircraft impact would have been detected. If in water, the debris field would have been massive. Our current classified satellites can read a license plate. We can rule out a crash on land or a crash landing in water. That leaves a normal landing on land. Someone is doing a little bit of fibbing here.
When Air France 447 crashed in the Atlantic Ocean on May 31, 2009, it did not leave a large debris field that was easily found; rather, it left some small debris fields of small things, and the largest piece of the wreckage on the surface - the tail section - was not found until almost a week after the crash Most of the stuff that was little stuff that was picked up in drips and drabs. It's entirely possible that this crash may be the same. 447 was an Airbus 330 and has similar dimensions to that of a 777. "On 2 June at 15:20 (UTC), a Brazilian Air Force Embraer R-99A spotted wreckage and signs of oil, possibly jet fuel, strewn along a 5 km (3 mi) band 650 km (400 mi) north-east of Fernando de Noronha Island, near the Saint Peter and Saint Paul Archipelago. The sighted wreckage included an aircraft seat, an orange buoy, a barrel, and "white pieces and electrical conductors" Early on 6 June 2009, five days after Flight 447 disappeared, two male bodies, the first to be recovered from the crashed aircraft, were brought on board the Caboclo[76] along with a seat, a nylon backpack containing a computer and vaccination card and a leather briefcase containing a boarding pass for the Air France flight.[77][78] The following day, 7 June, search crews recovered the Airbus's vertical stabilizer, the first major piece of wreckage to be discovered. By 16 June 2009, a total of 50 bodies had been recovered in two distinct groups more than 50 miles (80 km) apart" The big difference between this crash and 447 is that they had a good idea where 447 went down and where to look; that is not the case with this crash. The initial search area for 447 was a fraction of what it is for this aircraft because they knew 447's last location, and it wasn't far from that where they ultimately found the aircraft. The initial search area for this crash was 2,000,000 square miles. That being the case, if there were only small things given up by this crash, like what was given up with 447, they are going to be much harder to find simply because the search area is so much larger. After 7 weeks, the debris has scattered significantly, and a cyclone went through the area a week or two ago, and that would have scattered the debris even more. After 7 weeks and the cyclone, larger, heavier debris would have sunk leaving only small debris. When you factor in all the garbage that's it in the ocean, it makes it even more difficult because garbage will camouflage the debris from the aircraft. The search for this aircraft is, far and away, more difficult than it was for 447. The aircraft was run out of fuel, and without fuel, you're not going to have a large "oil" slick. I think those investigating this aircraft accident, the best in the world, are aware that no debris has been found; they also are more aware that there are logical reasons for this than those who have never investigated an aircraft accident in their lives are.
Fort Riley. I was in the army as a pilot for 12 years. Do the math. figure out fuel endurance and draw an arc west of the 120 degree turn. The search are is smaller than you think!!
@mark f, agree. They also have the pings locations, if we believe it, the search in dozen miles should had been produced finding the subject of those pings. The plane landed on land first. After that we don't know what happen next. May be using autopilot it was finally flown to the ocean.
Pure nonsense, and Malaysian gov seems satisfied with their work.
The plane would not have sunk to the bottom of the ocean intact. Hitting the water is like hitting a brick wall. Debris would be floating around somewhere. I hold on to my original theory that this plane landed in the Maldives Islands, was dismantled. And whatever important cargo (lithium, diamonds) was smuggled away. The passengers were suffocated when the plane hit the 45k altitude, while the pilots had their own airmasks in the cockpit. Let's not forget that the pilot deleted files from his simulator right before the flight, and the co-pilot tried to make a call on his cell phone right before communication was lost.
Pilot alive and everybody else dead I assume you are saying.
My theory is the plane was beamed up by alien and passengers and crew are now working for low wages on the planet Zordan making cheap tourist trinkets.
Dismantled? Hmmmmm....... That's interesting. I hadn't thought about that, but I do believe you're right about it being on land -- AND important cargo.
Yes they said it was a criminal act.
There is a vast region of the Indian Ocean where there is little to no radar coverage. You can Google a story of people on the Maldives Islands who made visual contact with the plane as it was flying at an extremely low altitude. The eyewitnesses said that the plane landed on the island that has a 1.5 mile landing strip. Malaysia has vast lithium and diamond mines. They are the biggest exporter of diamonds and lithium to China. Lithium is useful for the tips of shoulder-launched rockets. A lithuim fire cannot be extinguished.
Yes I remember the Maldive people saying they saw a low flying plane with a red stripe on it.
And your first thoughts on this are?
Relativity, nobody on here will like you if you mention the oil rig worker or the fishermen who saw the plane fly right over them. I wonder if those guys are dead by now........
Nobody's supposed to know about those guys.
I remember the fishermen too who saw it.
If money can bring closure to this tragic incident, why not give the families of the passengers some monetary compensation?
Didn't Malaysia just say that they are implementing SHRIA LAW. HUMMMM? Never trust anyone that follows the teaching of a guy that married a 6 year old as being normal.
As opposed to following the teachings of the son of a virgin?
How can Officials say plane crashed in the Ocean, no doubt about it ? Yet they admit planes tracking device shut off, that plane had deliberatly changed course, no calls for help by crew or passengers and no crash debris found etc...Other news article said passenger cell phones rang for days after plane disappeared rather than going straight to voice mail etc.. More questions than answers.
Breaking news Malaysian authorities sent out new releases, unfortunately they all went missing. Presently figuring out where to start investigation.
This article states there was no problem with planes communication system yet no calls for help by crew or passengers, planes tracking system deliberatly shut off, and no plane crash debris. Yet Officials say with no doubt plane crashed in the Ocean. Sounds to me there is more evidence that plane landed somewhere like a Communist country where no outside survelliance planes are allowed in thier airspace etc. HMMM!
....by failing to report a missing airliner, somebody gave that plane 4 extra hours to go wherever it was going.
They have no clue and didnt know how to do a proper search from the beginning.
They say the plane didn't get looked at when they seen it on military radar because it was deemed friendly. Ya right. I think they knew what was going on.
These people are not going to tell us anything. Whether it be by incompetence or secrecy.
If you were in their position, would you have known better?
"Known better"?, as in past tense? As in prior to the incident? They have released incorrect information, which only logically could be by intention. Look at the facts of this case and the only logical conclusion is cover up, incompetence or a combination of both.
I'm throwing a theory out there. We know that the pilot had used a flight simulator prior to this last flight. Was the purpose of the pilot using a flight simulator for practice or for flying the plane below 500 feet and below radar detection? Is it possible for the plane to have been hijacked? YES very much so. If that were the case many ask why weren't any of the passengers using their cell phones to call someone or make a call of distress. It is likely that the people had all their communication devices taken from them prior to take off by the hijackers? How many islands are in the general area of the presumed flight path taken? Isn't it possible that the plane turned and flew under radar detection within that 17 minute time lapse off radar? It is possible for a plane that size to land on an abandoned WW2 airstrip somewhere on one of those islands we used as jumper islands during the war. If the people on board had no way to communicate outside the plane to anybody it is possible that the pilot landed the plane safely. Once the plane landed the passengers were removed from the plane and killed by the hijackers or terrorists. If that is what happened isn't it possible that it is still on that island possibly waiting to be refueled for it's next task or mission. If not an island it could have landed somewhere else close enough before running out of fuel while maintaining a flight path below the radar detection level of 500 feet. It went missing for 17 minutes from the radar and that is long enough to lose it entirely based on the pre-flight destination information punched into the computer on the plane. Meanwhile all the searches are looking for the plane or debris in the water while it could actually be on land out there somewhere in the vast Indian Ocean.
So many theories. I believe we are not being told all of the evidence they have. I also believe someone knows what happened and wont say.
Lucifer, your theory is highly unlikely. You have to answer the question why it was done this way, if it was a hijacking as described. There would be no advantage to keeping it a big secret and killing all of the passengers. BluePitBull, same for you. Why would they not tell us all the evidence? What have they got to hide? The longer this goes, the worse it gets for everyone. There would be no incentive to withhold critical information. So, your theory is also without merit.
You ask more questions than you answer. Just a bunch of empty guesses from everyone involved and everyone commenting.
Sounds like you just smoked a fat one. Or should?
@Connector. I did say it was my theory. How does one scientifically go about finding answers? By asking the questions that maybe nobody else thought of asking. The advantage of keeping the killing of the passengers a secret is because dead men tell no tales. And by the way it's not a secret if you tell somebody is it? If you are a terrorist, why drag your hostages around with you? Maybe the passengers weren't killed and are being held until the plane can be refueled and use them as bargaining chips. Right now it is all a speculation. Who, what, where, when and why? If you held the passengers for hostage you would think that there would be a ransom demand from their captors. So far there have been none or at least as far as we know or have been told. Without anybody finding any evidence to the contrary one can say, not conclude, that it is very possible. The evidence remains to be found - the plane.
@USN Vet. Thank you for your services to this country by the way. How did you learn how to do whatever it was in your services in the USN? You were either shown how to or told how to and if you weren't sure you asked questions right? Without asking a thousand questions there is only one answer. That answer has to be definitive. I have a whole funnel of questions and eventually they will fill the bottle.
@jJoseph. Not while at work my friend. My brain is a train that is on a perpetual fast track. And this train doesn't stop at your regular stops either. I'm special.
@BluePitBull. Theories all we have until we are provided some clear proof of life or find some other evidence to the contrary. Keep theorizing and keep asking questions. The answers are out there.
@BPB. USN Vet has his right to say something as well even if he's not playing along with the rest of us theorists.
Nothing in this tragedy is a "given", EXCEPT the #$%$ that has been spouted by Malaysian Airlines in erroneous theoretical scenarios. Withholding information from families was a mistake. It would have been better by admitting the truth and saying "we don't know" because indeed they are clueless. Boeing as well, I'd say they are clueless also as to the real reason for this horrific tragedy. It's my understanding that turning off the transponder is optional. Make it happen, don't give an option to turn it off, make it impossible! . How is paying advance compensation going help? Why is it so important that "227 passengers were chinese"? A life is a life regardless if they from America, the UK, black or white. What if they were African? Get real Malaysia/Boeing, find this plane and quit playing politics. It's very obvious that Malaysia is calling off the search as far as they are concerned.
Similar things have happened in the US. Remember the pilots who were so absorbed in their laptops that they missed the airport by 150 miles (2009, Northwest Airlines)? How about the plane that recently landed at the wrong airport?
No, they didn't miss the airport. They flew past it and our controller's were bright enough to notice it and attempt to contact the plane. The pilots SAID they were on their laptops but they actually fell asleep which is why they didn't answer the calls.
Breaking News! A report released today by Malaysian authorities confirms that after all this time they still have no fricking idea where the plane is or what happened to it! Updates of more non-information at eleven!
They still don't know where it is! Pathetic!
What quantity of lithium ion batteries? These are not non-dangerous, they are fragile and must be handled with great care. Only a moron would put them on a passenger flight.!
If they must be handled with great care than why do people bring their cellphones on board with no safety precautions whatsoever?
2.5 tons of lithium batteries on a Malaysian flight, sounds a wee bit suspicious.
The two prototype Jumbo Jets with the LES safety feature (described below) that will survive a bomb attack (due to its compartmentalization features ) can only be afforded by the upper middle class, just like only the wealthy being able to afford the very first commercial flight in America in 1914. There are pizzas that cost $1,000 per pie ( 100 times the normal cost of pizza ) and yet those pizzas are in huge demand by the rich, so similarly, if the two prototype LES Jets are marketed as bomb proof planes, there will be a great demand for such planes, even though the ticket prices might be three or four times the present amount and just as the very first commercial flight was only afforded by the wealthy, over time, ticket prices for the LES safety Jet should come down dramatically. The following is only for those who believe that planes do crash, even though the risk of crashing is miniscule and for those who believe, that the planes that they will fly in for the rest of their lives will never crash, please do not read beyond this point, thanks. FOR THOSE WHO HAVE ADD or who cannot get through even one page of a book, I am sorry the post is long. Copy and paste this post in your computer's notepad file under the title " two prototype LES Jets" and then try reading a few sentences a day and before long, you would have got through to the end. For those who say we can never "guarantee" a safe flight, I say we cannot guarantee a safe car ride either, so does that mean we get rid of safety belts or not try to improve car safety ? People should be given the choice to still fly the same way and for those who can afford it, the two prototype LES Jets discussed below will guarantee ( statistically speaking) a safe flight , even under a bomb attack. For those who don't want the LES safety feature because its acceptable for your loved ones to be exposed to the miniscule risk of a plane crash , since flying is safe and risk is miniscule, please do not read beyond this point. But for those who are not happy with plane crashes and for those whose family members and loved ones were involved in plane crashes and for those who think flying is not safe enough for those involved in plane crashes, read on but also remember, people should still be given a choice. Boeing should keep manufacturing the regular jumbos jets and at the same time ( through heavy investments by world governments) Boeing should also manufacture ( just ) two prototype jumbo jets with the LES safety feature described below that only upper middle class passengers can afford and also, the two prototype LES featured Boeing Jets will also be for those who save up their money over years since flying is not essential these days due to video conferencing over the internet that makes flying not a necessity. Since people are willing to pay $200,000 per ticket (500 tickets sold in 2012) for a Virgin Galactic space flight , I am pretty sure tickets on the two LES featured prototype Boeing Jets will be sold out, especially if the ticket prices are just three or four times the present amount and if the two LES planes are marketed as bomb proof and for those who want to fly cheap, Boeing can continue with the usual "status quo" cheap flights for those who don't mind a plane that does not have the LES safety feature. The discussion below is only meant for those who want to have a much safer flight by paying as much as three or even four times the present ticket price by guaranteeing you or your loved ones will survive a bomb attack on your flight. Remember, the first commerical flight (on 1/1/14) was 21 miles from St. Petersburg and Tampa and cost the wealthy passenger (Abram Pheil) $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below are incorporated on the two prototype Boeing Jets. The whole discussion can be summed up in one sentence: World governments should invest heavily in Boeing to conduct feasibility studies on the next generation of a scalable prototype of a launch escape system ( LES) that proved to be effective as early as 1983 and safety technology has greatly improved over the past thirty years since 1983 ( the last time a LES was successfully used ). Search google under patents approved : US20110233341 ( the patent is not comprehensive so further patents will have to be issued to Boeing if Boeing decides to proceed with the LES project ). I am pretty sure that those who wanted to go to the moon were called dumb and their ideas were considered dumber so considering the skeptics regarding the first moon landing project, the lesson to be learned is "nothing beats a failure but a try", especially considering the fact that our space technology has advanced in the past 45 years since man first stood on the moon. Yes, the price of tickets might triple if all the safety measures listed below are implemented but at the same time, if passengers know that they are going to have a very safe flight, more people might start travelling by air (keeping the cost down ) plus in this internet age, almost all business and personal visits can be done through video conferencing, so air travel will not be a necessity and in the future, hyper-speed ground transportation in six-seat, bombproof, bullet capsules using magnetic levitation in steel tubes called a Hyperloop might be a better alternative to air travel as envisioned by Elon Musk, the founder of Tesla. Remember, the first commercial flight by the very first passenger was 21 miles and cost $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below (on two prototype Boeing Jets) are incorporated. Its easy to say that corporations make safe products until you or your loved ones are a victim of a preventable fatality that the corporation could have prevented with a product that cost three or four times more due to the added safety features ( listed below ). I rather pay three or four times more if I knew that the product is safer than safe because I do not wish anybody being buried alive and dying a slow excruciating death due to freezing temperatures or being burned alive if, that death could have been prevented with added safety features that made the product cost three or four times more. The question you have to ask is, is money more important to you than life itself ? I really do not know what it is like to see the trembling little hands of babies and kids, trying to reach out to their moms (for help ) while being in total darkness and in excruciating pain from being drowned alive or being burned alive. I rather spend $4000 on a ticket than pay $1000 on a ticket and in saving money, I see my loved ones perish before my very eyes knowing that her life might have been saved if I had paid more money for added safety features. Since Boeing cannot guarantee your safety or the safety of your loved ones , world governments should invest heavily in Boeing to do feasibility studies on the economics of making planes even safer using the latest LES (launch escape systems). The launch escape system (LES) was first used on 9/26/83. The Soyuz T-10-1 rocket caught fire, just before launch, and the LES carried the crew capsule clear, seconds before the rocket exploded. The crew landed 4 kilometers (2.5 mi) from the launch pad. The Soyuz LES system also had grid fins mounted on the payload fairing that deployed to stabilize the craft. Similarly, world governments should invest heavily in Boeing on the next generation of LES whereby TWO PROTOTYPE LES JUMBO JETS WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING FEATURES: an autonomous, robotic, triple redundancy, three dimensional radar system mounted on all sides of the plane ( that creates a three dimensional picture of the area around the plane ) triggers a triple redundancy catastrophic indicator system that automatically cuts off all engines, strategically placed detonation devices breaks up the plane into four parachute equipped pieces ( the cockpit section, the tail section and the rest of the plane is split right down the middle ), in order to release four seater escape pods that are bombproof, floatable, pressurized, four-seat ejection pods (having their own collision avoidance system) that are ejected out of the plane while the collision avoidance system operates thrusters that prevent the pods from being knocked by the plane or other ejection pods in mid-air before deploying the parachutes. Other safety measures at each service interval should include an empty plane on a moving platform, going through a gigantic chamber equipped with x-rays, sonar and lasers to detect any structural defects or stress and each plane should be equipped with its own radar system and counter measures to avoid small meteorites, other small planes and man-made missiles.
@Sealed Records, did you read sentence five ?
hmm bombproof huh. They said the titanic was unsinkable as well. Nothing in life is guaranteed.
@Tiffany, so what is your solution ? don't make planes safer ?
The Malaysian's have botched this up from day one!! How many more lies are they going to make up?
If you read between the lines of the report, it says the pilot did it. The pilot knows the Indian Ocean is so huge and deep. That's why he headed there. He skillfully glided the plane into the water, keeping it intact and letting it sink some 3 miles deep making it tough to find. Folks who keep saying Diego Gracia are naive. They don't know aviation, geography, military intelligence and plain simply investigation.
But why kill himself and everyone else and go down that far? Insurance money for the family?
It very well could be the pilot. But he isn't even here to explain. For me, I think maybe he was a victim also. However, right now any of us could be right, or wrong. I
The report is only 5 pages long? Shows how much research the Malaysian government did. Incompetents!
It could have been one paragraph long. Plane took off, flew for an hour, and we lost it. Since then we have no idea where it went. The End
Donald Trump needs to offer a very large cash reward for the whereabouts of the plane or passengers. Someone on the inside is bound to snitch.
Your idea is as good as anyone else's,
Yes a plane is missing for 4 hours, but we didn't start any search. Ho, hum it must be in Cambodia.
Cambodia is lying or someone is. "They indicated that Malaysia Airlines at one point thought the plane may have entered Cambodian airspace. The airline said in the report that "MH370 was able to exchange signals with the flight and flying in Cambodian airspace," but that Cambodian authorities said they had no information or contact with Flight 370. It was unclear which flight it was referring to that supposedly exchanged signals with MH370."
i thought that was weird too--1st time cambodia is mentionned, apart from any search efforts they made. it looks like it was the airlines (mas) that said that, not atc, so it could just have been more stupidity. that's why they want real time flight tracking (among a lot of other reasons for it)
In a related development Malaysian authorities have reported sighting the Hindenburg.
To date only speculation exists as to what happened to Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. There is not one piece of physical evidence to show anything. Just a lot of people talking and running with anything that might have been possible... It is sad to think this is not the last time we will see the 777.
They need to build a much better tracking system for all international flights. The technology and equipment is way outdated. Time for some catastrophic changes in the Airline industry. This cannot ever happen again. Never!
Actually, it can and probably will at some point.
Has anyone investigated and talked to relatives whose loved ones had a smart phone in thier possesion? Every smart phone has a built in GPS and on top of that people who own them thier past addressess and locations they have been in the past is recorded in a central data base etc...Furthermore, there is more evidence plane landed somewhere than crashed in the ocean etc.
not all engines are made by RR - i don't know other maker have gps.
The phones would not be sending out their locations unless they had a signal...have you ever tried your cell phone 200 miles off the coast at 36,000 feet...how was your signal??????
Revised Report: 1. We were too cheap to subscribe to a GPS satellite tracking our planes. 2. One plane with many passengers disappeared. 3. We withheld info on everything. 4. Other nations searched. We joined them later. 5. We heard pings but can't find the plane. 6. We told the families to go home.
I don't think I will be flying Malaysian Airlines anytime soon.
Bunch of BS. The lie just keeps getting bigger and bigger. Stop messing with these families already.
Why would they need to pay any compensation? No one knows what happened, whose fault it was, or if it even crashed. The first thing people want when something bad happens is money. Money isn't going to solve anything or bring anyone back and there might not even be any reason that payment to anyone would even be necessary.
"Malaysia releases preliminary report into MH370" The plane is still missing and no we still have not seen a trace of it.
How about a companies satellite that my have found the airplane under water and intact! Not long after going off the radar?
It's amazing that we can track vehicles from space and even see the brand of cigarettes soldiers are smoking while standing next to a building. We can trace cell phone locations, conversations, and other communications, but we can not track or find an airplane with 300 people on board. It appears the whole world's satellites, radar and communication intercept abilities were all down at the exact same time for 5 to 6 hours. LOST........
What is amazing is that you believe that nonsense about the brand of cigarettes. You sure it's not the date on a dime? Some of you folks are simply clueless about satellite imagery and just repeat the nonsense that others post.
It wasn't 300 people. Only 239. Way off.
Yes, it's amazing how we can track all kinds of stuff from space via satellite. I think the government is NOT disclosing something that went terribly wrong...
THE JITBAGS FROM NSA COULD HAVE FOUND THEM, THEY KNOW WHERE EVERYONE IS TODAY.
Jill does it matter 300? 229?, just 1 poor soul didn't need t go through this hell.
Jill ..really???? Please child the grownups are trying to talk.
Stanley... you are extremely correct. we can track everything (iPod, cellphones, etc.) but can't track an airplane? how funny is that. Airplanes shouldn't even have the off button for GPS in the first place. Airplane's are meant to be tracked... not hidden so they shouldn't even have a off or on.
Hmmm...next time I'll bring a microscope to the golf course. I should be able to locate every lost golf ball with it.
I think you overestimate our ability to track everything out there despite the various conspiracy claims. But we should implement a better tracking system for all commercial airline flights.
Boeing is going to have to install ON STAR in their jets--duh
Information is tracked through satellites that are aimed at specific areas for specific reasons. There were no satellites aimed at this area of the south Indian Ocean, because there is nothing to see there. The weather conditions are so dangerous that it is avoiding by shipping lines. Ditto cell phones, if the device cannot connect or communicate with a cell phone satellite, it can't be tracked. There are no cell phone satellites providing service in that area. No company or country is going to waste time, money, or manpower having satellites monitoring the middle of nowhere.
What is amazing is people like you Stanley that need someone like USNVet, Jim and Charles to hold your hand and explain to you why your way of thinking is incorrect. What is even more amazing is so many people think everything works the same way you think they do and since it doesn't fit with the story you are convinced there is some kind of cover up going on. When the truth of the matter is you don't know anything about GPS and tracking system and satellites and don't stop to think that maybe the reason the story doesn't make sense is because you are applying your misinformation to the story.
Could it be that the pilot tried to do a smooth landing at sea, so that is why no Debary is found, but still, it could still float If the doors were opened, a full gush of water, would have crushed all passenger in a corner, where no one could be able to swim his way out to safety.
All this happened right after the good night. Almost has to be the pilot but we have no proof.
so they needed 4 hrs to get that plane landed. The filght time to Dieago Garcia would have been a bit less than that 4 hrs. I didn't understand Barry's visit there until now; "All that's going on in the world right now and Barry goes to Malaysia, WTH?" I said to myself.
Diego Garcia is land leased to the US government .
What does Diego Garcia have to do with any of this? The plane isn't there, most assuredly. It would be impossible to keep that a secret on a 6 square mile piece of coral.
Only whoever came out with this stupid report believes it. I still think they know exactly what happened to the MH370.
what you think only matters to you.
There is absolutely no excuse for why this plane disappeared off the radar screen. Even worst they can't find it.
Here's what I don't understand ... I've used FlightTracker to watch my daughter's flight from U.S. to France. So didn't anyone follow the FlightTracker track of the plane? Are you saying that FlightTracker is not a realtime view of the plane's path? FlightTracker advertises it as such !
I still think the plane was high jack and it is sitting in a hanger somewhere in another Country maybe Iran or somewhere. I think the plane will re-surface as a weapon against some Country in the future. That plane was an advanced plane and that is what a poor Country would love to get ahold of for their own use as a weapon. I know this sounds ridiculous but it happens and could happen. After a exhausting search and not even one sign other then they think they heard a ping from the black box which a think isn't solid proof I find it strange that they can not find something. Yes it is possible that the plane will never surface but highly doubt it. The saying it disappeared in thin air well I guess as of right now that appears what has happen with the plane but I am not buying it, not a believer that things just happen. People make things happen other then God himself things just don't happen unless someone is behind it.
You know, there's just nothing like a photo of what's supposed to be an official at a formal announcement for a serious subject, and he's wearing a ball cap. Yes, professionals all the way. Who could ever be concerned they were bush-league?
It has has an 8 ball on it though, first thing i noticed.
Well said, that cap caught my immediately, very unprofessional!!
This has got to be the saddest thing since the disappearance of Amelia Earhart. I hope they find some clue very soon.
Interesting that you should mention Amelia Earhart. I was thinking about her when I read this article. Like Earhart this plane may never be found.
yea when I first heard about this I thought of Amelia Earhart right off...
The Malaysian Government's preliminary report into the fate of MH370, comes across as a orchestrated pile of bull chit!!! Even if there were technical data (presently not be released by the owner's, but, being used as so-called evidence) , high powered politicians' up-front involvement, seemed like an act of desperation to "direct" the public. But, instead, added to the public mistrust of the on going search for MH370. It turns out, a lot of different scenarios fit the evidence available.....by cherry picking the evidence to suit a particular scenario.....including the earlier (kept from the public by Malaysia), that MH370 may have gone down in the Bay of Bengal. One has to wonder, why the Joint Authority Coordination Center (monitoring the search for MH370) is trying to poo poo the geomagnetic evidence that points to a downed aircraft in the Bay of Bengal. Magnetic surveys are used in both terrestrial, and marine archeology. Magnetic surveys, record with a magnetometer, spatial variations in the Earth's magnetic field, at the oceans surface. "Stuff" on the ocean's floor, can cause a minor disturbance/fluctuation in Earth's magnetic field pattern....which paints a magnetic field picture at the ocean's surface instruements There is a plane down in the Bay of Bengal, and the Australian ship did hear pings off the coast of Australia.....now write another scenario, to fit the new developments.
A clown act from the start. Air control not aware of disappearance for 17 mins. Dozing will do that. Search could drag on for a year. A floating signal producer rising to the surface with GPS data might be a better idea for air craft.
In a day and age where passengers can get on internet in flight, we still need a black box to save critical information, instead of sending it directly to a land based server. Amazing.
Can't use a land-based server bub these things called planes aren't exactly sitting still. Could use GPS and in fact the flight had this equipment but MA didn't pay for a space-based GPS service, which was an additional fee. It's all about money.
Just stop taking Malay airline; stop going there. I am from North America living in Asia now; there are lots of places to go and see, and do business, you don't need to go Malay - just have a good look at the pics, u should see how stupid these people are.
What is Malaysian/Malaysia afraid of? They seem to be hiding every fact and every indication.
I wonder if they were in on this missing plane.
The Malaysians could no more figure out where the plane went then launch a moon rocket.
if they did get a rocket to the moon we would be so amazed that we would quickly forget the "little" jet incident.
They could have if they had scrambled F-16's.
Australia shot it down. They were tracking it since it left the southern most tip of Indonesia and when it started getting closer to their coast without identifying friend or foe, fired missles and brought it down. That's why the pingers were heard so far apart by China, then the U.S. and why this AUV scanned the sea floor, but found nothing. Australia jumped in to take over the investigation until a good story can be agreed upon by all countries as to why we may never find it!!
So, in other words the controllers are incompetent.
at the very least, criminally complacent, & for all 3rd shift workers--fatigued.
To those Americans and Europeans who think trendy exotic vacation spots are so cool: spend your money at home in places where you have a chance of being found if something bad happens....and the media is allowed to press the truth out of the corrupt politicians in charge.
...so that rules out the U.S.A.
The plane was 'hijacked' by its own UAS (Uninterruptible Autopilot System) which flew it to the US military base at Diego Garcia. If you need proof that there's a cover-up, look at a map of the Indian Ocean and mark out all the places that have been part of the search. South Asia and the entire Eastern Indian Ocean have been covered, except for the area which happens to have been on the last recorded heading of the aircraft. And what lies in that direction is . . . diego garCIA.
So many people think that it went there but some say theres to many people at Diego to keep it a secret. I heard that the runways were closed at Diego for a couple days after the plane went missing. Very suspicious.
somewhere in the photos of info given to relatives, based on their questions, is a photo of 'official' diego garcia report that no flights allowed for 72 hours. this was @ the same time the plane 'disappeared'--the island shut down. google the info given to passengers' families.
What about the photos they showed of those 2 guys who had stolen passports, they were the same from the waist down. What was that about? Suspicious to me.
Flew over the Maldives down to Diego for some reason, wanted the Cargo or the 20 people that had important tech knowledge.
Only The Idiot believes this UAS theory. There is no such system.
No UAS system and no way it landed on DG without at least one of the 2000 people there knowing about it. All of those stationed there are having a great laugh at your clueless expense.
I like a great laugh. We are just posting theories. Don't care if its true or not. All in good fun.
How about we step out of the comfort zone even farther. What country on the globe has the expertise, capability and history of pulling off a stunt like this? And what country has reason not to like Malaysia?
It's Unmanned Aerial Systems, and it certainly exists.
THE PLANE IS IN A MID-EAST HANGAR BEING WIRING WITH EXPLOSIVES AND PAINTED IN UNITED AIRLINES PAINT SCHEMES. IT WILL THEN BLEND IN WITH THE FLEET AND WREAK HAVOC.
I heard it had a broken wing and its sitting on a dirt road by the mountains.
Painting the outside wouldn't help at all you need to change its Electronic Identification code on the IFF
A terrorist nation wouldn't need to steal a planeload of people. They have their own planes. A small terrorist group could not pull this off and dispose of hundreds of people, phones, and laptops without slipping up somewhere, and hide the plane.
John O.....you said..."A terrorist nation wouldn't need to steal a planeload of people. They have their own planes." If that were true then why were all the planes involved in 911 hijacked???
9/11 was not acted out by a terrorist nation, but by a group that did not own planes, and took advantage of lax security to get them.
I was actually expecting to read the fact that theyre tired of giving the American folks the run around and admitting the plane was never in the water, but sitting in some third world location awaiting to be ransomed
they were going to until Obama showed up.
I'm surprised they could find the report! They clearly can't find anything else!
GROUND ALL PLANES AND MAKE THIS HAPPEN. NOW. GLOBALLY. "The report noted that there is no requirement for real-time tracking of commercial aircraft, and said the uncertainty about Flight 370's last position made it much more difficult to locate the plane. It recommended that international aviation authorities examine the safety benefits of introducing a tracking standard."
Two Iranians with valid Iranian passports, boarded the aircraft with stolen passports, with one way tickets purchased with cash. The real answer is with these 2 dudes.
Agree Cliff. Occam's Razor: "The simplest answer is usually the correct one."
Makes it look like they were actually HIRED, and then when the heat was on, they were whisked conveniently away, never to be seen or thought of again.
Pretty pathetic and funny at the same time. These guys cannot find their own rear end with both hands and a flashlight in a dark room. Let the world go on without them!!!
I wonder if the plane was on route with a mission to crash into an aircraft carrier or a large battle ship from what ever country in that area, and when it did not respond, they shot it down. Just a wild speculation.
It could have got shot down. By who though?
Well, the U.S. Navy is pretty good at shooting down airplanes (See TWA Flight 800 documentary on Netflix!)
I think that the Malaysian government did all that it could at the time. It's easy for others to sit back and criticize when they're not in their shoes. But the truth is, this could happen to any country. See how U.S. in the 21st century had to contend with the hijack of not one or two or three but four planes all in one day on 9/11.
A thousand thumbs up! These keyboard warriors take cheap shots from the cheap seats. I am very impressed at the efforts that have been made to find this airplane and comfort the families.
And you guys were rooting it up in Malaysia celebrating.
The funny thing about it is that the clowns who are criticizing them couldn't do any better; just a bunch of armchair warriors who fail once they get in the battle. I agree that the Malaysians were woefully unprepared and overwhelmed by this because they never thought something like this would ever happen to them. They aren't as prepared for something like this like we are; not even close. Hopefully, they and other countries will learn a costly lesson from this and bear the cost of the jet fuel to investigate any aircraft that goes off course.
Sticking to what was told to me by a source that must remain unknown... The plane went below 500 ft and landed in Pakistan. Certain flights have been diverted from this region. Certain military and gov officals know this. Remember that this country is not our friends and they do have some nukes.
The South Pole, I heard. But I wasn't supposed to tell anyone. Oops.
I really blame Malaysia Airlines for this mess. These people might have all died anyway, but not to pay attention for 17 minutes that the plane is missing and then not scramble F-16's right away? It's possible they could have found it or even seen it in the air in that amt. of time. Also, they continue to lie about everything - all the facts and tell the Chinese to go home? The hell with that!!! They go home and these people will do nothing more. I know how that works. Stay and drive them crazy. Then they don't put out a search and rescue for four hours? What is the matter with these people? Well, the airlines has a bad rating anyhow - for anyone who is thinking of flying them. They are not a good airlines and have a dismal mechanical record.
Right and MA will get sued for this, and they don't want the plane to be found, so they can blame terrorists or Boeing. So MA has plenty of motivation to point us in the wrong direction, as they have from Day #1, letting us search w/o telling us the plane had made a turn their military radar detected. Money talks.
And what could MA have done if they had "pay attention" after one second? Send a parachute?
A terrible spicy fart incapacitated the pilot and the underwear has not been located yet. Officials believe that the undies may have an impact on global warming.
everybody is clueless as to what and where the missing plane is, there's no point in discussing about this plane...forget the whole deal. there are more worthy news to tell than this old, old story
One final question: Where did the Malaysian clowns hide the plane?
There wouldn't be conspiracy theories if there weren't conspiracy facts.
What I find odd in this whole situation, our government ha the ability to find a knat on the #$%$ of a gorilla in any country! Thats a fact... so whats the issue here? Are our tax dollars not enough for the multitude of technology we use on a daily basis warrented to receive good information in return or is it because it's not our problem? We get in everyone's business any other time.
THAT is NOT a fact - it is a myth and you have never seen it, only "heard" about it. From people who are totally clueless about satellite imagery.
There is no other evidence that suggests the reason the aircraft flew up to 45k feet other than to suffocate those passengers. That would explain why no other cell phones pinged or phone calls were made. The Pilot had to have made that decision with intent not to be seen from the ground. He had a very sophisticated flight simulator in his home which works exactly the way real aircraft would react or respond in different situations. He may have practiced this scenerio multiple times from home then deleted the data before going in to work. The big question is why would he go through all the trouble? If MRSAT data pinged the aircarfts route to the southern Indian Ocean, what was the point? To ditch it? All the passengers were most likely dead hours earlier. If he intended on ditching the plane in the water he could have done so at any point during the flight. I do believe there is evidence to explain what ensued during the beginning stages that plane left radar and authorities are holding it until they are positive they have a motive and the location of the plane. They want that black box and they aren't going to jump the gun until the find it.
The only thing I can think of is pilot suicide and he didn't want it to be found so that would be why he went to the south.
There is no proof the plane ever went to 45k feet - that was simply one of the bad pieces of info mentioned at the beginning, since then pretty much discounted as there is zero proof of it
makes absolutely no sense that it should be flown south into oblivion--something else was going on--wonder if we'll ever know what that was.
If the plane landed down there I would check the Cocos Islands and Christmas Island...
@ USN Vet, There may not be any proof to us but how do you explain, then, not one passenger made an attempt to use their cell phone throughout the entire 6-7 hr flight? They knew they were on a Redeye to VN which should have only taken a few hrs...the only other way would be to decompressurize the cabin and that can happen if the pilot exceeded the 40k ft threshhold (rough guestimation). I was just on a SW flight to OKC and we were at 39k ft so I would imagine if we increased altitude the oxygen masks would have deployed.
Max do you even know how cell phone works? They NEED towers and do you see any tower in the ocean? EVEN IF there is a cell phone tower in the middle of the ocean, the airplane would fly pass it in a blink of an eye. There you go, a little lesson on high-tech.
@Azza yea I know how cell phones work!!!!! Have you been following the news or have you had your head in the sand this whole time??? They flew by several Cell towers before going south toward the Indian Ocean which is how they knew the Pilot tried to make a call. Maybe you should think before you make a #$%$ comment!
one more time, Max, the airplane's Speed AND the ocean would prevent anyone from making a successful call. You DONT know how cell phone work!
@ B777-9x Not at 35k feet. not even at 39K...Its still safe at the height.
@Azza WTH are you talking about they were flying back over land 2-3 hrs into the flight when the Pilots cell phone pinged a tower in Thailand jackass!!! Im talking about that particular moment in the flight it was reported they came down to 5k ft!!!!!! GEEZZ Go back to bed youre killing MY oxygen now...
keep cursing to show how low life you are, Max, you asked "not one passenger made an attempt to use their cell phone throughout the entire 6-7 hr flight?" so I tried to shred light to your ignorance. Here is another lesson, next time when you turn on your cell phone, try to see how long it take to "register" the phone so it's ready to make a call. Now try to see how far the plane would be from the tower that received the first "registration" before discarding that "registration request". Phone signals fade away but then I would not expect you to understand this far. Keep cursing but try to learn before saying things that don't make sense, it's annoying.
If they all suffocated, how come all tracking came to a complete stop. NO it could not be, unless, some one did it with intension, and all went astray. The flight simulator he had at home, can all be traced, as to what his intension. We are living in an age, where it is not easy to full around, at least we should all be pleased, although too late saving all those on board.
@ Azza Hey why don't you go back and watch the news and find out how the Pilot made a 10 minute phone call before the aircraft turned around and then how again a ping from that same ACTIVE cell phone managed to be seen by a tower near Thailand. Go ahead!!!! You're the low life that got all snotty at my first comment so yea why dont you take some of your own advice there PAL and stop being a hypocrite!!!
Cite your source that the Pilot made a 10 minute call? Because I have never seen a word and a google search came up blank. There is a report that a call was attempted and probably lost the cell tower due to flying 9 miles a minute. There was NO completed call.
@Max, don't trust any news since so far there is nothing concrete for us to believe. They have nothing yet. So don't get all excited and make an a.s.s.of yourself.
I still believe not all evidence has been released.
The plane is at the bottom of the Challenger Deep in the Mariana Trench at 36000 FT. That's where I would look.
I know we had two US citizens on the plane but why are we getting involved and is Malaysia pay for all this effort?
China and Australia are paying the most for this search.
u.s. had 3 passengers on that plane--a 2yr old & a 3 yr old, with chinese (?) last names--must be affiliated w/@ least 1 of the chinese passengers, & the infamous philip wood
Sprock, if this were an Airbus, we wouldn't be involved. It would be France and England. Since this was an American made Boeing, at the very least, Boeing has a stake in finding out what happened.
CONFIDENCE & COMPLACENCY Philippians 3:13a From the moment we; realize our need for Jesus, confess our sins to Him, accept His forgiveness, and decide to live for Him, we are heaven bound. We are saved by grace through faith and not works, but faith without works is dead. Reinforce confidence with love, obedience, and action. Make sure Jesus knows you.
Let's cut the #$%$. This plane is in the middle of Russia somewhere. Putin created the whole Ukraine mess to distract us. And Snowden has known about this plan for months, but he's conspiring with the Russians to get even with the U.S.
oh come on. i was being facetious.
Offer a 50 million dollar reward and 400 million people in that part of the world will take to boats, cars, and whatever and the plane will be found.
And the Coast Guard will have to shell out big $$$ for their rescue. No thanks.
like the people who tried to get to antartica!
The Chinese accidentally shot the plane down during a missile test. It was an accident, but the Chinese are a big trading partner with the US and Malaysia, and half the passengers were Chinese. The Chinese government doesn't want to lose face. It's simply a cover up, and the plane will never be found. They aren't even looking in the right area.
They are apparently searching in the wrong area because they have not seen one piece of floating debris! That area is so vast it may never be located.
I have a theory , bear with me. at some point during the flight the cabin pressure changed just about all where dead or dying either the captain or copilot still alive but hallucinating from lack of oxygen turned off the transmitters then eventually died. its either that or the plane is on land.
Sad to see all these easily manipulated sheep, you know the news stations will say anything for ratings, right crazies?
lol..."sheep" first sign the writer is a mouth breathing, knuckle dragging conspiracy site loon.
im calling the conspiracy people sheep, the news is getting them all worked up
The question is how did it vanished disappeared leaving no traces. could have been abducted by people from other world, now that we know that a UFO was orbiting around the plain, Boeing 777.
You UFO conspiracists AMAZE ME!!.. FOCUS on what is RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU, staring you in the FACE, instead of clinging to FANCIFUL ALIEN LIES!
It would be interesting to see the phone records of the air controllers during the 4-hour gap.
No it wouldn't. In the wee hours of the morning, 1AM-5AM, what activity do you expect to find? Obviously, these guys were asleep on the job.
Texting. They sleep days, work nights. Wide awake.
Beverly, maybe so but who would they text at those hours? Do your friends bother you with texts at those hours?
No, but then I don't have a 900 number either.
This page intentionally left blank. End of report. Signed, sealed and delivered.
This plane is probably transporting all those missing school girls out of Nigeria.
The Malaysian government has no idea what happened or if they do they are not talking about it. They have lied about everything from the beginning. Lets look at the facts. The plane was flying north and then turned off its tracking and radio and turned to head southwest. Was it a mechanical problem?? If it was why not attempt to land the plane somewhere on Malaysia?? There WAS NO mechanical problem or the pilot would have tried to land the plane ON LAND!!! I don't care if this was a completely inexperienced new pilot or he was not trained...anyone with have a brain would have tried to land the plane in Malaysia if there was a problem and they were flying OVER IT! SO what happened? Where did the plane go? It was taken by someone as the plane was deliberately turned away from going north. A human did this. Was it the crew or was it someone else that took control of the plane? It really doesn't matter...it was done by a human and the plane was under human control. The question then is where did they take it? If someone took control of the plane...WHY, oh WHY would they fly it out into the middle of the Indian ocean to run out of fuel and crash land into the middle of the ocean? Makes NO sense whatsoever. SO then what could have happened? The plane was headed west after it flew over Malaysia...THEN they picked up the tracking pings again. How convenient! There were no pings while the plane turned to the southwest and then headed to the west...but when it turned to head into the middle of the ocean it starts to send out tracking pings. I say another plane was flow past flight 370 and had the same type and frequency tracking equipment as the 777 jet. The satellites/radar picked up this (second fake) plane headed out to the ocean. And flight 370 kept heading to the west and landed somewhere. The plane that headed south into the ocean...then turned off the tracking devise as it got near to Aust. and then flew and landed somewhere in Aust. It was NOT a 777...it was a smaller jet with enough fuel to make it there so nobody noticed this other plane landing in Aust. Everyone was looking for the 777. The plane did NOT crash into the ocean. Planes are made of metal with insulation fused to it to keep it warm while in flight. This material WILL float!!! The seats will FLOAT. The plane did NOT go down and stay in one piece. Has anyone ever heard of a plane this size traveling at about 200mph to hit the water and stay in one piece??? NOT going to happen!!! If it did stay in one piece...why not deploy the rafts and have the passengers load into them and ride it out until they are rescued? The rafts on these planes have tracking devices too!!! They would have been found. They are not found because they are not there! A human being did this...I am not sure why or what the reason is behind it...but it was done by the hand of a human. The plane landed somewhere...are the passengers still alive? Most likely not...they were probably killed as soon as they landed. Someone has that plane and it landed safely somewhere. Maybe the Malaysian government knows...maybe not. It is sad that nobody is talking about anything and that countries are not trying to find out the truth.
You're saying they tracked a smaller aircraft instead of 370? Of course, there's no proof of that whatsoever, it's just specualtion, and it's speculation taht flies in the face of all the qualified experts who analzyed those radar tapes and said it was 370. You're just making up your own facts to fit the conslcusion you want to reach. It's been 7 weeks since the crash, and a cyclone has been thruogh the search area. Those two factors alone would cause debris to scatter and sink.
And the facts they have...who says they are real? If they are...where is the plane? They talk about a southern arc and a northern arc...Did the plane make two passes? And is there proof they were tracking the 777? NO! Those qualified experts are still talking about it being a mechanical problem. Do you really believe that? If you do...you are like a lamb being led to its death. Willing to believe whatever they are told to.
Well, someone could take this aircraft and fly it out to the ocean and crash it for reasons you are not aware of. Just because you don't know what those reasons are doesn't mean that some irrational person didn't have his own reasons to do it and cannot be known without more information. At the very least, one must know who was at the controls of the aircraft before that person's motivation can be determined, and without being able to talk to that person makes it even mroe difficult.
Who says their facts are real? Who says YOUR facts are real? I'll take the word of those in the NTSB, the AAIB, the BAA, the FAA, and the ATSB before I take the word of someone on Yahoo who has never investigated and aircraft accident in their lives. You're just speculating without even looking at the radar tapes because you want ot reach a preferred conclusion.
It is the longest message I read. What are you saying?
Really...you are going to go to the risk and effort to hi-jack a plane and then fly it out over the ocean and crash it? Again...where is the debris? People are talking that they wanted the plane...Maybe not. Maybe they wanted someone ON the plane. And all those countries in the middle east could land a plane this big...why would they come out and say, "Oh yeah! We have it we took it to kidnap this person...no worries!"
Me? I am not an irrational person. Could an irrational person have a reason to do that? You betcha. Like I said, just because YOU don't know what it is doesn't mean some irrational person did not have one. I already told you about the debris. It's been 7 or 8 weeks since the crash with at least oen cyclone going through the area, and both those factors are going to scater and sink debris. If it crashed liek Air France 447, it may not have given up a lot of surface debris; moreover, they had a much better idea where that aircraft went down.
Take the word of the experts...the experts were not even given the information from Malaysia until weeks after it happened! Did they give them the correct information? Where did this satellite/radar tracking of the transponder come from? Is it is accurate...why can't they pinpoint the location of where it went down? Closed minds...think out of the box Mr. Scientist. And like you aid...why would I believe the word of some guy on Yahoo (just like you Rocket man)
Their information is much better than yours since they actually saw the evidence; you're just making stuff up. Making up facts is nothign more than speculation and magical thinking. You're not thinking locically, and that means you're mind is too open only to what you want to believe and closed to the actual facts.
Before 9/11/01 no one ever thought someone would have a reason to hijack an aircraft witth passengers and crash them into buildings either, but it happened.
Keep on following the advice of the experts Rocket man...Follow them like sheep to the slaughter. You would have stayed put if you were on that ferry too. Put on your life jacket and stay where you are! Forget the fact that the ship is turning over on its side. Everything is gonna be just fine. Have fun on your ship as it goes under...me I'm jumping the hell off!
The experts have way more credibility than you do. It's clear you are just making up your own facts with no evidence to support them. They have the radar tapes and the expertise to evaluate them; all you are working off of is your imagination.
Rocket man...look at item 4 on the flight path diagram with this article. "The radar data suggests that the plane flew along two possible flight paths." The so called northern arc and the southern arc...does that mean the plane split in two? Talk about making up facts...Follow the leader Rocket man...have fun on your journey over the cliff.
I'm not making anything up. CNN Malaysia Flight 370: New signal sounds 'just like' one from a plane's beacon After reviewing radar track data from neighboring countries, officials have concluded that the passenger jet curved north of Indonesia before turning south toward the southern Indian Ocean, a senior Malaysian government source told CNN on Sunday.
OHHHHHH Right. So if the Senior Malaysian government official says it...IT must be TRUE!!! Believe what you want rocket man...I'm done with this...can't discuss something with a person with a closed mind.
This analysis was done after the NTSB, the VEA, the FAA, the AAIB, and the ATSB became involved in the investigation, and some or all would have taken part in that. There is no one in the world more qualified to read radar tapes than those involved with these organizations. That statement was based on the analysis done by those agencies.
Right...SO you can't really say what they were following? They were following something they thought could be flight 370. It could also have been another plane with a transponder set to the same frequency as that of a Boeing 777. You and your experts really can't say that is wrong. Did they SEE the plane? Did anybody SEE the plane that was sending out these signals from the transponder the radar was tracking. NO. I'm done...Fly Malaysian airlines!!!
And that is also why they came up with two flight arcs...right!???
Again, they are the best in the world, ALL of them. They have read radar tapes thousands of tiomes. The two flight arcs came before the radar data from the neighboring countries was both acquired and analyzed. They have since said that they believe that the aircraft crashed along the southern arc and ended in the Indian Ocean.
And kids believe in Santa Claus.
Just like you believe in some fake smaller aircraft that has no evidence to support it.
Wayward civilian airliner was spotted but considered "friendly" so no action was taken. Are Muslim people really that clueless or just the ones who wears the uniform?? I wonder how much the compensation will be for the families?
Why did you say "Muslims"? If the plane went down over Ireland would you say "Catholic"?
Why make it about their religion? There are lazy, inattentive people in important jobs in your neighborhood.
Alert people over there in Malaysia, eh what? Does the report say that the plane is missing or if it ever existed? Were actual people on the plane or were they crash test dummies? Malaysia is treating them and their relatives like dummies! Has Botox Kerry blamed Putin for the disappearance? Was it racial? The world is nucking futs!
The plane was seen on radar when another object was seen on the radar to approach MH370. The plane and the object merged on the radar screen then took off at a fantastic speed before disappearing from the screen. Since that information is deemed to not fit for the public we are given non stop lies and rubbish.
Apparently, we can't handle the truth. Our betters know what's good for us.
Let....its pure speculation but if it did happen that way you know that they would never tell us.
Speculation.....yes. However, planes and ships have recorded electronic malfunctions in the past. Many planes and ships have completely disappeared....without a trace. Many planes encountering UFO report electronic malfunctions. Some just before they vanished.
BUT.....how does this account for the plane later being detected as changing course....."twice"? Unless you are trying to insinuate that this plane was intercepted and abducted by ??? And those "abductors" then sending some sort of signal "depicting" the "altered" flight path of the plane. Just trying to figure out the point of your post here Sidartha.
Comment.....Trying to figure out alien motives using human assumptions is not very successful
I hope the investigators at least consider the possibility that plane is not in the ocean. Some of the passengers may be alive and well and just wanted to disappear or were made to disappear.
I hope what I have read is true, its in Kandahar and the people are alive in shacks.
No, I don't think the 2 American babies wanted to just disappear, & I do not believe Philip Woods would have left on his own free will either, he would not leave his 2 sons that he is so proud of!! And is at all possible he would contact them!!!!
I certainly don't think ALL the passengers wanted to disappear or be a part of this. I don't believe all are alive either. All it takes is for one government, or agency, to want a few people or even one to be alive but listed as dead. It would make more sense if there were several on this flight they wanted. Who were the passengers? This is an elaborate plot, no other plane has ever done this before. It isn't just an accident. Accidents don't look like this.
20 people I heard were important on this flight and what was the cargo carrying?
The 20 ppl on the plane worked for the firm Free Scale Semiconductor out of Austin, Philip Wood was from Keller TX, and an executive for IBM, they are high tech engineers for tiny micro-chips for birds & bugs, these 21 ppl are the most important on that plane, out of the 20, 12 are Malaysians & 8 are Chinese Nationals, as far as cargo, ??? Have not heard, but they left Austin after some kind of meeting there recently from what I was told!!!
Interesting. I hope the investigators think outside the box on this one. Suicide doesn't look like this. This is something different we are looking at here, but what?
It landed, but all of the passengers were killed when the plane was depressurized enroute.
More lies and misdirection from Malaysian government.
The Malaysians shouldn't be allowed to operate airplanes.
Agree no Muslims should be allow for anything
There reasons why they are still searching.. They want those black boxes so they can see what really happened, But honestly they need to make it law that from now on they can not turn of the tracker or whatever it signal so next time if they went off course they would know..
When you're stealing airplanes, Stephanie, your little Nanny State Laws about turning off transponders carry little weight. Nanny State Laws don't prevent anything except freedom for most law abiding people and are ignored by law breakers anyway.
Sure another law will fix everything
A law that forbids turning off the tracker will mean the aircraft manufacturers and airliners will remove/lock out that function to avoid liability.
The technology exists to make the transponder turn on and off automatically upon take-off and landing without any possible pilot intervention. Many private jets have this feature. The "nanny law" that would be effective would be to demand that all planes incorporate such technology, as well as GPS. Just like the "nanny law" that forces carmakers to put seat belts in the cars. Of course, such a "nanny law" would infringe your right to have your body lost at sea and your family's right to not have closure.
You incompetent SOB's lost the plane and possibly are responsible 370 lives being lost. If it was a terrorist attack I see why they chose this airline in this country.
MISSING FACT FROM REPORT: "Flight MH370 was picked-up by Malaysian military radar at approx 02:08 am, after which 3 minutes later, a cellphone call believed to be from that of co-pilot First Officer Zaharie was picked-up by a cell-tower, but it was in fact the Malayasian Air Force top-general ordering anchovies and mushroom pizza, while the wayward Flight MH370 flew freely over his head and air defense network was not engaged. The Malaysian Air Force General was heavily reprimanded, but since he's also the Malaysian PM's good karaoke buddy, he was not demoted or relieved from his post. We apologize sincerely to the family members of the passengers of Flight MH370".
Hey, leave that guy alone. I too like anchovies and mushroom pizza.
YoumNononggengMinzu, I'm sure you have a good reason for leaving Barney Fife out of your story, but for the life of me, I don't know what that reason was......
The pilot made that turn and was headed toward Diego Garcia. The U.S not taking any chances blew it out of the sky. Because there were so many Chinese on board all the search efforts were diverted to an area far from where that plane was shot down. While everyone was chasing their tails the U.S cleaned up the junk that was floating on the surface. This plane will never be found. It was going to be an attack on a U.S. military base that was stopped before it happened.
Logically makes sense, unlike these other fruit cakes. People need to wake up and kick their television sets in...
Gee G, you start your weed early every morning?
I think this is the closest thing to what happened....not knowing if a threat was on that plane...I believe the US? maybe did blow it up....blame us??? I don't think so......but a tragedy to the lives lost.....this plane, the bodies, the parts...will never be found because its not supposed to be found, period.
@Raaphael: So what do you think happened?? That air base on that island is very well guarded. The U.S is not going to let any crackpot get any ware close to it. What other reason would that pilot make that turn and head in that direction. There's nothing else out there!
Or, cargo catches on fire pilot made the turn towards Penang, the nearest large airport capable of handling MH 370 in Northern Malaysia except RMAF Butterworth, right across the harbor from Bayan Lepas (Penang International Airport), 2 minutes flight time... Overcome by toxic fumes, MH 370 does a Payne Stewart. Flown MH370 a couple of times, flown in and out of SIN, KLA, and PEN dozens of times. Malaysian security is fairly good, Hong Kong and Chinese Security screening even stricter. Go through screen, metal detector getting off plane to go into transit, screened again to get on plane.
What did they use to blow it out of the sky?
You Tube MH370 , info about the base Diego Garcia .
@Roger At Diego Garcia??? Your kidding aren't you, please say your kidding.
No wreckage from the plane has been found. Atomized? Vaporized? What about those pings? Were they just making pings up?? With all their resources, human and machines, all they can do is vilify a God-given plant and chase after marijuana users and farmers???? Geeze.
That plane was rigged and flown straight to Diego Garcia. Then, stripped like a 6.0 Liter Chevy Silverado SS in a chop-shop in Oakland. I bet you some passengers had something to do with it as well. People will do anything for money.
how dumb is this post? Like the U.S. and the U.K. need another plane.
John, I guess you missed the phrase "Stripped." And I'm sure with your high caliber IQ, qualifies you to call other peoples opinions dumb. ...Where is your post on your opinion so I can critique you as well...
the 2 mysterious 'iranians' that interpol cleared in lightening speed.
lol...neither military needs to strip a plane either.
An x Boeing employee said, the CEO's have a policy that " It's cheaper to pay off grieving relatives than to fix flaws known beforehand would cause a crash. That's just the cost of doing business".
Malaysian Investigative Report: We placed a muslim in the front seat who then killed everybody in yet one more offering to our beloved 'alla'. The end.
It was his last flight, dumbazz. Maybe you missed that.
Translation: We are doing everything we can to stay in the headlines.
Why didn't this article say anything about what was on the black box recordings? Do they not know yet?
Shut up, Richard. Lyndsay sweety, they haven't found the black boxes yet, because they haven't found the plane. You may have thought the report meant they found the plane, but they haven't yet.
Richard, ok me too, Lyndsay I'm sorry, but it IS funny. Sorry.
If you only tuned in a few minutes a day and heard Wolf hyperventilating about how the plane will be found any minute, you could easily get that impression. I was imagining someone on an Amazon or Antarctic expedition who hadn't seen the news in months or years. But then I realized that, that describes 90%+ of Americans under 55...... Dancing with the Stars, American Idol, Daily Show, Letterman, Oprah and The View. If it isn't covered there, or on similar vacuous programs, then it didn't happen. Orwell's vision has come true.
I sincerely apologize for being one of the uninformed masses. I haven't been glued to this story like most Americans. Your laughter at me though inspires me to first, stay more informed, and second avoid people like you. So thanks!
Lyndsay, I'm sorry. I think what struck me so funny was that after I chastised Richard for saying "LOL" then he came back & said "LMAO" & I collapsed, because he was laughing at what I said to you. There is nothing wrong with or about you. Your observation that you haven't been glued to this story like most Americans, is very true of me -- I have followed this story from day one, I have obsessed over this mystery, so I have let it consume me, and that's way out of balance. You know how sometimes you're trying to explain things to somebody, and you just make it worse & worse for yourself, well that's how I feel right now, so finally I will just shut up now. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Shut up, Richard.
PMSL.....'twas all meant in fun lassies......Let's all have a Guinness....No hard feelings?
Waterboard #$%$ Cheney, I'm sure he knows about whatever false flag Irael's mosaad has planned. Fact: An exact match of MH370 has been stored in a hangar in Tel Aviv since last year. Look it up people, the info is available to anyone who bothers to research it,
It's in an underground hanger/building, and being retrofitted for the World Trade Center Memorial Museum opening this month. OUCH!!!
As long as they keep searching where they are, they will not find the plane, simply because it is not there. I believe it was hijacked and flown to one of the Islamic extremist countries. The passengers are dead and when the terrorist get the plane set up the way they want it, then and only then will the world know without a doubt where the plane went. It will be used in a similar attack to 9/11.
I have thought this all along.
said it from day 1 why don't they look into the Russian's intel on the man named "Hitch" and the plane being in Pakistan. Notice how all of a sudden no one is talking about the plane....
i think 'hitch' had to do w/hitchhiker/hijacker--lost in the translation
There are two kinds of disasters: natural and man-made. In both we, all countries, regions, the world need well-equipped and prepared rescue services. And we have fantastic technology and thousands of trained qualified people. However, we also have hordes of stupid and incompetent politicians and bureaucrats who place their petty interests above anything else, ready to lie no matter what. There is some difference between advanced technologically countries like the United States and Israel and lots of countries who need help and shouldn't be either shy or reticent to ask for help to save lives. The Asian countries recently had two man-made catastrophies in Malaysia and South Korea. And all of us should learn from these examples two things: a) corporations and companies will do anything to make money and have to be supervised; and, b) the governments even in advanced countries, South Korea and Malaysia are two rich countries, are extremely slow, extremely prone to lies and disorganized in time of crisis. In rescue operations the time should be measured only in seconds and minutes and not hours and days. The US response to Cathrina was criminal and utterly stupid. President Dubya was on vacation and wasn't watching TV for a week? Putin's Russia didn't know what to do with the perished submarine "Kursk." Israel was unable to control fires in the North without significant international assistance. So, what should we expect from Malaysia?
No matter how advanced you are.... you can't be prepared for everything. Every situation is different. To say that rescue crews are extremely slow and incompetent is easy to say when you are not the responders.
Joe head, let me correct you. Why the rescue teams are extremely slow and always late? Two reasons: 1. The bureaucrats couldn't care less about people only about their image and petty interests; 2. Rich nations must have skeleton teams prepared to be launched within 30 min. - 1 hour, that is they should be full time employees. The rest of their teams should be ready to join within 8-24 hours, they should be part-time employees of the rescue teams. Yes, we cannot foresee every single situation but why not do the bare minimum preparations? Don't we waste trillions on the millions of military men and civilians working the Defense Department? And our federal and state employees are the most laziest in the whole world and 75% of their jobs are done by telephone answering machines. We spend billions of dollars to feed and protect only one person!
I can't get over the grandstanding of the Australian and US Governments, ploughing 100's of Million Tax Payer Dollars into the fruitless search of a Malaysian Airplane filled with Chinese passengers.
It's all a part of the game.
Oliver- I think they really have to find out what happened to that plane. It's critical to know if the Boeing 777 has a fatal mechanical flaw. Remember Sioux City and the DC-10? Personally, though, I think that the timing is just too coincidental. It disappeared right when it left one airspace and entered another? It makes me wonder exactly what was on board that plane to make it worth all this. Also, it seems like a convenient reason to have more military presence in that volatile area, don't you think? What? Those ships? They're "searching!"
Oliver , is the Boeing 777. I do fly frequently and would llike to know if the plane had a problem....
That plane will not be found with Muslim Malaysians managing the search and Australians and Americans paying for it and Chinese ships making photos of the US warships in the search.
I agree Sandra. Too "coincidental" that it just suddenly "disappeared" during the minute and a half that it was between ATC air-space!!!! (Malaysian and VN) Sounds a little too "plotted and planned"!!!!!
The plane is in a country and being loaded up with the missing nuclear weapons. I will crash in a country near you, just my opinion
"I will crash in a country near you"??...huh...interesting!!...Also, Don't you think that those countries already have planes?!
Of course the others have planes -- why would they use one of theirs that can be identified as -- THEIRS?
Let's make seder: NO PLANE AND PASSENGERS EVER EXISTED. THIS WAS A FAKED OPERATION TO MONITOR THE CHINESE LAND GRAB. There is zero evidence to the contrary, absolutely nothing. And crying and consoling crisis actors is not evidence of anything to do with planes or passengers.
Question 1: Why are Muslims even allowed to fly airplanes in the first place? Muslim countries should not be allowed to operate airplanes.
They were going to put out a real report before Obama showed up and told them to keep their mouth shut.
my mom is not feeling well lately. I know why now. Obama visited this area few months ago.. Thanks for the clue.. Genius!
Swany, every time I see a comment from you, it is about President Obama. Your pic looks like you're a normal dude that might have a brain, but I guess not. Are a Bushy Jr fan?? You liked him, eh? He was the dumbest idiot ever to stand behind a podium. And do you agree with the Iraq war...Little Bushy's personal vendetta againgst an oppressor (Kim Jung-IL and UN, sound familiar?) that daddy couldn't take down himself. I wish all of the military, and some civilian men and women, that died there because of all of the WMD's we found, can be replaced and their loved one's hearts mended. Thanks Bushy, the worst president ever. Now please stop posting the same #$%$, ya (t)ard!!
Bush and Barry; both sellout shills for the bankers, I don't think we have had a POTUS that cared about the American people since they hit JFK. Bush is a POS butchering drunk. Sounds like you do a lot of drinking yourself
This fiasco reminds one of Flight 800 in Granola Land where the government spent millions on the cover up of the missile attack.
What the hell is Granola Land?
Just add another layer of aluminum foil to your hat and everything will be just fine.
You conspiracy theorist can't resist every opportunity spread your propaganda.
This myth is based on stupidity. An observer said he saw a flash of light heading towards the plane and he heard a big boom right at the same instant. Problem is, the plane was 12 miles away, and light travels faster than the speed of sound. In real life, you see lightning on the horizon and you hear thunder a few seconds later. But in the movies, you see the lightning at the same time you hear the thunder. So some idiot who uses Hollywood physics has proven that the sound he heard and the flash of light he saw at the same time are not related, because they would not be observed at the same time if they were related.
Regarding the TWA Flight 800 fiasco, there is a very good documentary on Netflix right now about that. Hundreds of witnesses along Long Island saw the same thing, lights coming up out of the ocean (off the Navy ship that was offshore), traveling up to just outside the airplane and exploding, the plane breaking in half and falling into the ocean. Why would the FBI get involved with something that is normally handled by the NTSB, if they weren't trying to cover something up? The FBI agents were secretly filmed switching debris field tags in the middle of the night from one debris field to another, so that it would appear that the accident was caused by exploding fuel tanks, which would cause certain parts of the plane to fall off and land in a particular debris field. The NTSB tried their best to point out that it COULD NOT HAVE BEEN a fuel tank exploding, but rather was from an outside missile/bomb that exploded outside the plane. Not one single witness was asked to testify about what they saw to Congress. It was all just a big cover up. The US did not want to have to pay France for all those passengers that the Navy killed, so they covered it all up. The NTSB just threw their hands up and said #$%$!!! You should watch the documentary. It is very thorough and makes you just shake your head at the US government. And no, I don't wear a tin foil hat, either.
Jill: I saw that documentary and it was the biggest pile of horse apples I had ever watched. If you take the time to check out the claims - there are no actual sources for most of what you posted. Only an idiot would watch a documentary on TV - especially about a conspiracy that is so completely unlikely - and believe it without reading the sites that debunk these conspiracy theories. Clue for the clueless: You cannot hide the fact that a US warship accidently fired a missile and shot down an airliner. Anybody with any military experience knows that this is something that cannot be covered up (and why).
should we really believe anything these people say at this point?
No we can not believe them. Even CNN is now done milking this story. I do not think they will find the plane and people will tire of spending money on the search.
Breaking news! The jet will never be found.
that paper in that report would have more value as toilet paper.
Why create a report? There is nothing to write about that hasn't been rehashed 100X
Where is the pdf of the report? I too am able to read.
i clicked on it somewhere, but the 'cargo manifest' had 1 line item; no weight listed
I pray GOD to walk each one of those people into the gates of heaven if the plane went down, if not then I pray GOD to let them be found alive no matter where they are or who has them.
How do you "walk" into Heaven? Don't you have to fly up into the clouds where Heaven is? They don't give angels wings for nothing you know.
First, stop capitalizing the word "god"...next, there was a plane crash? Where? And if they are with "god", then they are fake too!!
They might have the latest bells and whistles, but stay off third-world airlines if you value your life.
Malaysian Airlines is hardly a third world carrier. If you go take a look at Skytraxx rankings, etc - prior to the accident they had a 5 star safety rating, and were rated in the top 15 of all airlines. If you had actually ever flown internationally, you'd take pretty much every Asian and Middle Eastern carrier over the North American carriers - they truly are garbage, overpriced, have poor safety records, and #$%$ cabin service, generally.
They don't have the latest bell: they could have paid for GPS tracking with no additional equipment, but they didn't want to spend the money.
Rick are you a pilot Bingo
If you look at that map, there's no way the plane would be anywhere near Australia. The report of possible wreckage in Bay of Bengal is more inline with the map. Who and why were they told to look near Australia?
The pings on the satellite told them it went there but I am suspicious of it.
Sat ping off of 1 satllite, and they GUESSED which way the plane went on how it pinged.
So it most likely didn't go there.
I just hope China conquer the Islamic Malaysia.
It was hijacked by Otto Pilot.
Another theory, system was hacked and nothing could be done by the pilots.
I don't jest.... ........and stop calling me 'Shirley'!
It's over, say your goodbyes and move on, those millions wasted everyday could be put to better use.
Cobra1 If that is the way you would feel about your own loved ones, I pity you.
I feel sorry for you to not have someone close enough to you for you to want answers after a tragedy. Having a loved one lost/missing and not knowing what happened has to be one of the hardest things to deal with. We both are entitled to our own opinions; however, please remember the saying, don't judge me till you walk a mile in my shoes and lived a day of my life.
Easy for you to say - it isn't your parents or children. What a thoughtful thing to say. It's certainly all about the money, isn't it? Why did we bother to clean up the Towers? I mean, it just cost us money we could have used for better things like the XL pipeline or more weapons.
Can you imagine how much money would have been saved if they just had GPS? That was the recommendation after that French flight went down in the Atlantic. If you want to do something useful, write your congressperson and tell them to fight for GPS-monitoring of all flights.
Yes, CNN is done milking this story. The cow is all dry.
You have to come to terms that they are gone. They are not alive.
It's not in the ocean!! It's in a jungle area somewhere!!!
Malaysia's PM looks like Floyd the Barber...... Sounds like him too!
I believe him about as much as Floyd too.
Hey Goober! Tell ya one thing... I'd dang sure rather have Floyd holding a razor to my throat, than that pirate.
Dude on the right could be Mr Haney from Green Acres.
The plane may never be found, or it may be decades or longer...Amelia Erhardt is still missing along with her plane
You forget about "pings", that traced Malaysian flight. Of cause, if assume it as a real stuff.
Big deep ocean, and only so much space a ship can search at a time.
I can understand a plane going down, being lost off radar, exploding, being shot down.... but when you cannot find one trace of the plane, and engine, black box, luggage, body part or ANYTHING.... something else is going on.... completely off what we know today that can happen to planes....another Bermuda?
Why beat around the bush....their "report" should be a simple, "We don't know where the #$%&* plane is and your loved ones are most likely dead. We'll let you know if either of these observations change."
strange....feel horrible for the families affected. no answers, no closure, nothing
Your 2 goals on Tuesday were awesome!
When in Malaysia last week, Obama lectured the Malaysian PM on the value of transparency. lol.
NOTE to Self......DO NOT Fly In or Out of Malaysia
What are you worried about Kent? Oh wait, you meant fly on a plane.
Or don't not fly in or out 3worlds
5,000 lbs of lithium batteries marked "handle with care". I sure they gave them the white glove treatment.
On a side note, they found Jimmy Hoffa...
OK, the other day I suggested the plane was in Vietnam. So maybe I was off a few miles...Cambodia, Vietnam...close enough. Now, start looking!!
"Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Can't find it. Thank you."
Who knows when and where it will be found .
Asians should not operate any type of a vehicle
If they could open their eyes all the way they would be better drivers
They are very good at bad driving
Still nothing after 2 months. My heart goes out to the families and I'm sure they want answers. I'd like to know who is paying for wild goose chase search, as they really have no clue where the plane is.....
i would like too know what is In the cargo manifest besides the batteries! Its not classified. It might give us some idea of.what is going on, the familys deserve answers. A lot of vips on plane
@ james - Why don't you check into that and get back to the rest of us?
The Malaysian Government's preliminary report into the fate of flight MH370, comes across as a orchestrated pile of bull chit!! Even if there were technical leads, high powered politician up front involvement, seemed like an act of desperation, that only caused a higher degree of mistrust. It turns out, one can make a lot of different scenarios fit the evidence that is available....by cherry picking the evidence to suit a particular scenario.....including the earlier scenario that MH370 went down in the Bay of Bengal. One has to wonder why the Joint Authority Coordination Center (monitoring the search) is trying to poo-poo the geomagnetic evidence that points to a downed aircraft in the Bay of Bengal. Magnetic surveys are used in both terrestrial, and marine archeology. Magnetic surveys, record with a Magnetometer, spatial variations in Earth's magnetic field, at the ocean's surface....."stuff" on the earth's ocean floor, can cause a minor disturbance/fluctuation in the earth's magnetic field pattern....which paints a magnetic field picture at the ocean surface instruments. There is a Plane down in the Bay of Bengal....and the Australian ship did pick up pings off the coast of Australia.....now make the scenario fit these facts.
one of the many sad things about this is all the searchers, in planes & on ships, working long days, desperate to find a trace of a plane which never went down in the southern indian ocean.
Wow...some of the idiotic "theories" out there are really amusing.
Remember the series "Lost"? This is what the rest of the world, who was not on that island, would have experienced. Yes, I know...fiction.
pilot crashed the plane for his ever loving foking allah..end of story.
Possible. Then his wife and kids will be taken care of with the ins. money.
planes don't crash into the ocean completely intact and then sink to the bottom. if the plane crashed into the ocean, they would have found debris by now.
So its on land somewhere then?
Could be cause theres no debris.
debris gets swallowed up by oceans. and smaller parts get scattered around. and if you don't exactly know where to look they'll never be found. the ocean swallowed up titanic in no time.
If Malaysia's government would have just shut up...this could have gone unnoticed.
LOL....tell me that guy in the picture is not wearing an "8-ball" hat!!..... too funny and so perfect!
It must have been a 1 page report...Probably with just the words from Shultz on Hogan's Heroes! "I know noth-ing!"
I believe the pilot had something to do with this.
I am tired of hearing the news over and over. If you want to confess something, now is a good time to do it. No more dragging feet, no more lying, no more deceits, no more false information.......
they are hiding something ! the plane never went down in the water . I think a search in iran should be looked into someone is probably holding them hostage.
Your mind is holding you hostage.
look at the stupid faces of those incompetent morons!
Another sequel to the "Where's waldo" book.
So what they are telling us is: They have NO CLUE what happened to this flight.
The report was one sentence long and simply reads "We have no f'ing idea."
C'mon Man! Malaysian Airlines is like all other airlines. They have their own dispatchers watching every flight every minute...1 min off a route sends red alerts....Someone has this plane....my guess is check Diego Garcia...Anyone who has any aircraft knowledge knows this plane isn't missing....The plot thickens...I'd say it has some to do with those 20 high tech Chinese scientists on the plane...only a guess..
They need to look into Pakistan! and a man named "hitch". Russia tried to warn the U.S. about those Boston dudes and their intel was creditable. Bit the U.S. did nada...So I am thinking it's worth a shoot, bc the plane is not in the ocean.
Meanwhile somewhere in the South Pacific - "De Plane Boss de Plane"
Those who REALLY cannot see the FALSE FLAG this thing is IMPRESS me with theyre IGNORANTCE! It's a distraction, a PLOY! GET OFF YOUR COUCH AND LISTEN!! But only to the right channels; the REST are filled with LIES!
too funny. Yes...those who see conspiracies around every corner are the ONLY sites to rely on. What a riot.
John.. Are you the type who actually BELIEVES what he reads on Yahoo “”NEWS””?? Or who BRUSHES OFF the “”conspiracy” sites because he’s too IGNORANT to believe that his precious, LIB government could POSSIBLY ever lie to him?? Sorry John...!Your sweet old government is not as sweet as they taste when your lickin’ their feet!
YOU need to stop listening to the channels in your head.....just saying.
I am not SCHIZOPHRENIC, I am simply one who SEES the TRUTH... Open your EYES FOOL!
your...your...your...you only want to believe you see the truth. It's not the truth, it is what you want to BELIEVE is the truth. That's what we all do. lol...do I believe yahoo news? yahoo isn't news bud.
No, Yahoo is PAID LIES. So you DO see a PART of the truth! Google Agenda 21!
Will do, but here's the thing. everything is skewed to relate to the audience they want to attract. lots of people mistrust the government right? so from what I read, conspiracy sites take the mistrust and magnify it. playing on peoples fears.
Or MAYBE... They are reporting the TRUTH that the MAIN NEWS sites WON'T report on!
That plane will come back and haunt America..try looking in Malaysia...!!!!
Marilyn, I don't think it's in Malaysia, but I believe you're right about it coming back to haunt America.
ZA (Zombie Airlines) Flight 101. Watch the skies, chicken littlebrains.
If there was a NUKE on this Aircraft , IT would Have Been FOUND for sure !
Just like we will never know who really killed JFK.
We will, when it comes roaring in loaded for bear.
LBJ had Malcolm Wallace kill JFK from the 6th floor of the School Book Depository (his fingerprints were found there) along with some other shooters from just behind Zapruder. LBJ ducked once JFK was in the triangulation zone, 30 seconds before the shooting. LBJ was going to be indicted by RFK (LBJ had him killed too, so that LBJ would not face these Dept of Agriculture indictments and so that RFK wouldn't be able to open a murder investigation about killing JFK). Corruption has always been a part of politics.
But why do we drive on a parkway and park on a driveway?
OMG Moss Beach.....(and forgive me everybody for this....not trying to make light of the tragedy of this flight).....was just thinking about that today Moss Beach....and trying to remember all the rest of those...ummm...(can't remember what they call them right off hand). There's a whole list of them. Gonna have to google it. Just found it really fascinating that you quoted that after I was thinking about it just today. AGAIN.....SO SORRY to anyone that I may have offended here with my humor. : ( Meant no harm!!!
It should be 8 words. "We have no idea what we are doing".
Here is my report on the Malaysia government .. ~~~ ┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩┐ ~~~
Shut up and let people accept fate!!!!
Well then Nathan, take your own advice.
IF it turned back west across Malacca straits and over the tip of Sumatra, there is still lots of jungle there!!
Summary: We think it took off; we know two #$%$ were in the cockpit; we're clueless as to where it is, but everybody in Pakistan is giggling.
I believe the plane landed safely on Fantasy Island
I can hear Tattoo saying, "Da plane, Da plane.
Way to look at everything except the OBVIOUS, Malaysia.. ...oh, that's right it's a muslim country...
why did it went down where it went down?
The Beovians know what happened, but they're not talking at the moment.
What a pathetic effort put forth by this 3rd world country....
it takes time but the truth is out there and the lies are in the ocean. i feel sorry for the people aboard and there familys. hard cold truth they are most likely no longer with us but the plane is.. i pray for all.
WOW--Malaysians finally admit knowing that the plane was lost.
This will forever be a cover-up
Fern Nando 54 minutes ago 2 1 I come to Yahoo only to PESTER people... I love it!!! I love it!!! I love it aaaaaaaaaalot!!! Thank God Yahoo finally installed that MUTE button. Later Fern Nando.
How much the relatives would receive compensation from Malysia Airlines I wonder? there is no amounts compare human lives. Maybe $10,000.00 each.
the plane is in my back yard!
Aw yer fammies dead. Go home.
I come to Yahoo only to PESTER people... I love it!!! I love it!!! I love it aaaaaaaaaalot!!!
I know where MH370 Jet is.... It never took airborne, all in tact, the plane remained on the ground, redirected to hanger area 501... All the passengers are all safe, all of them having a ball. They don't want to go home, they are all having such a good time....
The plane went to Diego Garcia as part of a black op. It is gone now. The cover up was badly botched.
Now we learn the audio between pilot and airport was altered or edited. (not on yahoo yet) The thot plickens......................
part of the report."uh, ya'll can go on home now. we are done, we know even less that a month or so ago. we still don't know where the hell the plane went. seems it is not in the ocean. now everyone go on home and get some sleep."
This is sick..I think that government has issues and doesn't want the world to know..so whats going to happen with those families that lost people.go home and say (ok)...doubt it..I think that government should be held responsible.they act like they don't care about the plane or the people
NEWS UPDATE: Flight 370 is still delayed.
Simple question from me, is how in the world does a plane of this size just DISAPPEAR???
because compared to the size of the ocean it's like a pimple on a gnat's butt.
John, forget about ocean. The plane was flying for hours avoiding radars.
It said: The plane is still missing and we can't find it. It took five pages to say that?
In other news there have been numerous sightings of Elivis around Maylasia. Authorities comfirmed Elivis is missing but not dead.....
Just look at the guy with the Red 8-Ball hat. Whats up with that???
I told everyone from the beginning that the plane DID NOT crash into the ocean , It landed ( probably) in a nother muslem country possibly maylasia's sister coutry , right next door , and they may have plavs to load the jet with bombs and hit some rival country with it
an aircraft that size can just vanish into thin air, and they expect us to believe we have the technology to travel to the moon? other planets? lol
In the pilots last statement, it sounds like he's saying, "Three-five-oh," instead of "three-SEVEN-oh."
They don't know what happened to that plane or where it is so why not just admit it? It could take years to find any sign of the plane or it may never be found.
Ohhh!! They can spot a marijuana field in the wild from thousands of feet off the Earth with helicopters and planes. Oooh! They can spot good old weed field with extreme accuracy but they can't find a missing plane. Oooh! It's difficult to find a plane, but easy to run like clowns looking for marijuana fields and users and farmers. Oooh! Dang!
At this point I wouldn’t trust them even if all they said is that the plane left the runway.
The Malaysian government should just S____T_____F____U. Their releases don't convey anything to victims families, they do more harm than good.
OK, now how about releasing a check to American taxpayers for services rendered? To hell with the feds, mail my check to: Allan H.....USA
WWHHOOOOOOOOOOO CARES ANYMORE and how many more millions are we going to spend while we tell our own old people they might lose their checks %^&
is that guy in the red hat have an '8 ball' on his head? I'm guessing they've been shaking that 8 ball quite a bit lately.
This will be another Ameilia E. plan story.
As a Boeing whistleblower said "It's sometimes cheaper to pay off grieving relatives than to fix flaws known beforehand would cause a crash. That's the cost of doing business".
true . But MH 370 did not crash
Jay blames this one on a Wizard Of Oz video....
The plane was deliberately flown off course, but because its a muslim pilot, they are not allowed to say..
Uhh let me guess, they are still saying it went !!
And if people believe this they will go ahead and make up some more.
Where can one have a full copy of thie report ?
No longer news. CNN has milked this story dry. Now its the Ferry and Sterling stories that CNN are milking. Maybe Donald Sterling will start dating Anderson Cooper. That will help him survive the storm around him.
"Plim-plizzle, my nizzle, don' foget bouts tha six-fo, chuch, dawg up in da hood, chilly my grilly. fo sho." ....Urban Texting.
They finally released the manifest. 4 tons of mangosteens which were out of season at a cost of almost $10 a pound ... Hmmm
Oooops, I miscalculated. The shipping cost on the out of season mangosteens was only about $3.50 a pound. But you got to ask yourself ... who is paying $3+ to ship an out-of-season non-gourmet fruit ???
Everyone knows how they died. There's a lot more issues going on around the world. I think it's a waste of time to go any further...
Official Malaysian Report: "The plane was jihadded by the muslim in the front seat. The end." Any questions?
WE ONLY LOOK NOW ON WEEK DAYS, WEEK END WE OFF, WE NO GET PAID SO WE TAKE WEEKEND OFF.
I hope they find it soon. At some point, I've got to vacuum my floors......
"Preliminary report"? Wow. They are fast!
The Stooge Brigade is back in action...with more nothing.
Malaysia releases preliminary report into MH370.." it's as "F" up as obamacare"
search "drag" on for year=more $
I bet that's where Obama learned how to be a liar....when he went to school in Malaysia .
all in all, it's clear that nothing is clear..
It's just a coincidence that Obama went to school in Malaysia.....
Obama went to school in Indonesia, not Malaysia.
Nice work, but wipes. Boycott this airlines AND this country.
Lol, GE just got a contract from them for USD1.5 billion. Rolls-Royce would be happy to take over that contract.
This just in "They are all shark poop as of now"