Then again, other debris may have washed up in other places already. The key is that it has to be found. So, a piece of debris has to a) be identifiable to a plane, b) be noticed by someone that is smart enough to associate garbage on the beach to an airplane crash that happened over a year ago. c) tie this together d) care enough about it to identify responsible authorities, e) have the public servant (we assume) that gets notified to care enough to then report it to someone. So, a wing flap does it. A broken piece of an old suitcase, water bottles, seat cushions, etc on a beach in Sumatra? Probably not - just more of the garbage that washes up on beaches every day.
A drift analysis on a plane wing found on Reunion Island has identified a new crash zone for flight MH370 and predicts the wreckage will be found at the opposite end of where the search is being carried out. The new analysis was released by Sweden-based physicist Dr Henrik Rydberg, who has been independently investigating MH370 with a team, on Monday, News Corp reports. The area where the wreckage of the Malaysia Airlines flight could be found is in the Southern Indian Ocean, which is at the northern part of the search area being carried out by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), according to Dr Rydberg. 'The most likely origin of the flaperon is currently a 120 square nautical miles area, centered at (34S, 94E).'
Interesting information. The area that is currently being searched is along the path established by the radio signals sent by the engine monitors. The assumption is that the plane went down when it ran out of fuel, but the variable is the consumption rate because the speed and altitude are unknown. What has not been considered is if the plane made a controlled landing at sea well before the fuel ran out. Perhaps this discovery could help to determine if that was the case.
There's no way they can predict where it came from. You could throw three ping pong balls in the water at the same time and they will end up in different places.
I would feel better if the Malaysians were totally left out of the investigation. It is incomprehensible that an airline with it's national name allow a plane to fly with the batteries that powered the beacons to it's black boxes fly a full year after the fact.
so these simple ocean currents make tracking of a debris trail too complex to understand; yet we are supposed to believe the fairy tale of the sky-is-falling future calamity of CO2 global warming based on immensely more complex weather patterns that uses a debunked computer program from the UN's IPCC???
In the past when CO2 levels spiked so did temperatures. You're hopeless on science.
Probably the same guys (or gals) that do the climate change models.
I was intrigued by the whole MH370 episode when it first started. I think everyone knows, there are no survivors, the plane most likely will never be found and even if it is, so what. This whole thing is beginning to look like one big hole in the water where you pour money into.
It's not a question about whether there were survivors. Recovery of the plane would provide the black boxes and important information about why this happened, and if it was an accident or an intentional act.
True, but at what costs? What's being spent to answer that question, which really doesn't matter at this point, you could use those $$ to solve a lot of other problems...or not if the gov't is involved. Might as well throw the $$ down this hole as any other the gov't would be tasked with.
An absolute waste of money to have the so call expert Aussies in charge of the search. As soon as the news of 'flaperon' was broken, the head of the Aust Air Safety was heard on BBC saying the Reunion location is exactly where (we) thought the drift modelling would carry the debris. If that the case why there had been no preliminary brief given to the local search organisation? Instead the local authority had been burning every piece of debris found. This is a USD 150M search project but delivers absolute zilch result. Politically correctness means no one is supposed to criticise any govt authorities because they are the expert.
I hope the calculation about the satellite handshake with the engines theory is right. With the extra fuel he got before takeoff, he could have covered most of the Indian Ocean before running out of fuel and crashing. The plane might never be found if it isn't on that arc.
Prefect evidence the no it alls know nothing. Like drop 100 messages in bottles at the same location and been told they will all wash up on the same beach.
the smartest people live in the big down under, they know it all, they are going to have the largest coal mine in the north of the country soon, a gift from mother china (Abutts mother) and all it will cost them is a huge bread basket, the only true bread basket in the north, but Abut said let them eat cake, how many more bread baskets are left un-molested on earth to eat from ? huh Abut how god damm many, you #$%$ fool.
Keep in mind these are many of the same models used to support the global warming / climate change fanatics. Not saying it's not true but given the infancy of the science we should not be betting the farm on these models.
While Australians create useless models, the only thing Americans are good at doing nowadays is creating apps. For instance, I've created a new app called 'DumpAlert'. A microchip is inserted into the user's colon. When the chip senses a bowel movement about to begin, it sends a signal to a call center in India. The signal is then relayed to another satellite over the Azores which transmits a text message to the user's smart phone warning that he/she has 10 minutes to find the nearest toilet. The app also monitors the consistency, color and frequency of the user's stools. Pretty cool, eh?
I just got an alert. I'm about to pass a Gil.
To further point out the futility of hunting for this plane the average depth of the ocean is over two miles deep. Very few subs could go that deep and come back up.
good god, global warming prediction were based on modeling too LOL
The fact that the plane is still missing means everything the Australian led search party has been doing everything wrong since day one. Even now, they stubbornly insist that they are on the right track, what a bunch of fools!
That's because they miscalculated where the aircraft came down. It was always my belief that the one who did this set a course for Antarctica midway between the continents of Africa and Australia. That would mean they weren't looking far enough to the wet of Australia and closer to Africa. I'm sure that future drift models based on where the part was found on Reunion will bear this out.
maybe its time to put the computers down and ask some of the old guys to research this the old fashioned way. With their brains.
Can anybody even imagine how big the oceans are? To further the countless square miles that have to be searched the oceans are three dimensional. They become countless cubic miles to hunt for a twig.
And yet the experts have decided to spend millions to do so in a calculated way. Perhaps they know something that you don't! Next time hopefully you can pull your response from somewhere other than out of your #$%$ What a maroon.
Michael, seems you got the vapors of something. Settle down. To further what I was pointing out If you lost your keys in Kansas, or was it Nebraska, it will be tough to track them down. That's all I said.
Some Australians are making a career out of looking for where the plane came down, which most likely won't be known in our lifetimes. Remember when they were certain to find the plane more than a year ago?
Planted evidence. The powers that be don't want the plane found
And who are "The powers that be"?
Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 This page to prove that someone, albeit only one, predicted "the greatest U-turn in the History of mysteries". Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing to be found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ The script is explained in link. "Putin", a nazi agent, is part of staging the fake "downed Boeing" act, As for where Obama/Osama fits in that picture: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a Boeing 777 Originally scripted for Easter Sunday 2014, illuminati forced to postpone it because of brave people of Slovyansk starting an armed revolt at Donetsk:
OMG our little computer models cannot predict the infinite variables in ocean flow, buoyancy, the stock market, simple weather, dating, relationships, nothing??!! You mean I CANNOT just ASK SIRI? OMG! The world is complicated! Is there an APP for that??!!! smh
There go those scientific models being wrong again...lol
The Australian guy was right but misquoted. He Said. Sometime some #$%$ will wash up in Samatra "Quote" He was infact refering to the local population & nothing to do with the plane.
Thanks McAn sorry for the mistake. Hackmouth
...let the scientific "cover-ups" begin! You guys simply screwed this one up...admit it and start working backward to improve your modeling.
Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing to be found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
So if they were so wrong about the landfall of debris,,, could it be......... and I am just asking,,, could it be they are all wrong about the "estimated" crash site too????? These so called pings??? EVERYONE involved wants to be an expert and be able to come back and say..... "see it was my data that led you to the recovery".... All hog was people... The plane is on an island in the PACIFIC!!!!
The Muslim revenge on China for its treatment of people in xinjiang, CCP can thank itself, and probably not the last of revenges
Hey australia if you like your debris drift models you can keep your debris drift models.
Offer a big enough reward for MH370 plane pieces found on the shore lines of Indian Ocean islands......this might increase the boots on the ground effort.....of course the airplane part would have to be certified from MH370.
Hope with the wing parts they can reduce the search area.
This model must be done by some Dutch idiots!!!
What do the Dutch have to do with this?
Ha ha, looks like some bend out of shape Dutch!!!
There is a religion tell people kill more then you go to heaven ...