The Dead Quick Ugliness I'd called my son from Amsterdam To come home in our native land, He was murdered in Ukraine farm. Big bro rushed to catch the gangs, He was quick to sniff like a hound, Accused his rival of killing my son. Little sis lost her way to Chinatown, She vanished, nowhere to be found. She's last seen into Big bro's bound, "No, I saw her going in Aussie pond." So Aussie did for a loop in his pond Albeit a long sorts, sis wasn't found. Big bro's pal saw a bra in his island, They're sure it is her padding brand "Little sis wore that signature brand." Then they said they aren't that sure, How can I take back my own words, Big bros, thrice you made me a fool.
Losing a family member is never easy, especially under these circumstances so its only natural the families want answers but demanding they be taken to this island is not what they need and would only hinder the investigation having all these upset family members crowding the search team and possibly contaminating or removing evidence but they do deserve answers. It is a bit ridiculous that we have so much technology in place for so many other projects but finding a passenger jet as large as this took over a year. We can track equipment in space millions of miles away yet we can't locate a plane on our own planet, that is beyond messed up.
Although I have the utmost respect, and deepest sympathy for all of those who lost loved one's in this terrible tradagy, I fail to see the reason for their government to fund a trip to the place where such a small debris was found... Unfortunately, this wing could have floated for a thousand nautical miles. It's quite possible that the aircraft might be close to Reunion, but not probable In my opinion the Malaysian people should pull themselves together and let fate take its course. Show the rest of the world just how strong you, and your country really are... Good luck and God Bless Malaysia !!!
Someone, albeit only one, predicted "the greatest U-turn in the History of mysteries", at the reunion of two previous "Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777" acts totally staged with actors, Two gangs of illuminazi suicide bombers in action: - "Putin" and the fake rebels, used to stage MH17 in July 2014 and blame it on the real rebels while pretending to blame it on Ukraine government. - "Netanyahu" and the rest of Israel's government, used to stage the resurrection of Obama Bin Laden with a 9/11 remake at Jerusalem, again with pixels used to simulate the "missing" Boeing 777 crashing on Temple Mount. end-times-prophet.blogs+pot. -- /2014/03/
He wants to go to Reunion Island to look for his son's luggage? Might as well go look for it at Disneyland. These people are not thinking clearly...at all. I heard an interview where one relative of a passenger didn't even believe that the plane had crashed, that it was a huge conspiracy. I guess living in a country like China where all the media is government controlled, and the government constantly lies to the populace, it could breed distrust. But this plane is gone. There is no luggage on Reunion Island.
Government lies; media controlled. Sounds like where we are headed under the Obama administration.
@Ronald: Where we are HEADED ??!!! WE ARE THERE ! Where have you been ?
These people whose family member/s had lost their lives without closure or answers are again seeking to go to Reunion Island just because of ONLY A SINGLE PIECE OF LIKELY ONLY evidence (not confirmed). They should not gather over the slightest commotion at the Embassy demanding to be taken there. While we can understand their anxiety, perhaps they should wait for more evidences to be found before the airline can consider flying them there. Empty vessels making the most noises‼️‼️‼️
These Chinese are true bumpkins and totally insane to think that they can verify anything by going tp the island. His son is dead and he's interested in the suitcase.
Are you CRAZY? We cant pay to haul all you folk over to Reunion Island for free and i assume you'll be wanting us to feed and house you too ? Heck you didn't even know what a flaperon was until 2 weeks ago.Just continue on with your jobs back at home and when the investigation is over you will certainly get a full report of the findings. Your best bet now is to keep busy and Keep Working ON YOUR JOB.
When your mom dad son daughter were on the plane. You will write differently
Absolutly NOT. I have to maintain everything here at home before i lose it . I hung around weeks away from home earlier when it first happened. Somebody here has to get their rump to WORK !
My sympathy to all of the families that lost loved ones on that flight however a trip to the island where just two 2 pieces of the plane appeared. The rest is still swirling around in the ocean perhaps landing on other islands. Will the families demand to be flown to each place wreckage happens to land?
My understand is at one point there was a report of luggage washed up on Reunion as well. Perhaps this is what motivated at least one request. I've not heard any further reports of other debris like luggage, however. Just a thought.
Good point. Reunion 1 will turn into Reunion 2 then 3...
The plane crashed, violently. Their families are in dis-belief, and honestly, I would be too, but after a year, there is no trip to any island that is going to change the grief and suffering they have had to endure. MH370 has flown into the great beyond. May God Bless them as they are forced to transition from hope to no hope, in ever seeing their loved ones again. With the finding of this single piece of now confirmed part of the plane, and the very apparent violent nature of it's being ripped from the plane, there is no other conclusion. For some unknown reason, this plane hit the water and ripped to shreds. All on board perished.
actually i doesnt look like a violent crash tbh, but in any case i am sure the loved ones are all dead.
Did you not noticed the very obvious ripping on the edge lines? Do you know how much forced it took to do that? That part did not just fall off, it was torn off in a very very violent way, such as hitting water at 500 MPH.
I had a dream, or at least I think it was a dream, that the plane crashed on a remote island and can't be seen on a map or radar. The passengers are alive, or so they think they are. One passenger in a wheel chair gained the ability to walk and some rock star heroin addict is also among the survivors.....Oops, Oh, wait....My bad, I got this story confused with a re-run of "Lost" I watched last night. Disregard.
Perhaps it's a cultural thing...holding onto hope in the excess. That's unfortunate, they should be able to accept their family member's fate and move on. Strange how that works.
I agree Reality Island. Grief is a strange emotion, and it can consume a person beyond reality.
@paul,better go back to watching your real world,TV!
HA! Hooked on Netflix. But in all seriousness, this is a strange predicament and Once the idea of the plane being hi-jacked and flown to an undisclosed location became a possible reality, many investigators decided to err to the side of caution and I don't blame them. Until that plane is found and confirmed, I believe many people will be on needles and pins. Some because they want closure for lost loved ones and others because they are just waiting for the next 9/11 type incident to occur.
@Paul, but do you not agree that with the confirmation that this piece of the wing section is from the plane, is that not closure? I would think so. If the impact was as violent as this piece represents, there will never be any body parts to be found, and what pieces there could have been, have been consumed by the local inhabitants of the ocean. While gross to think about, that is reality. Who knows how far this piece that was found traveled in the currents? It is horribly sad, but these people need to move on, their will be no happy reunion with their loved one on this earth.
Personally, I believe the plane is laying in the Indian Ocean....Somewhere in the Indian Ocean. But considering all that has been going on over the past decade or so, the hi-jacking scenario was brought up and resonated loudly with people and government officials. Is it a possibility that the plane was hi-jacked? Of course. Is it a possibility that it didn't crash? Without the wreckage being found you can't rule it out. Let's face it, they were not followed into the ocean by radar, the transponder was apparently turned off. As much as I believe the plane crashed, I also believe that until the wreckage is found no solid conclusion can be made. What if.... Just what if... that part was planted, the officials declare it a wreck and complete loss and the plane surfaces again. Bizarre, even unlikely, but it is a possibility and I would not want to be the person who has to explain that!
I have closely followed the disappearance. Some of the most brilliant minds in the world were on the flight. Would not surprise me if this were the reason for the disappearance. Possible highjacking for the reason of riddance.
You don't know the plane crashed violently. I said a long time ago someone took these people and then gave the plane a bath just like a sub sends up junk to fool everyone. If your going to steal.... steal big... right under everyones noses. Possibly these people were taken for their organs which relates to huge money lets say to ISIS. This what I said was done invisibly under everyones noses all around the globe and is still going on. I'm sorry I had to say that but it is part of a horrible reality no one wants to admit. Again I wish to sympathies my heart felt feeling with the family members with out hesitation straight on.
I get that they are looking for closure, but closure will not be found in traveling to this island in an attempt to see a piece of plane that is no longer even there. My heart breaks for them, but this is not the answer.
It was an airplane crash--what the hell difference does it make if they died on impact or had a soft landing and drowned? Dying quickly would have been better.
its not so funny to make fun of the tragedy
You people are #$%$ idiots.. you are talking about people living in China, not believing their own government.. they have every right to.. plus who are you, to tell someone how to grieve.. .. .
Kurt will also be at the reunion.
The ripped up edge is the tailing edge not where the flap was attached to the plane. Not evidence of a violent crash. Just the speed needed to keep the plane airborne might have shredded that trailing edge. Still, either way it went in the drink and they are all dead. Families expectations are way beyond reason but then denial isn't just a river in Egypt.
They all decided as a group wanting to go to this island. I think if they want to go allow them that. It may bring closure to some families. The families should be allowed that.
No use marching to Malaysian Embassy, they don't know anything. They get their news from France 24 and CNN.
I don't mean to be unfeeling or insensitive in light of the tragedy, but what is up with these families that, after more than a year, they are still unable to come to gripes with the reality that there is no possibility that their loved ones are still alive, that they are not somehow magically coming back? All they are doing is delaying their grieving process from beginning and, subsequently, prolonging their pain. Time to let it go.
shut up clown. you have no idea what you're talking about
A family member wants to look for his son's luggage??? I understand their frustration and grief, but the ocean is a vast and deep place. It's amazing any plane parts washed ashore at all, and it could have crashed a long way from Reunion Island. Didn't it take nearly a century for the sunken Titanic to be found? Maybe the only comfort these families will have is that their loved ones likely perished quickly.
It's a culture thing. There is no benefit to be gained by forcing a country or airline to take them to Reunion Island. The flapon is a small part of a large aircraft, whereabouts unknown. Maybe the families should request that the flapon be returned to Beijing and installed somewhere as a memorial? Makes more sense, if at all.
With all the passenger jets that have crashed in the Indian Ocean, how can they think the debris is not from a 777? and look at the basic currents in the Indian Ocean and it stands to reason if the plane crashed in the ocean it might have easily been washed up there.
Disbelieve is natural. And stupid. Nothing will change, ever.
I understand that these family are going through a hard time. However, after more than a year, I expect them to accept the reality of the event; that their love one have been perished that fateful night. Now, is not the time to cry or demand a trip to the island, which is not even the exact location of the crash. Now, is the time to sue the government as well as the airline corporation for due negligence and incompetence. Although, no amount of money can't bring back happiness to those family; however, this is the last option on the table. they all should go and see a lawyer now.
@Nelson: Sorry, that's not in their culture. Americans often times pick up and move on, but in many Asian cultures they do not do that. They'll grieve sometimes for years. It's not unheard of. And, for most of those that adhered to China's one child policy, they won't get another chance! Many times they are already too old, or have an injury, or have no technical skills to earn a living let alone raise another child! And, with their ONLY child as their retirement plan, that just went down on a plane, it's turns into a life changing event. Some will become homeless and destitute if they don't do something, and so, they aren't likely to let this issue go without compensation!
Thanks for sharing your insight with me about Asian culture. I Understand your point; However, based on their reactions; it's as if they still believe that their loves one are still alive out there. are Asian people hard to convince?
Sue the government for incompetence?? On what grounds? You must be a lawyer.
@ Brian C...Well, I think the Malaysian Government have mishandled the situation from the beginning, their slow response, their inability to disclose important information to these family very early on, that could have put to rest any idea of conspiracy theory or any delusion of hope. Since the events have been dragged for too long, this makes it look like the government is hiding something. As a result, most family still cling to hope that their loves one are still alive, it is the government fault for not giving them the hard facts since the beginning. Any stress, torment or delusion of hope that these families might be suffered of, is the fault of the government for not handle the situation in a professional and timely manner.
Sorry, but I am suspect when there is any organized march in China, as I see it staged by their communist government.
You don't demand anything of a communist government or you'll disappear.
Bizarre statements coming from delusional cray cray folks who refuse to accept reality. Very sad. Time for these folks to find spirituality & solace, and learn to accept what cannot be changed.
Just look at all of those “Blue Shirts” in the first picture!!! The Chinese government is getting this under control – QUICKLY!
The mayor of Saint-André also announced an inch-by-inch search of the coastline from Monday and said any passengers’ families who wished to travel to the island would be welcomed by locals. Book a flight
Probably not a good idea there, but you really can't stop them. They might just find something to take home with them and to heck with investigators they might say. But, if that is the place that some of the debris is going, and the families go there, then they are going to be there until their dying days waiting for it. They should get on with their own lives now and wait for what is found when the main body of the aircraft has been located some 2000 miles away. They should at least wait until the French have reported how long that piece of the wing has been in the water from what's on it. The lab testing will determine the age of the barnacles and the type, which I understand could tell them if it went down in colder waters which is where the searchers are looking now. But, I guess they can wait where they want. I'm just hoping these people aren't just taking advantage of Malaysia to fund the rest of their lives and transport them anywhere they choose or think a skeleton will wash up.
They are frre to go everywhere they want, no body is stopping them !
They are free to go everywhere they want, no body is stopping them ! Ohh, yeah, they want malaysian Airlines to pay for them :-))
Ha!! exactly what i was thinking.
If personal belongings are found by authorities, they will deliver it....for free.
It was been in the water since the plane crashed ... this is not rock science!
I feel so terrible for their loss. I spent some years in China, and met a lot of really nice folks, and I've seen how they are when they are grieving. They'll spend months in seclusion. Too sad.
I am very sorry for all the families that lost loved ones but nothing will bring them back. They need to grieve and try to somehow go on.
If this is in fact, authentically pieces of the plane MH Flight 370? Then how do we know these pieces were not planted there? I do not believe that we have all the facts of MH Flight 370. Nor do I believe it would take that long to have a piece of the wreckage, if it is in fact that of MH Flight 370. I have heard two reports on the lab tests. One that confirms this piece of that initially floated up on Reunion Island as part of MH Flight 370. And another that it is was inconclusive. The churning of the evidence is to placate a belief. I suspect another chapter of the documentary movie "Loose Change" will follow this who done it, what happened facade. That has turned this in to a continuing masquerade! Believe what you want. This will never be solved. Any story and any thing leading up to it can be fabricated and reinvented as much as is needed to settle the minds of question. History is full of lies!
i feel so sorry for these families... hope they will soon get some closure.
Yes, but I now wonder how many of them are really seeking something else.
What is wrong with everyone?? The French, US, etc, etc//you need a 3 week investigation to find out if it;s from MH 370??? What other 777 is missing ????Get over the conspiracy theories..your kin are gone, stop harassing the Embassies, Airlines..sue them instead. Thoughts are with ALL the victims, including my fellow Malaysians..a free trip to this island is not going to bring anyone back.. My opinion is that either the pilot or co-pilot did this...
if a member of my family is among them, I'd go too. that desperate to find them (anything from them) I would be too.
The government and airline messed up but they do not owe the families anything more and the families and government should just let all the debris be recovered and they can look over it after the investigation is finished and try staying calm. They are over-reacting.
From a PR standpoint, Malaysia has handled the crash and its aftermath very badly. But that said, the relatives of the Chinese passengers are apparently in lala land. The airplane crashed...everybody is gone. After a year, even their remains are likely gone or scattered. A trip to Reunion makes no sense as that is thousands of miles from where the airplane almost certainly crashed and there is nothing there to see. Encouraging anyone to pray for the safe return of MH370 is a cruel joke.
You are moron. Let's see if you'd be singing the same tune if it's your mother, father, sister, brother, children..etc. Damn, there are too many morons on this planet. Think before you speak. Smh! Whether they are dead or not, you never want to believe until you see some evidences. It's a coping method. Also, these families deserve/need a closer. It's not easy to lose your love one. Let alone losing it this tragic way. Be careful what you preach because karma is a #$%$.
tell us how would you handle the tragic situation better! how?
Justin, I speak from having lost close friends (more than one) in an airplane crash. I was sort of a zombie for a couple months, but at some point you have to come to grips with the fact that they are gone and you need to get on with your life.
Yue-Kuang, I assume you are referring to Malaysia's handling of the tragedy? They did just about everything wrong...withheld information, did not rush support to the relatives, seemed much more concerned about avoiding responsibility than taking charge of the problem, and most recently seemed to contradict the experts who were examining the recovered wreckage. Those are just the things that come immediately to mind...there were others. I assume this is because Malaysia has a very authoritarian government and it is a government run airline, so the default reaction was to try and do what they did...cover up and avoid blame.
"I want to see if my son's luggage is there." They didn't find luggage on the island. If they find a window three hundred miles away is it requisite to go to THAT island to see if son's luggage is there too? I understand the pain of losing a family member and the hope that lost luggage is a link to a lost one....but surely, one cannot expect someone to send family members to every site a piece of plane is found.
karma to c a & hers
Misty, are you communicating here? What are you trying to say honey?
Chinese mostly only have 1 kid, so if the kid is dead they have nobody. It's sad.
The was a piece of luggage found there.
It was born bizarre and is growing. This is the mother of black ops and cover up mistakes. This story will be in the CIA training books for years as a description of what not to do.
The way I see it, the wreckage found is one of 3 things: (1) totally unrelated flotsam from a different plane, (2) it's indeed from flight MH370, or (3) it's been planted there by the same people who made MH370 disappear into thin air to keep up the lie that the flight crashed. I mean, think about it, if somebody has the means, knowledge and power to make a Boeing 777 vanish, they also have the capability to age the piece of wreckage in question to make it look like the real thing.
U must be the guy who was climbing trees in the Santa Ana zoo.
@Jarron - It was a plane crash plain & simple. No UFO's abducted it; the passengers aren't being kept hidden on an island somewhere. THE...PLANE...CRASHED. How and why? Hard to say. We may never find out the answers to those questions. If the pilot took it way off course it's no wonder it's taken this long to find the pieces of the aircraft. The Indian Ocean is an incredibly deep & vast body of water. They had no idea in which direction to look. I feel alot of sympathy for the lost passengers & their surviving family members. Not knowing their fate and/or the whereabouts of their remains would drive me utterly insane.
The passengers were taken through a wormhole to the future where pollution and toxic waste have rendered the population sterile. Dead bodies were put in their place before the crash.
Kevin, been watching the movie "Millennium" lately, huh? :)
The way I see it, the wreckage found is one of 3 things: (1) it's indeed from flight MH370. (2) oh... there IS no number 2. (3) see number 2.
Everyone needs closure in their own way on family deaths. It is a little too much to ask that another government provide these people with a trip to a place where they may or may not find anything of note. Most of the items on this plane are at the bottom of the Indian Ocean somewhere. These people are still in the denial stage of morning and need to move on to the acceptance of what happened. Of course the media maybe blowing this way out of proportion, to get some headlines!
It is their gov owned airline.
How about the fact that at this point, the island itself is evidence and having hundreds of untrained people trampling over it is ill advised.
"Malaysia is the country responsible and they should obtain the relevant documents," This is still speculation at this point. You can't blame Malaysia and/or Malaysians for the crash until there is evidence to do so.
Maybe Malaysia can provide another aircraft piloted by another Taliban. Flight MH-370-II.
I see all of you who seems to understand the feelings of these families better than the families themselves. Has any of you ever lose a love one, someone who may have disappeared into the wilderness or suffered brain death but still showing some signs of life? Have you read about cases here in the US where someone suffered brain death and yet the family refuses to accept that that person has died? You guys talk like a bunch of ignorant Americans.
I JUST commented on that lol.. Most of the comments are how it would be senseless for them to visit the island and should just accept it.. telling other people how to grieve .. wow..
Gee... yes, to all of your questions, PL. But what does whining and sniveling and weeping accomplish EIGHTEEN MONTHS LATER? And why are WE the ignorant one's simply because WE'RE the one's who accept the FACTS and don't hold on to conspiracy theories and bizarre plots that suspend the laws of physics/medicine/mathematics/common sense? There's not ONE alternative theory that would even pass the most rudimentary scientifically based smell test! NOT ONE! Unless dooshbags like you and Louise think that aliens from Mars or Lemurians from deep inside Mt Shasta used their Scientology based ray guns on the plane and levitated it to Superman's Fortress of Stupid! Give it up, they're deader than disco.
What do they hope to accomplish? If they really do believe it's a conspiracy and cover-up, then do you think the government will go out of their way to willingly take you to see the evidence?
I do not think I would want to take a trip to Reunion Island on Malaysian Airlines.
The problem is there is no coordination between the nations involved. While French authorities declared that there is "strong presumption" that the debris is from MH370 and "further analysis will be undertaken," the prime minister of Malaysia declared that "We are 100% sure this is from MH370." Why is there such confusing messages? Why PM of Malaysia had to call the press conference before French authorities did? It is the French investigators who are investigating the debris, not Malaysia. Only one party, France, should be in charge of disseminating information to the public. I cannot blame MH370 victims because they are getting all sorts of confusing messages from different governments. Let France handle the case from this point.
Your missing the big picture. How many 777's have EVER crashed in the Indian ocean? Only one that people know of. Yes, it is OBVIOUSLY from that flight and it could only be turned around by experienced pilots who know how to handle the onboard computer. There are many experienced Islamist terrorists and the governments have been slowing the investigation to allow a 'cooling off' period so the angry people won't start a Religious riot.
@Happy: your post is crazy. There is nothing related to extremists or like that. It is called professional conduct.
Simple answer: the Malaysian prime minister wanted credit and be the first to announce the findings. The French been professionals, we're waiting official confirmation although they knew with certainty what the findings indicated.
Have you ever seen a politician who would stop talking?
The Malaysians could have more evidences than France, of course their PM could reach and announce the conclusion earlier than France. For example, the serial numbers and manteance record and special markers belong to Malaysian airline and the airport. May be Malaysians do have more information than France in this area. If you can confirm a unique serial number, then its rock hard seal the deal close the book conclusive evidences.
The Malaysian government is seriously out of touch with reality. That was clear to me 20 years ago. He's just under pressure to get 'resolution.' He thinks he can just say something and it all goes away. With domestic issues, this usually works for him.
@Lynda, no matter how is the coordination between the nations involved, there is no reason justifying the actions of the Chinese by requiring the Malaysian Airlines/government to organize a trip for them to the Reunion.
The Malaysian transport ministry said the paint colour and a maintenance seal were matches for MH370 flaperon. Also its only 777 that crash in indian Ocean. The probability this thing come from MH370 is like 99 percent.
It was an accident. It happened and nothing will change it. Going to the Reunion wont bring back anyone disappeared on the plane to life. They need to get real.
Come on people, get real. If pieces of the plane are found in 5 continents and 50 countries, do you have to go each one! Especially if no bodies are found.
The plane crashed everyone died. Until they locate the wreckage on the ocean floor and recover the flight recorders nothing will ever be known. A trip to the island will not change that.
These poor people are totally and completely blinded by grief and not thinking rationally. They just don't want to believe what they're being told. I can't even imagine the grief they're going through, but they seem to show it in very strange ways... Fainting? They want WHO to pay for them to fly and stay at this island and scour for luggage? If they want to go, then they should go themselves...
Classic examples of people going through the stages of grief. Lots of anger at this point.
I understand that they're upset, but what exactly do they want the searchers to do differently? Thousands of people have been scouring the ocean looking for this plane. They want to be flown out to this island to pick through garbage on the off-chance that one of the few debris pieces floated all those miles to land on shore? And looking for a son's luggage on the island is just morbid and ridiculous. The Malaysian government is searching as hard as anyone for the plane so they can get answers.
Jt, what they want is not to be given the run around, they want malasyia to pull their heads out of their #$%$ and be frank with them.
How can Malaysia be any more frank with them? The government there probably knows just as much as anyone else at this point; no one knows where this plane is or what happened yet. I don't see how the families can expect a definite answer when Malaysian officials have none to give
My heart breaks for these families. I cannot imagine what they have gone through and are continuing to go through. I am guessing the families want to search themselves on the island in the hopes that they find a piece of jewelry or a shirt or a wallet or some piece of something that perhaps an uninvolved searcher would pass up as junk. It makes the families feel like they are doing "something" when, in reality, there is nothing they can do. Knowing you will never know what truly happened to your loved one has to be one of the saddest things that can happen. May God give you all strength.
I agree, Mary, but they can't just demand that the Malaysian government flies everyone out there. If they want to fly out there themselves, then of course they should feel free to go do that and search the beach with a fine-tooth comb. But I really think they need to lay off the demands that the government should bend to their every whim. Everyone is trying hard to find this plane so we all know what happened and they can have closure. And I, of course, sympathize with their plight, but this is not the Malaysian government's fault
So here's what really happened. They landed safely on a secret island, unboarded and someone hacked the plane and flew it by remote control back into the ocean. Either that or an alien mothership took the passengers from the plane and dumped the rest of the plane back. But at least everyone is safe somewhere.
They want to go to Reunion why?
Didn't they accept the $1M payout and sign a release against future lawsuits? Just like most of the relatives of 9-11 'victims'. Ted Olson even re-married his wife, who was supposedly killed on flight 77. Plastic surgery might have changed her appearance, but not her DNA.
Oh geez another 911 conspiracy theorist. Most of you people have the intelligence of a peanut.
You watch too much Faux News
Finding the Plane wreckage, it's like pouring salt into the wound of the victims family members. I know that finding the wreckage also will give the family some closure, but it's going to be extremely painful to relive the feelings that you felt when the crash originally was reported. Rest in Peace..
It's sad that the Chinese think the Malaysian government is lying to them, while they are blind to the lies their OWN government publishes daily.
Is this an Asian thing, or am I being culturally insensitive? The people who were on that flight are dead. There are no other missing 777s, ergo this piece must be from MH370. "The Truth is out There", and that truth says that the conspiracy theorists are going to be disappointed once again. Even Mulder can't argue his way out of this one. How the heck is flying relatives of the dead to a remote island where a bit of debris washed ashore going to help them have "closure"? If my daughter disappeared tomorrow and I end up having no news about her for a year and a half, I might still be looking for closure. But if a piece of a plane that I know that she was on washes up on shore, then I have closure.
Some do and some don't. But at the end of the day, we can't blame them for asking.
It's a Communist Chinese thing, "I demand this and I demand that" sense of entitlement.
And I'm sure Reunion Island wants 300+/- relatives combing over the Island destroying their waterfronts and absconding with possible evidence.
Maybe they think the natives can at least tell them what happened. All they need is one who speaks Chinese.
Yes ... it is some kind of bizarre cultural thing.
Slants are weird Budditards. Christians can never understand their crazy ways.
It's true; it crashed and it's very unlikely that anyone survived. But, be considerate. Remember these people were only allowed to have one child.
Better they were not allowed to have any. Then nobody would have been killed.
A typical American thing? You are an idiot. Read the story. They are demanding it. This is not Mao's China anymore.
The loss of the loved ones is tragic. Having said that, at some point you have to accept that the plane went down and your loved ones are gone. No one is trying to cover anything up. Even if you go to Reunion, just what do you expect to see or find. Do you not think that the beaches have been thoroughly searched? Irrational behavior is not going to help you get past this.
That's the only 777 to go down in the Indian Ocean that I know of.
With think that these people would want to see the final resting place of their relatives and leave a memorial to them.
Reunion Island is not their final resting place. It's just where a piece of wreckage washed up. That plane went down thousands of miles away. Junk and debris will be washing up all over the Indian Ocean for years.
It is a symbol, something more tangible than the vast Indian Ocean. Since they have been told so many stories I don't blame them though.
Why are the Chinese always protesting other governments? Oh that's right - if they try to protest against The Party they vanish in the middle of the night- never to be seen again...
What's the point of flying over there when there are no personal belongings being found.
You can understand why these folks would have conspiracy theories. Conspiracies in this part of the world are not imaginary.
Because so many of them are experts in airplane wing design, forensics, and oceanic drift.
Unfortunately, they got lost along the way and were never found.
reporters: stop milking the victim family for sympathy ,there are no place for the victim family in the island ,they are going to cry until the great wall of china crumbles to the ground?
Please don't ask the USA to help, you have already broke us.
Suppressed us please. Repress is an intransitive verb.
I can't imagine what it's like to lose a loved one, especially a son or daughter. I assume the grief must be overwhelming, and finding the truth (or fervently hoping the apparent truth is not the reality) is probably what keeps many people going. That being said - this is a little crazy, demanding to be sent to the island to look for evidence for themselves? I'm guessing these people are not aviation or forensic experts. Even if they did go, and let's say they did find airplane parts, what could they possibly conclude that hasn't already been concluded by the rest of us? If they found no parts, would they conclude that the plane didn't crash and continue with their conspiracy theories? Very sad situation, and I hope to never be in their shoes.
Who's stopping them? Oh wait, they don't want to pay for it.
Maybe an all-expense paid vacation? Seriously, though, do the families think they will find closure if they see a piece of the airplane? Maybe....to each his own. It's been over a year, you'd think they moved on with their lives. But maybe these are the same people who went to Malaysia, stayed in hotel for over a month waiting for news/info about their loved ones. Meals, hotel, airfare paid for by the Malaysian Airlines. Time for another vacation....
Now compare this with the German Airliner that crashed in Southern France, that is called civilized,transparent,and honest, for the most part, not in the news, the part I am referring to is how the relatives are treated.
I'm wondering if malasyia has apologized for their role in screwing up this whole situation?
They have a different belief system, it may give them some kind of closure there if they do what their culture does...either way, I feel bad for all who lost their loved ones, may they find peace in their heart soon...
We want a FREE beach vacation. Kind of Pathetic. The living need to get over this tragedy. The truth will be found in a few years when they finally find the 777 on the ocean bottom
As of January 2015, Boeing 777 has been in 13 aviation accidents and incidents, including five hull-loss accidents, and three hijackings, for a total of 540 fatalities. British Airways, had fire damage to the lower wing panels and engine housing.January 17, 2008, British Airways Flight 38, crash-landed in Heathrow airport. Two momentary losses of thrust occurred in February and November 2008. second hull-loss occurred on July 29, 2011, EgyptAir Flight 667 had a cockpit fire while parked at the gate at Cairo International Airport. Hull loss involving fatalities on July 6, 2013, Asiana Airlines Flight 214, crashed while landing at San Francisco International Airport. March 8, 2014, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, was missing. On July 17, 2014, Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, bound for Kuala Lumpur from Amsterdam broke up and crashed.
Thank you for your extensive history lesson on the Triple 7. Please explain now, how this is relevant to Malaysian families wanting to visit Reunion Island. Troll.
@Buster Hymen MH370 is a Boeing 777 plane! I hope this answer your question. Boeing 777 may have one of its accident and crush into ocean.
In recent chinese capsized cruise ship that killed about 400 chinese, i dont see any of them exhibit this kind of behavior...... all of the victims family acted orderly and calmly... is it because they are obeying the govt NOT to act stupid? the chinese are such obedient dogs, they only act when the master (the govt) issue a command.
It's been a year and a half. These people should just let it go. Their relatives perished in that plane crash and aren't coming back. When they get over the grieving process, they will be better off. And, if by some absolute miracle any of those people are alive, their family members will see them again eventually. Otherwise, desperately (and, in my opinion, insanely) hanging on to the slightest thread of hope to the point where they march on the Malaysian embassy is really pathetic.
It's hard to see such delusion after so much time has gone by. Reason would tell you that your loved one would probably give you a call if still alive. So sad they dwell on such emotions. That picture of them still reeling is heartbreaking. I told my husband that I most probably wouldn't head to the airport and be in public if that happened. Why?
I think most of the families were holding on to the notion that they landed on Fantasy Island.
Yeah, not much of a "reunion". Maybe their misunderstanding the word??
Are they all liberals? Blacks? They're all MARCHING AND DEMANDING, I can't think of what else they could be.
You sound like a real piece of work there Bob.. Let me guess you are white and entitled ?
Are they demanding a vacation? Sorry, but they are all dead folks.
I can only imagine the pain and FRUSTATION that these people must be going thru, it is unbelievable the incompetence of the Malaysian "ntsb", today they say one thing, tomorrow they say another and no one seems to be in charge of anything. Boy am I glad to live in the U.S. , sure, we have our moments too, perhaps more " moments " more often that we would like but still we are light years ahead of most nations when it comes to investigating a commercial airliner accident.
Frustration with what exactly? The plane crashed into the ocean and everyone aboard is dead. Nothing is going to change that.
"The Chinese government has only repressed us. Look at all the police here.. " LOL I guess all these years they've been blinded by money and wealth to care about the evil repressive Communist regime...until now??
Malaysian Air has a 777 ready to take them there now...
and no insurance companies will accept policy purchases
There you go! Demand a trip so you can trample the beach and destroy any evidence that might have washed up. Do you think you might see a family member wash up alive?
I wouldn't want to go there! What's the point? Airline accidents happen daily and we know it. This was a tragic accident but life has to go on for the survivors. A lot of lives lost but we have to face reality. Nothing can bring them back. Grieve and let it go. We sympathize with you wholeheartedly.
Next they will all be wanting a submarine tour of the area.
I don't mean to be insensitive but what's with these Chinese people? Other nationalities also lost their loved ones in the same plane crash, but you don't see them doing weird things or acting unreasonable like these Chinese people. You don't see the Chinese protest when their government go rob other Asian neighboring countries.
Cripes, I thought Americans were unreasonable in their demands but this bunch takes the cake. It would do NO good for these people to go to this island and wander a beach, except to get a vacation at another country's expense.
They want a free holiday to Reunion. There's nothing there to see, the flaperon is in France. Surprised they aren't demanding to be sent to Toulouse. I would hate to be the one to deal with these people, they're incredibly ignorant and unreasonable.
Free Vacation. Thats what these people really want. They have no need to go there and see anything. They just want to get out of China and have Malaysia flip the bill.
looking for a Free Vacation,are we? Please don't allow the Chinese there unless you want Feces all over the Beaches. Should ask how the Chinese relatives of the missing plane passengers were leaving feces in the Hallways of the Hotels in Malaysia. Thai airways also Banned 50 Chinese passengers last year for taking Dumps in the aisles of Planes because the Bathrooms were occupied.
What a load of #$%$. I would like a paid vacation to Reunion Island too. Your relatives are all DEAD and have been for over a year. Quit the dramatics and trying to milk as much as you can from this tragedy.
Terrible situation, but what... do these people really want to fly in the same airline and plane that was the death of their loved ones? They would be reunited right away flying that #$%$ airliner...
These Chinese family members are not acting reasonably. What good is it going to send the family members to the island? After all, some of the same family members are refusing to even acknowledge that the airplane part which washed up came from MH370.
Why has to be Chinese? At least it showed that they are really care about their family! It is illogical to think that next day is the same when you lost your love one especially to those that has only child, only financial supporter.... Do you know what is like when your Daddy, the only one that support your family, the only income to keep everyone alive, had gone and never come back??? Put yourself in that situation before throwing out your uneducated, immoral comments like this!
Standard compensation from an airline to the passengers family is $175,000. Why cant the families book their own flight and organize their own search? This amount is a base standard immediate payout, before they get their #$%$ sued.
These people believe that their relatives were the victims of some sort of conspiracy, so they want to all board MH371 to find their relatives. I suggest that they should be careful what they wish for.
If the plane is in the middle of the ocean somewhere what in hades good is it to go to an island? Just drop them mid flight and they can swim to the plane. I can imagine grief, but stupidity is just stupidity.
I'm sorry for their loss but these people need to move on. The Malaysian government needs to turn the investigation over to the Australians or the French as they have proven they are incompetent.
Let me get this straight, THEY WANT MALAYSIA AIR to fly them to Reunion Island, have I got this right? After the multiple downings of their aircraft in the past few years, they want to haul their rears on one of their flights, after their LOVED ONES were killed on a previous one? All righty then.
Let them go, but on their on dime. For some it's just a sightseeing trip.
Greedy Chinese looking for a free holiday.
They're so rich they should pay for the trip themselves.
Maybe they can find Amelia Earhart while they are there. They can buy tickets anywhere they want to go but taking them there and letting them interfere is nuts.
eh, typical Chinese government who doesn't give a damn about anything that doesn't benefit them.
Chinese government has been instrumental in getting them answers and help from the get go. Its Malaysia who has been shady in the families minds.
@Err so what you're trying to say is that the Chinese government should have resurrected the not-to-be-found bodies from the dead yea?
Can you all say to the 9/11 to move on and to forget? Can you are all survive when your Daddy, Mommy or someone that is only sole financial support to the entire family didn't come back?? What would you do then? Put yourself in their shoes before commenting whether they are Chinese or not? Its obvious that Malaysia airline had not learned a thing from this disaster, they had another and another to save costs over life of the passengers! So don't tell the people not to grief and get over it, because it is not over when their love one has not yet been found!
So what are they gonna do after reaching the island, stare each other faces?
What good would it do to go that island, really. There's no telling how many hundreds of miles that plane part drifted before the currents took it to that island.
The time for these folks to move on was a long time ago. Not being insensitive, just realistic. The dead are dead, and they are not coming back anytime soon.
These people seem to be under the influence of extreme disassociation from reality.
Seriously, these people keep demanding more and more! What if some debris by passes those Island and end up in south Africa, will they also want a free trip there? Falkland Islands? Argentina? Hawaii? Sure why not, give them all free vacations! I think not!
Yikes! What do these people want? I have a hard time grasping why they can't accept that the plane crashed and everybody died .. I would come to that conclusion 48 hours after the disappearance!
Somebody needs to show these people a map and explain the extreme odds of any more chunks being found. The plane and everyone on it are gone, marching, protesting and all the drama will not change that. Yes this is a tragic loss, but somebody needs to help the families gain some realistic perspective on the situation.
These families are in denial and are getting very annoying.
After what happened to their family in the MH370 crash, they would still want to take their chance on another Malaysian plane? They should rather take a boat this time.
The Chinese people have been oppressed for so long they no longer believe a word that anyone in authority tells them.
Sounds like people in all countries///
RadCatRuss63 - it is so true. You have to live there to understand the reasons behind this behavior. So sad...
The Chinese demands are very unrealistic. Malaysia and officials did not disappear this plane. The harsh attitude by the Chinese is out of line. It's not as if nothing is being done. Granted, grief is so devastating to all humans. Stay away. There is nothing you can do except get in the way.
Such dispair over the loss of a fellow human yet they will throw a puppy in boiling water without a care then eat it. Why is it that so many humans only care about the well being of their same type? Being that humans are the most intelligant life form currently on earth we should take pitty on the less intelligant creatures not take advantage.
Somebody must have told those Asians that the embassy workers could bring the dead back to life! Interesting!
what a bunch of money grubbing idiots. no doubt they all cashed in big time. if they want to fly to the site of washed up wreckage, let them pay for the trip. I think Malaysian airlines has suffered enough.
Snorted hot coffee out my nose when I read your post. Great joke !!
If they set a precedent, in future families of victims of every crash will demand that they be taken to crash site at State cost...
Are you kidding me? This is beyond ridiculous.
Why is it just the Chinese contingent of families that are acting so melodramatic? Must be low education, inability to process information, lack of trust, superstitions and conspiracy beliefs. Sure, both the Malaysian and Chinese governments have performed poorly over this incident but wow, the Chinese families are over-the-top.
The commie4s have to allow at least ONE protest. May as well be one at another country's expense.
More likely than not, the one child policy rule in china has taken a toll on these families.
While we can have sympathies to these people, it is not reasonable on their part to ask for a free ride to reunion island. The MH370 story has gone too far now.
If this had happened to black families there would not be cops trying to restrain them it would be their lawyers and it would not be in front of the airlines office it would be in front of the Cadillac dealer.
now I know media can skew perception with what they choose to post or show but this seems to be a bit over dramatic. A tragic story yes but is the Chinese culture really this over dramatic?
I get grief ... lost my nephew, who I had helped raise, three years ago in a car accident. But these people need to come to grips and back off. Although Malaysian officials have said this wreckage is that of MH370, the French are disupting it. And all investigators need is a bunch of people standing around all over the island incapable of handling their emotions as adults. Geez, how about finding some spines and stiff upper lips for these people.
really? another year of protests? The families of MH370 would have never known what happened to that plane, if the parts hadn't washed up on Reunion Island. So, does this mean that every time plane parts wash up somewhere the protests are going to start again? At least now, the families know, that the plane crashed and there is no hope for survival.
These families have had a year and a half to cope with what happened to their loved ones. Some military families never get to know what happened to their family members. For them to be crawling in the street after 18 months is ridiculous. The world doesn't revolve around you. Grow up.
These families are putting themselves through self-induced mental torture. Unfortunately, this situation is completely out of their control. As hard it as it sounds, the unbearable thing to do is wait and confirm that this is the plane, and then demand action, or wait for direction. May God bless them in their search for the truth and may their minds and hearts continue to heal.
What is wrong with these overly dramatic people? This event happened over a year ago and they're still collapsing to the ground in shock? Give me a break. Probably all for the cameras.
These people cry so easily about anything and would find any excuse to, all they want is a fortnights holiday on Reunion paid for by the company and they will be down on the beach calling out the names of the people on board the plane.
Demand a trip to that tiny little island? Hahahaha, if they want to go then they should make a Chinese junk and paddle there themselves because the Malays owe them nothing...
I think the US government should pay for me to spend a week in Hawaii this winter because I lost my wallet there in 1966 while in the hospital.
This from a culture that routinely horribly abuses animals. They disgust me.
Ridiculous. Move on for goodness sake.
I understand their pain and need for answers but.....they want to find their son's luggage? Are these people not very intelligent or something? Are they even listening to the news that they are already scouring the island? Did they read that it could take years for another piece of wreckage to wash up there or anywhere? The whole world is focused on the news of this plane. But the ocean is gigantic, 1000's of miles in diameter and 36,000 feet deep. The wing is from a Boeing 777. Only one Boeing 777 is missing. Therefore the wing belongs to the downed plane. They really can't expect the airline to fly them to every island where pieces of debris appear for the rest of their lives. Can they? Yes the Malaysian government are idiots, but a coverup??? For what? Do they really think the plane is in enemy hands and the Malaysian government knows that their loved ones are being held in slavery somewhere? I"m glad I'm not the Malaysian embassy right now.
I'm sorry, I accidentally hit the thumbs down! It won't let me undo it. I give your comment a big thumbs up!
This is what the average Chinese citizen does in lieu of obtaining legal representation to file a strong and lucrative class action lawsuit. China and Malaysia pay nothing compared to the USA.
Why that's so upright of you, Kris10. Here, let me add a thumbs up to you and Eve...THERE!
It's the pain and helplessness Chinese people feel in China so they blame the Malaysian government when they ought to be addressing the airlines.
this is the dichotomy of the chinese. they are silent when it comes to their govt's atrocities that's why they raise hell elsewhere.
Amazing how the Chinese can be so smart and also so dumb. Didn't they accept the $1M payout and sign a release against future lawsuits? Just like most of the relatives of 9-11 'victims'. Ted Olson even re-married his wife, who was supposedly killed on flight 77.
They're uneducated which equates to the term "farmers" in China.
Its not that they are uneducated or anything like that. They are in a state of denial. They refuse to believe that their relatives are gone. They refuse to believe that the plane crashed. These people are hurting and i truly feel for them. Their minds will work to make the people think of any reason why Malaysia airlines is lying, because they want their relatives back again. It might be ridiculous but they did lose their relatives. If i lost any of my boys or my little girl on that plane, i wouldnt believe it either.
"1000's of miles in diameter" In diameter?? Really?? Why? Because our planet is round??
Listen - to some people it may sound stupid to find the luggage. Did you ever stop to think that maybe when the son left home he left nothing behind? was a poor farmers son or something to this nature and took everything he owned with him such as clothes etc. Maybe they want to find the luggage because that would be the last material items associated with their son and they want atleast some piece of him if they dont find his body. Its easy to generalize people as dumb but you should first ask the question why. In my humble opinion i think they are still in too much grief to let everything of their son go. No parent wants to bury their children my good sir. Please think of this.
@HavoC. Absolutely agree with you. Who are you asking to think? Ignorant Americans? (not all Americans are ignorant)
Their government censors EVERYTHING. Just look at that cruise ship that capsized in the Yangtze. I don't blame these people for wanting answers; their government censors things that, to me, make no sense. I don't think that, as Americans, we can really comprehend how suppressed information is in that country.
eve - alive & held somewhere is prossible if not probable - at this day & age eve not very intelligent? when you are grieving you are not calm - chinese top civilization chinese top race karma to eve & hers
ste they should hire some american or british to sue
la karma to you & yours
b b pity them - so helpless
h c - top brain top heart - donate your sperms - more people like you the known deadly people/race extinct or world extinct - don't make any more of those
er - "not all" is understood when you are talking about a group/race
s o all govt lie - ameriran govt lie to you that china is most suppress & usa most open google - world news - history channel documentary (all though info come out only after decades - like the san fransico fog/disease that govt spray into the air - got many sick & one death) - the media is govt mouth piece - they control what we think of china - they are preparing us to hate/war china - asia pivot/contain china
"Eve," they are dumber than Mexican's, so the answer to your question is NO!
mexican's is not a person - no brain - so fr stupid chinese top civilization chinese top race chinese biggest vocabulary so chinese most intelligent - so fr stupid don't be mad - i'm not even chinese nor have chinese inlaws - just disgusted at a people so bash unceasingly for nothing - just govt wanting us to hate chinese to prepare us for their war - asia pivot/kill asian whole sale - contain china/jealous low won't let others rise - don't like being sick greedy evil american - if can afford the decitizen fee would fock out of here in an instant google, world news, history channel - not american media
The plane was likely hacked. If it was, that information would be devastating to the world's travel industry. I also suspect that derailed train was hacked. That's why that story has been buried... This is why the conspiracy theorists call you fools just as often. "The bottom line is the perfect place to start." ~yetanothervoice
Anything dependent on a computer can be hacked. Every computer has 65,535 ways to be hacked. This is why there will never be a revolution of man vs machine. No man will ever be able to write a program to prevent the access of all 65,535 ports. Therefore, no machine will ever be impervious to the attacks of a beginner hacker.
Chinese relatives of passengers aboard flight MH370 marched to Malaysia's embassy in Beijing, demanding to be taken to Mustique for a 3-week vacation.
I will give you the benefit of doubt that grief has clouded your senses, no gov in their right mind is going to start shipping anyone and everyone who wants to go, whenever a piece of wreckage is found, RIP, but you must move forward
karma to m y & his
These people are going off the deep end. I understand they're grieving, but give me a break. They want to go to Reunion Island and "look for themselves"? What does that even mean? Look at what? The wing section drifted for, maybe, thousands of miles. Some are wearing shirts with "we pray for the safe return of MH370". All they're doing is adding to their own misery, since they refuse to accept and move on.
OMG, it's been well over a year ago this happened, let it go already. I get the fact that they lost relatives, BUT IT WAS OVER A YEAR AGO, and they look like they just got the news! COME ON people, yeah everyone is watching so ham it up as much as you can, demand a trip at government expense, and make sure you start crying whenever your picture in being taken.
Would you want to fly with Malaysia Airlines anywhere?
Have flown with them many times over the world from my base in Hong Kong. They are a fantastic airline with excellent service, promptness and immaculate flight attendants. They are on a par with all of the major Asian carriers, which are excellent. I've flown a few of your American carriers also, United, Delta and US airlinesw, to name a few. NEVER AGAIN, if I can avoid it.
Why have these families lost their collective mind? The passengers are dead at the bottom of the ocean. That's it.
You live in China! You are lucky that your government doesn't arrest you and make you work in slave factories before they harvest your hair and organs.
Will they be flying on Malaysian airlines? :-) Me thinks not
Finally, a protest the Chinese government allows.
Chinese government is a joke. They do not care their people. Only steal, hack, bribery, bullying neighbors that chinese xi is good at...Xi has billions Chinese. Xi does not care but himself.
Are you SURE you're not talking about the american government?
How sad this desperate attempt for families to want to go to an Island that is thousands of miles from the actual crash and ocean grave of their loved ones...how sad indeed.
When the families start rioting and burning everything down, blame the white man and demand reparations and free phones, then the world will understand what America goes through every time some punk a$$ ghetto thug gets killed trying to murder someone.
It's hard to imagine how these families feel and I've tried to have empathy towards how they must feel. That being said; no matter what happened they need to accept that their family members are dead and they are never coming back. They are not being held as hostages on some deserted island. I hate to say it but they are become a annoying.
Wait till something happens to your family.....then you'll think about what you have just said......go embrace your wife, your kids and give thanks......if you have nothing kind to say just shut up
@Ozhero; telling me to shut up isn't kind, yet, you are typing, that's called being a hypocrite. I have family lost and two of my three best friends lost to the Gulf war. I didn't say anything mean, their family members are dead and they do need to accept it just as anyone who has experience lost needs to accept the lost for their own benefit.
Thank you. I had no intentions on being kind. Well the part on how they were becoming annoying......good job with your kind words.......how can you blame them when the Malaysian Govt has been so wishy washy.......You have only tried to have empathy.....just tried......the rest of it you are annoyed because they are seeking answers. Thank you hypocrite.
Good if you had no intentions of being Kind, then who are you to lecture me. Define hypocrite because their is nothing hypocritical in my statement only yours. My annoying comment is only in the very short last sentence. The people on the flight have been missing for over a year. Wanting answers and thinking they are alive are two very different things. If you can't understand, I'm sure it's not your first time. You have nothing nice to say, yet, you keep typing, get a mirror.
I am sorry for the families beside dealing with their loses having to deal with Najib aka Malaysia goverment. Najib will do what his dim wit mind think he feel like doing devoid of empathy or compassion and sensitivity. Malaysians are trying to get rid of him but to no avail yet.
Nuts. Debris are going to be found in many places, Africa, Madegascar, maybe even in the south pole. Your family member is gone, move on.
Wow. Who knew the Chinese were so irrational. A trip to Reunion Island? Really? And, what, you're still thinking maybe your relatives are still alive? Hanging out somewhere? Being held hostage by bad guys who aren't asking for a ransom?
If the families are in disbelief, who can really blame them? During the search, they found what might have been from 370 many times and were always let down. It amazed me at how many pings there were, etc., but they never turned out to be anything. Not only are the families grieving, but doing so in an oppressive country. Don't blame them too much...I will say, though, that if they want to go to Reunion Island, maybe it would be best if they didn't. It might just be that much harder on them. I also think they should pay for it themselves if they do go.
They really need to come to terms with what happened. The airline should be providing counseling, rather than a trip to the island.
Do they REALLY want to risk getting on a PLANE to be taken to the island? Well, maybe they will demand to be taken there by a cruise ship and we all know how safe THEY are.
Malaysian Government handling this very poorly.... They lied and was trying to cover up for Malaysian Airline! Too many accidents and still no system in place to show that anything had change from the airline! People have the right to go after them and the right to know what Government is planning to do to find their love one! So far, Malaysian Government just swept it all under the carpet ! This is not right! I will do anything to find out if my love one was on that flight !
The search has never stopped for MH370. The plane is gone and the people are dead, get over it.
Malaysian government is still hundred times better than Chinese Commie Gov. Get the facts straight!
20 years later family still hopes plane is found lol what a bunch of hopeless losers!
I can't even begin to imagine the pain these people are feeling. I can understand their frustration though. They want more information on what happened to their loved ones, and I don't blame them. But - sometimes you have to look at the facts and you have to accept and move on.
I always find it curious that "they" can tell us what is on the Moon, Venus, Pluto, etc. but seem to have great difficulty in telling us what is in their own back yard, this wing just as a for instance.
Serial numbers, I want serial numbers. Surely anyone faking the debris could fake the serial numbers.
I understand grief, but this is a little overboard isn't it? It actually is heartbreaking to see! It won't help to go there, if you were to find your relatives pieces of luggage then what, they aren't going to let you take it home! So very sad, my parayers go out to all of them, hopefully one day they can find peace!
They should offer them a ride on a Malaysian Airline.
Yeah I heard is nice at this time of year there. I suggest, no demand, that Malaysia government to fly me there; in ordered to verify what am reading is true. I too, want to see the luggage there. I want to see the truth, not Yahoo, AFP, or Malaysia government telling me bogus lies; and no I will not pay out of my own expense. As I suffered deliriously from reading the unthruth.
Yes there is a conspiracy. Thankfully Yahoo is covering it. Why do these folks want to go to this island? If it is to discover/conspiracy then all can be hidden from view. Sad that many find it difficult to accept loss. More so is those that take advantage of it. Huh Yahoo.
To the people thumb down on my comment! We are talking about wife losing husband, parent losing child, widow and family were destroyed by this weird accident. Try tell this to your wife, husband when your child was missing, tell this to your wife, husband that get over it ! The least that they could do is updating the information to the love one and let them know that they are still searching for an answer! You are all talk whatever you wanted until it happened to you and your family... Then your faces would be all the same!
To the person who thumbed down on you it must be a punk kid or equivalent don't let that get to you.
Do you think no one else has ever suffered similar and even more pain? We grieve and, even grieve for years, but we learn to go on with life.
It's always awful to lose a loved one, especially in a situation like this where there is so little closure. That said, the relatives need to accept and move on. Their loved ones are gone and they are still alive. Sometimes life works like that....
If he Malaysian govt. does allow and give them the means with which to reach Reunion, I hope they don't fly on a Malaysian airline.
No, it MUST BE a Malaysian airline!
i feel terrible for anyone who loses a family member or friend in a tragedy like this. i feel extra bad for anyone who lives in a country that censors its citizens.
You people are morons. When you lost a love one. You are in shocked and would never believe it unless you see the actual body. Unless, they found the bodies, these families will never have any closer and able to move on with their lives. It's only proven that you people are sad and have no love or care for; or are loved. That's why you don't understand it. Let's see if you'd be singing the same tune if it's your family members. Smh! Remember: KARMA IS A #$%$.
In china, 1980 to 2000. Every month in china, a passenger plan crash, Your communist media, completely blocks it out, jails all journalists who reports it. Just last month your Beijing jails 80 human rights lawyers and made them disappear. Now a foreign country jetline disappears. And you commie allow media to be posted all over the world??? Such double standards. So disgusting!
I feel their pain, but the Chinese now are so demanding. They want this, they want that...Look at what they are treating their neighbors. It's a different Chinese as I knew before.
this gives us two insights into China, first these grieving families totally not connected to reality, evidently have been sheltered and manipulated so much in their lives they just do not know the truth when they hear it. and the report that Chinese police go to the homes of the families and stop them from giving interviews. What a F'ed up country.
its amazing that the police go to their house to stop them from giving interviews yet here they are giving interviews.
u are a pinoy! the truth is Chinese have always been facing racism from malays, pinoys,japanese , europeans, hindus, burmese..
Why all the security? Because Beijing is paranoid about any group of people on the streets causing a "disturbance." They fear an Arab Spring type movement here in China. Kim.. hahaha you are funny.. Kill anymore relatives lately?
Yeah it is en effed country. They create drama everywhere they + they're rude and expect people to give way to them and kowtow to their every wish and command. Wish that the world would stop giving them so much attention. This will make them go all imperialistic on us again like they did in the good ole dynasty days. No wonder the Japanese and Koreans disliked them so much back in the day.
Jelly farm, its not just chinese that are like that. I see filipinos, whites, and blacks who think they're privileged, especially the old white and filipino farts...old black folks seems to be more humble when they get older and its the young black folks who act like they are the only one on this planet that is important.
Reading all these comments....i mean, i'm truly at a loss for words. when i read the article, i thought the families were still delusional as well, wanting to search for their son's luggage etc. i mean, i agree, it's almost 99.999% impossible. but just thinking about all this, and i can't speak for others, but i know for myself, since i've been lucky so far to have not lost anyone close to me, i don't know how they truly feel, but i imagine that these families just want some form of closure. something to give them an ounce of comfort. or something that gives them hope. i mean, for some, they lost their daughter AND granddaughter. can anyone really imagine or know what that is like unless it's happened to you? and you don't even know how they died! honestly who are we to deny them that? is that what the human race has reduced down to? automatically assuming that they want a free trip to Reunion Island??? hey since the french are leading the investigation as it is their island, how about asking for a free trip to Paris instead? more vacation time no? or is it because they are chinese and because all we read on the internet are how chinese people are supposed to be cheap and uneducated and blah blah blah? if you can't find any way to sympathize with the families and relatives and friends of all those on board, then maybe keep your mouth shut, instead of being ignorant and inconsiderate and basically the #$%$ of humanity
But it's time they face reality.
I can give them closure....all the people are dead and have been eaten by the fish a long time ago.....so stop whining and go back to work. I did not see where they want to PAY for their flight. Of course if they were in the US I am sure they could get welfare to pay for it somehow.
@?? I do somewhat agree with you, I still feel very sorry for them and cannot imagine what they're going through. HOWEVER, I think the airline and government and this point has absolutely done enough. They paid for them to stay in hotels for MONTHS awaiting news, travel expenses, etc. And now they want an all expense paid trip to his island instead of letting the authorities do their job. They need to accept what happened and try to move on with their lives. They want to completely immerse themselves again in their relatives deaths instead of trying their best to move on. It's not healthy.
Mao murdered 60 millions in the Great Famine alone, and Deng murdered 2 thousands students in Tian Men and none of Chin families cried or demonstrated. They are sub humans the more they act stupidly!
They just want a free vacation.
Some victim's families demanded tickets to Orlando, Florida and a family pack admission tickets for Disney World.
What's the matter GAYmerica?? You mad at your former FRIENDS the Chinese? Remember when you lefties used to prowl around with your little Mao-caps and his Little Red Book and let's fight the (us) government? Why you stupid delusional POT-HEAD lefties! The Chinese have already invaded your country to catch your dogs in the back alley and boil them live in water to torture them to make their "flash taste delicious" and call it chicken or fish and make YOU EAT IT, AND YOU PAY FOR IT! What? you don't like the Chinese anymore?? HAHAHA you're beholden to them for trillions of dollars and their military and commie spirit is stronger than yours by far as you further shame yourselves in front of the world. Go back to your Dope, you worthless leftist vermin.
I'm a conservative and even I think CP is a frigging dooshbag.
They want someone to blame. Their relatives are gone. They should be blaming radical Islam as this is what the suicidal pilot was.
Malaysia has handled this accident very poorly and these complaints that wouldn't be there if the situation was handled properly are a testament to that.
Who are these relatives kidding. People are forgotten about a week after they are buried. Forget the money and the attention you're looking for and get back to work.
their economy is sinking and most are laid off so they are turning back to this incident to make some cash.
The Chinese government never cared for the Chinese people before. It didn't it care that their Russian buddies shot down another Malaysian jetliner over Ukraine so why should they care about this plane? You think the victims families of that plane got all paid expenses by the Russian government to go to Ukraine to lay down flowers?
You're an idiot, and that's being kind.
They should wait until next year when they find a part of the plane in Hawaii and then they should demand the free trip.
And then they'll find a part on South Beach and demand to be flow here too?
Your technical expert advice and insight are compelling and greatly appreciated
Its hard to believe that the Chinese have any emotions at all . Its startling the lack of animal cruelty laws they have. The cruelty they show animals is unparalleled in the entire world.
This is why all the Chinese flee to our country to rip off Americans. Their own government plain sucks!
May God be with these poor families.
Someone, albeit only one, predicted "the greatest U-turn in the History of mysteries", at the reunion of two previous "Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777" acts totally staged with actors, Two gangs of illuminazi suicide bombers in action: - "Putin" and the fake rebels, used to stage MH17 in July 2014 and blame it on the real rebels while pretending to blame it on Ukraine government. - "Netanyahu" and the rest of Israel's government, used to stage the resurrection of Obama Bin Laden with a 9/11 remake at Jerusalem, again with pixels used to simulate the "missing" Boeing 777 crashing on Temple Mount. end-times-prophet.blogs+pot. -- /2014/03/
What do you expect from incompetent Malaysian gov't?
They just want a free vacation. Typical of Chinese.
If we all marched for free trips to Hawaii Obama would eventually give them to us. Instead we march for black tugglings and wait... yeah that's pretty much it.
Your family members are all on a deserted island living off coconuts and coconut cream pies. There's a Skipper, the Professor, and even a movie star.
Sad what these folks are going through but believing in a false God causes needless suffering.
This story is unreal... What part of reality is that hard to understand here.. Let's get real, flight 370 went down terminating the lives of all on board.. Sorry, but this is real !
Chinese president called them all racists. Sent them home. And went golfing
That's Obama,you got it mixed up.
. The Chinese government makes sure the Chinese people keep living in a fantasy world. They are easier to manipulate that way. China is such a primitive country. .
China is rich so why don't they fly their people there? Malaysia does not see them contributing to the situation by going there.
Don't ignore the fact/theory that Uyghurs Xinjiang are being crushed by Red China Govt that can lead to the MH370 disaster because both pilots r Islamic and most of MH370 passengers r Red Chinese vs. related
can understand their frustration when malaysia releases all sorts of random information before everyone else then backs off or proven false...might as well fly to reunion and scrap the beaches yourselves if that make you feel more empowered
Good for them. At the outset Malaysia behaved as if it were hiding information.
I thought the Mexicans were the most stupidest, ignorant people alive. The Chinese are not that far behind!
I think the relatives are all within their rights. Their government along with the airlines should do whatever it takes to appease the families. They have suffered greatly and without any kind of concrete closer. Their loved ones literally disappeared, can you imagine the grief? Now its time for the proper authorities to step up and give these families what they want. Take them to the island, they all have every right for possible closure.
These are Chinese citizens. Exactly what rights are you thinking they have?
And what if a trip doesn't give them the closure they need? Do you want to pay for their NEXT trip and their NEXT search for "closure"?And who will define 'closure. Steve... YOU?
Their presence on the island could very likely disrupt the investigation. Valuable clues could be lost. A bunch of distraught people milling about is the last thing that should happen on that island.
These are Chinese, just looking for money, can't remember the name of the possible relative lost in the crash.
I still believe that Maylasia set up the debris of the plane to somehow put a close to the incident and appease the victims families. But it will not work. The families still wants to know what happen to the plane, and if the plane was deliberately crash by the pilot the families can sue the airline for millions. I believe its a cover-up. And I still don't know how that big peace of debris end up far inland from the beach. Unless there was a hurricane, but someone must have lay it there. If the debris of that big piece of the plane was on the beach than I would probably say it was washed up and the current brought on the beach. But it was far inland.
idiot, the wing piece was found in the water.
Where are you getting the idea that it was found "far inland from the beach"? It was found on the shoreline.
It was found on the beach you moron.
This confirm that most likely those radical Muslims pilots crash this plane. I will never fly Malaysian Airline in my life and tell all my friend and family to do that same.
Is this last year cry baby picture or are they cry babying again for the cameras this year?
Welcome to the new world mindset! Absolutely crazy, all the parents of my life time of dozens of friends are dead, for a variety of reasons and some of my friends and co-workers are dead, I will be dead, YOU will be dead, graves are rarely visited past the 25 year mark of someone's death, the majority in 5 years are never visited. get over it.
easy for you to say......I really hope something like this happens to your family, only then you'll learn what patience and compassion is all about.
what a bunch of clowns. I dont see ANY chinese marching in beijing demanding the govt to compensate for their lost love ones in the capsized Chinese ship in the Yangtze River that killed more than 450 people. the chinese are HYPOCRITE fools. I'd say Malaysia grant them their wish and put all of them on a cruise to take tem to the Reunion island, but instead of going to the island just sink the ship in the middle of the sea, and make sure there are no life vest onboard.
you are SO dumb. those family are not marching to demand compensation form authorities. they are asking for ANSWER for MH370. there are many suspicion point relating to the incident. on the issue of capsided ship, those family already get proper closure because their family bodies was found - they saw the sinking ship. it is TWO DIFFERENT CASE
no one has an answer. they just need to wait because the ocean is a very big place to get lost in. why dont they demand to go to the indian ocean and join the search as well. they have to accept the fact that the plane crashed and their loved ones dead and that we all want to know what happened. but they need to wait. patiently and courtesously.
Are you as dumb as GW Bush? LOL! Idiot!
LOL, what a bunch of fools. they actually believe their govt have given them closure. Only pathetic fools like the chinese to believe what their govt tell them. and no one DARE to demand compensation from the cruise ship incident. they know if they start anything they will get a visit from the chinese police, and if they resist, they will be put in prison. given all these facts, the chinese fools on yahoo forum continue to talk like dumb as. why am i wasting my time with these hypocrite fools.......
$#$@# GWB: What the heck are you talking? Sink the ship with full of innocent people on it? You are so #$%$% and evil. Even when the victims' relatives demand such unrealistic thing, you have NO right to say like that. You and some stupid people who give likes to your evil comment are #%@%#. Because you have the mind of a criminal, you should be tied up and thrown into the middle of the sea like you said to experience it before you do anything harmful to innocent people. Get your #%#%@ out of here.
. What the Chinese people need to do is get rid of the "baggage" the Communist Party has dumped into their brains. They are out of touch with reality. .
Put your head in the sand and that will make you feel great!
ProService: Your attempt to sound like an American is a FAIL because you still sound like the lame Chinese government 50-center you are. But, thanks for leaving your comment because it allows me to add one more note: The Chinese Communist Party has been a perpetual JOKE since 1949.
The plane was shot down, the pilot was a nut job and the Malaysian Government was in fear the plane would be used in a 911 style crash. All of this is just a show. It has been confirmed that jet planes were near the flight when it circled back and made the turn.
It was also confirmed that your brain was nowhere near your body when you posted that lame a$$ comment.
Go ahead, call me a conspiracy nut, but I like this one: Muslim MH370 pilots kill infidel Chinese passengers in an act of jihad, thus securing 72 virgins in paradise. Got an better explanation?
It was an act of retaliation for the Chinese government/military treatment of Uighurs. What about the muslims on board the plane? Automatic trip to paradise also.
Sounds like they're trying to milk a vacation out of it. Just because one piece went there, doesn't mean others would also.
maybe aircraft should carry another black box one that is jettisoned when a predetermined set of events occurs - altimeter reaches 5 ft over unsuitable terrain, etc....and make sure the thing floats.
If things are drifting towards reunion Island, it would make me feel closer to my deceased love one. It is all physcoligcal but if it will help them give them a ride.
Got to Reunion island for what ? China government can not do anything about it. Go to Tibet to see China Gov treat other citizens like sht. That the price China paid for aggressive to neighbors
Boeing knows something but is NOT politically correct to disclose it! Do not believe a modern aircraft with top of the line tracking technology can disappear like that.
Put the families on a cruise ship to sail out to the reunion island, on the way there sink the ship. let them join their lost loved ones and have a happy eternal life.
All that nonsense Chinese superstition. This was Muslims revenge, to China for the way CCP have treated people in xinjiang and probably no the last one, Chinese people can thank the CCP endless stupidity, party book but no brain
Zionists-fascists CPC Central Committee are complicit terrorist acts of genocide MH370, MH17. The gang of CPC Central Committee invented the "pings" off the coast of Australia. Why relatives did not require and do not require a trip to the shores of Australia? Zionist-fascist government of Australia, for the occasion, even changed of the Indian Ocean Current.
Do you need a tin foil hat to keep the government from reading your thoughts?
acbd, you are a racist idiot... iran is a PROVEN terrorist state, always has been...this is common knowledge, but you are too stupid to understand. Doesn't matter, they will be glass pellets soon anyway when Israel takes them out.
Can you imagine the horror these people felt not knowing what happened over a year and even now they are not getting straight answers.
China's navy is very powerful and capable of sailing to distant seas to grab territories from weak neighbors. Certainly, the navy can take these families to the Reunion island. Perhaps, China can claim/conquer this island too so that it has total freedom to investigate what happened to MH370.
There is someone from a government or organization that knows exactly what happened to that plane. It is just a matter of if this information will come to light.
So, now they are finding more parts to the 777 plane. There are actually more people looking other than local fisherman that's a bonus. Perhaps they should send a ship or two and maybe some divers or submarines to the area and take a good hard look at the debris stream that is winding up on this island. It seems everyone is pointing fingers at someone else and doing nothing.
They have been doing this for over a year now.
Where do you suggest they send the ships and divers? Who knows how far this has moved.
Does it matter? Is the outcome going to change? The titanic sank with 1500 people and they didn't find the bodies that want to the bottom of the ocean. Let the plane rests where it is, regardless of where it is.
@Old E, the answer is very simple, go to the island the debris was found and work from there. It may amaze you that nobody right now is searching the waters anywhere near that island.
zues said " It may amaze you that nobody right now is searching the waters anywhere near that island" What amazes me is that anyone can come on yahoo comments and suddenly they are know whats going on with a search op in the Indian Ocean. You need to change your name...its a major insult to Zues Good luck huggy bear
Kinda deep. They are dead, get over it.
do anyone watch the movie, FLIGHT PLAN jodie foster? nobody believe the jodie foster everyone on the plane think that she is crazy and behave irrational. everyone dont trust her word and think that her child does not exist everyone think that NOBODY would kidnap a child on a moving plane. and no place to hide it. in the end, we KNOW THE ANSWER there some critic try to blame the family for not accepting the death of their family and behave irrational some critic had no shame to use those disparaging remark against family. some critic had keep insisting that the plane had crashed and their loved one had died on those poor family.( who dont believe in any of such statement) similar scenario in the MOVIE ( flight plan)
I can't say I blame these families for having a cynical attitude toward the Malaysian government. Even 14 months after this tragedy, Malaysia continues to show how incompetent it is by announcing that the portion of wing found was beyond doubt a part of the missing plane though the French were more cautious. I wonder that, since Malaysia is predominantly Muslim country, Allah revealed to these mullahs where the plane is.
US military and Malaysia gov are hiding some secret.
I feel so terribly bad for those poor people. Maybe that wing is not part of Flight 370 Maybe it is a hoax. Maybe those people were taken to some undisclosed place and are alive. Too many maybe's here. I just find it so odd that a plane could just vanish. Also: I feel the families' frustration. Awful!
"Maybe those people were taken to some undisclosed place and are alive." What for? To start a commune?
"Too many maybes?" We know the plane crashed in the Indian ocean. Everyone who was on it is dead. There is no evidence for any other theory. Also, the fact that you find it odd that a plane could disappear is not evidence for anything except that you aren't an expert on modern jetliners.
It was US military who shot it down. It's American. They are helping humanity.
These families need closure of their family members and loved ones.The airlines should pick up then expense and let them travel to the French Indian Ocean island.
For closure for their families to see, that's for what, I guess you have no compassion. I really hope you don't have to experience that.
I think we all know what happened.
Compassion is not the same as giving someone anything they ask for. Closure is the family's responsibility, no one else's.
I disagree the airline should grant passage to the family members if they want to go and see the parts of the wreckage or other items. Then they will know within their hearts that they will never return. A lot of them haven't accepted it and the proof will give them what they need.
god works in a mysterious way. god already let the world to know MH370 was related to US regime. many critic had say that there is NO reason for US regime to blow up the plane or hide those plane. or stage such huge incident. really????? many people in the FLIGHT PLAN also express similar sentiment there are no REASON for KIDNAPPER to abduct a child on a moving plan and hide it. there are NO PLACE for kidnapper to hide kid and nobody had notice it . if the kid do exist, why NOBODY on the plane had seen her why her name of KID does not appear in the list of PASSENGER and immigration record,? ( it is not possible)
He's talking about the movie directed by German director Robert Schwentke and starring Jodie Foster.
"Chinese MH370 families demand to go to Reunion" ...because they want to see their relatives' luggage. Have a happy scavenger hunting for stuff and corpses.
I hate to say but they may have already been fish food. Plus they may not know what they are looking for. It is heart breaking though. Cannot believe someone so selfish to take that many lives.
They know what they want : Free travelling and lodging, even after couple of days they will also refuse to go back..
They know what they want : Free travelling and lodging, even after couple of days they will also refuse to go back..
Exactly, Mustafa! They're capitalizing on their loved ones' tragedy. I'm no longer feeling sorry for these families. I mean, PEOPLE move on with your lives AND no more freebies for you!
dear god, there's nothing to see on that island. ain't no vacation resort.
Meanwhile here in Detroit everything is beautiful and lovely and if you move here now for a limited time they're giving everyone a free pony
Imagine losing a loved one and not having closure on their disapperance.... Most of your comments are HEARTLESS and CRUEL.
Read between the lines. Our comments are more rhetoric and sarcastic rather than heartless and cruel. Of course we feel sorry for these families' losses, but for them to demand a trip to Reunion? What can they do that the experts have not? I even fear that the name of the place is ominous: REUNION. Yeah, DO go there, preferably by another Malaysian 777, and they just might have their long-awaited reunion...in the realm of Hades. Wouldn't it be ironic if the authorities finally found the blackbox, and the recording revealed that some Chinese passengers, displaying their stereotypical air rage/craze, caused the airline's fall? That would be precious.
Perhaps other people are being sarcastic TrekW...but YOU are the cruel one here.
Fine, so Bodhicom, Lisa, Mustafa, gfunk are sarcastic but I alone am cruel...and YOU Jaime are full of heart. Because of this fact, you SHOULD buy airplane tickets (MALAYSIAN!!!) for all those families -- and you should go with them to Reunion. Being physically there is better than just moral support, no? I hope you all have a happy reunion! ;-)
m u - takes one to know one karma to you & yours ------------------------- t w - may you & yours have the most freebies on earth ever t w is demonplus
Hey Misty! You can have a happy reunion, too!
Point the fingers at the Chinese. They are capable! I bet China government will use this issue to manipulate Malaysia because of these!
Boeing 777 had history of problems! Boeing should compensate these families!
Ok so they want to FLY to a remote island and have it booked and paid for by the government and airlines that killed their relatives in a PLANE CRASH? Um........yeah. If I were the Malaysian government I'd be jumping at a chance to sweep it all under the rug with another "crash". "Swear to Allah guys, the plane carrying all the MH370 relatives ALSO disappeared off our radar. Crazy huh?"
I am demanding to go check the beaches of Hawaii
it hurt but it's time to move on...
There is no end to this. What type of reunion do these people want, there is nothing left to see. Do they want to all stand on the beach and hope a plane part floats in.
I suggest we do not make unnecesary troubles to the searchers. I know you are very sad, but you can do nothing even if you go there. I am sure our beloved ones will be found in the end.
They can go, they just need to pay for the trip themselves.
what the heck good would that do ??? nuts
Give me a break, the body's are thousands of miles away, it took the seats more then a year to get there.
What good would that do its not where the plane crashed,I feel for them but you must except reality sometime
People in China want any excuse to get out of China.
Bunch of freeloaders. Go there yourself, pay for it yourself. They are all dead. That's the truth.
And they died thousand miles away! Any more news is more money for these bunch of actors
They are all dead...what difference does it make...
why trip? the relatives are long gone.........
let them go to the island that isn't much to ask
Nobody is stopping them from going. But they are demanding that someone else pay for them, which is absurd.
the airline should pick up the tab IMO
Since the part has been moved to France they might as well spend a week there. And you know they might as well go on to Seattle and bang a drum at the Boeing plant.
not sure I would want to be flying
MCHAELW thanks for the advise glad to see you care about me. it's gives me a warm feeling inside
"I want to see if my son's luggage is there." I'm sorry but that is the funniest thing I read all day so far.
I'm so sick of these people.
Looking for a free trip from the taxpayers...that's about it.
This Air plain cause by weather and kill less than 100 chinese .Lookd at Cambodia during 1975 to 1979,Cambodian were killed 2 millions during Khmer rouge supported by CHINa Goverment???Who cried for them!!!! and pay for them.China even say sorry at all Hugh???
What do they expect to do? There are no bodies, not after a year in the water, not to mention the crash itself. They're of no use in the investigation: no skills. For those with the "pray for the safe return..." nonsense, they're getting it: one piece of plane at a time.
What more do these people want?
...do they want to fly on Malaysia Airlines?
Would they really want to fly on another Maylasian Air flight?
Malaysian air lines is broke ,they have no more money . You can't get blood from a turnip !
Typical China reaction. Drama. Hey, the search for this place was like the hugest ever. What is wrong with these China people? They create drama everywhere they go even when they visit as tourists. They want the whole world to kowtow to them. Da hell? Let the investigators find more info first. No one's trying to lie to no one.
crazy people, been over two years, they are dead deal with it... the chinese people are the people who dont care about no one but themselves but when it comes to this, they are putting on a big sobbing show
Guess different culture grieve differently, you don't see this kind of mourning with Malaysia Flight 17.
yeah, what's with all the screaming and wailing?
now they all want to fly there on the same airliner?
Marty, you do have a good point there..
Going to the island accomplishes what? That a free trip was possible? I feel for you,but what could they possibly do there.They wouldn't be allowed to handle anything,& whos going to drive them around? And to where?
They were planning on flying around it, I suppose. Something to do with Malaysians, gravity, and water.
These Chinese if it were a Chinese airline and they acted like this they would get the bullet.
LOL, They're nuts. Do they think someone is going to walk out of the water & say "I SURVIVED".
Furtune Cookie say: "Stay out of plane - Man not ment to fly otherwise he have wing"
Those shamless culprits just want to pull attention to themselves to get a) more money, b) a oversee trip free of charge. If you tell them Ok, everyone of you has to pay 1000 USD, nobody will go...
They could just go swimming at the beach to be closer to their loved ones who are all fish and sea-life poop at bottom of ocean now. The plane parts washing up don't have any body parts.
Under which law is Malaysia required in any way to fly grieving family members to an island for a wild goose chase ? Was the airline even "state owned/maintained" by the Malaysian gov't ? If it's such a concern, buy your own tickets....
Every time another piece of wreckage is found will Malaysia be guilted into flying the families to new locations over and over ?!
The families want to go to Reunion Island? Heh heh heh… I guess they heard about the great take-out available on the island! Huh?
They'll bring suitcases of instant noodles .... because 'chinese food' is so much better than French food.
China actually ALLOWING 'public gathering' and 'protest' at the country's capital? Wow....this is a first...
They are just IDENTIFYING the protesters so they can ELIMINATE them later!
"I want to see if my son's luggage is there." - Well it sure didn't get on the connecting flight Seoul. That should narrow it down.
HOLY #$%$ PEOPLE - give it a rest the plane crashed / the people are dead / NOW move on and get over it
Like the late great George Carlin once said, " I don't believe anything the government tells me."
So....do these relatives want to FLY there (over water, in an airplane) or take a boat ?
it will be interesting to find out how it crashed....
Free trips to Ferguson, Detroit and Baltimore! Me love you long time....bang bang!!!
Me wanta Reunion tripa. Chop Chopy!!!
And the investors that lost their life savings can march to the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and demand their money back......
If they want to go so bad book a flight and pay for it!
Or they can collectively hire their own investigator.
You Do Not Lose a 777.
Any evidence to support that statement?
Yes,it washed up on Reunion Is..
"We will all go there together. That's what international agreements require. And Malaysia is the relevant country to arrange it." China is pretty good at ignoring international agreements .... so, I suggest they go talk to their own government.
We want a free plane trip !!! Oh wait...
Tell them to catch a plane and go there.
If they will allow to go to that island, they may claim it as theirs
I want to go as well, I dont believe the beach can be that good looking.... I mean I think the plane is there!
jeez, get over it fish heads
again the chinese are showing their true colors, they wish they have relatives in the accidents so they could claim more MONEY, money is what chinese worship, ahead to their god hero MAO MAO the greatest MASS MURDERER of all time.
Typical Chinese- want a free trip to French re-union Island. If you pay you can go.
Get over it people. Stop with the crying and out of control outbursts. It's uncalled for now.
I pray and hope a mysterious plane dissapearence like this never happens again, they need to install better security systems
Yes, his son's luggage is there but the evil French/Malaysians are keeping it from him on purpose to cover up...something!
So what is the airline supposed to do? Call Carnac?
"I have certain rules I live by. My first rule; I don't believe anything the government tells me. Nothing, zero." - George Carlin
how stupid, why would they demand a trip to reunion? this is a bit overdramatic,no? do they need to see the rotting flesh?
The Chinese seem more obnoxious than the Americans... Demanding a flight to the remote island where a piece of the wing drifted..?? The actual crash site could be a thousand miles away from Reunion Island.. Nonsense!!
I don't think that's the point, these people are hoping to find any remains or belonging that could be a lead to their missing families. If you were in their position, I'm sure you'd also need to go there now and dig the beach for any evidence of your friend/family.
@O, The chance of finding human remains after over a year at sea is zero! The chance of finding a belonging is not much more than zero.. The entire structure of the triple 7 may not be found for years with 10 ships with advanced radar working around the clock.... Come on!! It was a tragedy and it's time to move on!! And by the way, NO... I would not want to go to Reunion Island if a beloved one was on -board that aircraft..
Can u imagine when they do find the fuselage....take me to the bottom of the ocean...!
What a crock. You want to be flown to an island to see debris. Not remains. And this far down the line. Any remains that didn't sink to the bottom. Have been "recycled" by the sea. Let go and move on. Wait for your lawsuit to settle.
They are dead, all of them. Get over it. They have been dead for over a year. Nothing remains of their remains.
LOL, they could careless about their relatives. It is all about $$$ to them!
Maybe they would get better results if they marched in Tiananmen Square. Probably not....
to do what ? eat sand and cry ?..
Mmmmmmm sand. Baked sand is the best!
If those people want freedom, they know what to do.
China must the the world's largest manufacturer of nuts.
why demand the need for malaysia to let them go to the island? what can their presence do?
chinese are very emotional except for they 9th month abortions.
A carefully staged show of supposed outrage looks more like a poor production of stupidity fueled by eventual greed....next will come the demands for financial compensation and lots of it..... The Chinese are becoming more American every day.....
these people want a vacation and a passible defection, come on China, give a little
I hope they find the answers to their loved ones.
They HAVE their answers... they don't LIKE them! Sort of like Michael Brown's family.
hey chinese, 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 - chinese will understand.
OMG with over 1 billion Chinese, why do you cry for a lost person?
"We want to go to the island and see the truth," said Lu Zhanzhong, whose son was on the plane, adding: "I want to see if my son's luggage is there (and I've never been to Reunion Island)" And what exactly do they expect to "achieve" there..., a cheap vacation perhaps...?
surely they would not fly Malaysia Airlines???
And just what do they think they will accomplish? Their relatives are gone..
Get over it. ! They're dead, over a year now. Photo-ops, that's all this is.
tHE CRY BABIES ARE OUT ON PARADE ....AGAIN.
Dave the sadist is on a rant again. I hope you never have to go through what these relatives are experiencing.
I feel bad for the families... but what good is marching and demanding to be taken where the wreckage was found going to do..... it takes a lot longer to heal if you keep pulling the scab off of a wound...
I'd be real careful of what you ask for, chances are great that they would book the trip on Malaysia Airlines
these people was manipulated by the commie govt to rally, yet the Tiananmen square massacred it wasn't even in the news in china. to hell to the commie chinese
All these people do is eat fish bait and cry. Jeez, would you #$%$ just get back to work and make us more worthless gadgets and cheap trinkets we don't need?
there dead get over it,,,,uneducated chinese...pfft..
I had litter suspect why they can not find any other things from passengers. such as clothes; hats; computers or other,etc. just only one wing can not persuade they relatives. wheather Malaysia hope to close this century cases as soon as possible.
Why? Sharks already #$%$ out your loved ones along time ago, nothing will change that.
They landed on the island from Lost.
MH370 should be a new brand of beer.
what good is a trip to this place. dead is dead. pieces of plane have been found ,No bodies
Come on China, educate your citizens! All they need to do is to apply for a special humantarian Visa from the France Ambassy. Of course the word humantarian probably doesn't exist in Chinese dictionary.
'E's passed on! This parrot is no more! He has ceased to be! 'E's expired and gone to meet 'is maker! 'E's a stiff! Bereft of life, 'e rests in peace! If you hadn't nailed 'im to the perch 'e'd be pushing up the daisies! 'Is metabolic processes are now 'istory! 'E's off the twig! 'E's kicked the bucket, 'e's shuffled off 'is mortal coil, run down the curtain and joined the bleedin' choir invisible!! THIS IS AN EX-PARROT!!'
It's not like a plane going down over a land mass where bodies and debris are recovered. Chances are no bodies will ever be recovered and there will be no closure for these families. Very sad for what has happened....
The problem is these people are Flipping Irrational !! plane it CRASH.. People they Die !! U go home and Grieve !! people DIE all the Time. Your People have DIED !! Let's see how long U can DRAG this nonsense on .......OH WEIRD ONES ?!
Sooo? if Maylasia does take them to the Reunion Islands, is that considered "Take out". Cuz that must be some good Chinese.
Both countries gov't are ran by chinese. What's the problem. More posturing... for sympathy.
Fly them over. you have spare jets. They may simmer down on a nice island break. they may come to terms with the tragedy.
Some DEMANDING to be taken to island where SUSPECTED debris may be............... Get your #$%$ a ticket and go !! Or wait for proof and then DEMAND........... Wow.... only people gaining anything from this as usual is the GARBAGE MEDIA SKELLS !!!
Maybe they should ride on the same type of Plane and have it crash and see where their pieces go.
The CCP does not care about those few who were killed...and why should they? Those who were killed are just a drop in a pan.....Xi does not care about those who were killed...It is his wallet/his ephemeral existents that he is most focused on.... Just compare his position (and now)...and yours....how has Xi made this world a better place?
Your family members are dead... I guess. Move on geez. What is it with these people they act as if they were married to Emily Ratajkowski and lost her in a plane crash, yes then I could see being upset for the rest of your life
Hard truth...they are all dead...just as we all will be...want to live forever? Read words jesus
Names of the piIots have finally been reIeased.... H0 LEE F0K and WlE G0NG DI
Now that we know the plane crashed into the ocean and isn't sitting in tact somewhere it's time to get over it.
Malaysian airline again!??! It's become like the new Bermuda Triangle.
Huh? This is talking about the same flight that disappeared a year and a half ago, not a new crash.
ISNT COMMUNISM JUST GREAT !! THE USA WILL BE FINDING OUT REAL SOON WHAT THAT MISERABLE LIFE IS ALL ABOUT !!
The point is these people just don't buy this latest story. They feel like this is all made up to shut them up and move on. The thing is this story has been ridiculous from the beginning. Why all of a sudden all these parts are washing up? They can say anything they want and we are supposed to believe it now? I'm sorry, I don't believe the latest finds either.
Why are they just now showing up? It takes time to drift thousands of miles. They aren't going to show up right away.
But why are they all showing up on that tiny Island?
God I feel bad for these people
put them on a plane and shoot it down, let them meet their freaking relative, enough of this nonsense
hose them down, tired of this stupidity
"I don't know what the Malaysian government fears, or what it's trying to cover up." Fear? Cover up? Are those the only possibilities regarding the MH370?
No one cares when our planes crash.
...Wow. That is ridiculously untrue. First, our planes very rarely crash, and when they do, there is inevitably a huge deal made about it. You just don't hear about it much because it doesn't happen very often.
I also didn't hear us accusing other countries of not doing enough when we have a similar tragedy. I think you missed my point, but have a good weekend anyway.
So now, the Communist wants a FREE TRIP... what else do you want? What is your Commie country doing for you? GET REAL.
Some people just continue to live in the past. March all you want and continue to waste your time. It won't bring back your family / friends in any way. If you think you can expedite the process, then do it yourselves.
Silly Chinamen. They should contact Jerry Lewis for help.
go take a dump in an elevator
not crash not shot not explode nodebris - vanish - errieeee they are held somewhere haven't fly big or small plane since
I'm still trying to figure out what language they are using...
j & j a need to work on their reading, comprehension, attention, bad
Misty needs to go back to school for proper sentence structure.
barak obamba and bill gates dropped your families in the middle of the ocean.
So, they want a free trip to "ease their pain"?
I like slant cops. The Chinese leaders let them do their thing, without making trouble. All our leader exists for is to make trouble.
take these slant eyed #$%$ out in the ocean and dump them overboard.......
Maybe it's Engine or mechanical defect in the plane design that Boeing trying to cover up.. who knows. Seems strange.. so much confusion and contradictions in identifying the debris as well.
maybe they better start building a airplane that will also FLOAT !! good grief the plane is at the bottom of a deep ocean !!
TAKE EM, THEN THAT PLANE WILL CRASH ----END OF PROBLEM
they are hiding the truth --check book will buy you anything --------
GREEDY CHINA TAKE THAT FOR ISLAND GRABBING....
muslim pilot murdered all those people with it's allah akbar jihad. riding a plane with a muslim pilot is a 50 50 hazardous to health and life.
i do not trust the pilots of islamic origin or the airlines of muslim countries.
I wish there was a way I can send them comfort and love. :(
Poor them, just give them a trip to Reunion
LIVING VICTIMS..... 2 MANY 2 COUNT
Merely a God ? NAY-------THE God !!!
All this Chinese talk is making me hungry....
At this point, I don't think there are any doubts that there is something really big and covered up behind the "disappearance" of flight MH370.
At this point, I don't think there are any doubts you are profoundly stupid.
I'm full of disdain for the character of these Chinkers. Against a government not at fault for what is an accident, they raise hell, even moving to physically assault the Malaysian Airlines officials at a presscon in Kuala Lumpur. But against their own dictatorship in Beijing, which has lied, cheated and killed millions since Mao, they're petrified and meek as sedated lambs. Spineless, vulgar people.
Sounded like they were #$%$ at the Chinese government too.
So, the French are doing the investigation. One part of the plane is found. It comes from a Boeing 777. No Flaperon part of any other Boeing 777 is missing. cThis was found washed ashore on an island which is part of the ocean current pathway where the plane has been presumed to have crashed. What is holding the French back from identifying the part as a portion of the lost plane? I have no understanding of the French conclusion result.
Those are reasonable conclusions, but the point of the French investigation is to have direct, verifiable evidence, not a chain of assumptions. Otherwise, why send the part in the first place?