OK so you have found squat the entire time you are even guessing as to the direction and possible location of the plane and then you "think" you hear a ping cannot find the ping or the plane. A private company comes along and "hey we found SOMETHING" but because it is NOT in the area where you are looking than it cannot be the plane? OMG how about just a quick look? You have not found squat where you are at?? What is it going to hurt?
You do realize how BIG the ocean is? I have and it takes 45 days to cross from San Diego to the Persian Gulf....
It was 2 hours of a signal that matches the frequency and timing from the black box, then a shorter duration after they turned back. Followed by two short signals two days later in the same area. That area was being searched because the Inmarsat satellite pings, which went on for 8 hours, put the plane roughly in the area they heard those signals. So two independent sources put this plane in a certain area, where they are looking. This other company doesn't know what it has found and the plane can not be where they say if the plane was pinging the satellite for 4 or 5 hours after it would have been in that location. Plus the Bay of Bengal was searched in the first weeks of the search.
There is no such thing as "a quick look" when it comes to deep ocean searches. Any such search is expensive, complicated, time consuming, and potentially dangerous. It makes sense that authorities are concentrating their limited resources on the search area to which the evidence has led. In the case of this company, they have a somewhat questionable background, so their "evidence" needs to be taken with a grain of salt (or two).
Mike PA - "So two independent sources put this plane in a certain area, where they are looking." Actually they put a "Ping" that they can no longer hear in a certain area, not a plane. Why would a company that depends on the accuracy of their technology put out bogus information? Plus, they are not saying it is 370, but does appear to resemble the shape of a plane. Another thing, I can't imagine why the plane would be in the Indian ocean off Australia in the first place, nor as far as I can tell can anybody else. The Bay of Bengal on the other hand would put the plane within fuel range of friendlier destination.
I say ok, maybe it is nothing. But, at this point it would not hurt to look.
They could use their "sophisticated" technology to at least find further clues, if THAT failed to result in anything then fine, ignore it. Otherwise its stupid to ignore the tip.
@David the distance from San Diego to the Persian Gulf is about 12,000 nautical miles and could be covered in about 25 days at a sustained speed of 20 knots not 45 days
David: 45 days? Not really. Thats what it took the Kitty Hawk to sail from Norfolk to San Diego and that's going around South America. As Happy noted, 20 knots to the Gulf from San Diego in 25 days is about right.
Happy, and the last time you made that trip was when? I did it four times (2003 and 2005). 45 days in, 45 days back and only 90 in area.
@David: You were part of the military . You may have only been told what they wanted you to believe. Like we were told about weapons of mass destruction.
David, that is a blatant insult. You owe the morons of the world an apology for insinuating they're as clueless as SA.
Hey like we are all free to comment and post our opinions so no one needs to be a prick about it... Just do a thumbs UP or DOWN... That's all ya need to do... Or just post your own opinion and thoughts and replies...
A lot of very good points made however would it hurt to take a look?
Ok...let's see here...we've done it your way for how long now? And we've found what so far? So, somebody says, "Hey we may have found something over here! Why don't you send somebody to just take a look see?" And the response is, "No thanks. We're good. We'll just keep doing what we've been doing that hasn't yielded anything yet because it will sooner or later." TO KEEP DOING WHAT ISN'T WORKING KNOWING IT WILL SOMETIME DOWN THE ROAD IS INSANITY!!! DO ALL OF THESE COUNTRIES HAVE THEIR COLLECTIVE HEADS UP THEIR #$%$?
Im totally with you William! They need to swallow that arrogant Pride and go look!
The Bay of Bengal will be the last place they look and when they find the plane there they will all be saying "Oh #$%$, we should have looked there earlier".
On condition of anonymity a spokes-government personess denied that a very large aluminum object was being dragged along the sea bed from the Bay of Bengal to a position not too far from the current search area. [It-ess] also denied that the object was a large refrigerator full of Lager.
It's like looking for the homework in front of your teacher that you know you didn't even do........can't seem to find it teach! They aren't dumb; we are for believing this #$%$.
Gary: My point exactly. I just didn't remember who to quote. Thank you.
GM P9, when you don't get answers that make sense then the spawning of conspiracy theories is a natural reaction. they have not told the world how a plane can disappear from radar of so many countries. the south china sea area has now become very sensitive politically. all countries of the region have powerful radars scanning the skies of the region. non could spot an airliner flying through those sensitive skies?! hard to believe, isn't it. they say its transponder was switched off. in the first place, one would begin to think why it would do that. and even if its transponder was switched off, radars should still b able to spot it. enemy planes won't sneak through the skies with transponders on. I don't think they are giving out the right information here. I do believe it will eventually come out. the Chinese must be doing a probe of their own as so many Chinese were on board. I wonder if there were important Chinese on board.
Yea , there is a lot these idiots aren't saying!
@Javaid, "sensitive skies" is a big term for an ocean. Remember, even military radar on a tower 100 meters up can only see about 30 miles or so out. Which is why sensitive installations have outriders to give them the response time they need. That said, it's curious that there is a glaring singular hole in the JACC's information release.
I heard the plane appeared to weave around radar areas, suggesting it was an experienced pilot
For whatever reason, this South Indian Ocean thing seems to be more a diversion from all other explanations than an actual hunt. Expensive, yes, so the thing they are hiding must have very wide reaching ramifications. If it's that bad, then by all means keep it hidden. If there is no reason to hide the facts, then, in the interest of humanity, follow up on all the clues, especially the strong ones. Give these families something, anything, even if a new area and a new search comes up empty ...they deserve that much.
isn't there a second transponder also?..
No George, you are thinking of a second black box. One for voice and communications in the cockpit, and a second one for flight data.
If the transponder was knocked out, primary surveillance radar only goes as far as 80 nautical miles, with transponder secondary only goes to 250. I don't know altitude but it can't be that high as the are using microwaves and UHF, probably not over 36,000. Even if the transponder was on Eddie, the passengers wouldn't have survived, but it would have been easier to find. Instead of "MH370 missing" it would be "Tensions escalate in SE Asia in response to the downing of MH370 by (insert country)'s jet fighters." Some things we cannot control.
"they have not told the world how a plane can disappear from radar of so many countries" Yes...they have. People aren't listening. They have stated ...the technology is BAD...aged, outdated, faulty. Add to that that the Malays finally admitted to sending out military planes, to the NORTH to look for the missing jet, meaning they tracked it THERE, not to the south. They know more than they are letting on. I think the US and Aussie gov't knows this and is letting the media spin a different tale so the masses don't panic. Telling what they really think happened? Not a chance.
skippyjon, do you really believe this nonsense about outdated radar technology explanation in a very sensitive strategic area? further, the plane is supposed to fly north, to Beijing. why do they insist it flew south? and then crashed in the ocean leaving no debris. a plane can float for a while. if things turn nasty, pilots try to crash land over water. then they say they hear pings. these pings get weaker as the days pass then cease altogether. and that is the end of the story. you have to be quite gullible to accept that.
How is it even possible to dismiss anything with no evidence? They have 26 countries looking, they have spent millions upon millions with zero results and they wont even send one ship or plane out of 26 countries to at least take a look? Its not like 26 countries can search the same area at one time anyway, send someone out to look, you have nothing to lose. Its really a process of elimination at this point so go look and if nothing comes up then cross that area off the list, they have found not one shred of physical evidence where they have been searching for over a month. They said the last ping was in the so called arc, couldn't they have flew out, turned around and went back and landed and could have still been in that arc? The pings don't prove it was going in one direction the whole time, it only proves the plane was somewhere in the arc at the last ping, part of the arc is very close to Malysia.
because the yalready know where it is. do you know about the patent that 4 of the ppl onboard owned, do you know they work for a houston based company.
The idiots think they know it all!
Most of that money spent is being KICKED BACK to these rotten lying dirty POLITICIANS
It's just a waste of good money....PERIOD.....this country is stupid
Stop wasting our money......use it in America...WE NEED IT MORE THAN THESE IMMIIGRANTS
JUST WASTING OUR SHIPS,PLANES AND TAXPAYERS MONEY....WAKE UP PEOPLE
After viewing where the Bay of Bengal is, it does make more sense for the plane to have gone down in that region rather than west or southwest of Australia. I would have more faith in what this private firm is stating than what all of the other countries are preaching about their current search zone. The Bay of Bengal would mean that the plane would have to veer onto a more northwestern course from it's previous one and would be well within the range that it would come down into the ocean when running out of fuel. It will be an interesting development if this private firm actually comes up with rock solid evidence of the plane's debris.
This whole incident has been bazar. If they really know where it is, it wouldn't be lost. Dismissing the find doesn't seem logical. Even if it is not probable, the plane could have even landed, refueled, and be somewhere they haven't seriously imagined. The tracking and locating technology exists where this plane could not have went missing like it did and even though this is a rare if not unprecedented event I hope more sure ways are implemented into planes so it never happens again. It would cost some money, but cost of this search has been far from cheap, not to mention the grief and anxiety suffered from the families and friends of the victims.
Unless it was shot down and then a pinger put in a probable area where there was no hope of recovery.....
The air lines have all these crazy charges let them invest some on there planes and up date em ........
I would like to know why this happened in the first place. Why was this plane hijacked. What does it all mean? All this money spent on futile searches upsets me to no end. Such a terrible waste. Where are all those poor souls who were on that flight? So frustrating.........
I have a special discomfort constantly reading about that aircraft. I was invited as a guest to fly from Detroit to Anchorage and from there to Japan on Korean airline flight 007 on September 1, 1983 that was shot down by Russians fighters. Whatever possessed me to lie to the person that invited me at the last minute telling her I was not able to get off work, I will never understand. I was already off work for the trip. More than 250 people 14 in my group including 12 children died on that aircraft that was never found has always haunted me.
You lied to a friend? You monster...
You should thank the lord and pray more very lucky .....
We will never be able to make sense of such events in our lives. I believe everything happens for a reason. All we can do is try to find the reason we are still here. Maybe if you haven't already stop and try to be thankful for what you have then do some good with your life for this world be it small or great. I can understand why this might haunt you but I'm sure everyone on that plane would not want you to feel that way. Have a beautiful day!!
It's called premonition. Many people know it well. For some of us, it's saved our lives many, many times. Others jokingly call it "Spidey sense." For some reason when something just doesn't feel right, an instinctive and automatic survival urge kicks into action which helps keep us alive.
More than once in my life I have been saved from some strange instinct telling me not to do a certain thing or to do it. Some times it has been spooky. I am an agnostic person that makes it even stranger.
eddie, what about all the children on board? God sent the russians to kill them?
@Eddie- I'll second that. Very well said.
That's the kinda thing that says live life to its fullest as any day could be your un fore seen last one at that... It is true also that there are so many linked situations of stories that have kept people alive such as missing an airline flight that actually crashed because you had a flat tire for example... How about how the 2 European guys who lost their Titanic tickets to Leonardo DiCaprio and his pal to go to America on the maiden voyage. The European guys lived by chance. Leo and his pal were lost at sea...
This incident will spawn conspiracy theories like the Kennedy assassination, and for much the same reason: the initial response to the disaster was mishandled, uncoordinated, and incompetent. The search is now concentrated in an area based upon "triangulation" of satellite signals that we were initially told (Correctly? Incorrectly? Whatever happened to investigative journalism?) specifically did NOT provide location data. THAT lead was provided by a private corporation using a heretofore untried method of analysis. THIS new "lead" has been announced by a private corporation using a proprietary technology. What makes one trustworthy, and the other, not? Can someone ask the relevant questions of the omnipotent God Google, or something? Whatever happened to investigative journalism? But I repeat myself. . . .
" Will spawn a conspiracy theory " ? Your coming in a little late on that one GM P9, there are already quite a few out there. Diego Garcia, Pakistan, Iran, just to name a few.
Well GM, hopefully with less "magic bullet" er "magic ping" reasoning. Or not.
Gm...you are not the only one questioning both the Inmarsat and the RR handshakes. I have experts asking the same questions. When have either ever been used to locate a downed plane? Questionable at best.
Cathy go back to #$%$ only #$%$ correct grammar and spelling...
@Cathy, I did air search and rescue for a number of years and have a passing familiarity with electronics and computer systems and can tell you I have a number of relatively obvious questions that were never addressed nor even entertained with respect to the media releases and subsequent actions in this case.
I would love to know more information about the satellite pings that they are using as their one and only lead. First off, how many satellites received pings from the flight? If we are talking one or two, these pings will not give a definite flight path for the jet. However, if there were three or more, we would have a very solid lead. The problem with too few satellites receiving the pings is that the frequency of the ping is only an approximation of the speed at which the plane is directly approaching a satellite (higher "pitched" means moving towards, lower means away). However, a ping form a single satellite could mean the plane was travelling directly towards the satellite at, say, 300 mph, or it could mean that the plane was traveling tangent to the satellite at 450 mph. The more satellites, the more we can narrow the possible crash site down. The fact that I have not seen an exact number of satellites being used as data sources makes me skeptical that the pings are a 100% accurate source. Also, GeoResonance's method seems far more reliable, so it amazes me they are not even acting like it's worth investigating.
The only data the satellite gave was hourly 'pings' that shifted in frequency by an absolutely and suspiciously constante 31 Mhz each hourly interval. There is not way to separate doppler effect from electronic drift in transmission frequency. The plane could have landed safely but given the same electronic signal if the transmitter was damaged. The signals did NOT GIVE THE LOCATION OF MH370. The location was inferred from a using a long series of weak and potentially faulty premises.
Since the won't release the raw data, how do we know it isn't just #$%$?
The "Doppler shift" is a red herring. All the data can say is that the pings kept coming. All else is conjecture on orbital paths and "expected" aircraft flight. No derivation was given for an aircraft not in flight. So all you get is where the craft "might" have been if it kept flying at "X" velocity at "Y" altitude. Once one understands the nature of the data, and understands the psychology of the need for a flight path and answers, one can see where the data projections might go, ahem, awry.
They didn't claim to have triangulated a position with the satellite and Doppler shift has nothing to do with it. They simply looked at the possible positions where the plane could have been to have transmitted a signals to the satellite. That gave them 2 huge arcs that span thousands of kilometers. They made other assumptions to arrive at the search area they're at now, the satellite data just gave them a VERY broad search area to start from.
The biggest problems with this search is too little ,too late,everybody in the same geologic position.Think of this,the plane sets off from Kuala Lumbur on a certain date and time,flew ato a position northeast,then turned to southwest with a possible quantity of uel to the Moluccan Straights,from that point,it disappeared with a lessor amount of fuel at possible a high or lower speed and at a higher or lower altitude and guessing for a minimum or maximum distance from that location into a 360 degree arc,there is your search area and it encompasses ocean and land of several countries,but from that starting point in the Moluccan Straight,they have only searched the lower right quarter of that circle.
350 degrees is NOT an arc. Last time I checked, it was still a circle. Anyway, who says it flew in a circle?
350 degrees Is not a circle.
350 degrees is not a circle, and 360 degrees is an arc. Albeit the maximum possible arc in a 2d plane, but still an arc.
...absolutely ! How can they know how many turns and backtracks, altitude changes, etc., occurred while that plane burned up fuel. I never thought it could be in the So. Indian Ocean and I still don't think so.
Remember, The Plane isn't moving in a 2d space, but a 3d one (not including the debated time vector). @Cathy. In reality they can't. Their original report, and subsequent update made clear the suppositions they made for altitude and throttle settings. At the end of the day all they can say is that the engines were in radio contact with the satellites for 'X' amount of time. The locations are all based on time and expected headings. But if the aircraft was sitting on the water for an hour and then took 2 hours to submerge it throws the whole thing off. Bottom line? All those "search areas" expect the plane flew as long as possible in some insane direction with no rhyme or reason until it ran out of fuel. Which, quite frankly, might have been true of Amelia Earhart, but not today. But the fascination with a good whodunit is what someone is counting on.
Eddie, its a PLANE not a plain. :)
Thank all of you for correcting my spelling,i appreciate it,i was overtired having been up for approximately 36 hours and i was trying to make myself sleepy,it took a while longer. Also,i wasn't not saying it flew in a circle,i was saying from that point in The Molucaan Straight,it could have flown in any direction within 360 degrees and again,too little too late and no reported search over any land mass,there was alot of land in the area for them to fly to.
"Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said on Monday the chance of finding floating debris was now remote" And yet, we find floating debris from the tsunami that hit Japan to this day. Admitting that you can possibly be wrong is so hard for many governments. For the astronomical amount of money that has been so far, I would think that even a small amount of the current resources could be spared to investigate and verify or dismiss this private company's findings. Of course that would not feed the egos of these experts that we currently have making those decisions right now. God forbid, if their state of the art equipment that they base their current search area on was proven to be that far off!
They have found floating debris from other things while searching for this plane. So there is debris being found, it's just not the debris they are looking for. My opinion.. the US waited WAY too long to get involved and take over. By the time the experts got in with the right equipment it was too late. Once again, the US was the last to the party instead of the first.
abbott also said all wreckage would now be waterlogged & sunken. didn't know aluminum could get waterlogged. asinine thing to have said.
Kingjon, the US can't just step in and declare they are taking over the search of another country's plane right off the bat like that.
If there are US Citizens on the plan, then the country they are from should be able to interject and do anything they want to search for those people. I am not saying take over and control the Malaysian investigation... but set up your own search, bring in your own people and do your own investigation at the same time. We don't have to just sit back and wait for them do something and then rely 100% of third world technology and methods to find our own people.
You are expecting a politician who's also an Australian to make an intelligent remark. Losing proposition right from the beginning there.
The smartest thing that the US could do right now is to check this out. The antique that is being used off the coast of Australia only works about 60% of the time with this type of depth. Also at that kind of depth an airline structure will be crushed. It's very unlikely that it is going to resemble a plane. I've thought it was at best a wild goose chase from the beginning. Remember everybody got all excited when the satellites showed what looked like debris fields. This has become an 'ego' trip for the experts. A lot of them are going to lose a lot of altitude if they are wrong. So, now that their 'best guess' blew up in their face, they are all saying that it may take up to six months to find anything. Horse Feathers! With over 200 people most likely deceased, all steps should be to follow up on ever lead. I'm disgusted with the whole bunch of them. Hiding the fact that this information was available weeks ago is criminal to me.
JAMES, I agree with you, common sense should dictate that we check every possible thing we come upon, not ignore information handed to you by outside sources. Check everything.!!!
There is something very fishy in all this. The 20 Freescale top people flying in the same plane, which I also read their company was into some new technology material, to make objects and people seem to disappear (and the plane and they disappeared). Also the two passengers with fake passports who were immediately cleared; the pilot and his Diego Garcia make believe machine, and many other facts that would make a very interesting book plot by late Agatha Christie or a movie plot too fantastic to be considered even somehow real.
That's it. They are down there but we can't see them as they made the plane invisible.
I just don't get it. they heard what they were sure was the black box pingers few weeks ago and they said you have to be within about 2 miles to hear them. so, they send down the blue dolphin sup and find nothing.. they would have had it narrowed down to about 2 mile radius, even if they moved it out 10 miles, they found nothing. I doubt they will ever find this plane assuming it even existed in the first place. Had it not been for the victims families I would think the plane never existed.
They were told about this other wreckage over a month ago, everyone refuses to even take a look, and still deny its there without even looking while they say they are confident its where they say it is with absolutely zero physical evidence. this whole thing stunk from the very beginning and now is unbearable to even smell. They may have realized it was hijacked and had it shot down and now no one wants to take responsibility. Either way I just pray for the families that this story just doesn't go dormant like the Fukushima nuclear meltdown that is still leaking nuclear material into the air and ocean and everyone just ignores it. There is over 200 people missing and they are putting on a show.
Makes you wonder whether JACC's pride is getting in the way and they don't want to look like "fools". HOWEVER, GeoResonance has an EXACT location unlike JACC that has a search area of "60,000 square miles", not a location. Why can't we go to the EXACT location that GeoResonance has found and check it out? Australia's going to spend $60 million at looking at 60,000 square miles. How much could it cost to go to ONE location the size of THE PLANE and check it out?
give me a snookel and mask, I'll do it for 20 bucks!
The Australian search team and a satellite company say that they are "confident" and are relying on information and other data (radar) to determine the missing aircraft's whereabouts, and the location of GeoResonance report was not within that search arch. GeoResonance began it's search when the search efforts were in the Bay of Bengal, and moved on with it's research despite the official search team ruling it out weeks ago. GeoResonance began looking for aluminum, which makes up about 70% of the Boeing 777. Once it got a hit for aluminum, it looked for other metals such as; copper, steel, nickel, iron and chromium. The result - a set of images that show what could be the parts of an intact plane. GeoResonance' team have repeatedly send their findings to the official searchers, but their e-mails and phone calls have gone unanswered. GeoResonance is a large group of scientists , who are being ignored, and believe that they have a moral obligation to get their findings to the authorities. The arrogant Australia's Joint Agency Coordination center, which is leading the multi-national search dismisses GeoResonance' claim, and says the officials are "satisfied" with the data that show the plane is LIKELY in the southern Indian Ocean, and NOT in the Bay of Bengal. GeoResonance is NOT saying that they found flight MH370. They are simply reporting their findings and are urging the official search team to go back to the Bay of Bengal and take a look. Satellites and radars do NOT penetrate down to the ocean floor. This is where GeoResonance's expertise comes in. They have the technology used to find oil, gas, ground water, uranium and even diamonds. Is a company who searches for nuclear, biological and chemical weaponry under the ocean or beneath the earth in bunkers. Sub-surface exploration has NEVER been so precise. GeoResonace also uses it's resources to locate submerged structures, including ships and aircrafts. The Malaysian authorities have the obligation to follow up on credible leads. They also owe this to the missing passengers families. What if GeoResonance actually found the missing Malaysian MH370 aircraft?
You have hit the nail squarely on the head. It would not surprise me to see GeoResonance just say to hell with you people and go their own way. Then after two years of searching and coming up with nothing wouldn't it be neat if they did search the area GeoResonance discovered "something" and found MH370! That won't ever happen though because it would be a black eye on all those who say "it can't be there!" Even if they did search and find it what kind of a cover up would happen then. "Oh, we did find something but it is too deep to get to so we can't be sure it is part of MH370!"
And even if it is ANOTHER aircraft; doesn't THAT aircraft deserve to be found?
Okay I too have an imagination. What if what they have found is a bomber which went down in 1945? What if it has an atom bomb in it ? Is it that GeoResonance needs to develop the capability to do its own recovery if it does not yet have it? Would it not be a huge feather in their cap if they did find it where they say it is? Or is it that what is there in the Bay of Bengal would cause problems for some huge political power? Maybe Russia should finance the recovery. That would tighten their link with China and accomplish other political bonuses. Who is willing to put in some bucks? Speaking of that, is Vegas offering some odds?
You should copy the thing you wrote here and send them to the Malaysia airline facebook!!
They waited and gave out fake misleading information to buy time for the transponders batteries to go dead so it would never be found, now they are putting on a fake search, that's why 26 countries flying and boating around have come up with absolutely no evidence. There is at least one govt if not more that is involved in this, someone knows something and they are doing everything they can to keep the truth from coming out. I find it really disturbing that over 200 people can just vanish and everyone just goes to the next story. One thing is for sure, this was no accident and someone out their still knows where it is and what happened. The pure thought that they will not go search a report of wreckage in the North, which was reported over a month ago, when they have 26 countries searching with zero results only puts the conspiracy govt cover up that more reasonable.
It seems a bit high-handed to say to the new group, that it couldn't be where you have indicated, because even though we know more than you do, we really don't have a clue where the airliner is. I'd be for checking out any clue that comes from a reputable "seeming source". Maybe I'm wrong, but with the world's technology it's getting to the point of ridiculousness that nobody can come up with anything. . If it turns up hidden in another country, we ought to bomb hell out of the country, for causing all the grief, wasted time, and money.
Hunting of MH370 "Just the place for MH370!" the Bellman cried, As he landed his crew with care; Supporting each man on the top of the tide By a finger entwined in his hair. "Just the place for a MH370! I have said it twice: That alone should encourage the crew. Just the place for a MH370! I have said it thrice: What I tell you three times is true." (apologies to Lewis Carroll) The Australian Pingman things he found MH370, said it three times, so it must be true. Hope the geeks are right, but suspect they just bloody arrogant idiots.
JACC seems pretty damned certain that plane is off Australia, despite the fact that no conclusive evidence has been found. I'd guess they have some fairly unambiguous intelligence from some platform they do not want to acknowledge (maybe a passing ballistic missile submarine? Or some kind of satellite reconnaissance capability we don't want to tip people off that we possess?) . Certainly, if GeoResonance is right and everyone else is wrong (a *very* big if... this could just be a "hail mary" to score some free publicity on their part), a lot of people from a variety of governments are going to look like fools.
they have lots of evidence, that is why they are searching where they are, inform yourself.
the truth is not out there
kingofmars, they are not searching anymore. "...aircraft and ships from Japan, China, the United States, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand are now returning to their regular duties."
@Kingofmars- they have circumstantial evidence. They have a mathematically reconstructed envelope of where the plane could have been when ACARS transmissions were made, and they also have an estimate of the heading at the time of those transmissions. They also have a mathematically derived estimate of flight range at probable altitude based on fuel loads. What they do *NOT* have, is any solid, tangible evidence that their mathematical modeling is in fact correct- no shred of the aircraft has been found, not so much as a paper napkin. Not a single promising return from side-scan sonar. Nothing. As such, they are either assigning tremendous confidence to novel modeling products with unknown error rates, *or* they have additional reasons to focus on the area in question.
King, they DONT have evidence, and that is why they have found NOTHING.
yes yes, I know, that is why hundreds, maybe thousands of men and women that are EXPERTS in this kind of thing have all ended up in the same spot searching, if they would have just contacted all of the geniuses on yahoo comments they could have resolved this a long time ago, I am not going to respond to too many of your comments because it is pointless, but to the one that claimed they have called off the search, WHERE DO YOU GET YOUR INFO?? they have not called off any search, they have called off the joint AIR seach, and have decided to turn over the underwater search to private contractors, THAT ARE ALSO EXPERTS, to continue searching in the same locations, you people are unbelievable, you spend all your time believing little fables that you read from the internet, all of it is hype, none of it researched, wake the he)( up and start thinking for yourselves sometime,
Or they are helping in the cover up for a power that does know more and doesn't want the plane found.
yes, just like sandy hook, irs, landing on the moon, etc etc, you people are nuts, it is almost impossible to get even a few people to commit a "cover up", do you seriously think you could get thousands of people from different countries to work together on a huge cover up, come on.
People relied to heavily on the 30 days of pinging and they dragged their feet. On Monday morning, ships should have been dispatched to search the areas thought to have been path of plane. Malaysia knew more information than they shared 3-4 days later when they got information regarding the satellite pings but they dismissed it. Now the job of finding the aircraft is significantly harder because people didn't look initially with the same intensity. If you didn't know any better, you would almost think Malaysia didn't want to find the plane and this was why they delayed everything.
In light of the fact that they have found NOTHING and have not been positive about ANYTHING..they don't think taking a peek at what the Geothermal Company CEO has presented by allocating some resources for a search of the Bay of Bengal is worth a peek? REALLY? Despite the fact that the location is plausible..not like their saying they found wreckage off the shores of NY...CNN stated yesterday that "all the brilliant minds are working on the search" so they are discounting this new possibility. Reminds me of the Titanic survivors who described to scientists what they saw and experienced when the ship snapped in half and sank. For years theorists stated the first account eye witnesses were mistaken. Years later, scientific team confirmed eyewitnesses were right all along..duh. Could have saved a lot of time and money on this investigation. Geniuses don't always have the answers. Feel sorry for the families of MH370 good luck with getting the truth which is that they have NOTHING and are more concerned with not looking like fools instead of investigating every possibility..
Whoever found the wreckage, should take pictures of it, and plaster it all over the internet!
I could understand if they don't want to transfer valuable resources to a new search location just yet. But to have your only response be "I think that we have been looking in the right place" is irresponsible. ANY new data should not be summarily dismissed like that.
"GeoResonance says on its website that it offers a unique and proven method of geophysical survey that detects electromagnetic fields from various chemical elements" -it is possible they may be a bunch of quacks. Let's wait 8 months and see what the underwater searchers find.
How not to find a plane!
Perhaps there's a reason that we don't WANT to believe that this is the same aircraft.
They will send a small submersible Im sure. They are just not going to abandon the current search to go on a wild goose chase.
Howie, "They are just not going to abandon the current search to go on a wild goose chase." They already did abandon the search. "After weeks of fruitless searching some 4.5 million sq km (1.7 million sq miles) of the remote southern Indian Ocean for floating debris, aircraft and ships from Japan, China, the United States, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand are now returning to their regular duties."
This plane was stolen nd is hidden on land some where. It will show back up as a weapon one day.
My take is that they (the Malaysians and others) may not want to find it there because of legal reasons and all negative input that would occur to them if it did turn out that they plane was in the Bay of Bengal. I could hear the lawyers salivating on this scenario right now. They should just swallow their pride and at least, go check it out.
US doesn't want ANYONE to find that plane.
I feel like if I was a family member of one of the lost passengers I would be so frustrated that someone should find even remote evidence and no one was willing to look into it.
My sentiments exactly, Michelle. Leave to women to spot the implausibilities of existing, ego-driven theories being displayed by this male-driven "search task force" - something apparently everyone else, except those involved, can easily see has already been riddled with clusterfk-type missteps all along. Faved.
Oh and Winifred? Where did you get your deductive reasoning skills? From the inbred hollars you were raised in? The US has the LEAST - or right there at the bottom - number of passengers on that plane. Whatever makes you think the US doesn't want this plane found? Do you honestly think there's some conspiracy with the Malaysian government involved here or something? People like you scare me. Go back to your hollar, Winifred or better yet back to school to learn some common sense.
Same old story. They are ignored because if they are right, then it is embarrassing to the people who were so very, very wrong. Their egos can't stand the thought of that so they just ignore the information and declare it cannot be right because they went a different direction that must be right or they look like fools. They need to get their collective heads out of their collective b___s and to look at that other wreckage. How hard can that be?
Some thing is happening there we do not understand. Michlie is right to say that in spite of the fact that they "found NOTHING and have not been positive about ANYTHING" the people up there do not seem to want to have a look at the shallow areas of the Bay of Bengal. WHY? May be this is also a business of some sort because somebody ultimately have to pay the bills. Money is always there in the background and this time it may go up to billions but not a look elsewhere? In another letter yesterday I suggested that the wreck in the Bay of Bengal should be watched and guarded so that the wreck is not damaged again.
I have not seen much commentary of late as to why there has been no floating debris found anywhere. Yes, it's a big ocean, but if the plane crashed and broke apart, it is a certainty that some remnants would stay on the surface. With the very thorough understanding of ocean currents that oceanographers have, I would have to believe searchers have been tracing those currents looking for some trace of wreckage. The fact that they have found nothing either indicates they haven't been following the currents (which I would find unlikely), or they haven't found any evidence at all and are not advertising that fact.
Of course if this is true Maylasia can't go back and say oh sorry folks, plane went down in Bay of Bengal...oops our mistake...again...Bay of Bengal was my first guess then Indian Ocean...I hope and pray the families find comfort. Weeks of searching and nothing although they claimed to be so confident in the area? Check it out and see if that's MH370 and if not then you know it's something similar, maybe another downed and lost plane...
On CNN Tuesday night a report with 1 of the analysts from Perth stated that the area where GeoResonance has detected an appearance of an aircraft wreckage site that this was an area where ships are broken up and sunk to the bottom in the Bay of Bengal so there would be quite a bit of debris down in that area. The other areas where suspected debris or fuel oil was found turned out to be from ships. The major difference of course would be to differentiate the detection of a major field of aluminum alloy in that Bay area vs. steel and iron. The broken up and sunk ships would be free of fuel oil. If there is a 777 down there at that location, then there could be some jet fuel remaining unless it was all jettisoned in the air as a way to take down the plane. I think some further detection in that area couldn't hurt to try.
The Brit-Aussie powers are basically saying they would rather the plane be not found than that their arc THEORY be wrong. I wonder how other reports and leads were thrown out because it wasn't on their imaginary arc???? Someone in the private sector will get curious and history won't be terribly kind in the books that will be written on the investigation if the plane is not found and all the leads that were tossed because they didn't fit the investigator's personal favorite. Someday a cold case team will be formed and maybe then other lost threads will be investigated.
Lets not squash the egos of everyone who has looked in the wrong place! Jeez it wouldn't hurt you bozos who think they now it all! Whoever is in charge is a moron and either they know where it is and do not want it found for sake of a wasted millions of dollars or they can't except a smaller company found it and they are afraid to look like cr@p! Show us proof you morons other than a few sub pings which they said it could have been. Eye witnesses of a plane going down from numerous people have come forward and all I can think is this is a cover up and being led on a wild goose chase. Australian govmt must be being paid to keep people away from the truth which is hi jacked and landed, shot down because they believe it entered space zones that it shouldn't or the pilot committed suicide. Why fly it so far away to just end it all? Cover up to save some countries butt is all this is appearing to be!
Have you ever read about the study which basically proved that the less people know about something, the more they think they know? You are a case study.
What I don't understand is why the JACC wouldn't say "Well we know it's in the Indian Ocean, and we don't believe your claims about the Bay of Bengal, BUT would your company please come join our search effort in the Indian Ocean, since it is a resource we don't have." Wouldn't it be an asset to have GeoResonance there and present in the Indian Ocean for the search? It sounds like they use a process no one else uses, and maybe it would help them in their search? You know but first, you'd have to go CHECK the Bay of Bengal, even if it's NOT MN370 and is some other plane, well it was found then wasn't it? Logic would suggest, that you would want to utilize that technology to assist with the search WHEREVER it is. So go check it out. What harm could that cause? If it turns out to be absolutely nothing, well then you know. If it's another different plane, well then you have another resource to help you find MH370. My Lord, why the road block?
They don't want anyone near the search zone because they are using some highly classified military technology in this search. Remember, the Chinese are involved in this and China thinks they are an ascendant military power. Nobody want's to let them know who we're going to find their subs.
READ THIS AND THINK! I am the hi jacker, I did everything possible to hide the flight path of this acft ... I even headed south before dropping below the deck to avoid radar. Once I knew I was invisible I headed north to Pakistan, where all terrorists go. I fooled you all that cannot think outside the box. Why would anyone be searching south in the first place is my question, what lead them there of all places and why can't they admit it's not where the acft is?
yep exactly its in pakistan for sure just waitin...........
Waiting for what, Gaffers? Nearly 240 bodies that were passengers and crew would be a little difficult to hide, without any outsider knowing, wouldn't you think? Let alone luggage and cargo. And all the hassle of planning to abduct a plane load of people when if someone was after a plane there are other alternatives in just obtaining one. It would be quite a risk to take with so many witnesses if you didn't want to be found out. If that's what happened, whoever it was must have a lot of money to pay for the refuelling of the plane, since it would be a little difficult going to the nearest garage to fill it up with fuel that can't be bought at a garage. In other words, if you can afford the fuel for a plane, you must be able to afford to buy one. Do you think a country like Pakistan would want to nick a plane with the Yanks looking for any excuse to start a war? I don't think so. This is the real world, not Sci-Fi.
The altered flight plan as detected from military radars of Malaysia, Thailand was diverted toward west north west were Diego Garcia island, a US military base is located, Yemen and Somalia and of course farther north of Afghanistan and Pakistan were Taliban thrives, the plane might have been landed without being seen in radars, Pakistan will never say the thruth, as what they did to hide Osama bin Laden but keep on milking and fooled the US to finance their military spending while the most wanted person on earth was in their soil.
Don't tell me--you work for the CIA?
It never could have made it as far as Yemen or Somalia. Not enough fuel to get that far. Diego Garcia would have been right at the upper limit.
You will have to answer one question before I can ever believe that....What would be so important to risk World War III. Any country including the US or Pakistan or Iran would risk war in taking part of highjacking of a civilian airplane (especially with one full of chinese nationals)....an airplane by the way that could be bought or similar one on the open/black market...that's if they wanted to use the plane for something. I more incline to believe a highjack attempt for hostage that went wrong by a small rouge group terrorist where plane ended up crashing into the ocean.
Never put anything past the U.S. government.
I remember reading an article by a retired commercial pilot who said if the plane had mechanical problems the experienced pilot would likely have been looking for the closest airport he knew of to land at, and would be heading toward land not towards the Indian Ocean He said if a fire inside incapacitated the crew it would fly that direction on autopilot until it ran out of fuel. This location should be looked at since it's possible that if it was mechanical failure or hijacked it would have a high probability of heading that direction.
Yes, and one thing not really talked about.. after the initial deviation from it's course the airplane flew right back over Malaysia where it took off from. I am going to assume that since it took off there it could have landed there as well...
The Malaysian government knows the exact location of MH370. There has been too many lies and too many false reports to believe anything else. The nearly 2 months MH370 has been missing means that aircraft has the possibility of being anywhere in the world completely undetected by now. The chemicals discovered would mean MH370 was shot down by Malaysian government. Which then means Malaysian Military did scramble jets when they detected an unidentified aircraft in their airspace. The British pings (handshakes) then would be faked if that happened. British satellites had communication for up to 8 hours with an unidentified object assumed to be MH370. Only way to explain this would be if the aircraft was shot down and the piece making the handshakes maybe floated for nearly 8 hours. Most important information in this whole mystery is the fact that it took over 4 hours to report the craft as missing. Next is the announcement that the plane went down in the Indian Ocean and there were no survivors without any evidence. This entire investigation has given that plane time to go anywhere. The Malaysian government does not want the plane located. Finding that plane means the world will know exactly what really happened. Honestly are their any other facts in this entire investigation? We hear "facts" then Malaysia changes the story and the facts are no longer facts. It took 4+hours to report the plane missing is a fact. The government reported "MH370 was lost in the Indian Ocean and nobody survived" only a short time after the plane went missing with absolutely no evidence of this is the other fact. So in theory that plane was either meant to go missing and they decided to report the plane as missing to explain the loss of passengers. Or there was some type of mechanical issue causing the transponders and communication devices to not work. The pilot tried returning to the Malaysian airport and made an error or typo then ended up over that military base and was shot down. In that case the government didn't want it exposed that a mistake like that was made. That would explain why they so easily dismissed it. If that plane was found and investigated and discovered that's what happened would be an embarrassment to them. They say the reason for all the lies and misleading facts were to "save face". Once the truth is known, they wont be able to save face any longer. Its really a logical explaination and could be seen as an honest mistake. Considering planes have been used by terrorists as explosive devices its only logical if an unknown aircraft was invading military airspace and did not identify themselves that military jets would scramble and shoot it down before it could do harm. Unfortunately after 2 months of searching and investigating if it was discovered that MH370 was shot down then the Malaysian government really looks bad. It would then be proof that they knew all along. Someone needs to go investigate the area for sure. This story needs closure especially for the families. It will be very sad if this ends up being an honest mistake turned into a huge investigation.
It wouldn't be too extraordinarily difficult to check the wreckage that was found, would it? After all, most of the searches thus far are coming up on a rather dead note as of now. Earlier in the search, they were saying that the studied trajectory and "pings" in the water were good leads, but not enough to state that MH370 was in that area. Now that there is tangible wreckage that could be the plane, they're acting as if the one they located is the only possible location, without exception. It really does seem as if they have their tails between their legs, since discovering that the debris was there all along would show that a) their mathematic trajectories were incorrect, b) there is (or at least, was) something unidentifiable "ping"ing in the ocean somewhere, and c) a lot of people overlooked it, since with how much searching they've performed no wreckage was found.
WE think it is here but have yet to find anything...Then tells the company that they are wrong but has no proof to show them they are wrong. Make all of this hustle and bustle on finding the plane but when pointed with a big technological piece of evidence they ignore it for a blurry picture from the chinese and yet if I look on google earth right now I can look anywhere on the planet and clearly make out better pictures of planes than the ones given by the chinese. With the way we are going now we will never find the plane and the people who are impacted by this will never get the answers they need. What a shame.
JACC, Malaysian Airlines and the Malaysian government do not want the MH370's crash to be a result of terrorist activities. Finding the airplane in the Bay of Bengal would give the appearance that the plane was possibly being flown to Pakistan, Afghanistan or other country where the Taliban or Al Qaeda could have built a remote airfield so they could load the plane with explosives and use it in a terrorist attack. In the Air Force in the early 70's I remember hearing of US Special Forces building an airfield inside North Vietnam that could land C-130's. Today Air Force Combat Controllers train in building remote airfields so this is possible.
i think that malaysia would prefer a hijack situation rather than a pilot going out and becoming suicidal, or a mechanical failure. either could become a bigger issue for the airline, as a bigger internal problem. the current search site is not really that far away from the possible sighting.
Unless it was a crippled plane with no communications that ditched at sea there.
It is a good plot for Hollywood
We agree with you both that those t&a seem to be the most likely to have DONE THIS TO THE PEOPLE ON THE PLANE. THEY SEEM TO HATE ALL WHO DON'T BELIEVE AND THINK THEIR WAY.
If it comes out that Malaysian government already knew what happened to the plane, but instead of admitting it decided to have multiple countries go on a billion dollar wild goose chase, would they be expected to reimburse the other countries that spent the time and money on the search? Given that government's actions since this entire thing started, with covering information or changing reports, it is conceivable that they may know a lot more than they are letting on but are covering it up to protect themselves
Soo, they knew the batteries in the pinger only lasted a month. They wait 28 days to send a ship to listen to the pings. Then , well we think we heard one after five weeks but we are not sure. It's amazing that they are using black boxes designed in the eighties. With todays technology they could transmit gps coordinates instead of a little hammer hitting a drum. I guess I can see their point. I always liked my two tin cans and waxed string telephone. Worked great and never needed batteries.
They didn't know where to send the ships. You make it seem like they knew where to send them, but chose not to for 28 days. They can't just send ships to scour the entire Indian Ocean, South China Sea, Bay of Bengal, etc. That would take decades. They narrowed it down to Southern Indian Ocean and sent the ships out.
That is the point I was trying to make. They still have no clue where to look. They have planes that cost millions with old technology. If I cannot find my car in a large parking lot I push the panic button on my key and listen for my horn and flashing head lights. Even my cell phone if lost or stolen can be tracked to within twenty feet. For them to say that well, we have it narrowed down to ten thousand square miles is unacceptable.
My question is...'are pingers from black boxes specific to a flight?'. Are there any missing black boxes or black box components?'. After all this effort and work, it just seems the whole thing has been faked. At this point I wouldn't be surprised to find the plane in the mideast or south Asia.
I think all pingers are the same. I doubt that it is in the middle east . It would of required refueling to make it there.
If this company "GeoResonance " has a capability to search under water or in seabed why this Australian-led search team or who ever in-charge in the search wont give a chance to take a quick look in this area " Bay of Bengal" for possibilities instead relying only the information of satellite which is already ends up of zero result. Hmmmm... seems something's fishy in this search now. I thought we have only one goal here just to FIND THE MISSING MH370 For God sake Australia, consider all the possibilities or any report from other groups that trying to help to locate this missing MH370. The family was waiting all the best result in the search so, please hide your Ego in this moment. Consider this word "ONE BAND ONE SOUNDS ONE WORLD". Lean hand in hand to get a better result instead spending another millions of dollars for the fruitless result.
I think that to just blow off or to not give a look at the found wreckage is just an insult to everyone and especially the families of the MH370 passengers. I'm sure they don't want to check it out because of a fear of NOT having their facts and data straight. I don't care if it turns out to be a waste of time The Powers That Be should be looking at everything floating in the oceans of that area, just to make sure that they aren't missing anything.
I agree, however calling the possible crash site "wreckage" is jumping to conclusions.
Actually this is a political conspiracy thing. The plane has been hidden and just a week prior to the November election, our leader will invite the democrat senators that are up for re-election to accompany him on a trip India or in that area. They will observe 'something' from AF 1 and fly closer to look at it and will see the plane. Our leader will direct AF1 to land on a sandy beach near-by and all the senators pile out and rescue MH370's passengers thus ensuring their "hero" status and re-election. Also, Hillary will be on the flight to enhance her status too. Just as good as any other theory on here.
We live in a world where your own daughter can get in a car, go to the Mall, or a movie, or to school, and you know exactly where she is at all times, simple GPS technology. Businesses that own a fleet of trucks or vehicles, know exactly where they are at all times, 24/7, through GPS technology. Suffice to say that we are living with the same technology we had when Amelia Earhart's plane went down.Which is no technology at all. The Airline systems currently have been out of date for years, but the strong lobbyist in Washington has all but put a stop to any new technological upgrade.A missing plane should never happen with the technology available today.
Turn off your daughters cell phone and then try and find her. Now do you get it?
She can turn off her phone Dale, but if she is driving a newer vehicle, she can be tracked with GPS too. Think transponder in the tail of the plane, unreachable from inside. Get it?
Yeah, Dale, we get it. But why the hell would/should you turn off your flight's transponder? Why should you be able to in the first place??
Yeah, Dale, we get it. But why the hell would/should you turn off your flight's transponder? Why should you be able to in the first place?? These systems are outdated. I still fly on commercial flights that have ash trays in the arm rests....that's how old these planes are, and many of their systems are just as old.
Dan, try using your Iphone's GPS system in the middle of an ocean...you'll see there are limits to today's technology. Your phone, your car, your ipad...they all use cell towers to triangulate a position. How many cell towers do you think are in the middle of the ocean?
The satellite is often disconnected on trucks, when need be.
We are talking about satellite technology. The point is, the technology is there, but we are not using it.
Andrew, Dan is talking about his iphone, that's not Sat tech, it's cell tower tech.
Dan, you are talking about your iphone...that's not SATELLITE technology, that's CELL PHONE TOWER technology. The "S" in your "phone GPS" doesn't stand for "Satellite", it stands for "system"...because it doesn't use satellites.
in an earlier article it was stated that the georesonance find will not be investigated because it would mean that the government military radar in every country in the vicinity of the plane's flight failed to pick up a jumbo jet. If found to be true this would be very embarrassing and revealing for all of those governments. As we have learned, politicians will do, say, lie, ignore, kill, reform etc., anything that might make them lose face. Sad that this is what we are seeing when it comes to lives of other humans.
Anonymous the Hactavist Group is on YouTube with a message that was intercepted from a passenger's cell phone. Just type in Anonymous message missing flight and watch what they have! He said the plane was taken over by military personnel and that he and others were being held. The phone GPS put the call from an Island out there (US Base) called Diego Garcia. Watch this!
If the aircraft crashed into the Bay of Bengal, it wouldn't have flown over ANY civilian or military radar coverage once it flew over Thailand (which was already established). Radar coverage is 'line of sight' with a range of 200nm, there are no radar installations (or cell towers) in the middle of the ocean. Just like there are no civilian cell towers on Diego Garcia... hence, no cell calls from there.
Think about it - i tried to find the utube video and found nothing... Post the name or the person who posted it. :)
Correct me if I'm wrong here, but don't we, by which I mean every major world power, have hundreds of billion $ satellites circling the planet 24/7?...eye's in the sky so to say. There HAS to be an image of a smoke/fire plume or debris floating(crash), or a suspicious landing strip, SOMETHING! This is BS!, We have ridiculous amounts of tech available today and we cant seem to find a rather large metal object full of technology, cell phones, laptops and other devices that are linked to any one of those satellites at any given moment. I understand that the search area is quite large, but this is ridiculous.
its just amazing that we know more about mars and what is going on in outer space than we know about our own planet !!! and not 1 soul on that plane had a smart phone or laptop turned on when it just went poof into thin air ? well call me crazy but I think I smell a big load of bs !! I don't care what the angle of any crash or speed it plowed into the water there would have been fuel and hydraulic fluid and debris on the surface !! so there better damn well be a head count on how many of them big planes there are and where they are and where they are headed !!! I think that it will turn up and it wont be in the water !!!!
They dismissed it just like that? Personally the images that GeoResonance released shows a lot more than the lack of physical evidence the current search team off the coast of Australia has been able to produce. If I was smart, I'd at the very least go take a peek, and rule it out 100%. It is within the northern arc that they originally ruled out, but that means nothing. It's not like they searched the whole thing. GeoResonance has been searching since the second day the plane was missing.
At this point who to say anybody is wrong, that being said the case for the Bay Of Bengal find from what I can tell from the pictures released is that it is a lost airplane or perhaps a small ship as their equipment detects metal it depicts a very intact shape that would be unlikely if the airliner simply crashed into the Ocean
Gotta love this clusterfk of a search task force - at least admit THAT YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE THE SAMHILL THE PLANE MIGHT BE! So, instead of investigating ANY possibility that might ACTUALLY point to its resting place, they automatically dismiss it. Could it be because if they actually DO find the plane in another area it might cause them to look stupid and those search organizations might lose out on the big ticket bucks they're getting from all these international governments - especially the US - funding their "search"? Hahahahahaha! I'll bet you the GeoResonance guys are found to be right after all and that the task force searching oceans away will have some pi**-poor, (no doubt finger-pointing at Malaysian officials) excuse why they went with "their own" search criteria instead of giving a, quite possibly, credible source a try with the intent to bring closure to the passengers' families being more important than their saving face. This is precisely why these search missions take so long - because of the conflicting (MALE) egos involved in the entire exercise and how it might impact their positions of power or the money they and their contractors can make from stretching the entire operation out, instead of being more focused and concerned with those who matter more than their egos, namely the families of those lost on this flight and finding the lost plane.
Sounds like the Australians and their companions in the search feels that they know where the plane is and are not saying. A private company found something and they are refusing to check it, because the item found is not where they expect it to be, either they know where the plane is or are embarrassed to see that the private company uncovered what they could not do with all of their modern equipment!!!!!!!
Have to admit It was a well planned and very well executed hijacking of a $350 million dollar Boeing 777 aircraft. They just disappeared. Also it proves likely advantages of a black sky midnight hijacking flight when most passengers and air defenses were nodding off, eliminating the view for a couple of savvy passengers that might figure out a wrong sun angle in the windows raising suspicions about flying a questionable compass heading or identify wrong ground terrain for the flight. This has the makings of a mystery for years to come, maybe forever. Meanwhile, now it is more than a month later and the Pakistani's have it well hidden under a cover or shelter undetectable from satellite or local prying eyes.
It's in a hangar somewhere in Malaysia. Look, Bush 2 knew about, and even helped the 9/11 highjackers. Proof?? "The Project for the New American Century" Now that a peace loving liberal has been elected, our footprint in the Middle East is going away. In 2 years, another war loving murdering khuntservative will be "elected" like Bush 2 was in Florida, and MH370 will be used to bring down the Freedom Tower so Amurika can re-establish a footprint in the oil fields and control the global economy like it's doing now by manipulating who gets oil at what cost.
Thus the IMMEDIATE mis-information by the Malaysian government, the "lack" of radar evidence even though America has 2 military bases within range of the flight path, used to monitor N Korea and China. We have satellites that can pick up the whereabouts of a terrorist anywhere on Earth, which is why BinLaden stayed indoors. But somehow, magically, a plane with passengers that have cell phones disappears with no trace. I would stay away from the next skyscraper that has mysterious unmarked trucks and workers that come in after hours without work orders or company logos.
Ohhh -- Bush 2 hijacked the plane, Stupid?
you really should take a minute and go find your missing tin-foil hat
Hey #$%$, were you in Special Ed.
The problem with the theory that the aircraft was hijacked to Pakistan is that a conspiracy that large would be impossible to keep secret.
I disagree about the chances of finding any floating debris to be "now remote." as the plane had a lot of things in it that would float for eternity. What is it they always tell us about our seat cushions?
In spite of the rough seas in that area, do you think he might have been skillful enough to land it more or less intact and let it sink. The massive pressure under weight of 3 miles of water would crush it like a tin can with little escaping?
That reckage should be looked at. there is nothing dummer that refusing a suggestion because the person thinks its not possable. There was a plane crash in the eastern country mountains that couldnt be located. A psychic said that it was at a certain elevation. the searcher said that it couldnt be that high.. The survivors ate dead people in order to stay alive until two survivors were able to walk out for help.. They crashed at the elivation that the searcher was told to check.
you could use a little more schooling and you watch too many movies!
that was the plane that went down in the andes mountains. soccer team on board. several survivors, & they crashed into a mountain. it's one of the reasons i maintain hope that passengers will be found
Didn't they make a movie about that plane in the Andes? and maybe they can ask a seer for the location of this flight. They claim to be able to give you the winning lottery numbers in advance, this is worth a try, seeing they have NOTHING to go on, while spending millions or more on that pleasure trip search.
Yes, a movie was made, and I watched it.. I also agree with you. a Seer, ( physic ) would be of some service, if only to verify that the search area ic correct.
Not sure why people are calling the work that this company does Voodoo?! They have been around since 2003 and have worked on many projects, to include locating WWII munitions buried in sediment at the bottom of the Black Sea. Their method seem to be more logical than flying planes around hoping to spot some debris floating somewhere out there. On a personal note, I am suspicious about the pings that were detected. 3/4 of the passengers were Chinese and I am sure that China wants this thing to end quickly and also be the ones to find the plane. My theory is that they dropped 2 pingers with a similar frequency to what everyone was searching for near the area where everyone thought the plane was. This would let them say that they, even if the wreckage was not found, were the ones to discover the crash location and that the plane went into the ocean killing all aboard. This would end all the unwanted media coverage of the protests by family members that is drawing attention from around the world. It also explains how they were able to "detect" the sounds with such primitive equipment. What they did not count on was the current carrying the pingers 300 miles north and drifting 17 miles apart. Australia is relying too much on pingers that may not even be from the plane and satellite data that may or may not be correct. I am not for sending the entire search group to the location provided by GeoResonance, but I do thing that they should try to get someone from that area to at least motor out there and have a look.
I like how they dismiss every independent lead because they couldn't possibly be credible. Like their search has been a raving success.
The fact that there were a bunch of executives on board the plane who worked for a firm that works on stealth and cloaking technology coupled with the fact the plane was carrying a bunch of batteries is just too weird. Add to that the fact they haven't found the plane and its a conspiracy theorists wet dream. Hope they find it so the families can have peace and we can all figure out what really happened.
First off, if the plane was actually seen by Maldives residents, which would be about 3000 feet ASL, then there is noway possible the plane is where they say it is off Australia.
why not look in the Bay of Bengal. They are not having any luck looking elsewhere.
I believe that GeoResonance has hit the jackpot and the most sane bit of evidence! The plane was heading towards Pakistan and the bay of Bengal is on route and where it would come down if it did run out of fuel. The JACC is nowhere near the plane, they have produced ZERO results and the fact that the JACC is NOT investigating it means that there is someone who is hiding something! The Malay government does NOT want the black boxes found and going there would probably produce some results! They have over 10 ships looking in fantasyland! Having 1 ship peel off to go check the Bengal data would not jeopardize anything right now...actually moving all the ships would be fine because they are looking for a ghost off Perth!
Also, the new black box batteries last 90 days and since the 777s are brand new, they have 90 day batteries.
All this searching is nothing but bull. The plane landed safely and has been repainted and is being loaded with a dirty bomb and will enter US airspace with the passengers safely on board pleading for their lives from the f18s that are going to have to shoot it down for lack of authorization..
What is confusing me is, Australia is saying that the wreckage, pieces of the plane, more than likely has been water soaked and sank. Then why is the ocean full of trash? I would think all the ocean garbage would sink!!!
Life jackets and seat cushions that are supposed to be floatation devices "sink"? that's encouraging.
I just flew from India to Florida. Airports were packed. A million zillion flights a day going everywhere. This Malay fight goes missing. One flight out of billions. It vanished. If I drove my car millions or a billion miles what are the odds I go over a cliff and vanish? Pretty good odds so I don't think this missing plane is so amazing or strange. One question? Was the final ping showing its end position in line to correspond with an empty tank of plane fuel? This would answer LOTS of questions and eliminate it being on land somewhere.
I think the final ping was well before the maximum time on a tank of fuel. I did a search on "arc flight 370" on google and a number of illustrations came up. Maybe they were not the latest analysis of what the satellite picked up. But it appears that they have been assuming that the plane was on autopilot and a fixed bearing and projecting maximum range from the last satellite pick-up. If there were some change in course from the path inferred from the satellite pick-ups, it looks like the Bay of Bengal location was within range considering the fuel available. A change in course could even have been pre-programmed into the flight computer.
I don't think they know because there are "theories" that the plane dipped to well below 35, 000 feet which would increase the fuel burn. I think they have to know the altitude to calculate where it would have ran out of fuel. Yes, I agree with you on coverage. Plane crashes generate tons of attention because they're so rare whereas car crashes happen constantly
errrmmmm there are a lot more cars than there are planes ya tit!!!
I keep wondering, why don't they search the bottom of the ocean with real submarines with real people in the submarines? Is it impossible to do that?
ok it's impossible, would be good if they could.
You know why the WORLD is so screwed up today? We don't have ANYONE at ANY government who can tell the truth and say, "We really don't have an idea as to where this plane may be".
Can't someone just go look at the site of Geo's findings. It is a specific location. They don't have to search 24000 sq miles to look at it to see if anything is there. What if it was? Wouldn't that save 55 million dollars?
Common sense isn't allowed on the internet, sir. This is your final warning.
we may never find out what really happened until it will be too late. BUT, to dismiss the possibility of it being in the Bay of Bengal without a single country willing to check it out is unthinkable. All these "military" ships and aircraft of the world powers have found nothing where they were at and are to resume their regular duties. Can*t one make a pass to check and see what is there? Or are all the governments worried about making each other look stupid, like they already are?
It's already too late. I don't think MH370 will ever be found.
The plane wreckage will appear somewhere eventually. Its similar to the situation where we search for something in our house and never find it, but when we're not looking for it, it will crop up. Also, I believe that there was an evil element involved in the plane's disappearance.
There is still debris washing ashore in this country from the tsunami that hit Japan in 2011 and yet the prime Minister of Australia says the chance of finding any floating debris is remote. Seriously ?
If it wasn't for the horrendous loss of life, this tragedy would be a comedy of errors. Will the plane ever be found? I serious doubt it. With everybody and his brother looking for it, with all the latest technology being used -- nothing. I think, until something major occurs, we'll have to call this a mystery and wait for when that major breakthrough happens. If ever.
No DEBRIS, now that is the ODD part of all of it,,, and the professional analysts will say the CURRENTS got it all, and that is #$%$... Richard Quest has his very OWN theory, so it HAS TO be right, because anyone else bringing up an idea, he VEOMENTLY denies it right off the bat.
Sorry, but this is all pride and ego...absolutely no way some independent company will be 'allowed' to find this jet and make the governments invovled look like fools. I suspect that someone, somewhere, in a very high position doesn't WANT this plane found.
Since such "significant depth of international cooperation coming together for one mission is unprecedented " then instead of dismissing GeoResonance's claim, those international cooperation efforts should now do two things: Apply GeoResonance's method to the area where they have been searching in the Indian Ocean and investigate its Bay of Bengal location claim- unless of course they do not really want to find MH370 for what its Black Box will reveal that they do not want us to know
Of course I don't know what happened to the plane, but I have my own thoughts on the search effort. They have zig zagged back and forth following supposed debris sightings over thousands of miles, and they won't investigate a potentially credible lead that they were given nearly a month ago? Why are they so confident in the current location? They haven't had anything other than a few pings which could or could not be from the black boxes. I'm starting to doubt Austrailias efforts now on finding the plane.
why hasn't any bodys came afloat yet? After this long something should be floating. My self it was hijacked and sitting somewhere.
Yeah, a pretty good portion of the plane is able to float as well. After all the searches, you'd think they would have spotted something.
The plane did not crash, it was TAKEN, you don't go to such trouble of cutting communication to fly until out of gas just to kill yourself, there had to a secret cargo and the government doesn't want any one to know that it was stolen
Why did they tell the families that a 3rd party source traced it hitting the water when there is 0 evidence of any PHYSICAL EVIDENCE.
Best spend the money looking for those lost in the Bermuda Triangle. The guy or guys that ditched this plane are way smart and had a plan for a very long time.
Of Course they would dismiss the possibilities! What would you expect from the search team that locked on to a black box ping for over 2 hours and still drug their feet until the batteries were dead on the recorders and still have nothing!!! At this point any possible clue, photos or anything shoud be immediately addressed and not ignored due to arrogance!!! Good Greif! Swallow some of your pride!
I would think there should be some debris somewhere, I can't believe a plane crashed and everything sunk to the bottom. Doesn't seem right.
How exactly do they become "confident" that this isn't the airliner when they have no idea where it is. I'm confident that their assessment is no better or worse than anyone else's guess at this point.
Hasn't it been over a month now and they've found nothing? They shouldn't rule anything out. Instead of just dismissing it, get over there and look and prove GeoResonance wrong.
Wow. Two months and they still can't find this plane. I lost track of the time because it's all been one big media blur.
I'd at least double-check what was found. Sheesh. Better to be able to honestly cross it off as debris from something else than to dismiss it entirely only to find out far too late that it was actually debris from Flight MH317.
The most plausible explanation is that the airplane lost pressure, and the pilots became confused.
They are not going to find a plane that is not suppose to be found. I think there is a lot more to this flight and its disappearance than anyone is ever going to know in the immediate future. Some government, probable ours (US), knows where this plane is. The have repeatedly stated that there were 239 people on board including 12 crew members which means 227 people were passengers, 2/3 (150) were Chinese, 2 were Iranian with fake passports. WHO else was on this flight????
Based on what? There are zero facts to support anything that you are proposing. Nice try though.
Dale, there aren't any facts relating to their current "treasure hunt" either. Why would they dismiss the other wreckage site without at least taking a look at it?
I think it was either pilot suicide or a botched hijacking here's why. I think the plane decompressed, air leakage, and at the high altitude everyone goes to sleep quickly, including the crew and the plane flys until it runs out of fuel than crashes just like the Payne Stewart pro golfer plane did years ago. The plane went to 43,000 feet. Why? It can't fly at 43k,it loses its air foil and pilots know this. When a plane burns fuel, it can float up to the max 43k. than gradually float down when not controlled, and than run out of fuel and crash. No texts, phone calls to relatives from passengers? They can't do it if they're asleep. The other question is why did someone on the plane, turn off the transponder and pull the fuse box? Pilot suicide? Hijacker? This was done manually during the flight which cuts all communication off. This was done on purpose. So a botched hijacking in the cockpit, plane decompresses from air leakage (bomb or whatever) everyone goes to sleep, plane crashes or pilot suicide. Very hard to find a plane when transponder is turned off and rerouted. The $ will run out for the recovery and it'll take years to find this plane.
Three U S American citizens, a pilot, a co pilot, and two passengers with stolen passports were on board.
When this all started, they said that nobody had used "satellite handshakes" to track anything. Now, they are so sure they have figured it all out that they aren't willing to even consider the possibility that it could be someplace else? They aren't even going to suggest that a ship or plane should be sent to check this area in the Bay of Bengal? There is something foul about this whole "search", what are they hiding?
Uh...What, they just discount the plausibility of what this company has claimed without taking a look or offering some comment other than just dismissing it without investigation? It sounds like this company is sure that it is an aircraft.
Where is the story about how the economy is not growing Yahoo? Why isn't the lame stream covering it Yahoo?
We know where the airliner isn't. Maybe that's what we were meant to know.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said a couple of weeks ago that they are very close. Maybe before he got funded...
The problem with this missing plane is that they're looking for a very small needle in a VERY big haystack. I've said it before and I'll say it again. This plane has gone the way of Amelia Earhart and DB Cooper. Gone. They don't even have even a remote GUESS as to where to look for it. Are they certain the satellite data is even from 370? No. Are they certain of the flight path? No. Are they certain of how much fuel was on board the plane? No (could have leaked out or been dumped, who knows). For all they know, the plane could be on the dark side of the moon (not really, just saying). Keep in mind it took TWO YEARS to find the Air France flight, and they knew about where that was. I think they should at least give a slight chance to ANY lead they may or may not have. Nobody knows what happened, when it happened, or how far the plane flew in what direction.
it's in the hands of terrorist! no one had the slightest idea they would fly planes into buildings either...but they did just that!
and the haystack is in the wrong part of the field.
Daniel, The maximun amount of that could be on the atrcraft is a known entity. Also the actual amount onboard at startup is in fact known.All comercial flights have this data tracked for acounting and other purposes. How do they know how much to pay their fuel supplier if they do not keep track of the actual amount? The fuel burn rate is a known amount. Calculate best consumption range,draw ac circle on the map of that radius centered on the originating point and any location outside of that circle is obiously not the planes location. NO FUEL,NO POWER NO FLIGHT PATH,EH!!
I'm sorry for the loss of life but it would be nice to just find a seat cushion with a number on it. I'm afraid it is in a hanger somewhere being fitted with a bomb. Either way everyone except the pilot is dead. After he turned off the radio he climbed up to 45 thousand feet to kill all the passengers. He waited until the first copilot went to the john then he asked the second one to get him a cup of coffee. Then he locked the door and the copilots were as helpless as the rest of the passengers.
Jerryny, that still leaves a HUGE search area...
Why does a commercial flight not have a flight plan
@Roy all commercial and private flights are required to submit a flight plan.
Took 70 years to find the Titanic...and they had a point of reference as to where it sank. A plane hitting the water at 400+ miles an hour won't leave big pieces of debris. That aluminum can will be unrecognizeable shrapnel.
@Krush. You cannot compare the technology from 70 or even 30 years ago to today.
Jerryny... As I said, they have NO IDEA how much fuel was on board. They know how much the plane LEFT THE AIRPORT WITH. That's all. Like I said, they don't know if fuel was dumped or leaked out due to a mechanical problem of some sort. The plane could be anywhere from the middle of the Pacific almost to Africa. They don't know. They don't know what happened to the communications systems, they don't know what happened to the transponders, they don't know what, if anything, happened to the flight crew, any of it. The plane could have been hijacked, suffered a sudden violent decompression, been hit by lightning, or had some other sort of mechanical failure. THEY DON'T KNOW. You can't really compare any crashes or especially the sinking of the Titanic and/or warships to the loss of this plane as at least in those cases, MOST OF THE TIME A RELATIVE LOCATION WAS KNOWN. It's gone and is going to stay gone until it either is found by floating debris somewhere or ends up being used as a flying bomb. Or until the Malaysian government decides to tell the truth of whether or not it was possibly SHOT DOWN.
I understand that the ocean is really really really really big, but do feel somewhat disappointed that with all the new and improved technology we have, and several countries joining the search that we haven't found MH370 already.
you supposedly heard pings from the flight recorder. Shouldn't that be where the plane is? Other than the fact that you hearing pings 100s of miles apart.
Umm, I don't mean that I am the hi jacker, I am just trying to figure out the easiest way to explain what their thinking was and what they did in their twisted thinking. Please excuse my way of trying to get this out there for all to understand better what had to happen.
They haven't found the plane so far, so don't dismiss another theory. I think it has to do with the "brains" not believing they could be wrong with all their statistics. I have said from the beginning, offer lots of money and have scavengers search. What could it hurt. They certainly can't mess up the crime scene.
Why is Yahoo using file footage of a Lockheed C5A Galaxy as a lead-in photo for this story? Are they implying that a C5 was discovered at the suspected site, not a 777? Get some better story editors, Yahoo.
So, time for a conspiracy theory. It was hi-jacked and the intent was known during the flight. Somebody decided to shoot it down to stop it from being a flying bomb into a city. OR The Navy subs actually found it (I think they did) and they were behind the shooting down. Does anyone really think the US Navy didn't have a submarine in the area that could pick up the pings? Really? If it came out that way, it would be another Benghazi and another oblunder cover up.
They have been searching for weeks in the indian ocean with no results. If I were them I would welcome any info coming toward me at this time.
They won't admit they've been looking in the wrong area this whole time instead of where plane went off radar in the Andaman Sea, which is next to Bay of Bangal.
the Bay of Bengal make more sense , what they are doing now is wasted time and money.
So again a tragedy have to happen in order to make corrections, the transponder need to be in a secure place and on all the time so they can trace the plane right away. You don't need to be a pilot to know that !
It's handy to be able to put the transponder on "standby" when you're on the ground, though.
How in the hail can they be confident of anything? They knew absolutely nothing when they started and they know nothing now! They thought they heard something a few times that may or may have not been the plane! Why would you not let a small party check it out? Hail where did you start looking in the first place? How can this entire thing be handled so poorly?
I really appreciate Australia's lead here and have confidence in their approach. But why is it Australia's responsibility to lead the charge here. Who is fitting the bill for all this? I know this means a lot to many people but in reality the cost of this search is immense and I didn't hear Saudi Arabia or Russia throwing in to help the rest of the world. Anyway hopefully the families of the victims will find closure soon and be able to go on some how.
The possible crash site(s) -- the ones that are actually being investigated -- fall within Oz's Search and Rescue Area of Responsibility under international agreements. Citizens of Oz, The Empire, the PRC, Japan, South Korea, etc. (all those nations who have thus far contributed to the search effort) are paying for the cost.
that, and how long do you watch a dog chase its tail before you get up and just go get the paper yourself.
I was thinking the same thing Rich, and thanks for the info Barbi. But it is still BS. To me it still looks like a stupid "hunch" for where they are looking now because no one has any theories about what the plane was doing there to begin with. Barbi, your explanation does make sense if parties involved are just trying to get Australia to pick up the tab for the search until everyone loses interest. I'd be furious if my tax dollars were being wasted on this wild goose chase (although that is not a great analogy as you can actually catch wild geese) - especially with all the misinformation and bobbling involved
I just placed a buy order for 10,000 shares of GeoResonance. It cost me a dollar.
So, GeoResonance's search shows a mass of different metals that look suspiciously like a plane. While that much metal should be relatively easy to trace down by someone once Geo tells them where to look, I highly doubt an airplane crashing into the ocean would not disintegrate on impact and leave a much wider debris field, and it would look nothing like an airplane at all.
The f(y)king moron idiot experts know it all or think they do and don't know c (h) it!
Check out the new place before you write it off - you haven't found any luck where you Think it is - and That spot keeps changing anyway.
Pure arrogance of Government entities. To not spend a few thousand bucks looking at an exact spot in the ocean where a company with proven technology says they see something that looks right is the epitome of arrogance. If you look at the CBS report they show the scans ( multiple ) for the various elements and show where those elements would be on a 777. All I am going to say is they sure line up well.
Ozzy said it best when he sang let's drink to people of the lie's ! Go figure .
Let's keep searching in the same area where every wild goose chase turned up nothing. This entire search effort is too strange to believe as normal. There is something bigger happening than a regular flight gone missing.
You think it's Obama and the New World Order?
I believe that this is the plane. With the Indian elections in play for that timeframe, it is quite probable that this was an event that became a non-event.
There's been debris floating in the ocean for years but this debris must be special. wink, wink. This plane must have been outfitted with sinkable life jackets and sinkable seat cushions and sinkable containers and solid wings.
Do you really think this plane sunk intact?
This keeps happening over and over again. All it tells us is that there really IS a lot of cr*p floating out there in our oceans. Completely depressing.
Of all the wild geese they've been chasing, this one seems to hold the most water and of course they completely dismiss it without so much as a second look.
This new location of possible wreckage does not fit into our model, therefore we will disregard it. WHAT?
Before I spent another dime on this search, I'd be checking out that wreckage in the bay. If it turns out to be another plane, who knows another mystery could be solved.
They had pings to a satellite they claimed were the plane, but in truth unconfirmed. They picked up pings in the ocean they thought were from the boxes, but were actually on a different frequency from what the boxes were supposed to be. If their data is so solid, why not put it out there for others to examine? Seems to me, all possibilities should be covered.
With the great results they've had so far, why would they want to look anywhere else.
It is time to stop the comedy ! wasting time and money ! the plane is not i the water! they are trying to foll us it is obvious, What was in that plane ??
How about aliens took the plane.
I can't believe they are not going to check out this new location, for the sake of the families, which they should be the upmost and foremost reason on everyone's minds! I am very disappointed, that our Government isn't sending someone to check it out! Let go of your egos people and think of the families!!!
I'm beginning to doubt that any survivors will be found.
Never. Never, never, never. Too massive an area and the Indian, in particular, is just too deep.
They are not looking into this, as these govts already know where the plane (MH370) is. Makes you wonder why they are not even curious as to who is on this other plane, if it is indeed plane wreckage. This whole deal is a mess.
Yes they are confident isn't but aren't confident of where it is.
To ignore a possibility only defines how political and egotistical this lost plane has produced in the thinking of current World leaders.
I hate to say it but there were some really smart people on that plane. We all need to think long and hard about the people in charge. They are "telling" us they know where it is but cannot provide a shred of evidence. The only time Governments cannot find or explain something it is because they know where it is or what happened to it.
It is (everything!) a conspiracy! How do these people manage to live, surrounded by evil guv'min' from the eight directions? Did they buy oxygen tanks to allow them to breathe while inside their duct-tapes homes? Not that even ONE of these comments offers a single tear or a kind word for the victims and their families and friends. They really spend all their energy being afraid, or in hatred. Neo-Gulliver: I'll go out to the stables again, where the stench of my fellow humans isn't as noticeable, among the horses.
So who out there thinks that this plane landed somewhere ? and who thinks it crashed into the ocean ? Just curious to see what you all really think what happened to it.
Not sure if it landed or crashed. IF what GeoResanance found is the wreckage, the Terrorism angle makes sense. That would have put them on course for some militant Islamic countries. Would make it worth another look at the two Iranians with stolen passports and their possible connections to the flight crew.
Which direction is the nose of the plane pointed, whatever it is?
The Australian PM is full of #$%$. Just wanting to get attention and was making all these comments that they found. These guys need to maintain their dignity and honor the PM position.
what they had been doing it is smoke and mirror, they did not found ABSOLUTELY NOTHING .
Bay of Bengal is outside the search boundaries of Australia. Why won't GeoResonance just publish the coordinates and let anyone with resources take a look.
they probably will--but while it looks like georesonance did this examination without 'authorities' consent, & not for money, will anyone else be that disinterested? greed rules this world--there's money to be had in this search now, & it will become a circus. (actually, i think it already is a circus)
OMG, how hard would it be to ask the Indian Navy to go have a look at this possible crash site?
"I think that we have been looking in the right place," Angus Houston, the head of JACC, told Sky New Australia. "I'm confident the aircraft will be found." They are looking where they are to be as far away from where the aircraft actually is! Mideast.
Of course this has all been a ruse, they know exactly where that phantom plane is.
If the GeoResonance technology is so good, maybe they should bring it down to Australia!
It's hard to rule out any reasonable possibility until the plane is found. I believe something would have been found by now if the plane was in the southern Indian Ocean. Remember it was a "never before used method", Burst Frequency Offset method, they used to track the plane to the southern Indian Ocean which in my mind also means "never before proven method". Why not check it out?? Why is their claim so absurd?? You won't find any less wreckage than your finding now and it's time start thinking maybe it possible you're wrong and maybe you're looking in the wrong area
sounds reasonable! which makes me doubt the reason behind the jaac refusing to acknowledge the possibility.
I believe the same thing as robert. They are spending millions scouring the oceans for something that isn't there. This plane is somewhere and one person's comment was that it's probably being retrofitted for an attack somewhere. Meantime the search money is draining other countries resources and probably benefitting the persons responsible. The passengers could still be alive and enduring captivity and will likely be used as bargaining chips when the time is right. Or, they have all been executed. This is a wild goose chase that was, again, well planned out. This is not a crazy, paranoid theory but rather a very real possibility given the fact that Al Quada has a very large network in the world. It's all a smokescreen meant to cost money and the time will come when it comes from nowhere and devastates a key world position. I don't believe for a new york minute that this plane just veered 180 degrees and plopped into the water!
Google, "china says seismic event where flight mh370 disappeared". That might be the answer.
Well, what did they find? Another missing plane from the modern era, WWII vintage, smuggler's transport?
The earth is flat---The earth is flat--the earth is flat-- I don't care if it looks like it could be a sphere from the space station. I assume the wreckage found by the mineral company was checked better than this article says.
Let's face it, they have a better chance of finding Amelia Earhart before they find MH370. That #$%$ is gone.
How stupid can these people be to dismiss, out of hand, ANY lead that might possibly lead to the actual plane. Are they insane or just too scared to admit they might be wrong.. What a debacle...Big money at work.
yes big money,they are going to get million from insurance for doing their smoke and mirror
The Jumbo Jet with the LES safety feature described below that will survive a bomb attack can only be afforded by the upper middle class, similar to the very first commercial flight in America in 1914 that only the wealthy could afford but over time, the tickets for the LES safety Jet would come down dramatically just like ticket prices for commercial flights after 1914 came down dramatically. There are pizzas that cost $1,000 per pie ( 100 times the normal cost of pizza ) and yet those pizzas are in huge demand by the rich, so similarly, if a plane is marketed as a bomb proof plane, there will be a great demand for such a plane even though the ticket prices might be three or four times the present amount and just as the very first commercial flight was only afforded by the wealthy, over time, ticket prices for the LES safety Jet should come down dramatically. The following is only for those who believe that planes do crash, even though the risk of crashing is miniscule and for those who believe, that the planes that they will fly in for the rest of their lives will never crash, please do not read beyond this point, thanks. FOR THOSE WHO HAVE ADD or who cannot get through even one page of a book, I am sorry the post is long. Copy and paste the post in your computer's notepad file under the title " LES Jet" and then try reading a few sentences a day and before long, you would have got through to the end. For those who say we can never "guarantee" a safe flight, I say we cannot guarantee a safe car ride either, so does that mean we get rid of safety belts or not try to improve car safety ? People should be given the choice to still fly the same way and for those who can afford it, the LES safety feature discussed below will guarantee ( statistically speaking) a safe flight , even under a bomb attack. For those who don't want the LES safety feature because its acceptable for your loved ones to be involved in a plane crash , since flying is safe and risk is miniscule, please do not read beyond this point. But for those who are not happy with plane crashes and for those whose family members and loved ones were involved in plane crashes and for those who think flying is not safe enough for those involved in plane crashes, read on but also remember, people should still be given a choice. Boeing should keep manufacturing the regular jumbos jets and at the same time also manufacture ( just ) two jumbo jets with the LES safety feature described below that only upper middle class passengers can afford and also, the LES featured Boeing will also be for those who save up their money over years since flying is not essential these days due to video conferencing over the internet that makes flying not a necessity. Since people are willing to pay $200,000 per ticket (500 tickets sold in 2012) for a Virgin Galactic space flight , I am pretty sure tickets on the two LES featured Boeing will be sold out, especially if the ticket prices are just three or four times the present amount and if the 2 LES planes are marketed as bomb proof and for those who want to fly cheap, Boeing can continue with the usual "status quo" cheap flights for those who don't mind a plane that does not have the LES safety feature. The discussion below is only meant for those who want to have a much safer flight by paying as much as three or even four times the present ticket price by guaranteeing you or your loved ones will survive a bomb attack on your flight. Remember, the first commerical flight (1/1/14) was 21 miles from St. Petersburg and Tampa and cost the passenger (Abram Pheil) $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below are incorporated. The whole discussion below can be summed up in one sentence: the government should push Boeing to conduct feasibility studies on the next generation of a scalable prototype of a launch escape system ( LES) that proved to be effective as early as 1983 and safety technology has greatly improved over the past thirty years since 1983 ( the last time a LES was successfully used ) search google under patents approved : US20110233341 ( the patent is not comprehensive so further patents will have to be issued to Boeing if Boeing decides to proceed with the LES project ). I am pretty sure that those who wanted to go to the moon were called dumb and their ideas were considered dumber so considering the skeptics regarding the first moon landing project, the lesson to be learned is "nothing beats a failure but a try", especially considering the fact that our space technology has advanced in the past 45 years since man first stood on the moon. Yes, the price of tickets might triple if all the safety measures listed below are implemented but at the same time, if passengers know that they are going to have a very safe flight, more people might start travelling by air (keeping the cost down ) plus in this internet age, almost all business and personal visits can be done through video conferencing, so air travel will not be a necessity and in the future, hyper-speed ground transportation in six-seat, bombproof, bullet capsules using magnetic levitation in steel tubes called a Hyperloop might be a better alternative to air travel as envisioned by Elon Musk, the founder of Tesla. Remember, the first commercial flight by the very first passenger was 21 miles and cost $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below are incorporated. Its easy to say that corporations make safe products until you or your loved ones are a victim of a preventable fatality that the corporation could have prevented with a product that cost three or four times more due to the added safety features ( listed below ). I rather pay three or four times more if I knew that the product is safer than safe because I do not wish anybody being buried alive and dying a slow excruciating death due to freezing temperatures or being burned alive if, that death could have been prevented with added safety features that made the product cost three or four times more. The question you have to ask is, is money more important to you than life itself ? I really do not know what it is like to see the trembling little hands of babies and kids, trying to reach out to their moms (for help ) while being in total darkness and in excruciating pain from being drowned alive or being burned alive. I rather spend $4000 on a ticket than pay $1000 on a ticket and in saving money, I see my loved ones perish before my very eyes knowing that her life might have been saved if I had paid more money for added safety features. Since Boeing cannot guarantee your safety or the safety of your loved ones , governments should tell Boeing to do feasibility studies on the economics of making planes even safer using the latest launch escape systems. The launch escape system (LES) was first used on 9/26/83. The Soyuz T-10-1 rocket caught fire, just before launch, and the LES carried the crew capsule clear, seconds before the rocket exploded. The crew landed 4 kilometers (2.5 mi) from the launch pad. The Soyuz LES system also had grid fins mounted on the payload fairing that deployed to stabilize the craft. Similarly, governments should invest heavily on the next generation of LES whereby an autonomous robotic, triple redundancy, three dimensional radar system mounted on all sides of the plane ( that creates a three dimensional picture of the area around the plane ) triggers a triple redundancy catastrophic indicator system that automatically cuts off all engines, strategically placed detonation devices breaks up the plane into four parachute equipped pieces ( the cockpit section, the tail section and the rest of the plane is split right down the middle ), in order to release four seater escape pods that are bombproof, floatable, pressurized, four-seat ejection pods (having their own collision avoidance system) that are ejected out of the plane while the collision avoidance system operates thrusters that prevent the pods from being knocked by the plane or other ejection pods in mid-air before deploying the parachutes. Other safety measures at each service interval should include an empty plane on a moving platform, going through a gigantic chamber equipped with x-rays, sonar and lasers to detect any structural defects or stress and each plane should be equipped with its own radar system and counter measures to avoid small meteorites, other small planes and man-made missiles.
I can hardly afford the ticket prices now. $4000 a ticket for a guarantee that the plane will not crash. If you think that IS SOMETHING THAT WOULD BE A REALITY, never happen. You will probably be hit by a bus anyways, so don't worry about. We only have till our next heartbeat anyways. I really think you worry to much. If your that worried don't fly or drive which is 30 times more dangerous.
@Hemi, you can still fly cheap, the LES technology will only be on 2 Jumbo Jets for a start to see how much demand there is
Plane travel is still far safer than any form of travel. Furthermore no aircraft is bomb proof. C4 packs quite a punch for its size and if you realy wanna be technical search "bomb, atomic". PS they can fit in a suitcase now a days since critical mass is only 33 lbs of fissile material.
@John, safer does not mean safe enough for those involved in crashes, right ? and each pod is bomb proof so if one pod blows up from within, the others are safe
The two prototype Jumbo Jets with the LES safety feature described below that will survive a bomb attack can only be afforded by the upper middle class, similar to the very first commercial flight in America in 1914 that only the wealthy could afford. There are pizzas that cost $1,000 per pie ( 100 times the normal cost of pizza ) and yet those pizzas are in huge demand by the rich, so similarly, if a plane is marketed as a bomb proof plane, there will be a great demand for such a plane even though the ticket prices might be three or four times the present amount and just as the very first commercial flight was only afforded by the wealthy, over time, ticket prices for the LES safety Jet should come down dramatically. The following is only for those who believe that planes do crash, even though the risk of crashing is miniscule and for those who believe, that the planes that they will fly in for the rest of their lives will never crash, please do not read beyond this point, thanks. FOR THOSE WHO HAVE ADD or who cannot get through even one page of a book, I am sorry the post is long. Copy and paste the post in your computer's notepad file under the title " LES Jet" and then try reading a few sentences a day and before long, you would have got through to the end. For those who say we can never "guarantee" a safe flight, I say we cannot guarantee a safe car ride either, so does that mean we get rid of safety belts or not try to improve car safety ? People should be given the choice to still fly the same way and for those who can afford it, the LES safety feature discussed below will guarantee ( statistically speaking) a safe flight , even under a bomb attack. For those who don't want the LES safety feature because its acceptable for your loved ones to be involved in a plane crash , since flying is safe and risk is miniscule, please do not read beyond this point. But for those who are not happy with plane crashes and for those whose family members and loved ones were involved in plane crashes and for those who think flying is not safe enough for those involved in plane crashes, read on but also remember, people should still be given a choice. Boeing should keep manufacturing the regular jumbos jets and at the same time also manufacture ( just ) two jumbo jets with the LES safety feature described below that only upper middle class passengers can afford and also, the LES featured Boeing will also be for those who save up their money over years since flying is not essential these days due to video conferencing over the internet that makes flying not a necessity. Since people are willing to pay $200,000 per ticket (500 tickets sold in 2012) for a Virgin Galactic space flight , I am pretty sure tickets on the two LES featured Boeing will be sold out, especially if the ticket prices are just three or four times the present amount and if the 2 LES planes are marketed as bomb proof and for those who want to fly cheap, Boeing can continue with the usual "status quo" cheap flights for those who don't mind a plane that does not have the LES safety feature. The discussion below is only meant for those who want to have a much safer flight by paying as much as three or even four times the present ticket price by guaranteeing you or your loved ones will survive a bomb attack on your flight. Remember, the first commerical flight (1/1/14) was 21 miles from St. Petersburg and Tampa and cost the passenger (Abram Pheil) $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below are incorporated. The whole discussion below can be summed up in one sentence: the government should push Boeing to conduct feasibility studies on the next generation of a scalable prototype of a launch escape system ( LES) that proved to be effective as early as 1983 and safety technology has greatly improved over the past thirty years since 1983 ( the last time a LES was successfully used ) search google under patents approved : US20110233341 ( the patent is not comprehensive so further patents will have to be issued to Boeing if Boeing decides to proceed with the LES project ). I am pretty sure that those who wanted to go to the moon were called dumb and their ideas were considered dumber so considering the skeptics regarding the first moon landing project, the lesson to be learned is "nothing beats a failure but a try", especially considering the fact that our space technology has advanced in the past 45 years since man first stood on the moon. Yes, the price of tickets might triple if all the safety measures listed below are implemented but at the same time, if passengers know that they are going to have a very safe flight, more people might start travelling by air (keeping the cost down ) plus in this internet age, almost all business and personal visits can be done through video conferencing, so air travel will not be a necessity and in the future, hyper-speed ground transportation in six-seat, bombproof, bullet capsules using magnetic levitation in steel tubes called a Hyperloop might be a better alternative to air travel as envisioned by Elon Musk, the founder of Tesla. Remember, the first commercial flight by the very first passenger was 21 miles and cost $5000 in today's dollars, so costs will go down dramatically over time if the LES safety features recommended below are incorporated. Its easy to say that corporations make safe products until you or your loved ones are a victim of a preventable fatality that the corporation could have prevented with a product that cost three or four times more due to the added safety features ( listed below ). I rather pay three or four times more if I knew that the product is safer than safe because I do not wish anybody being buried alive and dying a slow excruciating death due to freezing temperatures or being burned alive if, that death could have been prevented with added safety features that made the product cost three or four times more. The question you have to ask is, is money more important to you than life itself ? I really do not know what it is like to see the trembling little hands of babies and kids, trying to reach out to their moms (for help ) while being in total darkness and in excruciating pain from being drowned alive or being burned alive. I rather spend $4000 on a ticket than pay $1000 on a ticket and in saving money, I see my loved ones perish before my very eyes knowing that her life might have been saved if I had paid more money for added safety features. Since Boeing cannot guarantee your safety or the safety of your loved ones , governments should tell Boeing to do feasibility studies on the economics of making planes even safer using the latest launch escape systems. The launch escape system (LES) was first used on 9/26/83. The Soyuz T-10-1 rocket caught fire, just before launch, and the LES carried the crew capsule clear, seconds before the rocket exploded. The crew landed 4 kilometers (2.5 mi) from the launch pad. The Soyuz LES system also had grid fins mounted on the payload fairing that deployed to stabilize the craft. Similarly, governments should invest heavily on the next generation of LES whereby an autonomous robotic, triple redundancy, three dimensional radar system mounted on all sides of the plane ( that creates a three dimensional picture of the area around the plane ) triggers a triple redundancy catastrophic indicator system that automatically cuts off all engines, strategically placed detonation devices breaks up the plane into four parachute equipped pieces ( the cockpit section, the tail section and the rest of the plane is split right down the middle ), in order to release four seater escape pods that are bombproof, floatable, pressurized, four-seat ejection pods (having their own collision avoidance system) that are ejected out of the plane while the collision avoidance system operates thrusters that prevent the pods from being knocked by the plane or other ejection pods in mid-air before deploying the parachutes. Other safety measures at each service interval should include an empty plane on a moving platform, going through a gigantic chamber equipped with x-rays, sonar and lasers to detect any structural defects or stress and each plane should be equipped with its own radar system and counter measures to avoid small meteorites, other small planes and man-made missiles.
It is negligence on the part of the search teams to discount credble possibilities. Its highly possible they are looking for something else and this poor airplane was simply destroyed as a diversion.
Idiots can find galaxies billions of lightyears away but can't find a damn plane in their own back yard?
Why was there a photo of a C17 in the article header? This is a military transport plane. Why not include a photo of a 777, or a search and rescue plane?
Of course they are not going to want to admit they have no idea of what they are doing. Bureaucrats covering their butts, what else is new.
"A massive search operation involving satellites, aircraft, ships and sophisticated underwater equipment capable of scouring the ocean floor has failed to turn up any trace of the Boeing 777, which disappeared on March 8." Yet they dismiss the GeoResonance report because their location is somewhere different. Are these people for real?
This is strange scam. They can't ignore the claim because of the public seeing the 'images'. So, what magic are they touting that makes submarines obsolete?
I'm glad the multi-national military search teams aren't letting new data sway them from, to date, failed speculation.
Somebody has finally found something and the people in charge aren't interested? Sounds fishy to me (pardon the pun).
What the hell? If this is plane wreckage, then it must be investigated, no matter if it's not MH370. These guys are not a Mickey Mouse outfit, if they claim it is a plane (they say a big one) then surely someone must investigate?
This screams cover up!! I'm not saying it has to be some elaborate conspirecy, but with tensions in the area extremely strained, I truly believe this plane was shot down, possibly by Malaysia, and instead of acknowledging it, they are playing stupid to avoid hostility. One thing tells me this plane will never be found and its the fact that the man leading a month long search that has found nothing is very confident the plane will be found.
These people couldnt find the grand canyon unless you gave them a map. This plane is gone and they will never find it. They have no clue what they are doing or even if they are looking in the right spot. A bunch of idiots. i mean how can a plane just dissapear like that. I dont care where it was. Something had to have been watching it from somewhere. you telling me the plane didnt have a back up to the back up to the backup of the backup beacon on there? NOTHING? get real.
JACC dismisses the claim because it would prove they have been spending millions on searching the wrong area after they made claims to have found noise from the boxes. But I remember originally that there was good speculation that the plane did in fact go in the direction of the Bay of Bengal and not south to Australia as claimed.
The new greedy ownership of Yahoo is taking Its flagship products including its Email Service and Content delivery services down the drain.
Yep, quickly dismiss a report by a company which claims to have credible technology used to suggest the plane is in a different location when you can keep searching in the same area which turned up nothing.
They are foll or they hiding some thing from us .
Gah! Just give up already! Quit wasting time and money and resources in finding a plane that isn't meant to be found! Just chalk it up as another one of those great unsolved mysteries, and let it be! The plane is gone, the people are dead, and spending billions to find it won't fix a thing.
Weather or not what has been found is part of the 777, it should be investigated. It is just this kind of foolishness that has gone on why nothing has been found yet. I am still not convinced the plane is in the ocean even if it did crash.
Obviously the company found something they needed to report. They are not saying it is the missing plane they just want someone know there is something unusual there. Maybe it is an old ship or something, or maybe it nothing but natural minerals in the water. They are spending millions and have found absolutely nothing where they are currently looking. It is worth a shot to look at what is there.
thats because if it was the plane it would make the governments and expets who said it was a satilite that pointed in that direction. it would make them look bad if this is the plane. you need to go there a investigate it. cant pass anything up. something very strang e about this whole thing. i think someone knows about it and is covering up for it by making it look like it is somewhere else. very strange.
The plane is somewhere within 1000 miles from where it took off. This has been nothing but a goose chase to prevent all of those asian countries from having to admit that a jumbo jet was flying through their airspace and not one person or radar noticed. They purposely put the crash site out into a deep indian ocean arc that they would then be able to use as an excuse as to why the plane cannot be found. It is remote, super deep and difficult to search. The perfect place to have searchers waste their time while they quietly try to clean up the mess close to home.
Thanks for that valuable information Alex!
They- malaysia and asian countries that did not id the plane on their radars. No im not a conspiracy nut. But u cant deny that this has been a very strange investigation. They picked up pings from what was supposed to be a black box. Yet we have heard nothing abt this since the black box stopped transmitting. There have been numerous 'new satellite developments' putting the search in bay of bengal, south china sea, indian ocean, etc. The story keeps changing and the malaysian govt has not exactly been professional.
How long will you people continue to be led on this charade game? A very smart thing to do is use a little logic here. No wreckage = no crash.. Can't find plane = plane is hidden. perpetual false hopes = mind game
What is the freaking agenda here?
I had gone a whole 4 days without seeing a story on MH370. I was thinking, finally!, let it rest for a while until there is something concrete to talk about. then this. GeoResonance. using voodoo heebee jeebee technology. if they have actually found something, they could send their own team to the area for onsite investigation. if they pull up a piece of MH370 they would be heros and start getting a lot of business. but don't tell us your satellite technology picked up electromagnetic traces and all the world should run over there and look at it.
Nobody expects all assets to be re-deployed there. Georesonance knows the exact location so an entire search team like is being used right now near Australia would not be necessary. Someone just needs to check it out.
Why don't they check it out? If they're so certain, they should pay to have someone go down to the ocean floor and have a look-see. It's not that deep in the Bay of Bengal. This whole thing is just a play for notoriety. They're probably looking for investors in the company and are using this ploy to scam the public.
does anybody think that there might be a cover up on what really happened and certain countries don't really want to find the aircraft?
Of course the searchers off of Australia would say its not the plane as if it is, they would look like total #$%$. But how can they say it isnt when after more than a month they have absolutely nothing. Guess they are too arrogant to assume THEY could be wrong.
It still needs to be investigated because if its not MH370 then maybe it's another wreck that couldn't be found...
Of course they should check out the lead in order to confirm or eliminate it as the missing plane. It is more than anything they have so far. Anyways...unknown to me prior to reading this article, I see that this company, GeoResonance, does some incredible stuff with science and technology. They can detect pretty much anything, anywhere, down to a dept of 5,000 meters. That is impressive, and revolutionary!
There should be an automatic ping on planes every fifteen minutes that can't be turned off.
If the plane is in the northern section, then it is reasonable that it was mechanical or electrical failure. If it went to the south, it was deliberate. There's no reason to not follow up on the new theory that it's in the north--they found squat in the south.
Why are the officials so willing to dismiss this before even looking at whatever it is that this company discovered?
In my opinion, and I'm not a pilot, at 35,000 feet the pilots cut off the the internal oxygen in the cabin decompressing the the passenger cabin rendering the the the crew and the passengers unconscious or dead. The plane is probably sitting sitting on an abandon runway in Viet Nam or some other location in witch itwas last reported heading to. Why they would do this is to sell the plane who knows? It's a mystery. Stop looking the ocean and look on land. Good luck.
Isn't it time for clairvoyants of this world to step up, prove themselves right and tell us where exactly to find this plane?
Other than the ironies and poor families whose family are missing, do we all need to know every time they DON'T find the plane?
That's probably that India 747 which disappeared some years back.
its 2014, we cant find a plane.Unbelievable... We can do a great job killing people & building all kinds of high tech weapons, we can hack everyones computers & steal data but we cant find a plane. The world needs a serious re evaluation on ethics & priorities for human life. My heart goes out to all the families & people missing.
What I don't understand is why they didn't hire a geothermal company to begin with vs deploying a submarine that didn't get the job done. What the harm in assessing the area in question?
It is advisable to take a look at the new lead before its too late. Family members are still waiting to hear some news about their loved ones and this could be important and we can't sleep on it. We need to do everything possible to help the situation-finding the plane.
It's in Pakistan in a hanger next to the Bin Laden compund and they know we won't look there because they said it wasn't there. Send in SEAL TEAM 6.
There was an Air Force General on Fox and CNN and said it went north, that was only about a week after the plane was lost.
says it went to pakistan, & if the gov't of pakistan didn't divulge it (and they should have, by now--the interview w/the general was a wk or 2 after plane went 'missing'), then the gov't of pakistan is complicit in the hijack
Sorry dead passengers, we have a racist team owner in the states.
I BELIEVE ONLY IN THE DEAD BECAUSE THE MORE U ARE EDUCATED THE MORE YOU BECOME A DUD...... QUOTE - "This may be due to a lack of understanding of the company's technological capabilities, or the JACC is extremely busy, or the belief that the current search in the Southern Indian Ocean is the only plausible location of the wreckage." People in top positions and the decisions makers should know that there is a lot for them to learn from the BEGGARS and HOW THEY MANIPULATE THE BEGGARS BOWL TO REAP A GOOD HARVEST and this is an area they are weak in. Without saying just "NO" why not check it out? May be they want to make the MAXIMUM out of the 60M for all I know. THE BIG WIGS ARE ALWAYS THIS........
These guys get dismissed, and they have technology to back their theory. Then I read comments on here saying why hasn't the governments deployed psychics and people of that sort. Why the hell do you think they'd listen to an alleged crazy person, and yet dismiss evidence from a company that can back it up with technology?
If geo resonance's tech is so great, why aren't they using it in the official search area? this whole thing sounds like a stunt to raise the awareness of the company and get their name out there. Quotes like "This may be due to a lack of understanding of the company's technological capabilities" support this. if they really want the world to know who they are and what they can do, they should find the actual plane.
In fairness, I assume they really *are* trying to find the plane (if only for the attendant PR), and the location in the Bay of Bengal is the best lead they've got. Every technology, no matter how slickly marketed, has limits, though. The method they use is spun off from ex-Soviet scientific research. It's apparently good at mapping geologic formations (oil surveys are the company's bread-and-butter). If it was really that good at finding smallish-sized metal structures in the ocean, it would still be a top-secret Russian technology for hunting submarines. It's reasonable to assume that if they sold it off, it's not actually all that good at this kind of work.
The investigators need to follow the flight path and where it was last found. Its somewhere close to Thailand.
Would be embarrassing wouldn't it for all these governments. Sort of like Benghazi!
At this point, how do the search organizers, dismiss any possibility, unless they know something they aren't revealing..I hate to be a conspiracy theorist, but I feel like, those in charge, now the exact fate of this plane, and it's passengers, and are just putting on a song and dance for the sake, of keeping the families of those lost, and the media in check.
I guess those two huge engines on that 777 were working harder than everybody thought ! Way up there by Bengal flying. You go Betsy !
Can you imagine,if it is the plane,all those so called experts and CNN and their so called experts will have to eat their words and then apologize to this company and then all these so called experts will have to explain to the world why they have spent millions of dollars on a different area of the ocean.
Why are we still spending money and time on the search for this plane? If it hasn't been found by now it is never going to be found. I am sorry for all those families whose loved ones were on that plane, but we have to move on. To be honest, I hope the plane is never found because it makes a great real life mystery.
Muslim pilots? It's a hijacking until proven otherwise. Who else saw EXECUTIVE DECISION?
I doubt they are even looking for the jet. They probably have a reason for it not being found yet, too many country's are working together to find it with no luck... Sounds suspicious. I predict an interesting year lays ahead..
People in High Places with $$$$ can be the root of evil!!!! Just like 9/11 something is being well planned. You mean to tell me over 26 countries looking with the best technology in the world & can't find nothing?? I am not buying this. They are looking in water, but no looking on land that I have heard. Those two Iranians have some connection with this. It does not take a rocket scientist to figure this, duh!! That plane is going to come back and bite someone in the #$%$!! I pray they find it before it's too late!!
Too late for what? The people aboard are already dead.
Aliens took the plane and its passengers. A portal in space/time opened up and they flew right thru it. They're all on a planet a thousand light years away. Just why is anyone's guess.
Private companies tend to do things more efficiently then governments do. They better go check this out.
Let me see if I have this straight. The people in charge of the search are convinced they know where the plane went down, even though for it to have got there it would have to have been piloted there, even though that makes no sense whatsoever, and the fact is they haven't found it yet. These new guys say they found something in the Bay of Bengal, which is a likely place for it to have crashed IF there was a major problem on the plane, such that they attempted to turn back, which they apparently did, and were thereafter incapacitated and the plane then went down without all the goofy turns the authorities say it made, deliberately. In other words, the authorities say someone deliberately took the plane out in the middle of nowhere and crashed it, even that makes no sense at all, and these new guys say hey, we found something here in a place that would make sense. And the authorities are blowing it off. Have I got that right?
Yeah, the people "in-charge" of these type searches and investigations are also in charge of us. Scary.
It makes sense if someone wanted to commit suicide.
LOL...yeah, you got it right. Couldn't have said it better myself.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
If you want to commit suicide, you don't have to fly a plane out into nowhere land. If you do that no one knows what happened. The same is true for terrorism. If you want to make a splash, no pun intended, you do it where people can see it. You fly into a building. You crash on land. You don't fly out where no one ever knows what happened. Granted, people who do such things don't typically make sense, but there is absolutely nothing to suggest that anyone on that plane did this deliberately. That leads me to believe, as most of you, that it was something catastrophic, in which case the course the authorities believe it followed makes no sense at all. I'm no expert, but I don't see how a crippled plane, or one with a crippled crew, does what they think this one did. I may be wrong, but I think they are looking in the wrong place.
The area in the Bay of Bengal where the wreckage was supposedly detected does not correspond to the known flight track. To get to that position, the plane would have been detected by Indian military radar, so it is unlikely to be true. Furthermore, the images seem to suggest that the plane is intact, another thing that I don't find likely. We are not talking the Hudson River here.
...supposing there was a massive mechanical or electronics failure, something that rendered them incapable of contact, the pilot would have known his plane was in serious danger of being shot down. He might have begun a valiant effort to avoid radar and get out over water in an area not known for radar (which, we are told, is the case in that part of the Bay of Bengal), fly around until he had used up the fuel then attempted a soft water landing. He may have even been successful, deployed life rafts and...well, you get the picture.
it didn't crash anywhere. It landed in one piece. mark my words.
Except that it doesn't make sense that it crashed in the Bay of Bengal either. No domestic radar picked up a plane in that area. And don't forget about the "pings" they heard which are strongly linked to the black boxes.
It is on the ground at a military base in Pakistan. RE: Google "Lt. Gen. Thomas McInerney"
So, all of you who believe this rubbish totally discount the radar and satellite data and the pings heard in the current search area? You would rather believe in a magical machine (the technology of which is a total mystery), in an aircraft flying at several thousand feet altitude, that can detect an airplane at the bottom of the ocean? God help us if you people (who believe this) are responsible for the lives of others.
For the flight paths shown on the CNN map, MH370 would have turned south over Thailand. I trust RADAR more than a maritime communications repeater.
Nothing makes sense, that is why it is still missing.
Chuckington, You and I know they are looking in the wrong place. More to the story on this mystery !
The world we live in is a scary place. The people we put in power to lead it is even scarier
Chuckington, After the catastrophic failure, what if the crew was able to engage the autopilot at some point. Without a flight plan, it would have maintained a level, straight attitude until it ran out of fuel. That would be consistent with the search area. For that matter, the plane had automated crash avoidance systems that may have taken over even if everyone was dead, with the same results.
The wreckage very well could have DRIFTED to the Bay of Bengal. Why hasn't anyone thought of that? The wreckage is going to *Drift and wash up SOMEwhere, it is only a matter of time. That is, if indeed it crashed in the ocean...
Why fly that far to commit suicide?
that's what is so astonishing. not one molecule of evidence (great minds & mathematic interpretations do not give us evidence). absolutely no visible reason to squander time where they are searching, so why not give the bay of bengal a check???? pilot or hijacker--what is the purpose of dumping it in the southern indian ocean???? radar @ diego garcia & @ australia's 'listening post' should have caught this plane. did it??
If you want to enjoy your last flight before killing yourself it makes perfect sense to go until the fuel runs out.
One thing is for sure; no one really has a good explanation, do they?
As far as the suicide angle, which has been my theory right along, I come to question it now since why would a pilot or anyone for that matter want to ever experience a plane crash? That must be one of the most violent and horrifying experiences imaginable. It's hard to think someone would allow themselves to die that way. Flying into a building, it's over in one second, but falling out of the sky from 30,000 ft to crash in the ocean is much more terrifying. It's just hard to fathom. If the plane was softly brought down in the ocean under control I could maybe see that, but allowing it to run out of fuel at high elevation and have it spiraling all the way to the ocean, I don't see anyone doing that.
It is safe to conclude, that what ever happened, it has never happened before! While that may sound flippant, it's kind of amazing when you think about it.
I hate to say it but there were some really smart people on that plane. We all need to think long and hard about the people in charge. They are "telling" us they know where it is but cannot provide a shred of evidence. The only time Governments cannot find or explain something it is because they know where it is or what happened to it.
You got it wrong! The plane was communicating to a satellite - - a technology in solid footing - - , as opposed to a questionable spectral/electromagnetic technology which no one has warmed up to. Searching ocean bottoms as we know is slow and expensive.
Well the problem is who would do the search of the bay of bengal, its out of Australia's hands and territory, so someone else would have to do it and that who is? It should be done, and it might go fairly quickly, it might not be as deep.
Cathy: the problem with the mechanical failure theory is that it would've happened before the pilot signed off with ground control, which means they would've reported any issues. Your soft landing theory with deployed life rafts comment is even more unrealistic as there's been no signs or contact of any sort in 53 days.
Its probably close to the Andaman Sea or the Malacca Strait. No way it would go far.
Why are they making this plane so special that they won't give up? There are so many others that go missing and within a reasonable time you have to stop citing that all are probably dead. Sure it's good to know where it is, but what the hell difference will it make if they do find its location? It will likely be too deep to recover anything like a black box. They will probably not know what actually happened on the flight and are wasting valuable resources looking unless they know something they aren't telling us. Gee, keeping things from us is nothing new now is it? Maybe if owebliar would've been spying elsewhere instead of on his own citizens we'd know more.
It's been farmed out to subcontractors at this point. It still costs money, but it's basically just geophysical survey 101 at this point... the expensive aircraft flights have all been called off.
It seems like everybody has a theory, and everybody is suddenly knowledgeable about all things aviation. The conclusions that some people are drawing based on... nothing!, are pretty spectacular. Conspiracy theories are like gossip, people just latch onto it and run with it.
Enough is enough, the living deserve better than all the false hopes for over a month as any nation in this search shows their capabilities so let it go as all the high tech nations are not going to reveal all their resources to the world for your relatives otherwise, as their national security is better served by being mute, huh world??
There is something the "authorities" are not telling us. Why are so many countries spending so much resources to find a missing plane. Australia is spending $60 million, after all they have already spent? They do not even have a horse in this race (not their plane, not their airlines, might not even be in their territorial waters, etc.) Why don't we spend these kind of resources on all search and rescue? Because we are only getting part of the story. WHAT WAS ON THAT PLANE?
I know, and i don't think we ever landed on the moon and the government was behind sandy hook, lmfao.
I wonder the same too...maybe its for the glory/press or how much praise they would get for finding the plane???
It is some of their passengers on that flight.
They will never find it, it is in a galaxy far , far away.
To save times and money, why don't we just use our real submarine to search the area.
I agree with r4zk4l 100% Why rule out any possibility when they have no empirical proof of where the plane really is. Even if it was not form this flight, why would you blow off the find and ignore it. Good view point r4zkl
Of course the search coordinator doesn't want to look like a fool spending all that time and money off the coast of Australia, so would dismiss any other claims of where the plane ended up. Show them even one piece of flight MH370 and then the question will be solved. What, you haven't found even a door #$%$ or seat cover? Hmm maybe you looked in the wrong place?
yahoo censored the world h-a-n-d-l-e, now explain that one to me?
Why just dismiss this when NOTHING has been found in the current search area? Oh wait, Australians are always right.
arrogance is not very effective in solving issues. Wonder why so much resistance to checking the new site out
At this point in time I think it is stupid not to make damn sure its not it by actually going down there and identifying the object, plane, or what ever.
So they have an exact location and dont even want to check it out? Wow
I sincerely believe someone doesn't want that plane found.
1000's of articles, still no plane.
I think at this point it is pretty clear that the people in charge of this search either don't know what they are doing or they just don't have the right resources to work with. I would bet that the plane is eventually found by a private company.
most likely by the israely air force as it makes a kaikazee run at tel aviv
Who's paying for this fiasco search? Malaysia?
the ones running the search have not been right yet so why should we believe them , the others that have discovered the wreckage find lost things all the time, lost subs that the governments cant find, downed aircraft etc
...and authorities... the same authorities who have been known to host false-flag events... dismiss the findings. What a surprise... I'm tellin' you... the public is being purposefully misled about MH370. Something big happened to or with that airplane, and the collective governments don't want us to know about it. This whole thing smells like the TWA flight out of New York.
The only way to know if its not MH370 is to send down a submersible robot to visually check the wreckage. There is no other way to do it. So to discount it prematurely is reckless to say the least.
Their mind is made up. Don't confuse things with facts and data that don't support the official narrative. You'll upset somebody's apple cart.
Anything is still possible, there's not a single shred of evidence to say this claim is not credible! When the search was getting started, everybody's theory was considered to have some merit no matter how bizarre it was! Yeah, the experts don't want to be embarrassed, they'd rather say the plane will never be found.
Let the company search in Bay of Bengal and bill Malaysian airlines if they find the plane. If nothing is found let them go home and take rest.
Seriously aliens took it. Advanced scout for research and to find our weakness.
How many times have the "experts" been looking in the wrong place for this plane? When they think they're looking in the "right" place, they haven't found anything. At this point, the "experts" still have no clue where the plane is and should be following up any viable lead at Malaysian airline's expense.
This story give me reason to believe that if I were ever on a downed airliner from Asian airspace...I would never be found.
Georesonance should team up with Mr. Ballard and go take a look. If it is 370, they will never have to spend another dollar or another minute in a boring board meeting advertising their services.
My guess is the authorities want this mess to go away...Too many vulnerabilities in government tracking are at risk.
What, you don't want to look into this lead. I think you should exaust every possible lead or you may never find it.
The roomer is that we will find out what happened to this flight on May 2nd. The anniversary of the death of bin Ladin. It may come back to us as a weapon of mass destruction. With all passengers aboard.
They did not where where to look in the first place and after all the false leads they are probably tired. But, this does not mean they should dismiss this information. They may look stupid if it is the plane but they would be negligent if they don't investigate this claim.
i would think at this point that any possible evidence should be checked out. they have used the most sophisticated equipment and still no trace of the plane, no hint of where it is.
How dare this honest company try to stop the searchers from going in circles.
Houston ( we have a problem) says is confident the missing aircraft will be found. Unfortunately it is not going to be on his watch or even in his lifetime.
Well it is a plane right base on analysis of the metals right? so who's plane is it then?
So 8 months from now when they fail to find anything off Australia, maybe they will take a look at the Gulf of Bengal.
The family should DEMAND that they look at the Bengal Gulf
"Australia now plans to contract commercial companies to undertake a sonar search of a 60,000 sq km (24,000 sq mile) area of seabed that could take eight months or more at a cost of about A$60 million ($55.61 million)." Why does Australia take that responsibility, but Malaysia and especially the big mouth China don't?
What IS this in the water, then? "Australian geophysical survey company GeoResonance said it had been conducting its own search for the plane and had found what appeared to be plane wreckage in the Bay of Bengal, thousands of miles from the current search area." Let's at least take a look at the wreckage.
Nobody really has one inkling in H*E*L*L where this plane is or if it came down and crashed.
"I think that we have been looking in the right place," Considering you haven't found a single item that can be attributed to flight 370, someone should at least make an inspection to confirm it isn't the plane. If it is, you'll only hear, "I TOLD you it wasn't near Australia" for about a hundred years.
Missing plane...missing plane,,, I don't care about missing plane. I can't and don't want to imagine what a feeling to be in such terrible situation of don't even knowing what's really happened and where is the remains of your family members / relatives. So tragic and sad. My deepest condolence.
As if Mr Rabbit , the Australian Prime Minister, would have any clue about finding the missing aircraft.
I really like this company. I went to their website and the work they do is exciting. Awesome use of Technology.
A private company simply can't beat all the government agencies to the find. And to find it outside the "official" search area ..it makes them look worse than they do already. These guys are going to have to rent a mini sub and go down a get a piece of that wreckage themselves or no one will take them seriously. I'd bet the Chinese are more willing to listen.
(sarcasm) Well obviously the plane cant be anywhere near where the folks at Geo Resonance think it would be worth taking a look. It's not in the pretty little red circle some genius drew way the hell south of the bay of Bengal. It can't happen, no, not in a million years, not looking their, your dumb, were smart.
When are they going to give up and search places where they have been avoiding - dry land. Of course by now it has new paint colors.
If wreckage is found anywhere, how will searchers know it's from WW2 sea battles?
they lost a 7100sq foot aircraft. I make deliveries to LAX often I stood next to a 777 I was amazed at how enormous that plane was. imagine 200 people around you. that was all I could think about while I stood there. with all the technology in the world we lost a an aircraft. well I hope we who are considered intelligent life learned something.
I am loving all the idiots chasing their tail. All this misdirection and the American liberal media has proven they are as stupid as they have always been.
"I think that we have been looking in the right place," Angus Houston, the head of JACC, told Sky New Australia. "I'm confident the aircraft will be found." Yes, keep searching in the same area where everyother clue proved to be false. I'm sure the more clues which prove to be false, the more confident you'll be the aircraft will be found in this area.
Well, that is sad news indeed. Because now our fears of what may be the real truth, have not been put to rest for good. So now, the major majority of us that have good common sense, will continue to shake our heads, and we will continue to tell ourselves that it can only be what we fear the most. Taken by people that hate us, and/or, want to stage a false flag attack, and the passengers and maybe some of the crew, have been killed, and the plane is being re-painted and loaded with something that not even Ajax will remove after it hits us. I wish that we could have a happy ending, or at least have a close to this by finding a wrecked plane. But, I'm affraid it's not going to happen people, I'm affraid that in the near furture, that plane will find us, not we finding it, it, finding us, and unprepared.
The sky is falling, the sky is falling!!!
Jade Rabbit just analyzed Moon Dirt and detected chemicals similar to those of missing MH 370; But the experts dismissed it as the Improper Search Area.
I read a comment about a week ago that was one of the best suggestions for finding this plane. You simply offer a very large cash reward for info leading to the discovery of the plane or passengers. If the reward is large enough, someone on the inside is bound to start snitching.
So just a thought if your search where you think the plane went down has turned up ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for over a month wouldnt you at least go take a look at what could be the crash site. you can think your in the right area all you want but if your not finding anything sooner or later other leads should be looked into.
I found a small piece of rubber on the shoulder of I-75 in Ohio. It could be from MH370. There's no way to tell until someone investigates it. I told them about it and expected a few experts to fly over from Malaysia. No one showed up. On top of that, they won't even take my calls anymore. I smell a cover-up.
Why not at least investigate it......it's not like they have found anything else. If I were them I would bring it up myself to prove all the others wrong...but hey...that's just me
Why does it take these useless Turds so long to arrive at the same Conclusion that we Simple Souls realized 2 months ago. Unless they have a vested interest in something Monetary Aboard ; that would make them rich. They sure as Hell ain't worried that much about the Victims or their families
How about a compromise?...how about some of these governments investigate the Bay of Bengal and this GeoResonance company go to the Indian Ocean and use their technology to help in the search down there (if the Bay of Bengal ends up being a different plane or nothing at all)?
I think the bigger question is: If all these cases of wreckage, debris, and radio signals coming out of the ocean ARENT the plane, then #$%$ ARE THEY?
Before you comment you should look into GeoResonance, if what they claim is true this "company" would be a world leader in the oil and mineral detection business - their claims on their web site conflicts with the science I known and understand about remote sensing. By the way, it's not an Australia based company, from it's website it seems to be Ukrainian based operations with unnamed experts and unknown patents.
How may planes have been lost in the Bermuda Triangle and not found in relatively shallow water to this portion of the ocean. How many planes are lost yearly in remote land areas and not found for years. We will be looking a long time for this jet.
I find it interesting that there is no mention of what the debris found is. (Sorry for the improper grammar). Was it a seat? Was it a wing? Was it luggage? What sort of debris was found?? What was it that made this company believe that what they found was from any aircraft, let alone MH370?? Not only that, but this was reported nearly a month ago and it is just now coming to light?? What's up with that??
...no debris. they have imagery based on the expertise of both their equipment and the successful findings and retrieval of past sunken planes and shipwrecks, even those hidden below the silt on the ocean floor. The official searchers won't even look but no one seems to know why. See if you can find the original news item and read what they say, also look at the imagery. See for yourself. It was first shown on CBS news yesterday morning. google Bay of Bengal CBS news.
They insist it will be found and won't accept the fact that aliens took it on to their spacecraft. The people are a food source.
whatever, I for one do not want anymore of my tax money being spent on this. China and Malaysia should be footing the bill on this.
I was on google maps and saw it in the gulf of mexico but nobody will go look.
how can a headline read that the wreckage isn't from mh370??? no one tried to verify. since when do you discount a possible lead???
After 9/11 anything is possible and shouldn't be ruled out, from turning off communications, deviating flight path, flying below radar all leads to a more sinister plot than simple hide and seek suicide.
Maybe it's time to hold inventory. Maybe it's still on the lot.
. Flight MH370 did not crash into the ocean, period!!! Someone turned off the transponder, someone turned off the communication system and someone changed the flight plan. If another jet was to fly under or above flight MH370 with their transponder on then both of these planes would look like one plane on radar. And then we find a US jet in Iran for the first time since 1979!!! This plane will be used at a later date as a weapon of mass destruction and you can take that to the bank!!!
No doubt. When they load it with enough used radioactive material to make it into the largest dirty bomb ever assembled it'll return.
That in 2014, with all the technological advancement in commercial aviation, that Boeing & Airbus have not made a reliable 24/7/365 tracking devise for this massive aircrafts is criminal and irresponsible!
To those who claim the plane never crashed, you never give an explanation on what happened to the passangers. Did they all die while the plane was above 45000 ft from lack of oxygen? Note those mask only provide oxygen for a maximum of 15 minutes. Are they being held hostage? What?
Well Duh, I could have told everybody that before they even thought they found debris.
the surviving families and friends should demand the gov't to look at the plane that is at the bottom of the bay of bengal. there is nothing to lose in checking out this very viable report.
Sounds like some scam pennystock promoter trying to gin up suckers to buy their worthless stock from the company insiders.
The plane is camouflaged and sitting on a jungle airstrip that was built by terrorists. They will load it with explosives, germs and maybe some nuclear material and then crash it into a major city. It will look like all the other commercial jets that fly every day so no one will know that it is coming.
If there is viable evidence that a plane is on the bottom in the Bay of Bengal...it is up to anyone to go take a look...if a commercial enterprise were to find it..I believe they would have salvage rights...and they would be able to recoup the costs by selling the black boxes to Malaysia.
The plane was piloted by a radical Muslim. Of course in this era of political correctness, Muslim extremists do not exist according the US government. It may be in Pakistan.
If you think that this whole thing is a cover up or has some conspiracy theory tied to it, you are a #$%$ idiot who does not know how vast our oceans are. The only thing the Malaysian government would be covering up is their obvious lack of safety concerns. They do not have the same standards over there that the US does. The plane malfunctioned over the ocean due to negligence of repairs, it is nowhere near Australia. The only reason they're searching down there is because of 1 claim that somebody may have saw a piece on a satellite image. Now tell me how that is not more logical than saying the CIA took it and its in iran getting outfitted to carry bombs to israel... PLEASE explain that.
...or just vote my comment down because you don't have a logical answer. gg
Are you seriously following my comments? You #$%$ psycho
I was just checking in to see if you were mad. You mad?
I suspect they will continue to investigate a multitude of "possible" debris for many years to come like Emilia Earhart's missing aircraft and I am sure there will be numerous conspiracy theories for the next 100 years!
The plane is in Area 51 in Nevada. Trust me on this one.
i really can't believe i'm reading that the search agency will not look into this. it is a possibility, & they sure as hell haven't come up with a single molecule of evidence searching the ocean by australia. the last known location of the plane, p/military aircraft, was northwest. search party insists believing that plane did a 180 & flew over open water for approx 6 hours (for no reason?) i would think a reasonable person would be sure to investigate this possibility. since when does 'modern man' believe only what he wants to believe & excludes any other reality???
Never heard of any 9-11 conspiracies I take it..
Reasonable people know that we don't have all of the information that the search team has...probably including satellite-based tracking data of some sort, the full details of which have not been released.
Read how the company claims to have found it. That's why they're not investigating.
Trust it to these big headed people to admit they are wrong and have to say that someone else who they believe is not as educated as they are found it. I hope they wake up and look!
ya know?.......it would at the very least be fun to go look, nobody is considering the "fun factor" in all of this and what of it if they find a nuclear submarine with a boat collapsed over the top of it?, the thing would look almost like an airplane.
Guess work is the best you have at the present time. Someone outside of your circle has suggested that you take a look at the information they have presented you with and you are saying no, because you believe your guess work is better then maybe their new technology. Something is wrong with this picture.
If we put this much energy in solving world hunger as we're doing finding this plane, it would have been solved 10 times over already. Actually, haven't there been numerous ships and planes that have disappeared in the Bermuda Triangle? Why aren't we getting banged over the head with that everyday?
Please stop wasting our valuable resources on this search and rescue thing. If the plane is in that deep of water it is not recoverable anyway. Just let the people rest in peace. Over the upcoming years something may identify where it is but for now let's call it quits.
Experts please start over from the beginning, acft is obviously hijacked ... now what would terrorists want to steal a plane for and where would they take it? I bet they would make sure you didn't see which way they were going. Please, go north.
There will be no surprise to me when this plane shows up over some city and crashes into a building and kills many innocent people. This plane was highjacked, the people were killed and it is now being remodeled into a terrorist bomber.
It just can't be that the missing aircraft is somewhere that nobody would ever suspect! Why, that would mean that the authorities that be have wasted all sorts of time and money! That would mean that all this international cooperation has been on the wrong trail! That would mean starting over!
They dont want to find that plane. For them to not even check it out, they dont want it found. The reason once it finally comes to light will probably be shocking.
Says the guys with no justifiable argument.
Well, they are fools if they don't at least check this out and try to verify what it is.
Seems the plane have been hijacked and sent to Arabian peninsula as terrorist al Qaeda is gaining strength, use the plane with nuclear weapons aboard that might supplied by Iran to hit their new target in US soil. CIA, FBI must do their utmost analysis not to rule out this unforeseen evil plan of enemies just like they did to twin towers, @Tyranny is in your Future is almost precise correct of his conclusions.
All this time and nothing? The only reasonable explanation I have that something went wrong and some very resourceful government is involved. Possibly the one that looking for it the hardest. My guess it will never be found.
The only theory left is: abduction by aliens.
There has been no new validated information since the third day after the plane went missing, yet they have moved the search area 3 times a considerable distance. A legitimate investigation would go back to the last point with validated information and look again with fresh eyes. The satellite "ping" had no directional information.
Strange indeed.. could be anywhere, even hijacked and taken to another country.
It's at least worth a look. Especially with such a precise location.
Within about a week in March after MH370 disappeared I did a deep concentration and posted several comments: MH370 went down about 3,700 miles northwest of takeoff point. It is under water. I said that the plane had been hijacked. I incorrectly said that it would be found on March 22.
This entire incident has been suspect from day 1. If authorities Do Not even search Bay of Bengal they should be prosecuted. GeoResonance has an exact location to be searched so even if it is not the wreckage, it could at least be ruled out within a few days.
Supposedly it HAS been investigated and ruled out.
A lot of people would have egg on their face if the plane is indeed found in the Bengal Bay area. I assume that is why they are so quick to dismiss this before even attempting to verify it.
Well, have you idiots found anything yet in your "search area" that you were so confident that's where the plane is? still, nothing found as of today. I suggest you monkeys send some men to bay of Bengal just to verify what the object is. As long as nobody has found any plane wreckage, you people need to consider all possibilities that this plane might be anywhere on the surface of our planet.
I'll say it again. This jet deviated off course and would not communicate. Some gov't blew it out of the sky. And THAT my friends is why no one can 'find' it.
I guarantee this plane is in Pakistan and the passengers are all dead. They no doubt plan to hit something in Europe 9/11 style. Need to be getting ready for that possibility and protecting major sites.
there are planes in pakistan too.
I think your right but Europe I think Israel is more like it or somewhere here in USA!
It`s weird not one piece of wreckage was found anywhere after all this time. Makes me wonder if this jet ever crashed at all ?
That jet probably landed in a rogue'istan country like pakistan - after all, they hid Osama for over 10 years while the US provided them with military and financial aid while waging a war next door.
This plane will never be found, because very powerful people in both the Chinese and American governments do not want it to be found!
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 isn't in the ocean people.
Right it is not in the ocean ,and they know where it is , so stop the comedy!!!
They don't want to look at this new spot, which means they know where the plane is at. And if they know where the plane is at, they would have found it by now unless they are purposely looking in the wrong place. If they don't want the plane to be found, they are covering something up. My guess is the plane was accidentally (or purposely) shot down by someone's military.
I think you got it Michael !!
Perhaps a private organization will take up the search based on this information. This company has claimed to have had success with their tech, so perhaps they will invest more time and money to develop their data to make a more compelling case.
There's something wrong with this picture. Somebody knows something they are not telling us. What other reason could there be for dismissing out of hand any lead they are given?
And why searchers only look for dissolved debris of plane and passengers in the bottom of that sea and they never look for a chance of survivors in so many tiny islands within that ocean?
That is because the plane was hijacked. We will find the plane when some terrorist group uses it as a weapon somewhere.
If they ever do find it, I can guarantee you one thing. It will be the last place they look.
Good post Professor.... how's that 420 coming along?
Why are they still discounting the theory that the plane landed somewhere and it will be used for a terrorist attack.
What people (and I'm talking about conspiracy theorists on here) tend to forget or just simply don't comprehend is that Indian ocean is VASTLY HUGE and DEEP. While radars and other tracking devices and such are good and "high-tech", it will take a LONG time for plane to be found if that. Remember Air France flight? Took over a year to find the wreck. It's been less than 2 months....patience. No, it's not sitting on a runway in Iran.
The united states and other countries have the ability to launch a 4x4 in space land in on mars millions of miles away and then control it with a joystick from florida or texas. Yet we cant find a airplane on our own planet. Pathetic really pathetic
Water is opaque to almost all useful frequencies of EM radiation. That's why we hide submarines in it. It makes things very, very difficult to find, and there's a lot of it to hide in. Actually, if GeoResonance can do even half of what it's claiming, I'm surprised the world's antisubmarine warfare community is not absolutely beating down their doors.
We know more about outer space than we do about our oceans. Water is a tricky thing.
The plane is probably going to be used as a war machine.
The officals would rather find nothing, than be embarrassed by a private firm who might find it. They are all leftists that think big government is the answer for everything. NO WAY they are gonna let a private concern show them up.
It is called Misinformation! For someone to help prove this aircraft didn't land/crash in the southern Indian Ocean. It would confirm the "Misinformation Operation " these governments are engaged in. Triangulation of a signal is easy to do. They had detected the signal more than once in their search. Where the indication lines intersect, X marks the spot. They are all incompetent since the little sub and their sonar have not found anything. This is a major cover up!
The radar showing the plane making a U turn and flying back the other way was probably really the plane sent up to shoot down the 777 to kill the scientists going to China with cloaking technology and classified computer chips.
Why can't we just say it's lost and we can't find it and move on? Seems like an enormous waste of time, energy and money to keep searching.
Just like everything else, you always find something in the last place you look.
Naturally, they dismiss it out of hand, because they KNOW that it landed on Diego Garcia...
It really doesn't matter if they think this possible new discovery is the MH370 or not. They have the resources there, they should check it out.
Go look. They have nothing to lose and everything to gain.
The Sea of Bengal makes more sense than so far south to Australia. They originally said that the aircraft made a sharp left turn which would take it directly over the Sea of Bengal, but the people doing the search don't care to check it out for fear that they might look a little simple minded.
People still think the plane crashed in the ocean? It's obviously on land somewhere...
Unfortunately, no one will ever find any conclusive evidence that this flight crashed.
I certainly wouldn't make such a statement. You have no idea if that is the case or not.
Hmm ness!! Than did aliens take it or is it still flying around ?
Uh, the terrorists have it. Hello?
The Bay of Bengal looks much more realistic. However, I still believe it is somewhere on land, hidden and heavily guarded. Everything else makes no sense.
That it would be on teh ground somewhere, heavily guarded, is what makes 'no sense'. Try less am radio Bub...its turned your 'brain' to mush.
What GeoResonance found was not "wreckage." It was merely a shift in the chemical composition of a certain area of the Bay of Bengal over a period of days. They seized an opportunity to publicize their innovative technology, but it was either a failure of the analysis or a rash conclusion.
Do you believe this company would risk it's credibility this way?
Cathy: It's a small company. And they apparently did risk their credibility.
"shift in the chemical composition' ? Hmm, I wonder if they can spot when lead changes to gold too. ;)
Why don't they go look? The company has the site pinpointed, and the water is around 3000 feet. Drop a camera down, what's the big deal?
Just inquire if the pilot is from a certain group of suicide fanatics, and if so, take a different flight. That is what we learn from this and several other episodes. We know what is up and the investigation details are just academic at this point.
Its sad to say, but its time to give up looking for this. There is no definitive area of where it was last seen. Devastating for the families, but the right thing to do.
It crashed in the ocean and everyone is dead. What is the mystery, CNN? Give it up. Its old news. Who cares anymore in America? I worry more about the Obama regime and its lies than a missing foreign plane.
Brilliant. Yahoo puts a picture of a B-52 on the article. Who writes this #$%$?
Hate to burst your bubble, but that is not a b-52. More like a C5a or a C141.
"GeoResonance says on its website that it offers a unique and proven method of geophysical survey that detects electromagnetic fields from various chemical elements. GeoResonance did not respond to requests for further comment." Sounds like an advertisement. I GeoResonance believe the plane is in this location then they should pay a private company to go take a look.
Check it out, what's the harm? If it turns out it's a plane but not the right one get GeoResonance down to the area of the pings and look with their technology and do it like now.
So the plan is to simply keep searching the area where nothing has turned up just because you're pretty sure that's where it is? Given all of the available equipment, how difficult would it be to send one ship over to investigate . . .
definition of insanity--doing the same thing over & over again, expecting a different response.
The searchers must be all men, they never ask for directions nor seek one. That's why Moses was lost for 40 days in the dessert. They are groping blindly in an area that hasn't given them any clues whatsoever yet they are still there looking and looking for what God only knows. May God and the families forgive them if MH370 is actually in the Bay of Bengal.
Annie needs to read the Bible many times again: Moses lost forty years (NOT 40 days) in the desert .
Not ONE so called news story about this plane has EVER had anything to do with anything other than saying ,,, they have zip... so what is up with all of that wasted so called news time and space?
I understand it's rough for the families but it's gone, time to move on.
Aliens cannot be ruled out. We need to globally recognize these heroes and establish a worldwide fund for mishaps like this. I would like to see the USA take the lead and donate a few billion and commemorate these fallen heroes with a memorial and in service holiday .
Can't be there. The Malaysian government didn't tell him to crash it there. Someone is on the take on this deal. I just want to know who.
Look for the last time the plane is in Pakistan getting retro fitted with a new transponder to fly a nuclear device into New York City.... I have no concrete evidence but clearly a plane and all debris just doesn't disappear without a trace. Next, the reasoning behind my claim is the fact that Pakistan is still wreathing anger that the US has the nerve to come into their country and kill OBL who they were hiding from us......
When you don't know, all things become possible.
Because the plan is to never find it so nobody can get sued.
When some top leader says chances of finding floating debris is now remote, it's a red flag about the qualifications of those leading the search.
In the southern Indian Ocean? Are you kidding? When some top leader says the chances of finding recognizable floating debris after more than a month out there is now remote, it's a sign that the leader in question has a shred of common sense and passed oceanography 101.
Sounds like someone's too invested in their theory about where the plane is to follow up on other leads. Doesn't seem wise to ignore any credible clues at this late point in the search, but I'm just an internet speculator and this article isn't particularly informative.
Wise up. This plan is being refitted for a jihadist mission. All the passengers and crew died of oxygen deprivation and have been disposed of. It might be years, but we will see this plan again and it will bring massive destruction to please Allah.
Transponders turned off and a suspicious flight comes in to India which shoots the jet down then finds out they shot down Chinese citizens angering the Chinese and starting a war. I bet they are scrambling to deny the hell out of this finding.
just surprised that some enterprising soul has not painted up a piece of aluminum or whatever material this plane was made of--to look similar to the airliner and tried to get money saying they know where it is
At this point I would not dismiss a single theory or lead. Hell, if someone told me DB Cooper stole it I would have to believe it until proven otherwise.
With all the electronic devices, black box; and seat cushions on the plane nothing floated up? No oil slick or fuel slick? Pretty scary stuff.
Apparently the people searching for this plane do not want it to be found. If they did want it found, they would check out any new leads, regardless of how remote they seem, especially since they don't really have a clue where to start looking.
This does get me wondering if some officials are being paid off by INMARSAT.
One cannot overcome the results of mathematics and trigonometry by use of images produced by a secret gadget claimed to be able to gather images of sunken aircraft using background radiation resonances from metallic objects a thousand meters underwater. What a wonderful publicity stunt.
Most likely that plane landed, refuled. killed the passengers and is in a hanger being refitted with explosives. As to what KIND of explosives ? Well we'll just have to wait and see whats in it
Thank you, GeoResonance, but apparently the plane isn't meant to be found yet... The powers that be have to first get their agendas together, lol.
There was a movie where people was vanishing off a plane now the whole plane vanished into thin air,it was abducted by illegal aliens.
maybe its like that show "Lost"
The search should have gone to runways long enough to handle the plane long ago. A wave hopping trip to Pakistan would be my guess!
Flying on the deck would have consumed too much fuel, the plane would never have made it to Pakistan.
I can't believe that they are not following up on the first solid evidence they have been given. Something is wrong. Looks like a cover up.
I mean this new group/company has some convincing evidence, and the people in charge of this search are just going to turn their noses up at these finds? At the very least shouldn't one of these countries around the new information just take a quick peak. I mean, at this point with how crazy everything has been, you can never be quite sure.
Definitely not. Not MH370. After all, the government has been so right about everything else so far. . .
The plane obviously flew into outer space. Otherwise, we would have found it by now!!!
Right. They detect electric fields from various chemical elements through thousands of feet of water. I'm sure they found some dimwitted investors for that.
WHY ARE THEY LOOKING FOR A PLANE THAT WAS OBVIOUSLY ABDUCTED BY ALIENS!
for one reason or another, it is not on the agenda that the plane be located in the bay of bengal. strikes me as extremely irresponsible to dismiss this without trying to verify. it's not like they're getting hundreds of tips a day & can't keep up. they are throwing good money after bad--wonder what that reason is. somehow, someway, the bay of bengal site will checked--if only because surviving familiy members insist on it. incomprehensible.
Truth and time walk hand-in-hand. You'll never find a wreckage because there wasn't one.
Bay of Bengal? How far is the predicted location from India or Myanmar? Can they conduct a diving operation? Or, perhaps, that is close enough to China or Malaysia that they can fund/ or send some equipment to go look?
Is the total cost of this search being (or will it be) billed to Malaysia Air? Will that cost then be forwarded to insurance companies? I see some bankruptcies over this if the costs are passed along.
Just more bureaucratic arrogance. The world is full of it. The British are famous for it. The Americans are trying their best to keep up with, or surpass, the British.
it would be a smoke screen if it drew attention from the fruitless search going on near australia. it is not going to do that, b/c the idiots in charge refuse to keep an open mind.
I think if there is any chance of the find being MH 370 they will have to look into it. the only way they cant look into this as a possible find of MH370 is to actually find MH370 . and for some reason I just dont see them finding it anytime soon. I am sure however somebody know`s where this aircraft is and that somebody is a big Govt.
Because it landed at Veer Savarkar airport in Port Blair on Andaman Island that night (owned by India), exactly where it was "officially" headed when radar contact was "allegedly" lost.
I found some finger nail clippings on the sand in San Francisco over the weekend. I wonder if we should screw with the families some more?
The fact of the matter is that they haven't got a clue where to search. They don't even have a shred of evidence that Flight 370 ever even flew over the Indian Ocean. This search is an utter waste of time.
if it had flown over the indian ocean, military radar @ diego garcia should have caught it, as well the the australians @ their 'listening post'--if they captured it on radar, they're not sharing.
Why wouldn't anyone just admit it's been abducted by aliens? That's a possibility too...
As dumb as Malaysia is, I'm surprised they haven't searched the moon's surface yet for that plane.
They know where the plane is. This was premeditated by the Malaysian government. This plane landed in a secure location and the passengers are being used in medical experiments.
They have been searching for OVER 1 month and have found didly squat! They have spent 55 MILLION, but now they are not going to at least check out this possibility? Now it sounds like we are starting to get into conspiracy and coverup territory. Why not check? Is there something they are trying to hide or coverup?
People on this board are crazy with their Faux news conspiracy theories. Don't they know how long it took to find the Titanic? Don't they know of all the aircraft and planes that have gone missing over the ocean never to be seen again? Are they all being secretly kept for a terrorist attack? Ridiculous.
This nonsense is great advertisement for their company, nothing more.
OK, so you are committing millions of dollars and thousands of man-hours and hundreds of resources, from boats to airplanes to subs, to run an intricate and complex search operation in the middle of the South Indian Ocean, and some startup company tells you that you need to go look somewhere about 5000 km away and look at something THEY think is important. If the searchers have to follow every lead (promising or not....remember, they are ALL 'promising' at first), we'll never get this done. The Ozzies been doing a great job so far; there is no reason to suddenly assume that they are making a mistake. If GeoResonance is so sure of their findings, they rent a boat and an underwater sub and go look yourself. If you are right, you are instantly famous and rich. If you are wrong, then you just saved distracting the Ozzies from their incredibly complex and expensive task that they are doing just fine with.
the searchers aren't following ANY leads--only the inmarsat data.
The Inmarsat data is complex and highly redundant...that means it's reliable. Best to continue to focus on that, rather than redeploy thousands of miles away based on someone else's idea. Or do you think they should treat ALL 'leads' equally and just run willy-nilly all over the place?
This company is taking advantage of the incident to put its business name on the front page. Free advertising! The sad part about it is that it is not illegal. Anybody can claim anything! If it will be found later that their claim is false, they can just say "well, sorry!". Meanwhile, they've received a lot of publicity.
The truth is in the cargo that was being flown to China, the Americans said no way.
i'm still waiting to see a cargo manifest
Meanwhile, the the Obama NSA has deemed it "NATIONAL SECURITY" and "CLASSIFIED" and has now REFUSED to respond to legal FOIA court request by attorney Orly Taitz for their knowledge of this lost airliner. Call your congressman TODAY and demand they ACT. "We have determined that the fact of the existence or non-existence of the materials you request is a currently and properly classified matter in accordance with the Executive Order 13526, as set forth in Sub-paragraph (c) of Section 1.4. Thus your request is denied pursuant to the first exemption of the FOIA which provides that the FOIA does not apply to matters that are specifically authorized under criteria established by an Executive Order to be kept order in the interest of national defense or foreign relations and are, in fact properly classified pursuant to such Executive Order."
Doesn't anyone find it strange that an exact match of mh370 has been parked in a hangar in Tel Aviv since last year. Anyone who is not a mindless drone knows that moussad is responsible for 911. Imho, I believe another false flag has either been aborted or delayed due to the fact that so many people are aware this time.
I think the plane is still aloft in another parallel universe.
The answer is plane and simple, alien abduction.
I haven't read a lot of the posts but it seems to me that the aliens of the green hue get a pass this time. Maybe with Obama there, Orly can focus her attention on the "real alien" of the black shade.
Aliens took it, trust me! and in 10 years the plane is going to land. Didnt they make a TV show like that not to long ago
I am a bit surprised that Australia is paying for this. Shows that they are a good country since they have little to do with this tragedy yet are offering their full support. I would think that if China is unable to supply the service, they would at least cover the expenses.
answer for yourself why the u.s. nsa denied an foi request for info the us has into the 'missing' plane. the foi request was denied because the issue is 'classified'. since everyone is being so 'transparent', what causes this to be a classified operation?? query nsa foi in the last week or so.
Another false hope, another dead end. Face it: the plane lies at the bottom somewhere in the deep vast rough waters of the Indian Ocean and will never be found. You haven't heard any more peeps out of the families - they've accepted the fact that it's over.
Silly authorities. All they need to do is come here and read the comments from all of the people who are 100% sure they have all the answers.
I like the one with the UFO capture of the aircraft.
Cover up....it's the old "look over here!" while world governments, especially the US cabal and it's CIA are up to dirty business elsewhere in the world while it's citizens ignore the truth and change the tv channel while eating their McDonalds hamburger, and getting fatter and lazier.
The plot thickens..This is a job for Mulder and Scully!......This is now just a waste of time and money. A big smoke screen coverup. It's here, its there...its wherever. The excuses are exhausting, and after a while peoples interest will wane and move on to the next story. With our technology aircraft like this dont disappear without a trace.
Who cares! The passengers are all dead and are halfway to California by now in 800 feet of water. Stop wasting money and energy on this.
I honestly wish you were on board mh370 so I could feel good about saying yeah give it up Kyle is fish bait. LOL
The wreckage isn't in the Indian Ocean either, it's in Pakistan, and it ain't wreckage.
They're probably afraid it's true. There's something really fishy about this.
For some reason, from the beginning, they just will not look to the north. Something is up and they don't want anyone to know. Wasn't Osama bin Laden buried at sea in the Indian Ocean? Are they afraid he will be or won't be found?
Buried in the Arabian Sea, North..
read it again: (Reuters) - A private company said it had found what it believes is wreckage of a plane in the Bay of Bengal that should be investigated as potential debris from missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370, but the possibility was dismissed by search coordinators. i am truly shocked---who or what is paying these people for this unreasoning stupidity. have to give credit to hishammuddin--'working w/his international partners'--probably would like it checked, but the BOSS says no.
I'm surprised they're still "Looking" for it. They know where this plane is, and the money being spent on trying to locate it, is actually being used to train the officers/civilians/etc that are leading the search efforts. No one cares to look for the pane at Diego Garcia, or in Israel. Ask the Black gov't for the whereabouts, they know where it is.
The plane is tucked away somewhere and will be for a year or so. The plane will then be used either as a weapon itself or to drop dirt bombs, Ebola, etc.. all over us and possibly Israel. Let us pray that Barry Hussein is not in office when it happens.
What's a MH370? Cripe! That kid that flew tucked under a plane's landing gear for 5-hrs, at freezing temperatures with no oxygen seems to be ok. What does that tell you? Everything you need to know.
The flying in the direction of Bay of Bengal makes more sense than flying a hijacked plane to the South Pole. Clearly, hijackers were headed in a direction of a number of countries in a very troubled part of the world. But the incompetent leaders of the search effort are happy with their tunnel vision. You can't fix inept...
Reading between the lines, "We don't want egg on our face. Until we can spin this information to make it look like we did all the work, we will continue to ignore the information."
Time for the US Navy to come clean and say what they actually know.
If these people have technology that does what they claim it does why don't they look in the area that the experts think the plane is and see if they can find it there?
Remember the 2.7 Magnitude earthquake around the bay of Bengal just a day after MH 370 went missing? I believe georesonance are definitely on track with their claim. The search agency and inmersat r scared it might be true
What has the earthquake to do with the missing plane,,,i dont get it.
i'm pretty sure the 'seismic event' that occurred @ the time the plane went 'missing' was in the south china sea. they say when the pan am flight impacted ground in lockerbie, there was a 'seismic event' also--approx 2 point something on the richter scale.
Up to 26 countries, including several global and regional rivals, have been involved in the search. Bully China is there because most of the victims are Chinese otherwise, just like bullies S0Bchese Russia, N. Korea, and Israel .. they are never be where helps needed most
Idiot...Israel at least is usually among the first nation to send disaster help wherever it is needed. They have been on the scene in Africa, the Phillippines, Haiti, Chile, wherever they are needed.
Ira, stop the bs, show me the pictures
I say - Don't spend another penny of our tax payers money on this wild goose chase, let China spend their money, God knows we give them plenty.
Dave, look closely at most of the items in Wal Mart, They are all made in China. Do you think China gives those things to Wal Mart to sell? If we want China to have less power, buy things made elsewhere. And I think we do want China to have less power, with their saber rattling against Japan and the Philippines, and building aircraft carriers and trying to take over tiny rocky islands in order to claim more territory. If we bought things that were made in the USA we'd keep that money circulating in our own economy, and not have to borrow money .
Of course, the Malaysia's Transport Ministry does not want the MH 370 found. They do not want the World to know and to document what their Moslem Brother did to those Chinese human beings. So they dropped lone black boxes that they know would never would be found but would mislead the world by their beeping sounds from finding the evidence that would hang the Moslen butchers.
The plane is probably in Pakistan.
There is no "probably" that it is anywhere until they find it. And when they do, the nutjobs will claim it was planted since they are all convinced it is on land somewhere. Loons, all of them.
They should take that big plane in the main photo and pack it with bombs and take out south and southwest Phoenix where all the Mexicans group together 12 and 15 in a home, then rebulild.
The wreckage should be identified anyways, what a bunch of idiots!
No, they don't have an obligation to follow up on self-serving promotional "leads" intended to get the companies technology in the news. What a joke. Look, Immarsat data had the airplane engines spinning for 6-7 hours. It would take max 3 1/2 to get to the Bay of Bengal. What did it do? Circle for 3 hours without being picked up by Indian Radar? India's radar is pretty good. dumb.
I'm starting to believe that the pilot intended to crash the plane into the munitions and communications installations on Diego Garcia, and the U.S. military blew the plane to smithereens. It will never be found, because there is nothing left of it.
Here's been my assumption from the start: You've got 2 Iranians with stolen passports aboard. They enter the cockpit shortly after take-off and force the pilots to pull all the main busses; thus turning off transponder and radar tracking. They then force the pilots to take a sharp left turn towards the Middle East. To me, the fact that the nearby satellite received pings for several hours after this point concludes that the plane is sitting on a runway in the Middle East somewhere, probably Iran (see 2 Iranians with stolen passports above). Before the end of the year, probably in September, we'll see this plane again on the news, and it won't be pretty.
Exactly! And, they should be looking in Russia and North Korea. It did not crash.
I bet it'll be painted in a pink and orange. You're right, it won't be pretty.
@Logan P. You cant disable radar pings.. How in the hell do you think police radar works?? Do you think it something that we have inside our cars.. NO..
@ Logan. Bats use sonar (echolocation), not radar...
@Drew: (1) How do you suppose they can enter the cockpit? It is completely sealed and locked. No one can enter the cockpit unless it was opened from inside. (2) Even if they were somehow forced the door to be opened the pilots always can send hijack distress calls secretly. (3) The plane's fuel doesn't allow it to reach any Iran's airport in 6 hours. (4) To reach anywhere in Iran, the plane must flew in a direct route, which passes over India, Pakistan and several U.S. military radars. If this was the case, at least one of the radars in the region should have seen something. (5) OK, if magically the plane managed to reach Iran, how exactly they are going to use it? Fly to U.S.? FYI, any plane coming out of Iran would be picked by several radars.
Flight MH370 did not crash into the ocean, period!!! Someone turned off the transponder, someone turned off the communication system and someone changed the flight plan. If another jet was to fly under or above flight MH370 with their transponder on then both of these planes would look like one plane on radar. And then we find a US jet in Iran for the first time since 1979!!! This plane will be used at a later date as a weapon of mass destruction and you can take that to the bank!!!
Wrong theory. Sounds logical, but it doesn't work that way. Two large aircraft flying in formation will still show up to a qualified radar operator as two distinctively separate aircraft. Smaller aircraft like fighters can fly in tight formation, the B-777 can not. And the raw radar return (SIF/IFF transponders off) will be inordinately large, something like two people trying to make one shadow. And because of the combined turbulence created, they're restricted from any close formation flying at altitude. Source: Me... 8 years as a radar operator (USAF) and scores of intercepts of Soviet aircraft trying that exact thing.
@what.....you are totally correct. The plane is in iran or pakistan, yet these bozoos keep insisting that it is in the ocean. It will turn up soon, possibly over our heads.
Gee, Bob, I wonder how that little B-52 gets so close to a KC-10 with that being "restricted from any close formation flying at altitude": With one Parrot Squawking and the other Strangled "Dressy Lady" couldn't see a difference with a "Deuce" or "Six" underneath us. Source: Me, who used to spend 15 minutes in that eight foot box to get 90,000# of fuel.
been saying from the start it didn't crash it was taken. it is sitting in a hanger somewhere waiting to be filled with explosives or turned into a dirty bomb, a plane filled with depleted uranium exploded in or over a city would kill everyone. and make it uninhabitable for decades. imagine new york state closed for 100 years or florida or washington dc.
So they aren't going to look at PHYSICAL evidence and keep on with their HYPOTHETICAL evidence? How about you go to where the physical evidence is, prove or disprove that its the plane your LOOKING for. If it is search ended, if its not then continue on? Oh I guess if the search ends you won't be getting paid your extra funding to search. Never mind.....
"This may be due to a lack of understanding of the company's technological capabilities, This is what happens when you deal with little yellow monkeys.
at any minute of any day -the united states and Russia have spy satellites watching the earth and not much happens that is not on someones cameras somewhere-if this plane was down in any ocean it would have been seen-it is in some foreign country and the spies know it but won't or can't say
Yeah they all point their spy satellites at the empty ocean instead of watching each other. Makes perfect sense.
guess you never heard of being where they least expect you - you would be a starving cat standing at the front hole while the rats all escape out the back hole
I can't believe that we are still wasting millions of dollars looking for something that is not there and to cover up another lie of Osama the dictator terrorist pig. Osama knows where that plane is, it is sitting on the ground in iran and those people are either dead or in prison. They are never going to find that plane again.
@Paul - You have been drinking too much of something or taking too many pills. Talk to your nurse and maybe she can adjust your dosage.
Do you have a better answer for why this plane or any trace of it hasn't been found? Why don't you smart people enlighten us with your wisdom of where it is and why not a ounce of a trace has been found, and the local people said they saw the plane that morning fly right over them heading the opposite way from where it was suppose to be heading. The FBI that Osama controls dismissed all of those reports. Why? Again to protect this moron and we spend Billions again cleaning up another cover up of his. Why don't you people that are so intelligent lets us all in on your wisdom. Tell us where it is, you so called geniuses. Give us all some insight. We are waiting with open ears.
Do people really still think the plane crashed? It's obviously on land somewhere...
I feel the governments do not want the plane to be found. Someone is hiding something and they do not want us to find out.
Somebody deliberately shut off the plane's tracking equipment just as the flight transitioned from Malaysian to Vietnamese airspace, the airliner was deliberately steered around the island of Sumatra to avoid detection, and not a single piece of wreckage has been recovered! Yet, we still insist on pretending that the missing airliner is somewhere off Australia! Start looking along the northern flight arc before it's too late.
As I've been saying all along ... they will never find it because it didn't crash on land or water. It was flown to a secret base or secret airport and everyone involved has been silenced (one way or another). And to the naysayers who will now call me a moron and crazy ... prove me wrong.
Actually, the most plausible explanation is that when it went silent, it was considered a rogue plane and it was shot down. Nobody will take credit for that. But that is where the world is these days. There will never be another 9-11...Not there, not here, nowhere. One thing is certain, it did not fly on and on and on and on and on....and on, as the officials would have us believe.
This is all a bunch of bull! There is NO way the plane went down in the ocean and nobody has found a piece of evidence yet. That plane did NOT go down in the ocean! We will soon find out what happened to the plane as soon as it resurfaces for terrorist activity. Plain and simple.
Da Greek, I agree with you 110%.
Plain and simple would describe you, not what happened to the plane.
They found MH370. Next they we'll be saying they found Obamas real birth certificate, like that'll ever happen.
Sounds like this company just wants some free PR.
Oh please these people have ZERO clue as to where the plane crashed. They will stick with their story because they do not want to endure the public humiliation they will get if the wreckage the private company found is of the MH370.
They didn't pick that area out of a hat. Unless you're privy to confidential information, such as the pilot's hard drive from his home flight simulator, you should keep your imbecilic opnions to yourself.
The plane has crashed. Get over it... Lots of Americans were lost in planes at sea in WW 2 , and no one looks for them, Lots of Americans were on ships that sank in WW 2. This plane was brought down in the Muslim war against the world. Everyone knows it. It is not possible to find every victim of war.
I think you are all off your rocker. There is no evidence that this plane landed anywhere and is being used for some bigger purpose. You people are so brainwashed into believing everything that you don't understand must have some sinister purpose. This ain't the first plane to ever disappear and none of them were ever used for anything. WHy would they go thru the trouble of hanging onto this plane instead of using it right away. How much time has to go by until you admit you are a paranoid conspiracy psycho
There is no evidence that the plane crashed either. As far as any previous missing airplane not being used, no one ever crashed a plane into the Twin Towers. There will be a first time for everything. I hope you don't buy into our government always telling the truth!
There is also NO EVIDENCE that the plane crashed in the water. Sure, there's a lot of ocean that hasn't been searched but one would think that SOMEONE, by now, would have found SOMETHING floating in the ocean. To date, no one has found a dam*ed thing.
The is the largest aircraft to disappear without a trace since Douglas DC-4 N 4726V disappeared 700 nm west of Frisco in 1964. Remember, the Indian Ocean is EIGHT TIMES the size of America. It's a damn big pool to get lost in.
How could they find it there when the plane is clearly at US airforce base Diego Garcia?
Let me guess, the republicans stole it right? Moron...
This plane is not in the ocean. It is sitting in Pakistan and will remain there until we find it or until time has passed and forgotten. It will resurface years from now loaded with a nuke and flown into the Capitol.
You're an idiot. For one thing, a high-profile hijacking/disappearance like this is no way to obtain an aircraft for a clandestine mission. The way to do it is to openly buy a surplus aircraft from an airline, pout it in a hangar and announce you're refurbishing it. Then you hire a wizard to make it invisible to radar, so no military on Earth can detect it in flight and shoot it down for violating the air space over the Capitol. And I think you're idiotic enough to believe the part about a wizard.
I've said it before & I'll say it again, the Malaysian military shot it down when it didn't respond to their interceptor jets, the wreckage in the Bay of Bengal is of MH370, the Malaysian government doesn't want China to find out what really happened because of the repercussions. Do the damn search.
You have very valid point there. This is typical when some thing fishy is going on. Very suspicious, why is Australia insisting on that area of search. It makes you think, doesn't it.
So the Malaysian military chased the plane until Gulf of Bengal and shot it down? You are contradicting your self.If they shot it down, then why the plane is at the bottom of the sea in Gulf of Bengal, as you say, thousands of miles away.
And the two separate pinger signals that were detected where the current search is taking place? What is your explanation for that? Or the fact that satellite tracking confirm it continued to fly for seven hours? Both of these things are facts, independently confirmed by sources outside of Malaysia.
The satellite did not track it for that seven hours, it was assumed that it flew seven hours until it ran out of fuel, the two or three pings were probably a red herring black box dropped there by the Malays to throw the searchers off
Also, with Australia's military stationed in Perth it would have been impossible for a huge aircraft to have not been picked up by their radar
The private contractors who stand to make $60-100 million in the upcoming hired-contractor search phase in the Indian Ocean (just about to begin...) absolutely DO NOT want this plane found! AT all! The best deal for them is to run out that entire $60 million contract uselessly searching in the Indian Ocean and NOT finding anything! So, yeah--they and all their connections are saying, "no way it's in Bay of Bengal"!
ALL YOU SO CALLED EXPERTS NEED TO STOP LOOKING IN THE #$%$ OCEAN ITS NOT IN THE DAMN OCEAN, USE YOUR #$%$ COMMON #$%$ SENSE PEOPLE, THIS PLANE IS ON LAND SOMEWHERE ITS WANTED FOR A REASON INTACT SO GET YOUR DAMN HEAD OUT OF YOUR #$%$ AND LOOK ON LAND DAMN YOU PEOPLE ARE SO #$%$ STUPID AND THEY CALL YOU PEOPLE EXPERTS YEA RIGHT, STUPID STUPID STUPID #$%$ SO CALLED EXPERTS
You too are guessing, my friend. And...is there something wrong with your Caps Lock key?
Whoa, Rusty...calm down, my friend. Whoa.
Might want to get your blood pressure checked.
Say, let's get this same company to search for Earhart's plane in the Pacific!
You know why they cant find the Plane. Cause it never crashed. The plane was equipped with a special system from Raytheon that does not allow the plane to be hijacked and also does not allow the plane to be lost in tracking and can be controlled from the ground. What happened to the plane? It went up to 45,000 feet, oxygen was then turned off and everyone went to sleep, forever. The plane landed and the CIA knows exactly where as the plane went cause it had a predetermined flight path and a place to land. There are also systems to scrub or stop transmission from cell phones so those cannot be tracked. Look at this. The world is vast and the oceans are huge. With all this technology we cant locate an aircraft oil slick or fuel or any parts that would float...strange don't ya think?.
one of the more fun/silly conspiracy theories. Or, a scenario for your next movie. Or, trolling.
Why would they execute all the passengers and then steal a plane ?. It doesn't make sense . I would go for a theory of being shot down in error or purpose and a massive cover up . But remember that this is not the first time that aircraft have disappeared without trace .
I agree it is on the ground somewhere but the US has no idea where
How can there be a system that does not allow the plane to be hijacked? It seems your theory would say it was "hijacked" from someone on the ground, but you already said that it had a special system that would not allow it to be hijacked. Please explain this. How do you know the oxygen was turned off? You also hit the nail on the head. The world is vast, the ocean is huge. In comparison this plane is extrmely small. So it makes it hard to find. Get it? World big, ocean huge. Based on that why would you think that it would be easy to find?
You have completely lost your god dam mind! Please reattach your tinfoil hat.
CASH will make a person do odd things. Pilots are human and love CASH too. Odd absolutely not a thing from that plane has been found anywhere even though there are lots of stuff on all plane that float.
Hey Choctaw..what if they made a soft water landing as they ran out of fuel. The plane could stay largely intact but with enough structural damage to quickly sink leaving little debris. Sully showed us an airliner can make a soft water landing.
All planes have a system that does not allow the plane to be hijacked. It's a called a lock on the cockpit door.
@howie - enough with the soft water landing theory! So many people jump to this but don't bother understanding the details further that are involved with landing an airplane on water. Especially a 777 and in the middle of the Indian Ocean. It's just not feasible.
Put down the crack pipe guy.
Thank you Tom Clancy. Can't wait for the hard cover.
You guys did not get it. Robert made an error by writing: he plane was equipped with a special system from Raytheon that does not allow the plane to be hijacked and also does not allow the plane to be lost in tracking and can be controlled from the ground. It should read: The plane was equipped with a special system from Raytheon that allows the plane to be hijacked from the ground and not be tracked. Also read this: Harvesting personal data from social networking websites In 2010 Raytheon developed an "extreme-scale analytics" system named Rapid Information Overlay Technology (RIOT), which allows the user to track people's movements and even predict their behaviour by mining data from social networking sites including Facebook, Twitter, Gowalla, and Foursquare. Raytheon claims that it has not sold this software to any clients, but has shared it with US government and industry
The CIA is going to use that plane for another terrorist attack just like they used those planes on 9/11. History will repeat itself.
Michael - you ask why would someone steal a plane? They can stuff enough explosives in it and fly it anywhere they want.......BOOM! That's why. Now here is another theory. Notice how they said air force planes were dispatched...and then they didn't talk about it anymore? Maybe they shot it down and no one is talking about it. All I know is someone knows what happened but aren't saying. File this next to TWA 800 and all the other mysteries.
"The world is vast and the oceans are huge. With all this technology we cant locate an aircraft oil slick or fuel or any parts that would float...strange don't ya think?" you just answered your own question of why we can't find it by saying "The world is vast and the oceans are huge."
So if he's a nut,.......what are you peoples explanations?
At this point I have no evidence that this did not happen, however for the sake of argument in order to equip a large plane like a 777 to operate like a drone, and a autonomous one at that would require a very costly and complex upgrade to the entire aircraft and when you were done you would have a airliner bristling with antennas, with a couple of bulges in the sheet metal too as fairings for the electronic receiving equipment. The cockpit controls would go through some changes as well, It would seem unlikely that a normal flight crew would assume nothing is going on here when their plane is quite a bit different than they remember it, Not to mention these mods are not something you can do in a remote hanger somewhere, for a modification of this nature you would have to go to a manufacturer maybe a Chinese or Russian aerospace outfit could do this, but it would be hard to cover up. Just saying.
It cost more than 270 million to build this plane and you dont think that fly by wire system like all planes have can be controlled like a drone does? last time I checked the only bulge a drone has is in the nose no antennae or weird obstructions.... You dont think that all that technology isnt stuffed in thenose of that 777? and satellites cant be used by the CIA to control this plane? anything is possible.
Lets not forget that the plane has a range of close to 7000 miles. Lets take a look at where that plane could be in 7000 miles from its take off point. I love this stuff..people ask why kill 3-400 people on a plane and hide it? hmmmmm not really sure.
They have no clue where the plane went down, if it did go down.
Of course it is not the wreckage. The plane is sitting on a piece of land somewhere.
at this point, they might find amelia earhart before MH370.
New headlines: "WE haven't found it!"
Yes, they are doing so good on the search for the missing plane right now.....why in the world would they want anyone else's imput. It's all under control.............like its been for the last 50 days.
who wants to find a plane shot down by it's own country? China would kill them...
If the plane was shot down, the wreckage would have been spotted. And what's the point of the plane flying, off course, south?
Pilot must have read the article about a pre-historic fossile found well preserved under the ice caps in the Antartic. So lets try it with humans
Malaysia has been sending the world on a wild goose chase from the very start. I'm willing to bet they are covering something up... I honestly think that maybe they did accidentally shot the plane down. The wreckage ended up on the north side of the island. not in the ocean.
Must have been a hel of a crash so far they have found parts scattered for about 4000 miles!
said once I'll say again......The location of the plane was know less then 24 hours after it's.... disappearance. It took all this time to try to convince the world it can not be located. Ever wonder why black boxes aren't designed to break away an float off wreckage just below "mean sea level"? One hell of a weapon got to this bird, and it's been proved to a circle of those in the know.
Shhhhhhhhh.....there's a $55.61 million opportunity to search the Southern Indian Ocean.
Where's Sherlock Holmes when we need him?
I don't think it is in the bay of Bengal but if it is then it will be a massive egg on the face of the searchers.
Holy F go look you dumb a wholes it couldn't hurt you have spent millions of dollars and man hours and you have jack #$%$ , so go give it a try
right? just simply faching look! my lord people are dumb as #$%$!
Unbelievable, now they found a different plane,.....they will find the "Titanic II" first, before they ever will find Malaysian Airline Flight MH370, because we all feel in our hearts it was a government job !!!
They almost act like they don't want to find it. What are they trying to hide?
That is because MH370 never crashed
How on earth would you know? You don't.
same way you know it crashed...... where is your proof?
It must have crashed they have already confirmed the death of all the passengers....
show me a body... just one. Keep believing the lies
Michael we have all got very good at believing all their lies....
"Malaysia's Transport Ministry said it was assessing the credibility of the latest report." Who are they to assess anyones credibility?
CNN is reporting that they have found salt in the indian ocean
There is just something wrong with this whole deal..
Well ok , If its not MH370 then who's plane is it ? If you can't say then maybe , just maybe you SHOULD have a look see.
So I see how this is going to go........JACC will get and spend milions upon millions of dollars and find nothing. Then, about 6 months from now, some enterprising soul will finally get around to going deep dive in the Bay of Bengal and VOILA!!! Look what we found!! Here's an idea....send someone to go look now. It is pretty obvious there is something there.... so go look and determine what it is and/or isn't -- NOW! Anytime a government or a contractor getting paid to do a job dismisses another company or people, it behooves a quick follow up -- if for no other reason to maintain some semblance of trust and transparancy.
I still have a hunch that this plane is in a hangar somewhere and the people are being held hostage for several billion $ ransom. I think the US govt is not privied to the information because no one there can keep their mouth shut over anything. Maybe, just maybe obama knows about it but doubtful. One of the many strange things is that there's been absolutely no, not one piece of debris found anywhere and plenty of this stuff would stay afloat and wash up somewhere. That's my opinion and will be until proven otherwise.................
Find Jimmy Hoffa and you'll find the jet.
A fools errand. It's in Iran.
Twilight zone,plane hit a jet stream and hit such a excessive speed it put the plane back in time,Hey its as good as any other claim
Start checking known terrorist nations on land. The plane landed in Pakistan, Afghanistan, or Iran.
Or or or or or or or or..........
How many peaces of wrecked aircraft is in that part of the ocean?? You mean there could be more than one?
Why does moronic yahoo put up a picture 4 engined military transport plane at the head of the story?...the crashed plane, as even my 6 year old knows, was a twin engined Boeing 777 and there are a thousand of them out there, they could have googled it!
They put a pic of a russian aircraft actually, looks like Indian Air Force Il76
Freespace semi conductors. That plane was doomed from the get go.
They are "Lost" or the plane has landed in Shangri-La, and nobody wants to come back.
hey, the last radar contact with the plane had it heading due west at 25,000 feet: right towards the bay of Bengal.....
Never say never. It should be checked out if the company is legit. Ever seen the show Legit, pretty funny.
I think somebody got themselves a plane on the ground sopmewhere
This is like every Loch Ness documentary ever made. Promise, promise, promise, and in the end, we still didn't find #$%$.
Yeah...What in thee hell is with the picture of a C-141-Starlifter....USAF....?.....Cant they even put a correct picture of Thee 777....?
If GeoResonance thinks it should be investigated, then why don't THEY investigate???? They think they have found something, but they are too lazy to investigate?? Are they just all talk and no action??
cathy, their business is discovery, not retrieval.
The fact is, they haven't found the plane yet. All promising leads should still be pursued. They should at least go take a look.
$12,000,000.00 U.S,. and no plane. So it's gonna kill them to spend a few thousand to check this claim out.A huge cover up somewhere.
I think that we have been looking in the right place," Angus Houston, the head of JACC, told Sky New Australia. "I'm confident the aircraft will be found. I think it will be found as well, just not where they are looking. And besides what is it going to hurt to check out this area?
I can hear Hillary saying "at this point, what difference does it make"....that monster.
damn! we can't find pieces of the plane! all we keep finding are random pieces of other planes and boats that are lost in the ocean! wait what?
We can send men to the Moon But we cant find The Plane , I smell cover up!
Somewhere, someone knows where this plane is and why it got there.
How about the chance that 370 was headed towards Diego Garcia and was "taken care of " by those in control of said D-G.
Get some fresh material dave. That IDIOT WAY OF THINKING HAS BEEN PROPOSED FOR 37 DAYS NOW !
I await your learned ideas! Just sayin as one idiot to another
" "taken care of " by those in control of said D-G" That would be the US Navy.
Im with David....OBJ you would think if it has been proposed for 37 days now that maybe somebody would look into it instead of trying to lead a search below the ocean when there is no debris on the water...now that sound like the "IDIOT WAY OF THINKING"....
All alot of baloney. Look at Diego Garcia mil. base...Faraday hangar...text msg with footprint of source.... $billions in patents.....Carlyle Group...Jacob Rothschild.....connect the dots.....Take care and be well and alert.
Remember, don't try this at home, "WE'RE HAT YOU CALL EXPERTS"..........and we're in charge..........
Global Airlines flight 33 was never found.
Well at least no one is blaming Obama! Jeeze
Why not check? What's to lose?
I guess I'm missing something.....There is radar data showing the plane turned back "in a westerly direction". What data substantiates that it ever turned south (towards the "search area") How do the investigators know that happened?
I think MH370 is stuck up Vladimir Putins #$%$
So we are not even going to look there, because we are having such great luck where we are searching now?
How can the JACC be "too busy" with ending the air search and inability to deploy the search drone to check out what could be a credible lead?...They haven't found anything themselves, so they're the narrow minded ones failing right now.
I'm very sorry for the passenger's relatives but No one has any idea of where that plane is !
Bet there will be a Chinese ship checking out this area.
Save your money, the aircraft is not there.
It was landed by one of the pilots. He de-pressurized the plane causing the passengers to die. It's now in the hands of an evil country or terrorists. What's the other option? Neither Russia, China nor the US knows where it went? BS!
The US know where it went, and it wasn't going to China.
You two have any proof? Any at all?
More than they have of it being lost at sea. Seeing as how the sea has been searched and the land has not it holds a higher probability that my theory is right.
If they find the plane then Iran's Nuclear weapons development will be back in the headlines, then what ?
So they're willing to call off the search and send all the ships & planes home, then pay a company 60 million to conduct an 8 month long sonar search......but they won't take the time to check the Bay of Bengal information? For one thing, the Bay of Bengal is not as deep so standard sonar ships can get good readings and they can send divers down as well. It's just me, but I say it's worth a look.
Sounds like to me someone doesn't want it found
The United States has that plane on its air base in India, this is all smoke and mirrors for Obama
We don't have an air base in India, goofball.
@USN Vet - That's right. We "don't have an air base in India" at all. Please, spread the word. The US Government appreciates and values your trust. Obama Broke, however, we are going to be looking into how you obtained information on our secret non-existent air base in India.
Well, if GeoResonance is correct, a lot of people are going to have egg on their collective faces...on the flip side of the coin, this company could also be way off base..... In other words, business as usual....until they find something for sure and bring it up, or parts of it, we'll never know.....
Why not show proof of wreckage before the next sighting...................
This plane will never be found ........... to many things not being reported on in a timely manner
Or its in Pakistan hidden inside of a hangar.
Tired of getting your chain jerked yet? The plane flew for [more] then 7 Hours Folks.----[Nothing ] escapes a [spy satellite] the plane is ON Land.
Yea especially when eye witnesses seen it heading towards a military base of all places. but they just flat out denied it would be in that area so they weren't even going to bother looking there. But instead they focus their attention to places where it was physically impossible for it to have reached. If you want to find out what happened to something you check out EVERY possible lead. If people wanted us to know where its at then they would have told us by now.
I wish they would stop telling the world they have something, just tell everyone when they have physical evidence in there hand and there 100% for sure,theyre making things worse for victims familys
this sounds like a huge cover up, and why do we never hear of the two people with the stolen passports ?
They're never going to find that plane
Somebody should check the area....considering how bazaar this whole thing is...it could be possible.
How flipping many planes went down in that area??? What is it,... the Senegalese Triangle??
They can't find flight MH370, but they are not willing to look outside the search area. A Boeing 777 is a long range aircraft, so to the know it all's, why not search outside the box and maybe you will find something other than water.
So where is all the junk that should come from an airplane breaking up? seats, luggage, papers, How can you be in the right place when none of these things have been found?
How stupid. Just admit your paid staff and "sophisticated" technology is #$%$, or you simply don't want to find the plane. You have found NOTHING so to dismiss a decent tip to where it could be is stupid. Who cares if you "think" you've been in the right area, obviously you are just wasting resources......
We can put men on the moon ... You know where I was going.
The aircraft WILL be found. The question is WHEN.
You may be dreaming. I think there is more to this disappearance than meets the eye of reality and it probably involves Russia, Iran, USA and the Nato powers, then add in China! None of them really want this plane found. In my illiterate view.
Sailor, shipmate, so, where is the plane? In Afghanistan? In Pakistan? In Whathenameistan? Now, seriously, this plane is going to be found during an expedition not related to this search, it will just show up in front of some divers or remote controlled subs.
No stone should be left unturned. Are they expecting to find other wreckage we have not been told about? It is worth a look!
how about shutting your pie hole until it's confirmed as wreckage? why you jerking the public over and over?. again and again.
They might want to check Iran or Pakistan.........
If it were to plunge into the water, there would be a severe breakup of the plane, thus debris.....No Debris means NO PLANE in in that area....they need to check out where it probably LANDED and Where the Prisoners are being held.......
depends if the plane came down vertical
if it came down in a storm waves would have covered all debris and everything would have sunk
Insulating foam floats and such a big aircraft is built using plenty of it.
What do the pictures of the C-130 and the naval vessel in a calm bay have to do with the story? NOTHING....
the dam thing is on land covered up waiting to be used
If Tattoo was still alive he would find the plane!
I think that someone isn't telling the truth. This is very fishy. I hope they can live with their conscience.
the next bomb where is it going to hit
what? NOOOOO say it aint so.
Yeah right, they just keep sending kids to do the men jobs...These are the big problems of the Big Heads so called themself Authorities from across the global. Always pre-authorized to waste taxpayer dollars first, then find excuses to spend more and more. Becuz, it is NOT their MONEY. Why didn't they just hire the Discovery Team; the ones whose found missing treasures in deep Sea for hundred of years. Here is the BIG question for them,do they really wanted to find this missing airplane or just (&&^%$#@%????? because they already spent Billions of Dollars and getting NO WHERE. I beleaved the Deep Sea Discovery Team could find the missing plane for 1/2 the money and time.
you're too stupid to be online unsupervised.
Where is all of this money coming from for the search?
Majority of the passengers were Chinese.
Yes, by all means ignore a finding because it isn't in the search area that is turning up nothing.
I agree....I just think if the plane had crashed SURELY they would have found AT LEAST ONE PIECE of the plane. All the ships, planes , radar etc. come on now.
one has to wondel if they are really trying to find this plane with all of the technology in the world seems like they could have found it by now to at least give the familys some peace
Peace is a relative term. At least some closure.
They don't want to find that plane and to disreguard this finding proves it,
Oh.....well then.......if the authorities says they think that it's not the right plane,then It MUST not be the right plane.I am sure it's some OTHER jumbo jet airliner that has no significance to this case.
I just checked my backyard again. Nope not there. You can now officially the that off the list.
It needs to be checked out, because they are having no luck looking where there looking now.
a lot of monkey business going some were
I can't help but wonder how long they will keep up this charade. The plane didn't crash and has landed somewhere, for what reason? I have no idea.
It is not in the water
At this point, they have chased all kinds of false leads......what do they have to lose........check it out! Sounds more realistic than any of the other leads or lies that they've checked.
Alert! The plane is not in the ocean!
How the hell can authorities who have zero evidence of where this plane is, dismiss ANY debris found within a certain radius? This mystery is getting more and more suspicious.......
supposition---speculation---maybe there--maybe not. how long is the cover-up going to be? theroies but no results. something is wrong with this. grandstanding personified...
We have ships bobbing around in the ocean,for months , and because some jack a???ss thinks he's right no-one will check out this lead.. How Pathetic..
Why do we keep getting an update of nothing.
So... They found the wrong wreckage? Wonder what other poor soul(s) crashed and were never found.
Why don't they just check it out .
Seems like there is a concerted effort to make sure this plane is not found. Every time a new lead appears, skeptics rush to discredit the lead. It is ver difficult to explain their negativity.
Obama's original birth certificate was on the plane never to be found!!
JACC to the world....."we are not open to other views". Who knows what role the object in the Bay of Bengal played in the disappearance of MH370??
More reruns than a cable tv network.
They should start looking in places that it couldn't possibly be
..they already checked the moon. Where do you want to start next, the north pole, and work south.
"Bay of Bengal find isn't MH370" Law of Physics state ..... "Thou Shall Nevereth Findeth What The Gov. Doseth Want You To Findeth"
This is CRAZY someone is hiding something here? Kind of like Benghazi just saying
What about the witnesses in theMaldives who say they saw a plane of that size go by......multiple sightings all discounted.Maldives not far from Diego Garcia....
HEY!! I too spotted wreckage! Oh never mind. That was a trailer park on the south side.
I thought that drug addict Lesbian Courtney Love found it on Google Maps
I still think it's sitting in china or a partner of theirs, being fitted with WHAT? That's the question!
There wouldn't be much of a reason for China to steal an airplane. They can afford to buy one.
"I think that we have been looking in the right place," Angus Houston, the head of JACC, told Sky New Australia. "I'm confident the aircraft will be found." Shameful, Cover-up possibly...... at least it looks like one. Maybe Georesonance should scan the search area that is deemed the right place and see what the data shows ...... i bet nothing ..... and JACC will look more like JACKACC ...... Look at other possibilities JACKACC. geeeeeesh
Didn't CNN say it went into a black hole........they also said Obama was born in Hawaii..
used sustenance of a male bovine
Looking in the RIGHT place, and they haven't found a THING.. isn't it a good idea to just check this Bengal Bay out?
DAMN! I was so sure this time!
Ahh No... Couldn't be pieces from flight 370.... We already spent Millions searching Here....
If Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370,fly's under the Malaysian flag ....Then why is the Australian Government footing the bill for this search and rescue ?
Very true Javaid, singapore has the most powerful radar due to island defend, so why spore keep shut up and say nothing, very wrong, something is wrong here !
no stone should go untouched - search until found.
Silly goyim, the aliens did it.
Out of search area my butt..no one knows exactley where the aircraft went down..if there is evidence of aircraft litter in another area then by all means check it out...who knows what it might reveal...check it out ...
Has anybody checked Pakistan's E-bay or Craig's list lately???
They've had such great success, why bother checking out any other leads?
I swear all the govt involved in the searh are all phaking morons...what is wrong with taking a look at a lead...seriously why do we have idiots in all the high places
I'm totally with you Don! They need to consider all possiblilities at this point and swallow some of that arrogant pride!!
Even if you find it....SO WHAT
STOP WASTING OUR TAXPAYERS MONEY YOU IDIOTS
And the WASTE of our money continues
Of course it's not...your planning to use that plane in your NEXT false flag attack.
This whole search effort is a cover up!
A bird in hand is worth 2 in a bush. GO CHECK OUT THE OTHER PLANE! At least they found SOMETHING!
Yahoo take that blinking Microsoft annoying ad plzzzzz
Baptize Brennan, Pardo and Sawers by waterboarding if you want to know the truth about MH370.
#$%$ someone should at less look there for it. Unless there real know where it is?
These Australians are a strange people to say the least!!
ive said this from the beginning, how do they have any idea where the plane may of landed, transponder off, now way to track it...it was just wishful thinking ...sometimes these mysteries just never get solved
Oh no. My dergum gosh (spits tobacco chew, ricochets off random appearing sign). Those dergum aliens comed and den abducted this heres aeroplane full of people!  The coming headlines a top BBC reporter, from Wales.
Im starting to think maybe a space ship with tractor beam really did take the thing.....anal probs for zone 1 now.
everyone assumes it flew until it ran out of fuel. what if it went down before? where would it be?
The Aliens got them... Ever hear of USOs?
Could it be a downed WWII craft?
its aliens !!!! thats all there is to it
If their so sure they know where that plane went down then why can't they find it sounds to me like a Catch 22
I don't think those in control want MH370 to be found!
What does this have to do with the Benghazi White House cover-up? "What does it matter? They are all dead." Hillary the Heartless--2016
I think that Rod Sterling and the Twilight Zone might have a hand in this. Or the plane went down in a very big sea..It's not like it has never happened in the past. Perhaps it is time to face the evidence and put this search in Unsolved folder for the time being. Let's move on to bigger issues...Like the Clippers and the NBA...LOL
the idiot muslim malaysians lied all along, they tried to make the sotry fade away. but it was a muslim that slaughtered all those buddhist chinese. islam is a cult of lies. ignorance and evi,.
A jet liner the size of a football field with hundreds of floating objects such as life jackets and floating seat cushions; and yet NOT a single pieces was found! Something fishy here!!!
I'm in total shocked and disbelief....Really? its not the MH370? Wow! Iam sure everybody else feels the same.....Ha! Enter Sarcasm HERE :o)
It looks like a duck, walks like a duck, quacks like a duck.....you may disagree but "It's probably a duck".
company just said it to get name in news...
I told you before, and I will tell you again. The pilot flew the plane out to the middle of the Indian Ocean, and set it down gently. It sank all in one piece.
Wake me when they find a floating seat cushion.
Nope, It's bigger than the Indian Ocean!
By now, it could have moved anywhere. Currents are very extreme and fast. I would take a look.
P.S. google maps has a 'funny' spot off the coast of Australia.... ?
Are you referring to those patches of higher resolution aerial photos?
it's in indonesia on the ground being refitted for a mission.
who cares this is old news! move on world!
If I had a dollar for everyone thinking or hoping they found flight MH370 I would be able to go an help in the search.
What's going to happen is somebody else later will say we should look here and wow here it is
I still say aliens abducted them...someone prove me wrong!
The Plane will Never Be Found and everyone should just stop looking for it. If there were a chance that someone was still alive, that would be one thing but it isn't the case at all. How this happened no one knows or will ever know but it's over. For those of you who believe in UFO's....
Well ok, "we have news, we found it" "we found it, we found it we found it!" "oh this isn't it..." Repeat in a couple days.
Well if they dispute it they ought to know....they are the ones that shot it down.
Just send some people to check it out.
God forbid that we give anyone else any credit for knowing anything. They may just be correct and make us look like the sorry bunch of jackasses we are for having looked in the wrong area for 2 months. What out and out sheer arrogance!!!!!
Just check it.. put your pride aside... Anything is possible. Seems like this company has a real advance technology instead of pure calculation...
GO NOSE ROUND THE HANGERS ON DIAGO GARCIA,,,,,,,, THEN COME BACK WITH UR FINAL REPORTS ...................................... TILL THEN, FORGET IT .....................
These people are idiots, the plane is NOT in the water......it's in a hangar somewhere , it's obviously going to be used as a missle packed with explosives, duh? think about it............
It's full of IED's and ready to be used somewhere as a coward attack on someone else!! Problem is, if they"Pakistan, Taliban,etc", try and use it against the US, I am quite sure it will never make it near our shorelines before being shot down!! lol
Since They aren't going to check it out and the Malasian Govt. is involed it's almost a sure bet this is where it is.
Australia is so positive with their findings where the plane is, if it loses the sense, it may plant a 777 on the ocean bed and say it is MH370.
Now it will just turn into another private contractor fiasco
Would it frikken hurt to look there? Someone go look!
These searchers could not find a light if they had the space station helping them.
MH 365 was abducted by Martians.
I work for one of the commercial companies being hired. They should have employed us earlier, we could have searched much quicker with more sophisticated equipment....
WHY ARE WE ARGUING THIS???? JUST GO FACHING LOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! why are most humans just total twits?
that is the plane lol and someone will prove it someday!
The latest report: uhhhhh, we don't know. DOH!
Gotta love bureaucracies.... We can't find it even though we have all the data available and satellites, so what you found a thousand miles away is not the plane...... even though we can't find it here.
The plane never wrecked. It landed somewhere and has bee kept in hiding. It will reappear someday, flying again with a mission.
No #$%$ it isn't there. It clearly got abducted by aliens.
NEWS FLASH!!!!! The missing aircraft is still at Diego Garcia being prepared for the next Obama supported false-flag attack on the United States..
This plane will never be found until it flies into a building somewhere!
"The company and its directors are surprised by the lack of response from the various authorities," GeoResonance said." It's not really surprising, if the plane was taken down over the Bay of Bengal.
Such a shame that this is not scaring people and getting continued attention! So lose this in the next news cycle and forget that this could happen to you or your loved ones, because.....wait for it.... The NBA has an 80 year old racist owner. LOL. Big news.
We wont find MH370 it will find us
IDIOTS, IDIOTS, IDIOTS.....NOT IN THE WATER. ....9/11/14...You will see it AGAIN.
Can you say Cover Up !
this would make a good TV series. you could call it "Lost"
Ok if what the survey Co. found isn't MH370 #$%$ is it? These elements don't all appear in the same place for no reason especially if they wern't there before so isn't anyone wondering what they did find? this is stupid. Search that area! It's alot less work then what there doing now. Maybe they don't want to expose what the geo Co. did find.
Now I Think Some Stealth Jet Shot It Down.
Then where's the wreckage and debris?
I'm Sorry It Was A Shot In The Dark. An Uneducated Guess. Never Even Followed The Entire Story. Like The Important Info On The Radar. And Last Position And All That.
Well, I can't say I'm shocked that this new lead has turned out to be nothing.
I FOUND A COKE CAN. I think it's from the plane
What could it hurt to take a look? aint finding #$%$ elsewhere...
what hurt would it do if we looked?
At this point, All I want to hear is they found the parts or the wreak itself. No more "may have, could be or we thinks". Too many cries of wolf.
No rush to find it....the longer we search the more we get paid.
think either they are looking in the wrong place, or we will never find it
Australians totally disapointed me! Americans or British or Chinesse or Japanesse or French will already find the plane.
someone is making money off searching for the "lost" plane. If they stop searching in the wrong place, the JACC loses funding. Better keep looking
it crashed in Hoboken...they need to check Hoboken, NJ :)
that's ameila earhardt plane..good going GEO-Caching people...sign the paper and carry on to your next find
TOLD YA THEY WOULD NEVER FIND IT! :)
Is it the end of time already?
Enough already about this airliner....Pakistan probably already has it converted to a big luxury hotel now.
Hmmm Jack.. I am trying to see some sarcasm here, but really not sure if you're trying to be or not...Anyways...either way you're correct. "We Lead The Way" from the front, isn't that the way you lead the way? lol
Sure. Angus Jones is confident. That is good enough for me. Not. He thinks the plane is down under. Maybe someone should just check out this other lead?
This story is over...CNN now has a good old fashioned White guy hanging to move onto!
I truly hope and pray this plane is found on the ocean floor. I still believe it is on dry land in a hanger. If it is on dry land then there is a big problem ahead.
GEO SAID IT WAS NEVER THERE BEFORE AND ALL OF A SUDDEN ITS THERE! its the MH370! FIND IT DAMN IT INSTEAD OF POINTING FINGERS!
I myself think that some high ranking Government Official really knows what happened to the plane and is not sating to save face!!!!
Why are they wasting so much time and money besides the risk of human life searching for something that might never be found?
I think it crashed into the Himalayan mountains !
Find out where they dumped Bin Laden's bullet riddled (M)*o*o-Slime corpse,....and then look to the left.
start looking under camo covers morons!
I hope the JACC is wrong.
I fell for it for about 5 minutes.....went to the geo-res website to see who they are....still don't know who or what they do. Voiceinacrowd, a few post below this one captured my perception exactly.....they use voodo heebee Jeebey technology. What assets do they have/use? aircraft? Sattellites? Who's? I think an element of this is to drive traffic to them. Or perhaps Geo can simply post their report and analysis for all to see.
So, earlier today this big "announcement" that MAYBE the wreckage is found; several hours later, THIS disclaimer... hey YAHOO and all the other "news" agencies, here's a thought: verify your info BEFORE posting to the world.... BTW, I may have found pieces of this missing plane in my backyard, washed up from the nearby lake..... good grief......if only this money and effort was invested in something useful such as feeding the hungry or sheltering the homeless, or wrapping Putin in duct tape......
I'd be shocked out of my gourd if the powers that be don't know where the plane is and when it will turn up.
Well, they haven't found one darn bit of it yet so what the hell...Go check it out!!
That's ok, keep billing us for the search ?
try looking north of malyasia since the plane was headed that way, just an idea.
could it hurt to look , they don't seem to be having much luck where their at now
We reject your evidence because it does not fit in to our story of what happened...... No one should be surprised in a post 9/11 world story leads evidence, evidence is only evidence if it fits story.
Just forget about it the plane is gone the people are dead. It is sad, but move on.
No MH370 in my toilet when I flushed this morning.
They should definitely check it out and make sure it's not MH370! As for people saying it's free advertising for Georesonance - well, maybe, but who are they advertising to? Most all of us are NOT their target market! Wouldn't their target market (very small group!!) already be aware of this company since there can't be that many to choose from? It's not like it's a clothing store or grocery store where there are lots of choices and lots of people who need/want to shop there. Maybe I'm wrong and lots of people do have a need for geophysical surveys. LOL!
They have no idea of where this damn plane is...
I think they have somewhat of an idea, southern IO but it's a big place and its been a long time now.....
It was southwest of Perth....they were sure of that....but now its in the Bay of Bengal...NOWHERE NEAR Australia? They have absolutely no idea where this thing is, it will never be found. It's been almost 2 months. Maybe a seat cushion will wash up somewhere in a year or two....maybe not even that.
They know where it is at but they don't want anyone finding it. That is why the US Government is so involved with the search. The US government isn't going to let anyone find it.
This lead can ONLY BE AS WRONG as the Searchers have been for the last 5 WEEKS
go take a look at that location ...don't rule out anything
Would not hurt to have some team ck out this claim everything else failed ...
Ok so what jet crashed in the Bay Of Bengal recently??
Don't believe the planes in the ocean ,unfortunately don't believe the people are still alive either
The really sad part of this is.. 100% of the Americans who read this article think the Bay of Bengal is some exotic tiger cage at some far away zoo.. That's pathetic!!
Sorry Folks, just more Third World Countries Garbage they're dumping on World Ocean. Soon, we will be looking at the biggest Landfill of in the World, not an Ocean.
Well, GeoResonance got it's 15 minutes of fame. Mission accomplished.
I still think it crashed on an island and that is why they can't find it in the water or any debris. Cushions are designed to float and they have not located one item from that airplane in their search area. no debris means they are still in the wrong area.
My husband says the aliens got it. Smile! I say someone knows where the plane is, and is not telling.
hubby is closer to being correct.
It took 50 years for the truth to come out as to why the Lusitania was sank so sit tight for the next 50 years
OMG the Lusitania sank.....god help us all !
Grumpy, it is not about it being sank it is about why it was sank and that was kept secret by the US for 50 years, there you go grumps you just learned something.
And you Mlll11 have not learned to take a joke yet !
The d*amn plane is NOT in the ocean. Send some of those f*ing drones over Pakistan, China or someplace with a large expanse of desert. Then I believe you'll find that airplane.
This is all a hoax! Give it up people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Because its just like all the other reports. THAT'S WHY John!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sigh...you're proof that you just cannot fix stupid, charles.
If they'd posted a reward, it would have been over a long time ago.
Hell who knows it might be in a hanger somewhere
They will never ever find it.
so their some other plane that crashed that we don't know about?
" but the possibility was dismissed by search coordinators." - Note these are the same search coordinators that don't know their #$%$ from a hole in the ground.
The ocean is going to be pretty cleaned up by the time they find this plane.
Somebody somewhere is laughing at all these 'searchers'
I hope GeoResonance is right just to stick it to the arrogant.
OMG!! This is a No Brainer!! Get your chips off your shoulder and take your #$%$ and YOUR gear up to the sight......get an underwater camera to visually LOOK at the site since it is not in deep water!!!
This entire thing is a TOTAL JOKE.
soo on the flip side, why not contract this company to run thier machine over the current search area to see what they see. if I read correctly, they seem to have the only real proven machine for the job
I am CONFIDENT no one knows where the #$%$ this plane is......
Wait a minute you mean to say that the wreckage of a plane found .And we are not looking at it . It's in the right area .Who owns the plane can we put a name on it. If their is a downed aircraft in the area of a flight path CHECK it out
Please go away story......... We all know no one survived. How is this still a story? Not being insensitive, but if I had family members aboard, I wouldn't want to be reminded of it every 30 seconds...... and the coverage is .... "We think we found something..... No that wasn't it...... we screwed up" over and over
No wreckage, no bodies, no luggage, no "floatation device" seats, no gas or oil spills, no radar, no gps, no eyewitness, no cell records, no transponder transmissions = no plane crash.
Could it have turned around,and crashed in the outback? Lots of open land.
what harm will it do to check it out
Time to get us out of this search, our money is better spent in our own country.
Now, if it were Ol Sully dumping that plane in the drink, he might have tried to belly up that plane as soft as possible...not that it was all that possible being as it wasn't Ol Sully dumping it in the drink and possibly it could have been a belly landing "HARD" but tail down and broken off but somewhat intact and in the bay of Bengal,...who knows?...it would still have been an unknown crash and would have gone down awefully fast....if so, shouldn't someone be lookin for it?.......and if it is 370 and it is there and nobody looks for it until it's too late, isn't somebody gonna get the dog #$%$ chewed out of their *ssend?
They need to start looking in the most obvious places.....Land!
It will never be found. It has been planned that way.
Give a good prize, lets say: 10 million, for reporting a location of the plane, grant the safety for of the reporting person and relatives. Plane will be found in a month!
You seem to think they are not trying hard enough already? Ridiculous. They have probably spent a combined $10 million already. This will take time as well as money.
This is a conspiracy. Ones must break it.down first.
It is one of two places either sank to the bottom in an ocean or is parked on a runway somewhere.
How is it that not even one piece of floating debris was ever found? To believe this plane crashed in the ocean..... any ocean, without coming apart at impact and leaving a floating debris field is ridiculous. This plane either crashed on land somewhere or landed. It may take a while but it will surface.... pardon the pun, but not from the ocean.
I really feel bad for the families that have to endure all this. And for the 239 lost souls on the plane. This has been one #$%$ up after another..
I think there is a cover up, but I don't know why !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Then you are stupid! Stop replacing things you don't know with absurd ideas
So the CLOWNS who have searched for ((5)) WEEKS and have found NOTHING, NADA and ZILCH say that it can't POSSIBLY BE the Missing Plane??????? Is the TAIL WAGGING THE DOG Here OR WHAT?????
If I was in charge of this investigation I would find out who is throwing the monkey wrench in not investigating the claim by the company who says they have found what may be the plane in The Bay OF BANGAL
When you find out who it is, try to avoid punching him out - You may end up with a broken hand and a broken mirror.
If only international cooperation could extend to things like making sure that everybody in the world had food to eat or was immunized. What happened to this flight was a tragedy but there is only so much that can be done to help dead people... time to focus resources on the living.
If the CIA are involved (they normally are? forget the truth EVER coming out. They were behind the Lockerbie bombing, and even told one of the british victims families in London to live with it, because there is a bigger picture.
Well My Thoughts are this: If no one else has turned up a DA%$ thing as of yet given all the time they have spent, Why not check it out ? What's it going to hurt? Maybe Embarrassing to too many Organizations if it's found completely away from the area first thought. LOL...
If the plane was shot down there , of course they do not want anyone messing up a good coverup.
I say give it a try; send the Bluefin there. But I see an image of an intact plane and I don't know how that could happen, unless they lowered 370 by cable. But that is pretty out there. I think the truth is that they are throwing money into the ocean for all the good these searches are doing.
This plane will never be found. On purpose.
HEY! HEY! I found the plane with a low tech device~ A dowsing stick (in the shape of a "Y")(must be made of cherry wood) Now I want my name mentioned Bill6654
The plane could be in the 10.000 ft. mountains of Indonesia. It was at 4000 ft. at one time!
that plane will never be found, they don't have the slightest idea where it went down and it was the pilot who decided to take his life with every one else, may he NOT rest in peace
It landed at Veer Savarkar airport in Port Blair on Andaman Island that night (owned by India), exactly where it was "officially" headed when radar contact was "allegedly" lost. It was hijacked with its own remote codes by US intelligence. Duh......
That plane is so lost it is now equal to Obammy's presidency...
shoulda looked at the northern route. it is probably retrofitted with bombs now and will be fueled to go somewhere to cause havoc.
Its not in the Bay of Bengal. because someone knows where it is. The search near Australia is planned deception.
If they cannot find MH370 with tracking gear that can detect a beer can in an abyss, then MH370 did not crash and is parked somewhere at a secret base.
You can only track a bear if you're already WATCHING IT!
Have they looked in Iran yet? I have the feeling that plane will be used in the future like the ones on 9/11. Sorry, just a weird feeling.
I have an idea, keep your mouth shut until you actually find it..
I'm afraid the next time this plane shows up we'll hear the infamous words,"no one would ever expect a commercial airliner could be stolen and used as a nuclear carrying weapon by terrorists".
It would be easy to find out if it is the plane or not. JUST GO LOOK!
T O T A L - W A S T E - O F - T I M E - A N D - M O N E Y
The only documented part of that planes flight that exists is the turnaround after takeoff. That was caught on radar. The entire rest of the flight is "considered" to have been low and below radar and the assumptions of where it may have gone down are based on its fuel capacity and range. Truth is, the damn thing not only had enough fuel to fly to where they think it went down, but also to any middle eastern nation or even China. If they were below radar and all tracking equipment was off, they don't know where the hell it is. The only reason they're looking in the location they are currently is due to the satellite photo of floating debris that could have been part of the aircraft. We still have no reports of the information gleaned from interviews with family members and friends. No one has stepped forward to take responsibility. No debris of any kind belonging to this aircraft has been found. I'm not certain the thing isn't sitting on the ground in an obscure or camaflaged location somewhere else within its range. Intact or in pieces is anyones guess. But, if you consider the possibilities of how this could happen with our level of technology, one could see a very high probability for this being a test of how to electronically hack a modern aircrafts systems and fly it like a video game from a console very similar to the pilots simulator he had at his home. It could've even been remotely uploaded to the aircraft prior to takeoff as a virus program. I know, it sounds like a conspiracy theory and it would have been just that a mere decade ago, but with what we have today it is far from that. Besides, what agenda would a terrorist or terrorist organization propogate by dumping a plane as far from civilization and the eyes of the public as they could possibly get? It makes no sense.
More of we are the Authority do not question us.
The search should be conducted by a technologically educated private outfit, not some country Muslim sewer rats living in the 7th century and should be entirely paid by China and Malaysia. The grandstanding of the Australian, US and other Western Governments with their Tax payer money is ridiculous.
MIGHT BE THEY DO NOT WANT TO FIND THIS PLANE JUST SAYING
so,....story 4697 is laid to rest
so waste a few bucks and check it out. what the hell. i still say its a cia coverup.
"This may be due to a lack of understanding of the company's technological capabilities, or the JACC is extremely busy, or the belief that the current search in the Southern Indian Ocean is the only plausible location of the wreckage." Or, it may be the authorities don't WANT people to look there. Circumstantials are starting to add up that MH370 may have been downed while on its way to a 9/11-type scenario, with governments not willing to fess up due to possible inter-national complications.
Well it could be the B-1 Lancer that went down during the gulf war
That B1 went down in the central part of the IO, not in the Bay of Bengal.
Won't look because that's probably where they put Bin Laden's body at.
Plane never left the ground.. it was a false flag event.. mark my words
I doubt they ever heard the beacon signal that they claim. There is something very fishy about the lost of this 777.
Ok 1 more time. Hanger Iran. Don't ask questions. Just go look.
Missing Airplane - Missing SARS Virus.... Everyone in America MUST get health insurance.... GCHQ and NSA monitoring every inch of the earth, they know whats up!!! #FalseFlag
plane was highjacked & turned towards middle east, the pilot the took the plane up & depressurized to knock out highjackers, something went wrong, highjackers took out pilots, unable to determin the route, they turned thinking heading middle east when really it was heading far out
I KNOW SOONER OR LATTER THEY WILL FIND THIS PLANE,BUT ONLY WITH HELP OF GOD.
which countries god is going to help? Maybe you should say a prayer tonight and ask your god to help.... I'm sure plenty of Malaysian families already asked their God for help, he must have been busy........ Thanks....
It's not in the ocean people............how many times must I tell you?............is there anybody out there that thinks it just may be on land?.............when you're through searching, please let Steven Speilberg know......he's waiting to start production.
Why don't anyone believe me?.. The plane was taken by the Mossad and/or CIA to be used as a FALSE FLAG TERROR OPERATION later on for the purpose of giving the U.S. and/or Israeli governments an excuse to carry out some planned invasions and/or wars...
Well why did u go hunting in Bay of Bengal - people should look down gulf of Thailand!
i think it is time to put up the white flag.
Try 13.5 degrees north, 97.5 degrees east; about 200 miles west of Bangkok. Intact before striking water at steep angle. All aboard lost.
2 things about Flight MH370 #1 it is missing #2 no one will find it. that is all
Maybe if they tried looking on the Military base of Diego Garcia they might find the 21 Chinese high tech workers who were working on a operating system that no one could hack! But Im sure Obama wouldn't do that,just like he would spy on all of us! AMERICA WAKE UP!!!!!
Your childish racist comment prove what a hypocritical ape you are.
Childish racist comment from an ignorant fool.
Oh...is this still going on? Totally off my radar (pun intended)
and that hole right under the end of your tailbone, what do you call that?
The ignorant love to ignore science and to thrive on the hocus pocus.
Nothing has been found. Not even bodies. Maybe it didn't crash and has landed somewhere. I know that terrorists would love to have a plane...
I think we are on the same page Pakistan is the best I know!
only stupid people spend money stupidly. use that money on people who are hungry, or children that need medical attention. money spend on dead people means the money is dead and wasted.
How do you know they are dead if there is zero evidence of the crash? Talk about "stupid" people.
They are dead. The evidence is in Fish poop.
you definitely know someone is hiding something on this whole issue. There are those who know more about it and it's not for public knowledge. We'll never find out.
This is just one company trying to promote its product. They know that this is not the plane everyone is looking for.
ok this is just getting dumb now.. if the plane went down the ppl are dead we are not going to reuse the plane ... so why waste 60 million looking for this chit... ppl are so stupid today.. MOVE ON!
how about you face reality....the plane was hijacked....flown to some assclownwards 3rd world country, the passengers killed, and in few months/years we'll find that same plane being used in some terrorist ploy.
Anyone seen a REWARD posted yet??
That's what they need to do.
Maybe Chang hijacked the plane to Shangri-La
how about you check the findings, then dismiss it once you actually know!
WHERE THE HELL IS THIS PLANE ?!?!?!?
The DOUC(h)B(A)GS AT CNN are hiding it for RATINGS !
I would say the U.S. and other countries are in on the disappearance of MH370, I say it is being repainted and going to be used in a terrorist attack somewhere in the world
The wreckage will never be found. And I fail to understand why this is a big deal. There have been thousands of ships and airplanes lost at sea. As long as everyone had a pillow in their face, had their seat belts on and their food trays up, they are fine.
The plane is in Pakistan. It was hijacked and will be used as a weapon at a later date. That's what I think.
Common, there has to be debris somewhere..
they should at least go look !
There was no plane. Come on. In this day and age we lost a Boeing 777? The plane never took off. Donald Trump could solve this whole damn thing in one week if he was in charge.
So now the answer...they are investigating covertly. The media isn't told. No one wants the public to know where they are really looking and why. Keep us all focussed on the ocean while they look to the North where the Malays sent their military jets a few hours after the plane went off radar. This has been discussed briefly on CNN and then never again. The rest of the time we are all forced to look to the ocean, so US citizens won't worry about another 9/11.
Tell me WHY they arrogantly refuse to investigate all leads. The plane is not in the ocean and there are have been a mess of red herrings that should be raising flags to tell these idiots that the plane did NOT fly where they have been LED to believe it did. First they say the pings could not have been anything BUT black box pings. Now they are saying the frequency was 'off'. Pings could have been from fishing nets. Stubborness and stupidity is causing a waste of time and resources when there is so much evidence that the plane could have gone North and been undetected by aged, faulty and improperly manned Malay technology. Terrorists say, 'Keep the idiots busy looking in the wrong place, while we plan the next move...'
I've posted it before and i'll say it again, Ever since there has been no debris found in the oceans its been obvious to me that the plane went the other way inland to INDIA, CHINA, RUSSIA OR AFGANISTAN, maybe crashed in a remote desert or mountains or hijacked. As the recorders were switched off, they were taken out, transported to the Indian Ocean and dumped. The plane was taken up high and oxygen had to be deployed, after 12 minutes all passengers were killed.
So, currently the 'authorities' are quite willing to spend 50 odd MILLION (more) on their continuing and apparently fruitless search but they flat out dismiss this new possibility for a search in the Bay of Bengal - couldn't even spare a few guys in an aircraft or a boat to go and take a look to see if anything was promising, which would have cost a few tens of thousands of bucks? This is getting to seem more and more like a cover up as the days progress. Does no one (apart,apparently, from Richard Quest from CNN) as the right questions and keep on asking when he gets evasive or non-answers? Do they (the authorities) think that we are all buying this evasion when we have been continually fed a diet of all of the technical superb capabilities of all the aircraft, ships, submarines and satellites that they have (which WE all paid for!) and then they turn round and say they can't find, well, anything? Bring someone in who has no agenda. Is there a Bob Ballard in the house?
Pop quiz part 1 ... Who has the best radar in the world? Pop quiz part 2 ... Who has a top secret base in the Indian ocean? Pop quiz part 3 ... Guess what pilots had this landing spot on their computors Pop quiz part 4 ... A big jet is in your radar not responding to your messenges what do you do? Answers 1. USA 2. USA 3. Yup both MH-370 pilots 4. I don't have the answer but I know 2 things would or should have happened. The jets were scambled to may contact or they would shoot down the enemy aircraft.
This is something very funny there and, I still wonder if one day the relatives of these poor individuals will be able to see them resting in peace or alived... What about all the technology available such as: satellites going around this world, fancy airplanes ready to bomb any indefense country using the most sofisticated telescopes, computers and latest equipment ready to search the bottom of the seas throughout the world, etc... The problem is that most of these people were or are ordinary people like you and I whom, have nothing to do with whatever terrorist cause which created this tragedy and then, why to bother any longer? Let it be and forget it. The longer this search is carried on the faster the whole thing will be forgotten. El Torero Paco
They are right when they say the technology does not exist to "see" the elements, 1,000 feet under the sea. The aliens, intergalactically called "The Morg" have snatched the plane in mid flight, absconded with the passengers and placed the plane in the Bay of Bengal. The other side (the good guys) called the "Airies" gave the technologies to this private Australian firm to find the plane under condition they not reveal where they got it from, hence them saying it's proprietary. Both sides must remain invisible because of the Prime Directive, the violation of which would trigger an intergalactic war, which neither of them want. There is much more of course but only this scenario fits all the facts.
ok so lets say they find it . ok say it is like 4 to 5 thousand meters down now how in gods name are they even going to retrieve any thing at all the titanic is 4000 meters down and they estimated the jet could be further down . that being said the pressure could in theory crush that plane to the size of a cessna 150 and for the people on board there would be nothing left of them at all . do people understand that a jet say went in nose down from say 35000 feet what is left of it nothing not a dam thing . the only thing the families can do is try to come to grasp that their loved ones are gone and remember them for the way they were
they are gone deal with that and move on please everytime yahoo re-runs this story they shelve a story thats vital for example top ten ways to know if he still loves me newest diets trending now chocolate is it really a great antioxident? I think its unfair that these people are leading yahoo around on a leash like they are sure they are easily distracted but thats no reason to play mind games with them they serve us with far better topics than most of you know so stop the airplane crashes ok?
There were no pings coming from the floor of the Southern Indian Ocean, it was a hoax, a smokescreen and a delaying tactic to give more time for the matter to recede into distant memory. Demand from the Americans what precisely they know about the location of the aircraft. What goes on at Diego Garcia is a secretive as what goes on at Area 51. Since UK owns Diego Garcia and it's only leased to the US military I would have thought that, as landlords, we have a right to know.
I have said this all along but nobody since there is an airstrip DG sounds fishy
IF persons unknown knew where the blind spot in civil radar coverage on path to Vietnam was and at that spot turned off all the jets communication, took the jet off autopilot, then turned and flew the jet west for a couple hundred miles, then turned and flew the jet NORTH_WEST where there are dozens of airfields on islands and land( or any stretch of straight highway) where they could land the jet.... ...THEN why would they then turn the jet 180 degrees and fly out over the ocean until the jet run out of fuel and crashed.?.?? Several of the passengers on the flight are involved in a patent of new high tech military spy software, which won't be developed in their Chinese plant now. Has anyone checked Diego Garcia yet???
glennie - Where there are highways and airstrips there are people. If they landed it safely anywhere within fuel range it would be found. Flying to one of the most inaccessible places on the planet, landing on the ocean, opening it up and letting it sink would be the best way to reduce the possibility of it ever being found. Plan seems to be working.
This company has a record, and is making a viable claim. It surely has pinpointed the site where it collected its data. It would be a relatively simple task to prove or disprove. The satellite data is not as accurate as this new information which has been set aside since the early days of the search. What if it does prove to be MH370 ?
Almost everyone must have had a cell phone...can they not be traced? Approach the Long Island Medium Theresa Caputi....if she is for real, now's her time to prove it!! Ask her to talk to one of the families and see if anyone of their loved ones that were on that plane steps forward to see where they are (if they are deceased). It's a shot in the dark, but a lot cheaper to what they are doing and finding.
Give it up yahoo the only solution to where this aircraft is to ask malayasian air.they quite obvious know as they sent half the world on a wild goose chase until the bleeps stopped and the story fades in the media.tick tock job done malayasian air your lies and stalling tactics have worked and its back to business with the share price getting back to normal.but what about the families who wait,how can you treat them like this you face saving cowards!
JACC should be fired from this operation. They don't have a clue where to look for this jet. According to Maylasion experts the jet went west then east then south and who knows ware. Every tip should be followed up because if they couldn't find it in 45 days then they must not be looking in the right place.
A private company detected indications that there were metal objects in Bay of Bengal and thought it could be from 370. It could be parts of one of the many planes that went down in WW2 or some other time. May be worth a look but no reason to suspect it is 370.
They say it was not there before March 5. I read that 2 ships from Bangladesh are going to go there, with necessary equipment.
I find it interesting that this plane disappeared approx 1 week after Turkish leaders let it be known that they planned a fake terrorist attack against their territory so that they could justify an invasion of Syria. The story got covered up very quickly and has not been mentioned since. Now a good lead in the search for the plane turns up and the authorities turn up their nose on it.
it is erroneous that they not even investigate. Spent 1st 3 days looking in completely different ocean, followed by 6 weeks here and we still at 0.
Well, thats a surprise!! Keep doing what you've always done, and you'll keep getting what you've always got. Doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results - definition of insanity. There's nothing more stupid than people. All 3 anecdotes apply to the people doing the 'official' search.
Wouldn't it be great if the international community put only a fraction of all this time, effort and money to also try and locate the Nigerian girls that were recently kidnapped and sold into marriage and sexual slavery? I'll keep hoping and dreaming...
I was thinking the same thing. I guess that dead Chinese are worth a lot more than black live girls from an African country. I think we all know that the airplane passengers are dead and the wreckage of the plane may never be found. Unfortunately, the Malaysian government has lied in the past and is probably hiding something, for eg. what was really in the cargo hold. The other Asian countries that the plane may have flown over will never admit if they saw it on the radar because they are paranoid about security. And then there is the Chinese government that has whipped the families into a frenzy and emotional turmoil just to show that they "care". They don't give a rat's behind about their citizens but want to look like they are doing something. How much more money will be spend on this fruitless search?
I'm starting to wonder if the authorities involved, really want to find Flight MH370. As soon as any wreckage is found, it's dismissed, Military installations (Radar) have tracked it and done nothing, raising the hopes of the families, only to dash them.
What is amazing, Search authorities seem to 'dismiss' this probability outright. True it may no be MH370, but since the Search was totally unsuccessful why not engage countries adjacent to this site to take a few boats and plans to inspect the possibility??
The possibility of Alien abduction is becoming more and more likely.
Oh dear. Too many cooks again.Someone sees something like wreckage from a plane 3,000 miles away and automatically assumes it must be 370, causing the attention of those in the area where they heard the 'pings' to be distracted from what they were doing, causing more of a delay.
Wow, that's amazing, they can scan for any substance from a satellite. I think another name for this is Bovine Scatology, they should scan their own facilities for big steaming piles.
I'm beginning to think it went into some countries airspace and was shot down, and all that has happened afterwards is just a big cover up, after all you cant have a passenger plane shot down by fighter jets just because you are off course, who would fly then
N.Korea did it,so did the United States,also China,happens all of the time.
Richard, I think you're right. With the Indian elections in play, there was an enormous motive for this event to occur.
The wreckage is in the Indian Ocean, after probably being shot down.
So how come none of the wreckage has been found then? Seems odd that nothing has washed up some place, or has been spotted by a ship?
Not so very odd. Even the Bay of Bengal is a fairly large area.
If its not so odd, maybe you can cite a similar example occurring in the past?
Sure thing, little friend. Check out the missing 727 from Luanda in 2003. Ben Padilla. It's the only other aircraft to go missing.......without a trace. No wreckage was found.
To be perfectly clear, it's the only other LARGE aircraft (Boeing) to go missing in the past 10 years.
Philip, except that the missing 727 from Luanda, Angola didn't suddenly vanish in the middle of a scheduled flight with a planeload full of passengers, it was stolen from the airport where it was being stored, and people actually witnessed it in the process of being stolen. There is no indication that the stolen 727 crashed into the ocean, as many claim MH370 did, and there is no indication that the missing 727 crashed anywhere. When has a modern airliner crashed into the ocean without leaving a debris field, or a single shred of evidence behind? Never happened! The Bay of Bengal has been discredited, and eventually they will have to start looking in Asia.
Okay...Your question, yet again: "If its not so odd, maybe you can cite a similar example occurring in the past?" I answered it. You don't like the answer. Good. Do YOU know where the 727 is? I didn't think so. Go back to the Philippines, sonny.
"The Bay of Bengal has been discredited, and eventually they will have to start looking in Asia." Has it?
MH370 vanished during a scheduled flight, while the missing 727 was stolen off the tarmac at Quatro de Fevereiro Airport, Luanda, in broad daylight. Not matter how much you insist the two instances are the same, they clearly are not. Has the Bay of Bengal theroy been discredit? Read below news story. Wednesday, April 30, 2014, Reuters: Searchers dismiss possibility wreckage in Bay of Bengal is from MH370 Let me know when wreckage has been pulled from either the Bay of Bengal, or the Indian Ocean.
So...who are "searchers"? Did anyone search the spot? I guess you don't know the answer. You asked whether any other airplanes have disappeared before. I answered it. Yes, they have, and gave you a specific example. Are you four years old?
They're being awfully dismissive of the possibility they're looking at the wrong place considering they still haven't found jack-squat yet. It really wouldn't hurt to just take a look now would it?? Or are they afraid they'll look bad if this random company turns out to be right and they've been on a wild goose chase for the past 2 months??
mark my words never meant to be found just string you along till you get bored of story and get back to american idol or whatever takes your mind away from who controls your little world flyers are out go buy some grass seed cause buddys lawn next door looks better than yours
One simple question - if you were a hijacker would you ask for a hijacked plane to be flown towards Antarctica or some Muslim country? Ignoring the possibility of the Bay of Bengal seems absolutely crazy.
""To see such significant depth of international cooperation coming together for one mission is unprecedented and highly encouraging for the security and stability of the region," Vice Admiral Robert Thomas, the commander of the U.S. Seventh Fleet said" . . . . I will contradict that: To be able to understand that such piece of equipment like this modern plane, and all the tech now that the world is capable of - this plane is still missing!!!
It been clearly proven this plane actually landed at a Secret US Military base called Diego Garcia. One man said this only days after the plane went missing and then this phone message comes in with the GPS Location from an Iphone which is impossible to fake.... so you think about that.
I find it interesting that this plane disappeared approx 1 week after Turkish leaders let it be known that they planned a fake terrorist attack against their territory so that they could justify an invasion of Syria. The story got covered up very quickly and has not been mentioned since. Now a good lead in the search for the plane turns up and the authorities turn up their nose on it.
the reason they can,t find the aircraft is that they are looking in the wrong place . try looking for a covered object or large hanger in the desert where this plane has been squirreled away for use later in a nefarious plan involving the world cup.
Normally stubbornness and selfishness lead to failure.
Perhaps it's the wreckage of Amelia Earhart. But more likely some ww2 downed aircraft.
I have no idea why they don't review all possibilities. What makes them confident that the plane crashes into the Indian Ocean? Just those mathematical calculation/estimation??? What a joke!
Inmarsat calculations were 2000 to 2500 klms off target any way. The JACC maps looks like my grandmothers patched quilt covers of yesteryears. Lets try here, lets try there, hits & misses every where.
Something is very fishy about this whole incident..
The whole ocean tends to be fishy.
I am sure we are not being told the truth by the Malaysians and Chinese.
@latebloomer. Then you haven't been told the truth by the other 27 countries involved in the collaborative search. This isn't about the Malaysians and the Chinese.
wow isn't it just miraculous with 60 countries all coming together to help with this serch o m g , just pray for the familys and the serchers safety and to find this mystery plane
They should send some pikeys to look for it. They're good at finding scrap metal.
I suspect they have as much chance of 'finding' that plane as we have of being allowed an In/Out referendum on our EU membership.
they don,t want to find the plane ,like every thing else it has become a big money maker for the chosen few
There is something sinister about this disappearance' someone is withholding information' for whatever reason???????????
it didn't crash!!!! its in a hanger somewhere, with all the peeps executed.
i would just give up and spend the 60M on making sure all planes are tracked properly from now on
Oh....what a surprise ;) I never would have guessed that they would find nothing.....again. LOL.
I thought the plane flew for 5hrs? or 7hrs?
It's obviously at Diego Garcia or a "friendly" military "helped it land"..... in pieces.....
Hopefully,penny pinching,Oklahoma County uses sterilized needles.
Somebody somewhere does not want it found ! Whoever or whatever was on it ! Very strange that it seems to be burried in such a remote place !
Another ping turns into a pong. Who is paying these boyo's ,for the countless joy rides they've been having ?.
The 'experts' all 'think'.....They all 'think' THEY are right and dismiss any other suggestions as to the (equally) possible whereabouts of the aircraft as being 'implausible'.........
we will know where it is come the anniversary of bin laden's death
why are the Malaysian government ever told anything up front. of course they will deny any find. it is in their best interest for nothing to be ever found. I would never let them know about or near anything until "proper" authorities have determined what it really is.................
Why don't they just come out and say it...''We don't know where the Hell it is'' by doing so it'll be found when no one is looking for it.
The worst thing now is to have a square head running the operation and not being open to all the possibilities...........
The Bermuda triangle is way bigger than anyone knew
almost 60 days....I still believe they are searching the wrong site...go back to square one.. last known location contact...straight line westwards...exactly... good , or bad intentions- the purpose of a straight line flight is to lessen the panic from within the a/c, and outside.. only a submarine/deep sea submersible can the job now....do it quick, before sea silt , mud covers it up .
Dead people don't panic. I assume he would be smart enough to depressurize the cabin for a few minutes to kill all on board except anybody he chose to keep alive in the cockpit. before changing course. They are searching on a straight line from last contact in the direction the last few signals came from. and estimating flight time of fuel.
Why are they showing a picture of a C17 for a story about a 777?
So get a long fishing line, a Go-Pro with a flashlight tied to it, and drop it into the Bay of Bengal site, how much can that cost to find out just what it is down there...??
ok so what did you find ehh
You gotta wonder what they are HIDING....... There is NO way, they could not have found this plane.. if they had wanted to
am i the only one notice oblamers silence on flight 370?????another lie orcastraithed by oblamer and the libs so we forget about aborted fesuses weeping in crymea and BENGAZI.
well, better Palin than this clown, she'e funny at least, this one is just stupid...
...he did it 2 take away r gunz!!!
"am i the only one notice president cruz another lie orcastraithed by oblamer and the libs so we forget about oblamer totally mucking up the USA?
Just search the fxking place.... stop the delay.. please
maybe they should turn the information over to a somewhat reputable country, not Malaysia and not China.....hmmm say the US or a European country.
US or European country, sorry, no "reputable " there.
Have they tried the Psychic Hotline??
Do they actually want to confirm the findings first before taking about compensation, insurance and such....?! just wondering...
and everyoone is on pins and needles about a plane, no, not really, i assure you it is more likeley about the trouble the usa wants to start with china.
This whole thing leads me to believe that all the Countries involved, definitley do not have as good of a hand on air traffic control as they would want you to believe. Howeveer, ther is light at the end of the tunnel-- they all know where their military equipment is and where it goes., and everyonee elses too!
According to a foreign news paper a few weeks ago a engine fire bottle(used to extinguish inflight engine fires) from a large jet engine washed up on one of the Maldives Islands near the Bay of Bengal. Now this company claims that an airplane is on the bottom of the bay of Bengal. Very suspicious finding I would say. I watch a lot of plane disaster documentaries and nothing has ever been close to this. If this is the plane then it would mean twice searchers were mislead by major governments on the location of the plane. First, you had the Malaysian Govt directing everyone to the south china sea searching for days, knowing that the plane had made it across the country back over water toward the Indian ocean. WE also know that fighter jets were scrambled when the plane went off radar. This in itself was strange because fighter jets are not usually scrambled to search for lost civilian airliners. If this company has found MH370 in the Bay of Bengal this would mean the pings that were heard in the south IO where staged or faked. I do not know for sure but it seems like this plane was deemed lost to terrorist and someone made the call to shoot it down. They know where they shot the freaking plane down and took extreme measure to direct searchers to other areas. Remember an Iranian passenger jet was shot down over the Persian gulf because it was deemed a terrorist threat in the 80's. Then recall flight 93 during 911 was ordered shot down but the passengers crashed the plane to prevent it from reaching its target. So, my assumption is not entirely impossible.
well i think its reckless not to go look and see if its there..you just cant dismiss it since no wreckage has been found yet
They are STILL DISMISSING the MIDDLE EAST as a destination too.....
Whether true or not, CNN reported that Bangladesh is going to take a look at the new finding. Nothing more on that so I suppose we wait and see.
Why are we looking, let china and malay look if they want it found csers
I guess someone in power is afraid the money milking inflated bill they hand to the nations citizens may come to end to quickly, if they think that is not it they need to tell us what it is anyways, face it how long would it take them to verify vrs. the time they say it may take to complete their current planed search area, whats the harm?
Who gives a fat f*** anymore? The only people who care about MH370 is CNN. And barely anybody watches that.
if you get nonsense reports, definitely the people making it are morons...again...MORONS
That sounds logical and ideal. This also explains why there is no single wreckage found since the flight went missing. The Malaysian government should look into this.
so what your saying is that they found something like a plane, but its not the one we are looking for. So, has another plane gone missing and no one reported it? Please pull your head out of your ass and get some air.
Could have been there for years now, many years.
It's called "lost at sea". They're never going to find that airplane. Period. It's an effort in futility.
It took a year to find the french Airbus. They'll keep looking - and they will find it.
But CNN was so sure!!!.. I don't care, I trust CNN....
What looser who dont have lives are still talking about this plane?!?!?!