Yes, very old non news story But it obviously did not crash Because debris would have Washed up on some shore Somewhere by now. Either It landed to steal some secret Cargo item, or to eventually Be used in a terror attack, Or aliens have it. It could not Have sunk without breaking Up and spreading debris.
I really don't sit in my room with a tin foil hat on, but... This thing HAD to make noise when it hit the water. The British Astute class subs are supposed to be able to hear a boat leave New York harbor from as far away as the English Chanel. The US has to have something at least comparable. Given proximity to the Persian Gulf, US and UK have got to have subs in the area. India has a dozen subs, Russia and China are probably there, too. They may not hear as well but they've got to have passive sonar at least half as good as ours. NONE of these heard the splash??? Somebody's holding back.
Thank you for correcting me. Feel free to elaborate and explain how.
Please wake me up when they find anything besides water and fish.
This ‘conspiracy theory is certainly in a class of its own and it certainly fits where it touches . The story goes like this: The Americans are withdrawing from Afghanistan; one of their command and control systems (used for controlling pilot-less drones) was hijacked by the Taliban when an American transport convoy was moving down from one of the hill-top bases. The Taliban ambushed the convoy and killed 2 American Seal personnel, seized the equipment/weapons, including the command and control system which weighed about 20 tons and packed into 6 crates. This happened about a month ago in Feb 2014. What the Taliban wants is money. They want to sell the system to the Russians or the Chinese. The Russians are too busy in Ukraine. The Chinese are hungry for the system's technology. Just imagine if the Chinese master the technology behind the command and control system, all the American drones will become useless. So the Chinese sent 8 top defense scientists to check the system and agreed to pay millions for it. Sometime in early Mar 2014 the 8 scientists and the 6 crates made their way to Malaysia thinking that it was the best covert way to avoid detection. The cargo was then kept in the Embassy under diplomatic protection. Meanwhile the Americans have engaged the assistance of Israeli intelligence and together they are determined to intercept and recapture the cargo. The Chinese calculated that it would be safer to transport it via civilian aircraft so as to avoid suspicion. After all the direct flight from KL to Beijing takes only 4 and half hours and the Americans will not hijack or harm a civilian airliner. So MH370 is the perfect carrier. There were 5 American and Israeli agents on board who were familiar with Boeing aircraft operation. The 2 "Iranians" with stolen passports could be among them. When MH370 was about to leave Malaysian air space and report in to Vietnamese air control an American AWAC jammed their signal, disabled the pilot control system and switched over to remote control mode. That was when the plane lost altitude momentarily. How the AWAC can do it ? Remember 911 incident ? After the 911 incident all Boeing aircraft (and possibly all Airbus) are installed with a remote control system to counter terrorist hijacking. Since then all Boeing aircraft can be remote controlled by a ground control tower. The same remote control system used to control the pilotless spy aircraft and drones.The 5 American/Israeli agents soon took over the plane, switched off the transponder and other communication systems, changed course and flew westwards. They dared not fly east to Philippines or Guam because the whole South China Sea air space was covered by Chinese surveillance radar and satellites. The Malaysian, Thai and Indian military radar actually detected the unidentified aircraft but none reacted professionally. The plane flew over North Sumatra, Anambas, South India and landed at the Maldives (some villagers saw the aircraft landing), refueled and continued its flight to Diego Garcia, the American Air Base in the middle of Indian Ocean. The cargo and the black box were removed. The passengers were silenced by natural means, lack of oxygen. MH370 with dead passengers took off again using remote control and crashed into South Indian Ocean to make it look that the plane eventually ran out of fuel and crashed. The Americans have put up a good show. First all the attention and search effort was diverted to the South China Sea while the plane made its way to the Indian Ocean. Then they came out with some conflicting statements and evidence to confuse everyone. The amount of effort put up by China, in terms of the number of search aircraft, ships and satellites, searching first the South China Sea, then the Malacca Straits and the Indian Ocean is unprecedented. This shows that China is very concerned, not so much because of the many Chinese civilian passengers, but mainly for the high value cargo and the 8 defense scientists.
Maldive villagers. Also fishing boat people. Discounted at the time... Are they still alive?
Fascinating, thanks. It explains how a controlled circular descent might very well have put the plane down in one piece and sink it without enormous decompression, hence no debris.
That pilot knew exactly what he was doing. He had a simulator in his home. Very remote part of the world. Its a tribute to Osama people. They all ended up very close to each other.
There was an article yesterday stating that people had found floating debris on the coast -- but authorities weren't interested, saying the debris was in the wrong place. Before, they had said it could wash up anywhere. I wonder where they're "planning" to find it?
The funniest reply ever. And, I so wish I would have saved it. Some girl (from her name?) asked, (and I'm really using quotes loosely) "Why couldn't it have just kept going up. I mean like whats stopping it from just like keeping on going up. I mean like we put men on the moon by just going up so why not this airplane just like keeps going up. Maybe I'm like stupid or something but you know?" Again, living proof that public education is a terrible waste of tax payer dollars. And, I'm sorry, I don't know the location of the airplane.
She was most likely home schooled.
Lindalouwho, NOW I remember who wrote that piece. Sorry. That was too easy.
i asked a guy who looked like an intelligent man in his early 30's how far he thinks the moon is from earth, he said i dont know about 3,000 miles. His life he thought the moon was only that far away. u think that would have been corrected at leased 20 years ago.
I asked a teen in WalMart (of course) where the lawn sprinklers were located. She blew a big bubblegum bubble & said, "Oh cool, like are those you know, like those thingys that go like on you know the end of a garden hose?" And I know I shouldn't have, but I asked her if they had any small thermometers that go in a freezer, and she told me no, that they didn't carry any great big electrical items.
Ruby, I enjoy going into the hardware store and asking the stupid little girl at the checkout for items like plug taps, heli-coils etc. For as slow as they are, they can grab the phone awful fast.
Are MH370 & Amelia Erhart's planes the only two not found? Or did I dream that?
probably more in the Bermuda Triangle.
Hilarious. Not one piece of the airplane discovered anywhere? Three hundred foam seat cushions held on by Velcro. Three hundred life vests in little plastic pouches. Three hundred pieces of luggage (at least). Little packets of chips or snacks all sealed in airtight packages. Cans of cola and bottles of water all with bits of air or carbon dioxide in them. Plastic lens covers, fiberglass and carbon fiber parts. And not one piece has found its way to a shore anywhere! And the Australians think there's a plane there? . They are chasing a ghost. That imaginary "ping" line that is a computer simulation. The airplane could be anywhere. Nepal? Uzbekistan? China? Vietnam? Pacific Ocean? A gigantic waste of resources.
it's not on land it's under water waste of time and money looking for it
They had numerous pilots on TV stating it would be virtually impossible to do a water landing at night in the Indian Ocean without the plane breaking apart into a million pieces. In good weather the Indian Ocean has 6 to 8 foot waves. This was definitely not the Hudson River with no waves during the day. One of the pilots said something really interesting... he said it is funny to him that people find it more believable the plane is in the water than crashed or landed in a remote jungle somewhere. Why would someone hijack a plane and crash it in the water? Debris from the Japan disaster has been washing up in California for a 1 1/2 now but nobody has found one piece from this plane?!?
if it landed in a jungle I'm fairly sure the explosion and fireball would been seen and heard at night....a portion of the jungle would have burned...
Citizen - there are MANY areas in Vietnam and Cambodia that are 100's of miles long by 100's of miles wide that are just jungle. No roads, no towns, no people. On the ocean (perfectly flat, no hills, trees, etc... in the way) you can see a maximum of 14 to the horizon. On land with hills and jungle in the way... much, much less. If a plane went down in the middle of the jungle away from roads, etc... nobody would be able to see it. As far as the crash site goes, I can only say 'google pics of 911 plane crash pics in PA'. It would literally be easier to find a Needle in a Haystack. They couldn't find the crash site with aerial surveillance even if they were actually looking.
Who is paying the enormous sums this has got to cost?
It is probably in the lint trap.
Its already been months and the plane is still missing.
Although it is tragic that so many lost their lives, it is also kinda amazing that one man alone could make a 777 disappear to the point that they can't even find one scrap of debris.
If they find anything now it has been placed there within the last 2 months!
That plane is in a country not in the Indian Ocean!
They don't want to find the airplane. I imagine that it "crashed" closer to the Indian coast. It's like the disappearance of the 727 many years ago from the Luanda airport. Not to be found.
The search will take a lot longer than months, because the plane isn't there, its in the hands of terrorists.
Why I don't understand that the black box pingers are not nuclear powered.Only a small amount of isotope would be required, and need to be replaced around 5-10 years. Then we wouldnt be hanging on the cliff worrying about their batteries running out.
I would suspect the main reason is because people freak out at the word "nuclear", so production of the necessary isotopes is limited. The best choice would be plutonium 238, as it's got a nice half-life and the radiation it puts out is so easily shielded, they used to use it to power implantable pacemakers. The Voyagers are still running on theirs Pu238 RTGs, almost forty years later. And there's at least one Pu238 RTG already in the ocean, and it isn't hurting anything there -- the one that would've powered Apollo 13's ALSEP package had they actually landed on the Moon.
We have more Pu238 than we know what to do with. Quite a bit of ORNL is still busy. Hey, it's great to talk to somebody that understands what I'm talking about.
I'm afraid you're mistaken, Scott. The US stockpile of Pu 238 has been mostly consumed, and that's including what we bought from the Russians in the 1990s. There was enough left to power Curiosity, but the Juno mission had to develop new, gigantic solar arrays instead. Congress has finally authorized a restart of production, but it's going to take time to get to where we have more than we know what to do with. For one thing, no matter how much we have, NASA will have ideas for how to put it to use. ;-) (C'mon, Titan Mare Explorer!)
Hmmm. I rarely get down to PANTEX. We had tons of weapons grade Pu from all the bomb s we disassembled for ourselves and the russians. My concern generally is our supply of VHEU, which powers our reactors.
From what I've read, Kirstin is spot-on... There are Thorium based RTG designs, but from what I've read they've never been built and tested. Pu238 is well understood, and better for RTG's, and we're plumb out.
Scott: unfortunately weapons-grade Pu is useless for RTGs. That's Pu 239, which is fissile. You need Pu 238 for RTGs, which is not fissile but gives off a nice steady amount of heat as it decays. That's the problem; Pu 238 has no use other than RTGs, so there isn't a lot of motivation to manufacture it.
Although wind power wouldn't help power a black box at the bottom of the ocean, wind power actually *is* used as a backup power source on aircraft! I'm not kidding. Most aircraft are equipped with a device called a Ram Air Turbine (RAT) that's basically a little windmill. Normally, aircraft use their engines to provide electrical power and/or hydraulic pressure. If the engines die, then, you're pretty much screwed, because even in a non-fly-by-wire system, no human is strong enough to physically operate the massive control surfaces on an airliner. You need hydraulic or electrical actuators. So if the engines flame out, the RAT automatically drops down from the aircraft's belly and into the airstream, generating enough power to operate critical electronics (like the radio) and hydraulics only. It's enough to allow you to glide the plane down to a (relatively) safe landing. Some of the power from the RAT is probably used to help supply critical data to the black box recorder. It might even keep charging the battery. But once airspeed drops enough, the RAT will fail and the black box will be on internal battery power only.
STOP ... stop spending money on the search; what is to be gained? Divide that money among the surviving families. C
Now that all the evidence to cover up has been planted, the search can resume...
Plane went in a slow circular decent and landed in Ocean without coming apart, and then sank 5 miles deep.
They will never find that plane in the ocean. There was a reason that plane flew under the radar for so long, right after it went higher than recommended and was decompressed.
Give up and stop wasting money. There are so many more important things to spend millions of dollars on.
Actually there are aircraft safety lessons that can be learned. Recovery of the Air France flight in the Atlantic helped us learn important safety lessons about freezing of air data probes that make future air travel safer. We may learn safety lessons that are just as important once we track down this aircraft and are able to determine the cause of the accident.
The plane originally disappeared and remains missing due to global warming.
This plane is as transparent as the Obama Regime.
Are you suggesting that Wonder Woman is now using this plane for her own purposes?
Dud, the election is over by two years. Get over it.
plane being missing is probably Obama's fault
Tried to book a round trip flight with Malaysia Air this morning but they were only offering one-way tickets.
"The hunt for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 in a remote patch of the Indian Ocean is progressing well " There has been no progress, #$%$ is progressing well?
Uh, I think it's a little late to "get extraordinarily lucky and find it very early."
How can he put a time frame on finding it? He also said the search is "progressing well" ummm I'd say it's progressing badly, they haven't found it.
Yes, it's humorous. His idea of progressing well is that they are covering the desired amount of sea floor on a daily basis. Kind of ignoring (1) the plane may not even be in the planned search area and (2) they may have already searched the area where the plane is and MISSED IT! I think you are correct is asserting that there is no progress until and unless something is found.
Perhaps they are looking in the wrong place.
Months? It might take years or never be found.
its in the hanger at the airfield that everyone says the plane is too large to land at. I still think its at Nicobar, in the hanger.
This has been a weird year.
How they got themselves saddled into this mess which wasn't theirs in the first place is anyone's guess!
And make a couple of private firms MILLIONS of dollars while milking the world out of funds.
Do not use Malesian Airliners,untill they will take action to have robust solutions for to pevent of lost the Plane in the air.
Simply stop all and leave it for the mistery of the century .................... Declare it as " unsolve mistery ".........................
What a waste of time and money
"Australia says missing plane hunt will take months" (...) That sounds like real NEWS !!
E.T. used it to get home .
None of the passengers had taken showers before boarding that flight -- they wanted to wait and wash up on shore........
I'm so glad they told us it will take months. We did not know that.
Well yah it has only taken days to find it till now.
Who pays for that search? And what will happen in case there's no result after one year?
Scotty beamed it up - never will be found...
it was recently lurking in swedish waters but got away before sweden could depthcharge it. it's the modern flying dutchman.
I know where it is but I'm not telling.
Jimmy Hoffa channeled it into the end zone of the Giants stadium.
I can't believe they still have not found this jet with 200+ humans on board...can I get a #$%$???
jesus christ, give it up. No one cares.
Mentalities like that are the reason the world is going downhill. Please never breed.
AI Go tell your mom if she went missing, you wouldn't care enough to want to find her. See if she doesn't slap you across the face as she should.
It's never going to be found. It doesn't want to be found, and the people that are looking for it, don't want it to be found, either....
It is not there; it is on dry land ...
Why waste money and fuel on this? We know it was not some fault of the aircraft and was someone intentionally flying the aircraft off course. They are all dead. Let it be.
cause your mamma was on dat plain
Actually, we DON'T know what caused it... and before I get on another Boeing 777, I would sorta like to know what happened to that one. And Boeing and Maylasia Airlines (not to mention EVERY airline that flies 777's) would too.
We do know what caused it - it was even flown evasively to evade radar. It was a nut on a suicide mission.
there never was flight 370, it was made up, just like we don't exist
Many more months??? Try many more years!!!!
........missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370? I wonder if the ISIS now has it.
They seem to have everything... except Ebola.
You guys are dumber than bricks.
How do they already know it will take months to find it? When ever you search for anything, there's no telling when you'll find it. If at all. This whole thing is weird. I think they've known what happened to it the entire time. Something smells... fishy...
Does anyone else see this as futile?....I feel for the families of the ones that were lost but when do you stop?
do I seem fear based to you? do I? come and get me and find out. d/d
Just give up. Let another generation with better technology find this....that is how they found the Titanic
Everyone always finds things in the LAST place they look, not in the middle. Come on, people, get with it.
You won't find it there. Look in Pakistan. All this happened when ISIS started coming to power.
"They" insist in trying to make us believe that theory...while "they" planned it and know what happened and where it is now !.
Australia can find $100m to find 28 dead Australians but will not fund $600,000 for a person requiring a lifesaving operation, sorry but it may sound callous but I think they have got their priorities wrong. Political correctness in the extreme
The plane has not crashed anywhere.It's in tact somewhere,in a predetermined location getting prepared for a sinister purpose and I wouldn't rule out another 9/11.The same pilots may be used,who knows,but something very scary is being prepared make no mistake.We will wake up one morning switch on the tele and then Bingo.
Stuart I think it was 2 years to find the black box not the aircraft. The aircraft was recovered I think it was within a week or 2
I wish they could make their minds up! First they say "We find it within days and now months!
What a daft thing to say, unless they don't believe they will find anything (which sounds quite likely). A search can take as little as a few seconds or it can end up going on and on without success. So how can they say it will take months?
the plane has been found, its the plane supposedly shot down by the Russians,its lying in a field in the Ukraine!!!!!!!
I have asked now for months......why does australia keep commenting and spending money on this farce why?
If it will take months, it is a most welcomed news and very hopeful. I pray it will not take longer than the months.
No matter how long it takes, you'll still be able to measure the time in months.
You know it's not under the water. It was hijacked. They need to focus on Iran because that's where they were going to take it. The pilot and co-pilot already had a heading. There is so many little airports they could cover up that plane and keep the people on the plane for information that would be of value to them. It's done all the time. Think about this .They flew the plane under radar covered the plane and redo the plane for later .This is not rocket science.This is what they do. They use everything to their advantage.
They wouldn't do that with a plane full of passengers, because then they'd have to deal with a couple hundred angry people. They'd target one being ferried empty, or a cargo jet.