I feel very sad for the families of the victims. I know they are upset and frustrated. Even those of us who don't have a stake in this are frustrated and curious about the loss of the plane. But when I read about family members demanding the impossible, like insisting on information that doesn't exist, I wanna slap them. They only make the situation worse for the others. They bring an air of anger to the families and others. It's not the recovery teams fault, they risk their lives out there. Millions of dollars have been spent looking, and they haven't stopped. Millions of ppl are praying. Yet, the selfish are still being demanding. You don't see them out there looking with their own teams. These loud whiners should be grateful, not demanding. Besides, burial at sea isn't the worst place. I think they will find the plane intact with most of the bodies still inside.
The first clue that this story is #$%$ is in the title "Malaysian experts". There is no such thing! This 'wreckage' cannot possibly come from the aircraft. It is, as the captain says, from his overturned barge. Malaysian 'experts' are just on a boondoggle to another nice resort island.
This just sounds like a few Malaysian officials will be getting some down time on some very nice resort islands. sad.
Ok, the wing was taken to France but the plane is Boeing so why was it not sent to Boeing in Seattle Washington to have it verified? They built it, they would know best.
Malaysian experts? Yeah right! Malaysia doesn't have any experts when it comes to aviation. If they did, someone in that country would have replaced the batteries to the beacon that sounds when a plane goes down so it can be located. The batteries to the beacon of this disappeared flight expired one year before the plane went down. It's incredible that the world and media actually take what the Malaysians say and do seriously.
Go look for MH370 plane, 2000KM to north east of Reunion island and around 2000 KM south of maldives islands, you will find the plane in one piece sitting on the sea bed.
To be perfectly honest, I would not really be surprised if what you say turns out to be true as I do suspect that the actual location of the plane is not where they are looking, but I am curious.. Why are you so certain of this?
I like that guess. I had always thought it was closer to the Maldives islands from the 1st week of it being missing. It's physics, if a plane flies 8 hours southbound, the earth moves west to east, that puts the plane about 2000-3000 miles west of where the "experts" have been searching for it all long, they seem to have forgotten the earth does not stand still for 8 hrs of time. Don't mind me, I never went to college, LOL
What has happened to the wing component in France. It's been one week and nothing from the French.
What? They ID'd it in 3 days. Do you want the part delivered somewhere?
that ps came from MH17 shot down in Ukanion Give me a break what more you want Now they can fabricate stories
They said it would take 2 days to know and they still don't know.
The Indian Raiders A techy spangled sky is watching my bowls. All kinds of ships stripe me with their vows, That this MH370 was not one of their hauls. Voyagers or fishermen have come and gone, I have slept with these surfers all night long, Made no mention of MH370 as we go along. Aussie, French, & Maldives are oceanologists, Do join to hunt the crown of a dead princess, Ain't we seeing a modern day three stooges? If the stakeholders do want to find the plane, Why has no pot of bounty for a piece of thing? Even a mere likeness a relative would dream. The Dead Quick Ugliness. Little sis lost her way to Chinatown, She vanished, nowhere to be found. She's last seen into Big bro's bound, "No, I saw her going in Aussie pond." So Aussie did for a loop in his pond. Albeit a long sorts, sis wasn't found. I'd called my son from Amsterdam To come home in our native land, He was murdered in Ukraine farm. Big bro rushed to catch the gangs, He was quick to sniff like a hound, Accused his rival of killing my son. Big bro's pal saw a bra in his island, They're sure it is her padding brand. "Little sis wore that signature brand." Then they say they are not that sure, How can I take back my own words, Big bros, thrice you made me a fool.
The truth is that the truth is far from being uncovered.
When do the family members arrive.
What about Mauritius and Madagascar, why are they not included in the search?
Give the debris to France they'll take another year to find where it can from. The wing part is in France has any one heard a report? No
Because they perform a real investigation.
The Malysian "experts" ID'd it without even seeing it up close. Id say it's 99% likely to be it, but France was checking serial nos. and maintenance nos., and that takes time. But better for the families to be 100% sure - 99% is not good enough for closure.
When trying to identify a corpse at a morgue, family members will be called to help in identification and in addition, a forensic examination might also be necessary in order to ascertain the identity of the victim. And so, it is only logical that the Malaysian owners of MH370, will be the ones best able to identify any plane parts.
Seems to me that Boeing would be the best entity to identify the parts.
Boeing is certainly the authority on whether or not the parts came from a Boeing 777 but as to the question of whether it came from MH370 specifically, then it is likely that the people who were in charge of it's servicing and maintenance would be better qualified to make a more positive identification.
see, the problem is all the people who couldn't get real jobs, joined the military. that's why they couldn't find it
what's a real job, jerk? A real job can't be what you have going on
Reunion Island wing for dummies The only page worldwide that explained in advance the last act: no confirmation that wing is from the missing Boeing. The page, published hours after hours after the wing "discovery", also explained what the "inspection" will reveal. Both reduced to ONE line: Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
Wing debris Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 illuminati-suicide-bombers.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ BASICS Check out why illuminati can stage fake crashes in Malaysia, Thailand, Indonesia, China, Ukraine, Russia, Taiwan, Argentina, or fake terror attacks in Kenya, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, Yemen, Kuwait, not to mention France, Spain, Germany alias EU but NOT in EGYPT Illuminati puppet governments 2015: Russia; USA; EU; Iran; Ukraine; North Korea - Typology At least 192 UN seats are covert nazi agents, or in other words doing nothing but to execute orders from Illuminati Grand Master Alexander Adolf Hitler: ** who-are-the-illuminati.blog+spot -- archive 2013/05/
Another article that states nothing....... all these so called objects are found, then it takes the experts a month to figure out if its related to the MH370, and these are the experts !
We don't need any more stories on every piece of junk they're checking into, if they find any more CONFIRMED pieces of the plane you can let us know.
It's not like pieces of 777 aircrafts just float around in that part of the world. There is only one missing. They are treating this as if we had dozens of planes go missing out there. Hum, is there a conspiracy they haven't told us about?
as has been already pointed out........Malaysian experts?? In what?
Experts in spending tax payers money for a good holiday and read the scripts prepared by politicians
Executing gay men for being gay men. Which may actually have been a factor here ...
It's really a miss spelling for Malaysian Excuses
Everyone on board is being anal probed
There is nothing expert about anything in Malaysia...They are a bunch of incompetent boobs.....
Surprised Yahoo didn't blame the crash on global warming....yet
Not surprised someone would say something that stupid.
Charles is a cerebral occluded fool
Looks like little Kenny has a new butt buddy.
charles you are a believer in pseudo science - just like most liberal loser butt bandits, so speak for yourself
"Experts" still probing what has already been proven to be debris from a barge
Why are the French silent? Barnacles research results? Hope something comes out of all this.
"Malaysian experts"? Experts on Malaysia? Or Malaysian experts? Malaysia has experts? On what?