Good. At last what appears the truth. At the time, the commentators here were trashing the pilots, in other words lying. Most people commenting on these pages make me sick. They are horrible people. There are a very few nice ones.
The only things we really know, the people are missing and the aircraft that they were in is missing. It seems that all the other so-called facts change on an almost daily basis. Something is seriously wrong.
Why even write an article like this?
I am somewhat convinced the Malaysian government had a hand in this whole mess from the start. Way to much evasiveness and misdirection. As inept as that government may be there is still a ring of deception to most of what they have put out . IMHO
Culture. They are backward and weird because of their culture. No more to it than that.
The plane is probably sitting in a hanger somewhere. Doesn't seem like anyone in the nearby countries was watching their radar that night. The plane could be anywhere.
It's almost impossible to hide a group of 239 people for a long period of time.
The first time they ordered out for pizza and beer for that many people, someone would suspect something, I think.
And they have a catering company feeding the passengers, do they? Or did they kill passengers, and want to use the plane? In that case, where are they going to get gallons and gallons of aviation fuel to fill the plane's tank? Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear.
Monkey, you have been told the hangars are too small at DG. You really are stupid PMSL idiot
Agree, I always thought the pilots were trying to save the aircraft. Reduced altitude, turn to nearest airport, and the turning off of equipment is consistent with a electricial problem or fire. The black boxes will give some good information as to what happened. Preventing this from happening again.
Except that it didn't turn to the nearest airport. That was Kota Bharu, just minutes away, which can take Airbus A320s. Capt Zacharie had practiced simulated emergency landings of the Boeing 777 in 1.5 km, we are told. Kota Bharu can offer 2 km. Surely worth trying in an emergency, even if Langkawi would have been easier to land at.
It still sounds fishy that the tracking was disabled. Why would they have a switch like that with all the terrorists these days? In my mind it's a highjacking. We need to stop teaching some people how to fly. Their names does it for me.
Need miss marple on this one.....
Just hope for the pilots' families' sake that an apology (a BIG apology) is given.
The electronics / communications malfunctioned while in mid air. The pilots were basically flying with no sense of direction, or ability to mayday a call, due to this fault. The pilots made the decision to do a u-turn and fly back to KL airport. Unfortunately the electronics also malfunctioned the air decompression component. Everyone on the flight, including the pilots suffered unconciousness/hypoxia and the plane turned "ghost" until the fuel ran out and crashed in the Indian ocean. The oxygen masks can only provide a limited amount of oxygen, enough for a short term emergency landing. The pilots were not at fault but they did make the decision to u-turn and find their way back to KL.
A great deal of people do not know or understand what Islam is! When Muhammad began his 'Prophet' act he taught peace and love with ALL religions - Which is what many secular Muslims want to follow and they can cite the verses which prove it. After Muhammad gained power in Medina he stopped teaching about being peaceful with other religious groups! Muhammad even confessed that his teaching of being peaceful with other non-Muslims was just a ploy to gain power! He began teaching to hunt down and kill ALL JEWS and Christians (because they could prove that he was a 'false prophet') and Hindus because they taught polytheism! - These are the teachings that the extremist Muslims follow AND THEY ABROGATE (replaced) MUHAMMAD’S EARLIER TEACHINGS OF BEING PEACEFUL! (You can know who the extremists are, because they wish to force Shari'a rule on everyone)! Every Muslim is expected to give $ to assist other Muslims in need. They do this by giving through the charitable organizations that were created by their Imams, what the secularist Muslims do not know is that 70% of the $ is then sent to assist the extremist groups ... not the Muslims that are in need of assistance! Until the secular Muslims are willing to stand up with the rest of us to condemn the extremist groups ... they will be counted among the extremist groups!
Our go-to assumptions have changed in the wake of 9/11 and the rise of terrorism. 25 years ago, the world would have thought malfunction, error, and tragedy. Now, we immediately think something sinister and evil. Since few of us, including me, know very little about the capabilities and mechanics of large passenger jets, it's somewhat easy to sell us a bunch of bunk aimed at increasing viewership and revenue. Truthfully, we'll probably never really know what happened. I choose not to live in fear, regardless.
So true. And unfortunately, the more of us that are this suspicious since 9/11 are just falling into exactly what Bin Laden and his cronies want - to terrorize the world. I too, choose NOT to fall into that fear and paranoia and let them "win".
The reality is that Bin Laden and Al-Qaeda aren't the ones who actually are winning....the military-industrial-espionage complex and the authoritarian politicians are the ones who benefited most directly from 9/11.
Islam = Murder and female slavery. Soon it will effect you personally and tragically.
What you say is true-yet how many workplace, gone postal, school place shootings, buildings being blown up, aftermaths of suicide bombings, Marathon bombings, pedophile priest, TRUE stories have we been exposed to?
Truth has far exceeded the limits of Fiction from what I've seen in almost 60 years,
Anybody who flies on an airline hiring Muslim pilots is out of their #$%$ mind. Plain and simple.
KayKay, do youself a favor and get yourself an edumucation!
Muslims have hijacked planes all the way back to the 1970s. It's not just a 911 thing
Many of the people commenting (ahem, KayKay and BN) are being affected by the very thing that Hmmm is talking about. Do you know ANYTHING about Islam as a religion? Probably not, judging from your comments. Not all Muslims are terrorists, plain and simple. Those who are are delusional and fanatic, and possibly insane. Most Muslims are not like that. If all Muslims were, then all the world's major cities would have been completely destroyed by now. And to Lee Vining: That applies to only the very devout. Most Muslims are secular, and do NOT support those ideals. And murder? Muslims are human too...they have emotions, families, and they feel love. Do you really think that someone who has such feelings can commit murder emotionlessly? You people are completely ridiculous and ignorant.
I agree. It seems that the news network, especially the one that supports the "kick them while they're down", is the worst to start the assumptions.. and then some of the others repeat it. I have learned to stop watching them. I don't even care for their investment and finance programs any more.
Now that we are away from the September 11th tragedy we can sit back and calmly view things without the hype, and the same with the London so called terrorists attacks of 2005, and what we are seeing is not very nice.
Here is what actually happened to the MH370 "After the flight took off from Kuala Lumpur airport, the pilot and his co-pilot hijacked the plane and took all the passengers hostages, and started to negotiate with the government about the opposition party and their own ideology (pilot was the strong follower of the opposition party) and they told the authorities that they will keep flying over Malaysian airspace until their demands will be met, and after long hours of negotiation and arguments that Malaysian government thought are impossible to meet, the government decided to take down the plane and so they did that and announced on the national TV that the plane is lost. It explains the fact that why the news of disappearance came so late especially when it has to be tracked immediately if the signal is lost. After the announcement Malaysian government let the international search done in the wrong place keeping all the attention away from them and meanwhile they cleaned all the data from their personal record from national radars and satellite. Also cleared anything which will prove that the whole thing was a conspiracy against Malaysian government including the flight stimulator and pilot's phone data etc. Now as they were assured that everything has been taken care of regarding their National security and stability they have given this official statement which in fact is a lie. They have already found the black box when they let the international experts and search teams beat around the bush. Now the black box that 26 countries are involved in searching will never be found and will waste millions of dollars until everyone gives up. Malaysian government has learned from this incident and will improve their security matters and will check on all the officials background more deeply but this time the story will always stay with in the higher officials of Malaysia as one of the top confidential occasion which fooled the whole world and wasted million of dollars and broke thousands of heart and took hundred of lives for the sake of their "TOP NATIONAL SECURITY" issue which sadly all the countries do on the stake of innocent lives. May their soul rest in peace and may their families find comfort as well. Let the Allah, God, Jesus, Bhagwan, The Power help us all.
P. - A great deal of people do not know or understand what Islam is! When Muhammad began his 'Prophet' act he taught peace and love with ALL religions - Which is what many secular Muslims want to follow and they can cite the verses which prove it. After Muhammad gained power in Medina he stopped teaching about being peaceful with other religious groups! Muhammad even confessed that his teaching of being peaceful with other non-Muslims was just a ploy to gain power! He began teaching to hunt down and kill ALL JEWS and Christians (because they could prove that he was a 'false prophet') and Hindus because they taught polytheism! - These are the teachings that the extremist Muslims follow AND THEY ABROGATE (replaced) MUHAMMAD'S EARLIER TEACHINGS OF BEING PEACEFUL! (You can know who the extremists are, because they wish to force Shari'a rule on everyone)! Every Muslim is expected to give $ to assist other Muslims in need. They do this by giving through the charitable organizations that were created by their Imams, what the secularist Muslims do not know is that 70% of the $ is then sent to assist the extremist groups ... not the Muslims that are in need of assistance! Until the secular Muslims are willing to stand up with the rest of us to condemn the extremist groups ... they will be counted among the extremist groups!
Little history lesson: All Muslims are not terrorists, All blacks are not lazy, All Mexicans are not bandits. I know several muslim people and have them as friends, as well as blacks & hispanics. Open your mind people.
@P. I know too much about Islam that's why I am against that religion. It was not a religion born from peace; it was a religion born from violence. In every religion there will be fundamentalists who will interpret their sacred text literally and unfortunately the Quran is full of passages to kill non-believers ... it might be the only major religion in the world with this type of message.
and i was taught all white people speak with lies in their heart.
P. not all Muslims are terrorists, true, but all terrorists happen to be Muslims
Let's just call it what is is, a classic case of "We don't really know what the hell happened." Everything right now is guesswork and surmise, period. That goes for anything their government is saying, because every satellite photo of something in the water has been "it" so far, with nothing panning out in the end. There is tons of large debris in EVERY ocean, for pete's sake. And every other day it's a terrorist-then it's a wreck again the following day. I'm with the families on this one, show us some actual proof or shut the heck up with your wild speculations until then.
We will probably never know, and some people just can't accept that. Especially reporters.
Teresa A,you need to some of the commenters to that statement.
As a Flight Attendant we watched a few films of people going through hypoxia. In the film they were supposed to "tap out" when they thought the lack of oxygen was affecting them. No one ever did. In the film women put lipstick all across their face, men missed their mouths while trying to drink and they all thought this was "normal". We were taught to look for the signs of feeling bloated ,dizzy,euphoric and passing a lot of gas. Then to get our oxygen tanks. Hypoxia sneaks up on you slowly, I can see this as being a viable theory and pilots making silly mistakes and then it creeping up on the passengers. In the end all would fall asleep peacefully from lack of oxygen and die.
As a former Air Force pilot who had to undergo hyperbaric chamber testing (altitude chamber) every 3 years, it doesn't 'sneak up slowly'. You remove your mask at 25,000ft and you have MAYBE 30 seconds before the observers are masking you back up because you are too busy watching your own drool (and f@rting) to know how. Payne Stewart's Lear never maintained pressurization when it took off from Orlando, and the entire plane was believed to have died within 12 minutes of takeoff and climbout.
Whether quickly or slowly, is there a lack of suffering and awareness with hypoxia? If so and if hypoxia occurred, there might be some solace for family and friends, in knowing that their loved one(s) didn't suffer.
this is the best and most sound resolution to make based on the facts known of the plane.
no phone calls were made from the plane, in the 6 hours hours it took to get to the indian ocean, meaning these people were most likely already passed on
@Levy and Bob. I am also a pilot (commercial, not military). Whether hypoxia sneaks up on you or not depends on the rate of decompression. There have been cases of very slow decompression. Regardless of the rate, the 777 has a system that continuously monitors the cabin pressure. If it falls above 14.000ft the masks are automatically deployed and an aural warning is played until re-set. Of course, there is a possibility that this system simply failed. However, the warnings on the flightdeck are independent of the cabin monitoring system, so that should have worked. The first thing you do in that case is to put on the oxygen masks. Takes no more than 2 sec, if that. That's what we are trained to do (over and over again). Hypoxia is certainly a very viable candidate, but I would be curious to know how it unfolded on board one of the safest and most advanced airliners without being noticed. I just hope that one day we will get all the answers.
i considered that but it does not fit with other known facts....there are thousands of things on a modern jet plane that float yet not one piece of debris has been found anywhere, the plane climbed dived and zig zagged after the transponder had been turned off....the pinger on a black box can last for years not just 30 days....the media have been full of $#1T regarding this story from day one....e,g, was it swallowed by a mini black hole - CNN......is there a Burmuda triangle in the Indian ocean - Yahoo......they have been a bit too quick with and too.....meanwhile there is a deafening silence from the Americans.....you would have thought that you would have boeing staff all over this one keen on the bull$#1T at the corporate controlled media......there were reported sightings off of the coast of the Maldives flying low and in the direction of Diego Garcia.....strange how this has been hushed up......check out more by googling maldivesfinest.
Monkey, it has been explained that you are talking bs about the pinger lasting years. It has been explained how everything you post is bs What an utter moron. Thanks for the laugh though. PMSL Time for your extra strength tin foil hat
We may never know what happened to this aircraft. The most logical scenario is that the cabin either lost pressure or had smoke in the cabin. The pilot then decended and turned the aircraft around but somehow were incapacitated ( more than likely they were efixiated by toxic fumes of somesort and the plane being on auto pilot just flew on until it ran out of fuel and crashed into the sea. However since we haven't really found an real evidence, just about any theory viable, until proven otherwise.
That's about a million times more likely than the plane sitting in Pakistan ready to launch an attack on the United States.Fear is the terrorist best weapon.And it is definitely working.
YOU MAY BE RIGHT…THEN THE QUESTION BECOMES…THEN WHY DIDN'T THEY CALL IT IN WHEN THEY WERE HEADED BACK ?
Gruartist, What does that mean "efixiated"? I've never heard that word. Is it a word in English?
Sorry art misspelled asphyxiated....Commenter it's hard to call it in if they all passed out or suffocated and were dead. It would be the first time there was a dead pilot at the controls when the plane corkscrewed into the ground.
At high altitude one pilot is always supposed to be on oxyen
The author of the article is doing the exact same thing as he/the article is professing to condemn; speculate. Not only speculate, but blindly speculate, HYPOCRISY IN PRIME. The news media (a la this article and it's author) and especially the 24 hour news media has to shoulder the brunt of this callous stupidity that has aired out a flurry of rampant speculation and hair-brained theories. For the past three weeks all that has reverberated on air and print is writers, newsdesks, and anchors goading 'experts' to speculate on what may have transpired. With nigh-to-nil information available these outlets have continued in a desperate attempt to flesh out blind scenarios to talk circles around. If the author really wants to determine the causality of such talk he should look in the mirror. If he wants to stamp the practice out...perhaps he should lecture instead to his colleagues and the media fraternity they espouse.
Just thinking that, and from a reporter. Cough!
Yes it is speculation, but I am glad to see at least one journalist defending the pilots, who have been the subject of intense and very negative speculation on NO evidence whatsoever.
Where Governments are guilty there is always a scapegoat or two for people to focus on and take the blame. Dead men cannot defend themselves. The truth is out there, just hope we find it
Re Air France or any other international flight. The Captain does not go back to visit VIP's. He goes back to sleep for a couple of hours and then the First Officer does the same. International flying is almost always on the "back side of the clock". There are usually 3 pilots (1 Captain and 2 FO's) and 3 equal breaks. Each gets a 2 or 3 hour break based on what rotation the Captain wants to have. As to "FO's do most of the flying anyway". Incorrect. Usually they fly 50% of the legs but it is solely at the discretion of the Captain.
I think an inflight fire is a less likely scenario, because if it was serious enough and quick enough for the crew to pass out without getting on oxygen or having enough time to make a distress call, the plane had very little chance of continuing to fly for another several hours. It would have literally burned up in flight. A rapid decompression might be the answer, although you would have to have some extraordinary circumstance to create that decompression. A bird strike can shatter a window, but I don't know of any birds that fly above 30,000'. Either a breech in the structure of the airplane or the loss of a window or door would be necessary to have a decompression rapid enough to prevent the crew from putting on O2 masks or making that call. This mystery is not closer to a solution than the day it happened.
pilots did not do anything wrong. they were set up by the right -wing government to portray them as terrorists who supported the candidate running agaInst the dictatorship in charge. The president of their muslim country let the p#$%$engers die to save his own #$%$.
Not sure where the OP got the info, but it is as accurate as anything else I have read.
I am not trying to diminish this story because it is a tragedy, but it's really damn irresponsible to the families to constantly publish speculation nonstop. As soon as they started talking about the guy's political interests I stopped watching the coverage on this because we've been down this road far too often in recent history. And we wonder why there are so many conspiracy theorists and so much distrust. The facts are really simple. The plane disappeared. It is presumed to have crashed. The end. Until the wreckage is found ANYTHING that is reported is for the sake of ratings. That's not what I want to be the motivating factor for being informed.
I hear what you're saying, but I think it's more of a no-win situation. The media is vilified for reporting on speculation, but they probably would also be vilified if they said nothing. Too much interest in this story to ignore it completely (until new "facts" come to light).
Once lies are exposed in an investigation, it is impossible to believe anything.
The only thing anyone DOES know is that this plane didn't get to where it was supposed to go & we have heard so many theories, ideas & just plain outlandish ideas that we have no idea who is telling the truth about what little IS known. In fact I read it all while waiting at checkout at the store. The National Enquirer has solved the whole thing & the crazy thing is that their fictitious story about it made more sense than anything else I've heard so far. I once worked for someone who had immigrated from Malaysia & his assessment of the government there was not complimentary. According to him they are not only inept, they are completely corrupt so is it any wonder that no one is accepting what they say? It's terrible to think this, but I suspect the plane may not be found for many years, if ever & we may never know what happened.
Facts=370 flew on intended route until approx. 1:15 am. Someone said "good night, all right." Around that time critical communications systems were "lost," After that even the facts have stayed in flux for over 2 weeks. Who saw or heard what are all guesses so it seems. Seems like such a mess. Still, someone knows exactly what time "good night, all right" was said, in relation to disruption of communications systems. If some done before, rest done right after. Doesn't that, at least somewhat support, scenario in cockpit one way or another.
The US Vincenz shot down a passenger plain that had accidently had its transponder switched off
Damn U.S. We thought they were coming to help !
The fact that the pilots tried to save the plane does not play into the narrative of the Neocons like Rep. Mike Rogers, Rep. Michael McCaul, and Sen. Lindsey Graham and authoritarian Democrats like Sen. Dianne Feinstein. These fools keep spouting the speculation that it was terrorism even though there was no evidence whatsoever about that theory. These fools will do nothing to stop the never-ending flow of trillions of tax dollars into the military-industrial-espionage complex - even using the unfortunate loss of a plane and 260 lives to further this agenda.
Not to mention the confirmation letter. No terrorist group claimed this tragedy. Usually they would be spouting great praises to God for the act they accomplished. Or is it suicide. Usually in suicide there is a letter explaining to his/her reasons for doing it. What about the typical signs of suicide were not there. But what I am not sure of is that the plane flew for hours after the turn. If there was a problem Why was there no contact with the tower. Second there is an emergency squawk code. Third is that ACARS allows messages from the cockpit be transmitted to company office. For anything like asking what gate on arrival and other things. Okay now after the turn if the plane was in trouble he would want to get it down as soon as possible. Pilots carry a small square case. In it are maps that have air routes and airport locations. He would be looking for the nearest airport that could handle a 777. He would have made a direct course and landed the plane. But they didn't. They continued on for hours until the fuel ran out. The only explanation would be a loss of radio, navigation, and electrical systems. The only thing working was hydraulics for flight surfaces. Then there would have to be something wrong in the cockpit. They were able to maintain level flight but couldn't see the airports. Even if cockpit crew was incapacitated and the plane was on autopilot somebody should have figured out that they were hours after arrival time and something is wrong. Not to mention the passengers should have felt the turn. There is something not fitting here. I am as stumped as everyone else.
Tomcat933, Islamic terrorists would be spouting praises to Allah, not God.
As for communication with the "tower", every commercial aircraft is transferred over to Approach Control on departure, which is a standard procedure and a completely different ATC frequency. Once the aircraft reaches 10,000 feet it is transferred over to a "Center" which controls a certain airspace region. Therefore, the crew was not in contact with "the tower" when communications were lost.
Believe it or not, when a pilot is faced with a sudden, serious emergency, his/her first responsibility is NOT to radio the tower or anyone else. It's to deal with the problem. Whoever was flying the plane at the time would have Things may have gone to hell so fast that there was no time to try and get anyone on the radio.
@Jerry...And how do you know they're not? We get the information that our government wants us to have...period.
Lets play What If.....The course change and rapid desent make sense for an onboard emergency (Been there) Eastern Flight in 2002. What if the emergency were an electrical fire in the Cockpit. in or at the communications console. If you google the 777 cockpit all of the communications (radio's, IFF, and other communications systems are all located right there. right next to it is the navigation system (Auto Pilot and controls) with the lose of these two systems the pilots are VFR. flying be visual means, looking for landmarks and no compass, or comms. this would explain more that all of the other stories combined. I believe that after passing over land and finding themselves over water they may have altered course several times to locate land. at 12,000 feet the line of sight is just under 50 miles and at 230 MPH (cruising speed) they were just plain lost.
VFR at night over water would really, really suck.
If there is a fire in the cockpit, how would they be able to control the plane? Wouldn't that fire take out the controls too?
Not if limited to the center console. engine controls are located over the pilots and the throttles are manual. even if the yoke were disabled, a good pilot could steeer using the engines; slow one down speed one up.
They crashed in a huge ocean and everything points to them trying to get back....I had a electric fire in my car at night and you have no idea until it is too late. I was able to stop and get out and turn the car off, You can not turn the Jet off and just get out,.,he tried to turn the jet back and deal with the problem or locate what the problem could be...If a tire fire started or electrical...They may have all choked to death while the jet kept on going until it crashed God knows where. There is no chance of recovery people.. If I where them I would want you to have understanding that my body may not be recovered and that my body was not me but my spirit...My body is just a shell for who I am...Not to worry I am with Jesus...
Wow author, nice deflection of blame of pot-stirring. Malysian spokespeople drove about 2% of speculation, wild rumour, pontificating, etc. The media, including YOU and the paper you write for, drove the other 98%. And now you act holier-than-thou? And this only at a certain point in the investigation, where you are still speculating. What if the satellite and reports etc. turn out to be wrong in a few days? You'll what--blame Malaysia again rather than your jumping to be the "furstest with the leastest"?
Actually I saw Neocons like Rep. Mike Rogers and Rep. Mike McCaul as well as authoritarians like Sen. Dianne Feinsten spout the speculation that the plane was downed as a result of nefarious terrorism. Those who actually had a clue, like former Pilot Chesley Sullenberger, said it was probably a catastrophic mechanical failure or some type spontaneous malfunction. Who would you believe? An idiotic politician or a heroic pilot with decades of experience on commercial aircraft?
Trojan, congressmen work for the media too. its their free advertisement. @Tongue, You are right on
Do you consider yourself media? Because most of the people who posted anything did not even bother to read the story first and just ran on half-cokked and totally oblivious to facts! Whish is what you are doing right now!
Sullenberger--that man is a badass honorable champion of everything.
They have a new angle, new debris, new everything everyday and NO NEW ANSWERS.
My question would be: if the flight originated in Kuala Lumpur and was flying to Beijing ... Why are they pushing the story so hard that it HAD to be crashed into the middle of the Indian Ocean southwest of Perth, Australia? Wasn't it last noted on radar (before the radar sensors were manually turned off) north of Australia and southeast of Vietnam? If the goal was to crash it into the ocean, wouldn't it have been easier to crash it into the Pacific Ocean (that would have been closer)?! Why aren't they considering a landing on land? Would a safe landing on land put a bad light on Islamic extremists (or an Islamic country)? Is this another failed 'cover up attempt' by our current administration? Because, it sure looks just like the failed attempt to cover up Benghazi!
do not even know how to respond to such a moronic statement
If the plane went down because of mechanical failure, fire, or a similar scenario (which is FAR more likely than much of the speculation below), the tin foil hat crowd is going to be very disappointed. Those who seem to have a personal stake in this being the work of Muslims (of course muslim = terrorist with that crowd) are going to be completely despondent. What am I saying, of course they’ll just claim it’s all a big cover up. Never mind, as you were. I feel terrible for the families of the pilots though. Bad enough to lose them like this, but to have so many people blaming them based on literally zero evidence has got to be crushing.
There are so many possibilities of what went wrong that it is absolutely useless to spend time reading or speculating what went wrong. Let's find the plane, raise it if we can, evaluate the flight and voice recorders then speculate. Any time a plane goes down, the first thing they want to do is blame the pilot for pilot error. Well, that ain't always true. We may never know what happened but I would like to think these guys did everything they could to keep the machine flyin.
@Warren--You & a handful of others have made perhaps the most rational entries pertaining to this topic. When the time comes that we locate it, many answers will come to light. May those whom lost their lives RIP
All of this speculation at this point is a colossal waste of time. Let's find the plane first, then figure out what happened and who is potentially at fault. Maybe it was the mechanics, maybe it was the weather, maybe it was the pilots, maybe it was a terrorist(s)? Society is always looking for someone to point the finger at before they get all the information necessary to accurately do so. I wish they would just stop the what if's and focus on finding the plane and helping the grieving families.
WELL SAID !!! I cannot believe all of the official statements that I have already heard. Including the last one that stated "based on mathematical research" ??? we know where the plane MAY be.. My guess is as good and I say the plane is almost 150 in the other direction and in tact.
did you sent this well-stated point to CNN? They needed it two weeks ago.
@BPB .... well stated .... the media has stopped reporting news .....
I think that the pilots did a marvelous job on trying to save the plane as best they could, however, nothing worked in their favor--when it is time to go its time to God does not play around--when he says your time is up--then it is up.
Maybe the Airbus is a junk to start with, check out how much the Airbus has had vis Bowing.
BPB I am 100% in agreement with you, at least try and find the plane before making judgement.!!!
Hey BPB what if's are good. When all is said and done then the ones that guess right can do the " See , I told you so"
Speculation SELLS. Mystery SELLS. Advertisers dig SALES.
You must like to waste your time, because your on here.
Benny... you assume the pilots tried to save the plane when there is no actual proof as to what happened to the plane... you need to read some stories on Air France 447, the last one I read stated the plane pancaked into the ocean and they firgure the pilots tried to land it, they also figured some drowned strapped into their seats, legs and arms were broken do to the crash position people get into, some had chest injuries and skull injuries... I would post a link but Yahoo doesnt allow it, still behind times.
@BPB I could not of said it better thanks for the post that makes the most sense.
BPB - From analysis I've seen on the Weather Channel, weather was the one thing that was ruled out as a factor. The rest is wide open speculation of which I am mighty tired.
Benny, I bet last week you were thinking that pilots were terrorists.
T BIRD, is this all about "I told you so" for you? Families of lost people would disagree with you.
@Annie I was just throwing things out there like all of the "news" agencies have been to make a point. I have no idea if weather played a role and neither does the Weather Channel. They can't accurately predict the weather, the very thing they are supposed to be experts at, so I'm not really going to buy into their analysis either. @Robert it's "you're" not your. If "you're" going to make a smart remark, make it look smart!!! (Sorry busting balls. Couldn't help it!)
Your absolutely correct, BPB. The problem with that though is it wouldn't sell more Coca-Cola and Ford trucks in the meantime.
I doubt very much that the Weather station PREDICTED anything. But they can, and would, tell us what was happening when the plane went down! And there has been NO mention of bad weather from any source! Pity you don't understand weather any more than anything else!
Gossip leading to mis-information. Who woulda thunk. Be patient and wait for the facts.
BPB - we may never find anything. That's a fact Jack. Your suggestion that no-one bother to speculate or investigate hunches seems a little too Big-Brotherish.
@concord if you personally want to speculate go ahead. I'm not saying individuals should not speculate. I'm talking particularly about our news agencies. Their job is to report news, not speculations about what may or may not have happened. Once we find the plane and have the critical information, then they can start that game. But at this stage, why bother speculating when we don't even know for sure what happened? Too big-brotherish!?!?! What do you think I represent the government? I think you need to reign in your conspiracy theories just a bit! Just a dude in SoCal with a little common sense that's all. I know hard to find around these parts, but as you might guess I'm not from here.
I choose not to believe anything until it is proven beyond a shadow of a doubt. The Malaysian government is either fabricating what they say they're sure of now, or they've been fabricating since day one. They weren't on the plane when it disappeared. They don't know what happened for sure any more than Aunt Mable from Podunk knows. And if they did know, there would be something very fishy going on. Shame on them.....I read this morning that they had text the loved ones who were waiting for word about the missing plane that the plane had gone down. Very sad.
Even criminal courts do not require evidence "beyond a shadow of a doubt," as you require. Beyond a reasonable doubt, which criminal courts and our Constitution do require, seems fair. I do not know what beyond a shadow of a doubt means, but it seems a bit too tall an order to require. Just saying. Otherwise, I agree with you. The Malaysian authorities have been more then stupid, beyond any doubt.
I honestly think the statements they have been making all these time have been coming from all those so called "experts" or "analysts" from U.S., Europe, China, etc. who are suppose to be much more knowledgable. I think it's not fair simply to put the blame on the messengers. Anyhow, before we know the truth, we should know every statements are simply speculations or intelligent guess. So don't hold them responsible for everything.
They know what happened to the plane, they just dont want to tell the truth... If the plane flew into the water where are the bodies? You would think that many bodies would be easy to see visually? Think about it people... Right now you can go and buy a car with onstar that tells you where you are at and us connected to a satellite in the space for 20k, but dont have tech that could find an airplane that cost at least 250 million? We have drones but cant find a massively huge plane?
It's the Indian Ocean - not some lake - rough choppy waters, a very rugged waterhole.
THAT ocean is megabigger than that plane!...Can you see an ant walking on a sidewalk in front of you?...Finding that plane is worse! The ant is on a flat, calm surface, the plane is on a large reflective surface that is constantly moving and now storms are moving in! Try to get hold of an atlas and understand!!
No Conclusions or assumptions should be made until the Black Box Recorders are recovered and reviewed!! And I would still like to know if Rolls Royce stepped up to the plate to assist with Data that they received that could play a critical role in this entire situation? If you are not aware, the Boeing 777 is equipped with the Rolls Royce Trent Engines, these engines have a system installed in them called the "EHM" (Engine Health Management) 25 sensors that constantly Monitor the engines performance and critical data including start up and shut down, all transmitted via satellite to Rolls Royce, seperate from all other transmitters!
I would say they have stepped up to the plate already.We would know if it was engine failure.
I have been saying this from the beginning! I was amazed last year when I first heard of this, and even more amazed now that Rolls Royce was not among the first to contact or be contacted by the authorities.
They must have been contacted because you started hearing about the pings from the beginning.I am amazed you were not smart enough to know they got that information from Rolls Royce.
There just might have been a person or person's who someone, yet to be identified, did not want to reach their ultimate destination for reasons yet to be determined. This could also be a mystery wrapped up in a riddle of another mystery veiled in a fog of clever subtrifuge in order to throw everyone off the real answer. What about the deleted filies by the Captain? Why were they deleted? What was so important in those files that he had to delete them? Did someone on the ground or a following aircraft have a way to communicate with the Captain outside of normal channels to delete the files without his co-pilot being unawares of the Captains ability to do just that? Could the plane have landed somewhere completly under wraps undetcted by anyone for their own design after gassing the passengers before landing? If this is so then the co-pilot was part of the plan with the Captain and whoever was leading this mission to procrue this particular plane. Try not to forget that most of these newer planes can almost fly themselves and land themselves what with all of those reduntency factors being fit into the equation what with the main frame computer system on board. Speaking of which. All it would take to bring a plane down safely would be for them to have a computer that could somehow ( there are a lot smarter people out there in the either then I am who will explain this a lot better them I ) break through the firewalls, the encryption. Reset the settings and then have complete control of the plane from that point to it's eventual safe landing. With everyone dead there would have been no one to stop them. With the right camoflage, if a proper job had been done in it's construction, no one would have known that they were there. Would they. A 777 brought down to an unspecified location undetected and totally under wraps. Then with the plane totally reconstructed from the inside to ressemble the interior configuration of a Galaxy C-5. Full of fuel, loaded up to the teeth with all the RDX, HE explosives that they could pack inside ( aprox. 50 tons, easily ). That plane would suddenly be transformed into a rolling flying bomb that with the right intelligence in front of the keyboard of a highly sophisticated computer could be flown anywhere on the planet and detonated with the fuse hooked up to the altimiter when it reached a certain altitude just before touchdown blacked out and dead sticked all the way in. With no transponder it would never show up on the radar scope. And with it painted flat black, so as not to reflect any light, it would not even be seen. The device would go off like a poor man's atomic bomb. Without the radiation factor. Say, right in the middle of Tel-Aviv sometime after midnight. If I have leaned anthing in my 61 years it is that nothing is impossible and nothing should be taken for granted. And if Iran is behind this then they have enough weapons grade uranium to turn that poor man's bomb into a thermal nuclear bomb up to 50 kili-tons. that is if my math is right. Where Iran is concerned I never disscount anything when you take into full consideration just how much they not only hate the State of Israel, but want nothing more then to also wipe the State of Israel off the face of the earth. No matter what the consequences. The High Imam + the Supreme = anything is possible and nothing should be taken for granted where they are concerned. The plane is more-then-likely at the bottom of the ocean. But what if it isn't. Then what. Later.
First off, does that mean that ANYONE who deletes ANY files from his computer is suspect? Second, autoland flight systems ONLY WORK with airports equipped with suitably approved Instrument Landing System (ILS) or Microwave Landing System (MLS)... and they're rarer than hen's teeth. Third, the transponder has NOTHING to do with RADAR being able to detect it. RADAR transmits microwave energy, which reflects off the surfaces of an object (plane, mountain, ship, clouds) and is displayed at a certain 'azimuth and range' based on the time it took to 'bounce back'. The transponder TRANSMITS an electronic signal with specific aircraft data (flight number, altitude, heading) which is received by the RADAR antenna INDEPENDENTLY of any microwave signal. You can no more hide from an aircraft radar than you can hide from a cop's radar gun.
Stranger and stranger does this story become. I do hope they can find the black boxes, but at this point If they do find them I would not be surprised to find out there was nothing there. Now don't ask me how that could be but this whole story is very strange; so something as strange as a blank black box doesn't seem out of line. But seriously. we need the black box; to be able to, at the least, give some idea as to what happened. This still doesn't make sense. If the pilots were fighting to save the plane, why didn't one of them radio for help? Or to at least let someone know there was a problem?
Total electrical failure or an electrical fire requiring securing of all busses to isolate would have put them in a NORDO(no radio) situation as well as securing the ACARS and Transponder. If overcome with smoke at low altitude or hypoxia, which can set in fast and is the reason they needed to get below 10000', everyone would have gone to sleep. If the aircraft was still flying, trimmed for level flight and full of gas, it would have continued on course until the engines flamed out. Even if they used their oxygen masks, that only gives them about 15-20 minutes of air. O2 during a fire is a no-no as it just feeds the fire.
Once again, if they lost radar contact , which they didnt, the plane landed somewhere. They even said that as long as the plane was flying, some country had it on radar, so therefore, someone knows exactly where the plane is.
there are no radars in the ocean
1. There are ships out at sea (in the ocean) they all have radars. 2. A land based radar mounted high with a lot of power can cover a lot of territory. So it is possible that someone, somewhere had that plane on radar without knowing it; the trick is finding out who. But I still say this is one strange case and seems to have more twists and turns in it then a can of worms. What will be next?
What do you think ships radar looks for-incoming planes or underwater obstacles?
if the plane had a problem, why turn off everything. why didn't they land at the nearest place? I still think this plane has landed somewhere, hopefully.
Radar on a ship is looking for surface vessels, aircraft and weather, (basically anything on top of the water). Sonar is used for checking in/under the water.
Bryan: SONAR takes care of the under water items while RADAR takes care of the above water items.
Turning back to land is a good idea, unless you are passed the 'point of no return', which they certainly were not. It would also be a good idea to descend rather rapidly from high altitude in case of cabin pressure failure, even though the crew and passengers have emergency oxygen available. In case of fire, a better course of action would be to leave the plane at high altitude and 'dump' cabin pressure manually while allowing the passengers to use their emegency oxygen masks (as well as the crew). The reason for this action is that the same high altitude that will kill a person (without an oxygen mask) will also 'kill' the fire or, at the least, keep it from growing worse. This will keep them going until they get closer to a landing site, at which time they can make an emergency descent.
Emergency passenger oxygen only lasts for 15 min or so.
Yeah let's use highly flammable oxygen during a fire.
JJJ,oxygen is not highly flammable. Oxygen is an oxidizer that increases flammability.
I spent a great deal of time in Malaysia and they are generally forthright and , don't talk much unless they know exactly what is going on. This is a bit out of context for most of the people I dealt with. That not withstanding I believe that when and if the plane is found or the wreckage there of we will maybe have a better idea of what we were not privy to while it was happening. The only thing that concerns me is two Iranians with legal passports enter Malaysia and leave with fake or forged passports; it doesn't seem to Kosher but that is still an open question. Too many ideas from too many people who were not there and have no knowledge except what they get from the leading authority on this or that. It is very sad to think that it happened to all those people and there is so little and as yet no confirmation of wreckage. Would you not think the ocean would be littered with flotsam from anything that would float in the plane and the luggage not to mention the people. It did not stay in one piece if it in fact did come down in the ocean.
Ya right you have not been out of that trailer park in years.
Oh you know where I live ! Not a trailer park that is the only place you are familiar with so it stands to reason. I have been there three times doing work in power plants as a professional welder. You my friend are however jealous of your lack of worldliness and spirit and would malign those you don't know Growing out of your #$%$ Genre must be hard for you. .
As a Malaysian, I disagree with the first line in this article. We never 'thrashed' the pilots nor belittle them - it is the foreign media that does so. In the recent weeks, I have seen many disastrous articles with little or no sources back its 'news'. Malaysian officials continuously try to refute the contradictory/false statements made in the foreign media about the incident, but to no avail, as the damage (false information) has already been 'reported'. For example, the Malaysian authorities did not "confiscate" the flight simulator as reported in the foreign media, it was taken away for examination WITH the consent of the pilot's family members.
Feel for ya'-this is the U.S. though and we're not big on believing our government. "Question Authority," is built into our DNA from decades of being lied to.
you think the family is going to say no? c'mon, the officials ask nicely first because for sure they are going to examine it, with or without the family's consent. The family of course will give consent because they have NO OTHER CHOICE.
@saywhat It still has to do with the word choice, the word "confiscating" implies that the pilot has done something wrong and the authorities are investigating his actions, while "with the permission of the family" shows that the authorities are investigating as it is their duty to investigate the entire passenger manifest, including the crew.
john, the word confiscating mean just that, to take without permission. The word doesn't imply anything about guilt. You making things up in the dictionary? And don't think for a second if the family said no, that would be the end of it...the authorities would take it by force. You seem to imply the family had a choice of not giving up the simulator....you are nuts.
The imperative word that the gentleman from Malaysia refuses to utter, is "ISLAM". I would never board a plane, nor travel to a Muslim country.
zapata....do you ask what the religion the pilot is before you board a plane? what an idiot!
and we still haven't heard much more about the deleted files
No Gary, Simply put, no airlines operated by Muslim countries. Thumbs down for repressing my point of view.
This story is still speculation at this point. Nobody will really know what happened until the flight recorder is retrieved. With all of the world corruption and outright lying even during 9-11 by our own government who wouldn't be cynical or not trust the cover story? I know I didn't trust the cover story and plane or no plane, I still don't accept this cover story at this time nor should anyone else until all of the facts are laid out for all to see. All governments lie because it's what they are good at. It's what they do....Just remember 9-11.
Remember the day when we didn't have 24 hour news cycles to fill, they just keep talking just to be saying something even if most or all is not true just to be the FIRST to say it. They should have said the plane was not accounted for and then SHUT UP until they had real facts to back up what happened. That way there wouldn't have been SO MUCH speculation and misinformation spewed on the airwaves. My heart goes out to the families that have had to endure all of this.
Yes, but if you feed the hype with looney-toon contributors, psychics, and the rest of the clown car occupants, people watch.
That is called 'talking heads' or 'max headroom', 'blithering' or 'I love the sound of my voice'.
And, you know what? I still don't think they have a clue what actually happened!!! Anyone else agree with me on this? And, just think, we have a 24/7 WEATHER CHANNEL ---- and we still have to wait and see what the weather is when we wake up! No this is all about politics and money, pure and simple. Whatever happened to the days of real TV with real stories and real actors??? But then again, whatever happened to intelligent real people----they don't exist either. I don't watch TV---now I know why. I pick and choose what news I want to read on line or on FB. That way I don't have to listen to some "talking head" (who by the way is probably making $$$$$$$$$$) putting his/her/their spin on what they assume is the news of the moment. If more people stopped watching TV and their ratings started to plummet, maybe then they would think about redoing their formats. But as long as the "ignorant masses" continue to tune in, this is what you are going to get. How many people know they have a FREE LOCAL LIBRARY?? Try reading if you really want to be entertained and/or educated. That's the real deal!!! Besides it is one of the best assets a Town has which is paid for by the taxpayers. \
They're spewing so much garbage these days that when the real facts emerge we may not even know it,
Wait a sec, weren't the Malaysian officials being accused of NOT saying enough? I can tell you that the great majority of "conflicting reports" were from the famed "sources who spoke on condition of anonymity".
"Precipitate fall in altitude from the cruise height of 36,000 feet that would be consistent with the pilots responding to the effects of either a loss of cabin pressure or the consequences of smoke or toxic fumes in the cabin—in those circumstances it would be essential to get down to below 10,000 feet. In the case of cabin pressure, it would be done to stabilize the cabin atmosphere and in the case of smoke, it would be urgent to get on the ground as fast as possible." Huh...I just watched the movie Non-Stop and this scenario was played out.
It is a nice place. Been there a few times on holiday. Nurse about to give me my meds then back into bed
I thought about this a week ago and it still seems to hold to me, Piracy. What if it was a robbery and all this was done to escape with the loot (what ever that may have been). Take control of the plane, climb and cut the cabin pressure to knock everyone out, Kill them in their sleep to avoid a fight and to render them so they can not use their phones. Gather the looted items and bail out over land or close to it with someone possibly waiting with a boat after setting the plane on a course that leads to no where with little satellite coverage or radar until it runs out of fuel. This sounds more and more like a very well planed robbery to me, and if so they have a two week head start.
The risk we all take daily is trusting someone else with our lives. At any given time we could be killed by a car careening onto the sidewalk, or into the restaurant we are enjoying dinner at. Or a pilot intent on killing all of the passengers on the aircraft he is in control of. Bottom line, there is an element of trust we all bestow unto our fellow man every waking moment of every day. Live life like you may not see tomorrow and tell those you love that you do. It may just be your time. I don't always practice this- nobody does but somber reminders such as this tragic loss of so many remind us to be good to one another and enjoy the precious gift of life.
Lovely comments, beautifully written. Life is truly a precious gift. What idiot in their right mind would give this a "thumbs down?"
Any taxi, bus, plane or cruise ship (Concordia comes to mind) we hand our safety to a stranger that we have to trust. Every time I get into any of these I say "I've made my decision" and from then on it's up to the driver / pilot to keep me safe. Everyday I tell my loved ones how much I love them because one day my tomorrows may be over.
I think as much as we wanted the plane to be safe on land somewhere, we I think pretty much knew the plane was in the water, yes there were small and maybe still are small percentage the plane is on land, but really after so many days, I know the heart is stronger than the mind, but really they needed to come to ends knowing the plane was in the water, with every gimps of hope and as much as they waited, the info going out was not 100%, and I think Malaysia was terrible in how they made the statement, and with out 100% proof of a pc in their hands.
So the article trashes the Malaysian government instead. True, they were incompetent, but not malevolent. What third-world country would have the ability to deal with a situation like this? They did the best they could, their fault lay in not bringing in other, experienced governments sooner. As to the pilots, the government never fingered them, the government was reporting available facts as they were known, which were conspicuously few. You always have to start with the people at the controls when the plane disappeared. The publicized raid was at the behest of a clamoring media. Nothing was reported that would cast the pilots as anything other than stand-up guys. Media speculation cast them as criminals or terrorists. It still remains to be seen, but I doubt the pilots did anything improper, based on their reported backgrounds.
Totally agree, Tom. Had the flight originated in a country on the vanguard of aeronautical safety, the tragedy may have still happened. Begs the question, 'Just what does a third-world country---or any country, for that matter---do, preemptively, to rehearse for one of the more baffling disappearances of all time?' Cooperation and coordination may have been done in ad hoc fashion, but why not cut the Malaysians some slack by allowing that they perhaps did about the best they could, given the situation? We've all learned from this; just too bad that it took an horrendous loss of life to prompt eventual changes.
my guess is there was a fire in the lower storage area which caused the pilots to lose all communications. attempting to get back to a landing area they had to get to a lower altitude because of decompression in the cabin. after the pilots passed out or succumbed to the smoke in the jet it flew till it ran out of fuel. I think this was just a tragic accident that people are trying to put a terrorist spin on. if a terrorist had done this someone would have taken credit for this by now. may god bless the families and their love ones.
According to a 'story' I read, there were 22 men/women on board that plane who were working on a joint Chinese/American project that would allow some advanced technology to be created. Word was in the story, that China wanted that technology for it's own. Today there is the technology to program airplanes to fly by themselves with no one in the pilots seat so why couldn't that flight have been highjacked using that same technology, put down where the tech heads were removed and then the plane taken out and crashed in the ocean to cover the real issue. It's doubtful that with the currents, the weather and the huge ocean out there that this plane will ever be recovered or we will ever know what happened. See.. I got you to read this and I made up a story, so why do we not think a 'story' is being made up to explain the disappearance of this plane.
Considering the fact that it took 2 years to find the black box for AF 447, and they had found the wreckage very quickly after the crash, there's a very good chance the black box for MH370 will never be found and it will be just speculation what happened to the flight from this moment on. What happened to AF 447 is scarier to me though; at night, over the middle of the ocean flying through a thunderstorm, and one mistake on the part of the least experienced officer on the flight doomed over 200 people. Hopefully something like that never happens again.
As a person who flies internationally in 777s several times a year I have been watching a lot of the coverage provided on TV. Having listened to the forever changing assessments by dozens of "experts" paraded by the TV stations not to mention those of the stations' own commentators, I am reminded of the words spoken to me by my friend's late father. He said "You will learn that experts are ten a penny but finding someone that really knows what they are talking about is not easy". How right he was!.
My father told me an expert is anyone more than 100 miles from home. Now that so many are stuffed in New York and Washington, they don't seem to have to go that far.
from big john, this article is all hogwash. I won't fly with Muslim pilots.
Definition of expert:- Ex/ former. Spurt. A jet of liquid under pressure.
I agree with you completely, David, and your friend's father was on the money. I stopped watching coverage of this because every news outlet had their "expert." Yet most of them just wanted their 15 minutes of fame. They may have flown these planes, or had knowledge of these planes, but where it all would go wrong was when the commentator asked, "So what do you think happened?" and suddenly, they had their forum to spout every hair-brained theory imaginable. I heard that one news media was doing wall-to-wall coverage every day. They couldn't fill that many hours with actual news, so they, and every other news group, trotted out the dumb and dumber to fill their hours with conspiracy theories and pilot suicide...and alien abduction... The saddest part? You can't undo the damage done to these pilots. Every demonizing image of them and their politics, their religion, their mental health status was speculated on without actually knowing anything.
99% of all pilots are muslims.....they just pretend to not be...FACT!!!!!!
David = Your father knew best! He was a very wise man. The Media, and their guests are pounding their ideas twenty four hours a day! We are living a decade in which analysis, of analysis are becoming the news!
I agree David. I often wonder what the qualifications and/or criteria are to be classified a expert other than the individual or some reporter looking to attract attention say that the commentator read a book therefore is an expert.
We may find out (sorry, another theory) those pilots had their hands full with a catastrophic emergency and consequently directed a fuel laden plane out to sea buying time to get control over water. Unsuccessful, then auto pilot glided in out of fuel ala Sullenberger 1549 (still intact--no debris).
TV 'news' have to fill their air time with something so they 'blather' on and on without saying anything new sometimes.
This goes for most of the scientist also
the other 1 percent are suicidal....i will ONLY take horse and buggy.....dont tell ma, i am using a lap top with a solar cell out in the barn...signed: Jeremiah Yoder.
Until there is actually some solid proof of the demise of this plane and where it is or where it crashed I will believe nothing, as there is nothing yet to believe .
An additional thought is that when someone who knows what needs to be done speaks most don't listen!!
So all with Doctorate, Phd, Masters, who build things you can't understand are idiots-only you have all the answers? Sorry to bust your bubble of self-importance, but, there are people in the world smarter than you. True, at times they seem hard to find, or maybe just hard to find one's who agree with you.
my plants grow better than yours and my buggy axles never squeak, bryan....yours are noisy and you are going to be shunned by the church.
When you think you have to much smarts you'er really not smart at all
Experts can be anyone a reporter knows. Be it a college professor, law enforcement or a person employed by the government.
david, have you heard any explanations that seem plausible to you?
I thought it was a dime a dozen......
@Scott - to- two-too (too means also or excessive as "too much") your comment would sound better if it said "too many smarts" You're is a contraction of two words, you and are, the apostrophe signifies the "a" in "are" is missing. from someone who does not think they're smart lol
Well said Judy! I particularly found the Alien abduction theory hilarious as that is normally reserved for the over dramatic American market.
@commentator. I'm already shunned by church-actually churches. is churches a word? Oh, almost forgot, what the hll are you talking about?
the sam hill..damnit the sam hill. why do you keep getting the hills confused!!!!!
As for experts: who do you call to fix your plumbing, an electrician? Who runs your service provider nodes-the night janitor? Who figures out what to do with your garbage-landscaper?
Everybody is stupid except for people sitting at home doing nothing-well I boxed myself in-those who have figured out how to sit on their #$%$ and still eat can't be all that dumb.
@ "Having listened to the forever changing assessments by dozens of "experts"" - what's even odder is when they change facts, or what they present as facts. Such as the investigators declaring with certainty that the communication was shut off 'before' the last message, and now it became 'after'. Crucial facts just keep changing in the reports. I never felt the pilots were somehow to blame for the disappearance - if at all, at least not voluntarily. But the attitude turn of the Malaysian investigators sounds just plain odd. Most of all, it resembles having settled on a more or less plausible theory to stick to, so I expect all future evidence to be interpreted to suit this theory. I am doubtful if we ever learn the truth, though I hope so.
bryan, my plumbing aint broke, so why would i call anyone...i usually would wait until they done be broke...you keeps putting the cart before the horse and you'll never get to church that way.
@Charles the term Is "spurt, a drip under pressure". The word drip is important (at least if you're English). But I agree that experts crawl out from under the rocks at the least provocation. I have to deal with "experts" on a daily basis.
Malaysia doesn't understand in the U.S. we're used to at least one #$%$ a week. Not really trashing pilot, just exploring possibilities. We don't know why every now and then somebody shoots 30 people he doesn't even know. Who would have thought somebody would fly into Trade Center-yet they did. Why did McViegh kill dozens of small children in OK-he had his own reasons but others with same view wouldn't kill children. maybe we will never know the why of 370-but I can't agree it doesn't matter.
What if we stopped coming to conclusions before we have either pieces of the plane or recordings from the cockpit, most likely from the black box? When Air France crashed a few years ago, every sign pointed to it crashing into the ocean. However, nothing was confirmed until the debris found in the ocean near the crash site had been tested and confirmed to be debris from that aircraft. Even Australian officials have said that the debris found near this potential crash site might be that of one of the many ships that pass that area; they haven't even confirmed it to be that of the aircraft. The technology used to determine the flight's path is technology we haven't even used before in a real-life scenario. Based solely upon that, I think we need to confirm that the debris is that of the flight before sending the families a text saying that their loved ones perished as their flight crashed into the ocean.
What if they never find it - then all you can do is draw conclusions from the known data. Maybe they all ended up with Gilligan on that island!
R.C. - When the plane carrying Congressmen Nick Begich and Hale Boggs disappeared in Alaska in 1972, it was never found, but I'm quite sure that they are not living on Gilligan's Island. At some point the media has to stop the wild speculation and just admit that the jet is lost and all the passengers and crew are most likely dead. Unfortunately, that point should have been over a week ago.
They found suit cases and all kinds of Debris floating around in the ocean after 447 vanished. Yet this flight nothing is turning up? I guess the black whole in the bottom of the ocean swallowed it all.
People come up with their own theories for the same reason they fill out basketball brackets. If you are right then you can tout that you are a genious.
Christine - To define probable solutions to a mysterious incident.... how is that "wild speculation" ? Besides - Nick and Hale are living married together in the Philippines last I read.
This may seem as a surprise to many, but every pilot is trained in a mechanical problem with the plane. Also: of course those pilots would have done everything to save the plane; they didn't want to die. The first captain left behind a beautiful young wife and two children. The co-pilot undoubtedly had loved ones who now grieve. My heartfeld condolences to the passengers on that plane but also to their poor families; that goes to the pilots and their families as well.
From day one, I've said that the mystery behind the disappearance of flight MH370 is no mystery. From day one I've said that there were no sinister act by the pilots, nor were there any terrorist act as no terrorist group claimed responsibility for a terrorist act. Let's put this together.. A mechanical or structural failure still should have left time for a mayday or distress call from the pilots. That didn't happen so rule that out. From day one I've said that plane had some type of fire on board that filled the cabin with smoke. It is more likely by the time anyone noticed smoke, the fire had already removed the covering on the planes wiring causing them to short out the electronic killing the communication system. At that time time the pilot ( trying to make it either back to the departing airport or the nearest ) turned the plane around but it was a fruitless effort as soon after he made his move, all vital electrical and computer systems went dead. The pilots now had no way to control the plane anymore. Even though it was mentioned that there were lithium batteries being transported the the cargo bay, I wouldn't rule out human error from any ground mechanics.
has any one part or piece of debris been picked up and verified? as far as i know, this 777 is still MIA. the only reasonable reason i can see to take it to SW Indian ocean and crash would be for a suicide mission by some perps. its totally possible the passengers had no idea, other than being a longer than normal flight, but they could have been told anything over the PA. but a crash in SW ocean with a plane this size doesnt just leave nothing unless it belly landed easily, but the waves there are too big to make a easy landing. how and where this plane flew is tied up in the black box. all still a mystery.
This is another pointless opinion piece by a writer who is speculating just like everyone else. The headline reads "The Pilots Tried to Save MH370", which is given as a factual statement, yet the only evidence put forth is to attempt to refute previous speculation about what happened in the cockpit, coupled with an ethereal link to the AF crash to try to imply that the MH pilots were heroic. They may or may not have been, but there is nothing in this empty piece of 'news' that supports anything of the sort. I suggest we all dismiss any future stories by Clive Irving specifically, and 'The Beast' in general. I have yet to see any valid reporting from this organization.
If everyone hasn't learned by now that MEDIA is about Ratings and Money, when will you ever learn? The story changes every hour with ADDED MEDIA DRAMA.... self Inflicted DRAMA all while family's suffer. There is always pressure to Report "Something", report "Anything", never mind the accuracy. Unless the Black Boxes are retrieved and hold some answers the world will really never know. I only have ONE Thought... one tiny thought. What are the chances of two people being on Board THIS particular flight with STOLEN Passports and it just happens to Crash or Disappear? What a coincidence
Too bad 4 American lives didnt warrant more TV ratings with Benghazi!
Sounds to me like you've been caught up in the media drama too. You and Scott.
randell drama is like insulted and compliments there taken not given u can have an opinion as well as watch and or be entertained by something but still not get caught up cause its no big deal if u can shrug at it then it realy does not matter news or not what happens is gonna happen BELIEVE HALF OF WHAT U SEE AND NONE OF WHAT U HEAR end of story :P
Randall, I believe everyone is understandably caught up in this story. The media drama is a sideshow that could easily be eliminated simply by reporting only the facts. Instead, what they're saying is: "That's my story and I'm sticking with it. Unless something more exciting comes along."
Well it worked They got at least 1868 people reading this story.
This story supports, my theory that either something went wrong with the plane, or that the two with stolen passports caused non-traumatic destruction of the plane, and it flew on autopilot or its own until gas ran out. We may never know, because the cockpit voice recorder is on a loop and given the timelines, those recordings were overwritten.
Exactly - key word is 'theory'
Finally some closure for the families. My cousin perished in 1985 on a JAL fligh to Korea. Our family had closure when they found a piece of her calf her mom recognized from a small tatoo in Chinese which was her name. We buried her calf in a gracious ceremony, but the suddeness of her being gone was really devastating as we were all so close. Luckily they settled for a good sum that lessened the blow I guess, but really money is no sub for a lost loved one. I know her mom would have given all the gold in the world to have her baby back. It was too sad to see her suffer until she herself passed on.
This is so sad. After listening on the TV for numerous days hoping for a miracle, I have come to believe that what happened to Flight 370 reveals a new type of terrorism. The terrorists have become more sophisticated. First of all, what initially happened first caught all by surprise. The element of surprise is their way of thinking and doing so makes feel they have already won. But this surprise was very detailed. Secondly, aiming at flying to the middle of the Indian Ocean til they ran out of gas and then crash, follows a fanatical dream of ones thought processes to be totally abnormal. Even though all the news reports deny any chatter among the the major terrorist groups, sooner or later, the silence will be broken. It will have to come out. Now, that is my opinion, and I may be wrong, of which I hope I am, but i just feel it so strongly, that I cannot let go of this belief. My prayers and thoughts for the families and may they receive all the support they need to be strong thru this extremely difficult time in their lives.
There was likely no terrorism. All of the observed behaviors of the plane are indicative of an electrical fire in the cabin.
Apparently the media feels the need to change its own flight plan. Perhaps there are no more ways to vilify the pilots or readership on this subject has been waning. What do they do? Have a round table discussion to come up with another take on this story? This one however has more holes than Swiss cheese. Historically over 80% of airline mishaps (commercial) are the fault of the pilot or co-pilot. Add to this the extremely LOW probability of mid-flight plane failures. Seems like someone is really reaching to keep people reading. Actual cause lies with the black box, if ever retrieved. Until that time only presumptions can be made. Give it a rest.
While I was watching the news they actually pronounced the pilot and co-pilots names in a manner that suggested that they were Muslims. I really couldn't believe it but then ABC has never been known for their intellectual prowess.
Unfortunately the all important BB can be shut off in cockpit.
80% of pilots are blamed but that doesn't mean it's true. A dead pilot can't defend himself can he?
DEAD pilots don't need to - Wreckage is reconstructed as closely as possible. Forensic teams go over everything piece by piece - it is why NTSB takes so long to announce a cause of an accident - even down to some loose wire that caused a spark. It is an amazing science - the single most important aspect is so that any defect can be corrected ASAP. It is why fewer and fewer airline have mechanical or engine caused accidents.
This whole thing stinks. Fishy isn't a strong enough word. The end conclusion is drawn from speculation, not evidence. The search doesn't yield what was expected to be found, so deduct the seemingly obvious, the aircraft crashed into the sea. So, show me some debris positively identified as being a part of the aircraft or a personal belonging of one of the passengers or something. It seems the lack of results from probably the most extensive search performed in recent times is at the very least embarrassing to all the authorities involved and the event is now being down played as a simple crash. I have to wonder if the truth will ever be known and if ever it becomes known, if all the facts will ever truly be disclosed to the public. My heart goes out to the families who obviously must also wonder about the same.
You haven't the foggiest notion of how big an area they are covering. Look a map of the globe and see just how big an area they are covering! Did you see the part where they say it takes the aussies 3 hours to get to where they are looking for the plane? And they are right there!!!
I've had to stop following coverage of this missing plane. It's not that I am not interested or care about it, it is because I can no longer take the non stop erratic ratings driven media reporting. I have been fed up with CNN and can't stand Fox News for a long time now. The news channels need to learn. They are to report the news and that is it. 24 hour coverage and a mentality that says. Breaking News on a story that you will only hear on Channel Such and Such is a disgrace. The pilots on these plane may very well tried to save this plane, from whatever its fate has been. None of us have any knowledge of what happened. Many of the authorities on this flight have nothing and just speculate. I do however believe there are government's, that do more about it than we the public are being told. I think Malaysia is one of them, and I am almost sure the USA is another one. It's just the USA can't completely take over this investigation for obvious reasons. It's another country's airline that originated in their country. Remember the USA feels it is the Worlds policeman, and gods gift to earth. At least the USA gov't comes off that way So for me I am going to stop listening to the news on this plane. That is until I hear some passing news flash, that finalizes this flight and seems authentic. The people on that plane and those searching for them, deserve a lot better than they are getting from officials. .
IF and WHEN flight MH 370 is found..the TRUTH would be.. 1. The brave Pilots tried to SAVE the Plane that either developed a CRACK on its fuselage or a Fire leading to RAPID decompression or LOSS of communication while the Pilots CHANGED (programming the FMS) Course, alter ALTITUDE ((to 12000 feet set in Computer) so passengers could breathe from suffocation. 2. The brave Pilots tried to head for Langkawi airport being shorter flying over the Ocean instead of heading back to Kualalumpur airport (avoiding ridges). By then the Pilots & Passengers were UNCONSCIOUS 3. Very likely the Decompression or SMOKE (due to electrical Fire) had incapacitated the Pilots and all passengers as the ill fated Plane was flying on AUTO PILOT (set while conscious) toward Malacca straight. 4. The plane kept FLYING with entire Crews and passengers likely DEAD due to lack of Oxygen and likely SPOTTED over an atoll in Maldives (south west of India) around 6.00 AM flying for about 1700 miles as it was on auto-Pilot flying over the Indian Ocean. At cruising speed (520 MPH) it would take about 3 Hrs It is interesting to note Malacca and Maldives are located in STRAIGHT line flying WEST. 5. Then perhaps the plane headed toward SOUTH (malfunction in Flight management system..?) FLYING as long as FUEL lasted flying a distance of about 3000 (about 51/2 hours flight distance at cruising speed) miles from Maldives and later PLUNGED inito the Ocean about 1500 miles WEST of Australia The ONLY other possibility is a Missile striking the plane mistaking it to an enemy target as US Navy Warship (USS Vincennes) did on 3 July 1988 firing a missile at IRAN AIR flight 655 killiing 290 mistaking it for an Iranian fighter jet. The US has a military base in Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean.
So the plane flew for 5 1/2 hours AFTER it had been on fire huh, how is that possible? Sounds like the magic bullet theory to me!!
Some of the posts that pilots are trained to aviate, navigate then communicate are true. However, at 35,000' there is little urgency to aviate and navigate. Three would have been plenty of time to communicate. Alaska airlines was communicating with control while both pilots had their hands completly full of a malfunctioning stabilizer. Their last transmission to control was 2 minutes before impact. Read some of these and you'll get an idea of pilots actions and communications during dire emergencies. http://www.planecrashinfo.com/lastwords.htm
People who have never piloted a aircraft do not understand the "aviate, navigate, communicate" rule. We are talking a matter of seconds not minutes. If there was a explosion it would take only a few seconds to gain situational awareness and then to declare a emergency with location and information that they are going to airport X. Also at 35,000 feet the jet could glide down with NO power in about 10 minutes. More than enough time to declare a emergency.
"However, at 35,000' there is little urgency to aviate and navigate"-----navigating may not be too important at 35K, but you certainly still need to aviate............................
@dirt...well, of course you do...need to aviate all the time...emergency or not. Those Alaska Airlines pilots were trying to fly the plane inverted (ref. cockpit voice transcripts) in an attempt to regain control of a plane that had its horizontal pegged against the stop. Those two pilots literally had their hands and feet full of a plane going out of control yet they were communicating with control. With Malaysia, there was power to the auto-pilot indicating there was power to the panel indicating there was power to the redundant radios. It was not an inflight emergency otherwise they most certainly would have called controll
The FBI has the flight simulator and both pilots computers. How long should it take to have some kind of information as to what was in those hard drives including erased files supposedly. More and more this whole disaster is getting to look like a joke on the part of all instigators. I feel terrible of the hardship of those relatives that are awaiting to some concrete news and all they get is lot of BS for some reason. I am convinced that some one knows something that is not being disclosed. I HOPE I AM WRONG.
I don't think they found anything. Unlesss the hard drive have been reformatted, recovery of data shouldn't take more than a day....even a saavy techcie from home can perform this task.
This has become a circus. Too many conflicting stories. The plane is lost. Wreckage hasn't been found. After 16 days there are no definitive answers. I'm not staying tuned anymore and will wait until either wreckage is found and confirmed to be of the missing plane and/or the black box is found which we all know may or may not happen. I feel horrible for the families because they have the right to know what happened and they've been taken through a horrific roller coaster of emotions and stories. What a nightmare!
The author says that the hard drive of the home computer has been sent to the FBI and that the result was "zilch." I stopped following the story closely after the first week as the coverage was wall-to-wall of nothing new but I never heard that the FBI was finished examining the hard drive and announced that there was zero to report. Sounds like the author has reached his conclusion and is laying out the facts to support that conclusion, even if premature. And the point of his article is to blame the Malaysian gov't for doing essentially the same thing.
I think, if they found anything, they would have let it be known. No info = nothing there!
This whole story is like the one you go on vacation. The person watching your animals. Begins to tell you the cat went out the doggie door. Has climbed up on the roof. Then jumped into the neighbors yard. Where their dog ate the cat. The moral to the story is. Information seems to have been sending searchers in many directions. Has been misleading and makes you wonder. Are we being told the truth? The actions of many is disgusting including the media. I feel for the family and friends of those missing. Hope they can one day find some peace.
A true mystery. If the plane is found, we may still never know what happened. The free world reads different stories, accounts from different sources and then we speculate what happened. We all grieve for the families of the passengers/crew. New information comes forth every day and will continue to do so. I, personally, have learned more from the comment sections than the news stories themselves. My current take: Pilots not involved in any "plots " and behaved professionally, even heroically. Bogus passports on Iranians - not connected, simply bad luck for them. Tampering with mechanical stuff on the ground to sabotage or bomb in suitcase - entirely possible, maybe likely. Fire on board -almost a certainty. Plane rises to help suffocate fire then descends. A pilot or pilots still in some control, changing direction but passengers already asphyxiated. Once auto pilot set, it's locked in - can't change and fire " freeze's" it, set at 12,000 ft. Pilots finally overcome. Run out of gas. Malaysian officials are simply ignorant, overwhelmed by political powers and world press. Probably being told what to say at this point but left on their own the first week - just " winging it ". Boeing knows what happened, but cannot say due to the inevitable lawsuits or due to political pressure, but they are playing the waiting game, as a for-profit corporation will on advice of legal. Prayers for the deceased and their families.
A lot of people have their own theory of what *really* happened, even though, at this point, no one can prove anything. How's about just saying, "We don't know at this point." Makes sense, right? Then why don't we do the same thing with religions? Simply say, "This sounds good to me--but I honestly don't know at this point." But it seems many humans will defend to the death--not just theirs, but others' deaths--the things they honestly don't know at this point.
Not for governments. They need to control everyone and everything and any grey areas send them scrambling to give the appearance that they are in control. No one can convince me that if governments were abolished that the world would be worse off.
EXCEPT, that what we have been told suggests that it was NOT an accident ..... Yes, I know all the information is unreliable.
A pilot having a flight simulator isn't strange at all. How many of us have deleted files on our computers? It never made sense to me for a pilot to take the plane to the middle of nowhere only to ditch it in the ocean. Who's to say someone didn't hijack the plane remotely? Is that even possible, scary as it would be? All the news and experts are doing is just guessing. There's no proof of anything yet. Who made those maneuvers? Does it make sense in an emergency to make those maneuvers then put the auto pilot back on if they're looking for a place to land? Would that happen automatically? I'm not an expert but what we've been told doesn't make sense either.
Cool Plane Safety Idea: If everyone on a plane is dead (pilots included or at least if both pilots are dead,,, they should wear something like a heart monitor with back ups etc?) then the plane should have some gismo that sets the auto pilot to plan B if they are dead due to toxic fumes etc,,, (then the gismo heads the plane out to sea to prevent it from crashing on populated areas or starting forest fires etc...) Just a thought.
Why does the voice recorder only record the last 2 hours but the data one records the past 24 hours? How hard is it to have the voice one also record 24 hours? Not hard at all I am sure... so dhhhhaaaa...
In stead of a floating cushion under my seat, I would rather have all the seats be ejection seats with parachutes... or at least put a chute under my seat and open the door when over land...
Sure, it just costs lots of money and isnt useful in 99.99% of situations.
Yea like having voice recorders keep 24 hrs vs only 2 hours of conversations... OK...
I'm still confused as to why the plane continued to fly for almost 8 hours. If there was some kind of catastrophe why did it fly back over Malaysia and Indonesia and proceed all the way out to the Indian Ocean? How could the plane continue to fly for 8 hours after a mechanical failure that was bad enough to make them feel like they couldn't continue on course to Beijing? I'm not an aviation expert but it seems to me there should be plenty of places in all of Malaysia and Indonesia to find a suitable landing spot.
If you confused go see a doctor,, and stop asking questions that will never be answered.
Think Malaysian Airlines has paid posters already infiltrating yahoo.
You need to get your colleagues expressing their opinion in this. This looks like a military exercise and that pilot does not sound like a hijacker or whatever peeps are making him out to be.
All we know is that the people on the plane have disappeared. The ones at lost are the victims and their love ones. Every week, they change the story. All I could say there is more to this story than what it is being said. They keep feeding us lies so they could appease us. However, we are not idiots. We know there is more. The government and the airline know that. The most unbelievable fact: "With all the technology available a plane had managed to disappear right under a nose". They are ashamed to face this reality and of course they must speculate all sort of theory to cover their the flaws of the system. On that note all I can say is the following: "My prayers go out to the victims and their love ones, the one who are really at lost in tragic story"
Unfortunately, I don't think anyone will truly know what happened on flight MH370 besides the people that were on that plane. Many "Experts" will say this and that, trying to figure out what happened, whether it was a deliberate action or not. I like to lean towards the opinions of that the pilots were trying to do the right thing and not that they were deliberately crashing the plane. I like to believe that we have have more good in this world than bad and its a shame the first thing people think are negative things. Although, some opinions may lead us in the right direction and shed more light on the situation, no one can truly say what happened on that flight. I am very heartbroken over the incident and it truly saddens me on what the family of the loved ones on the flight are going through right now. I will keep them in my thoughts and prayers as they go through this very hard time in their life. A quote that has stuck with me for a long time is a quote by Franklin D Roosevelt and he said, "There are as many opinions as there are experts".
Negative is not the first thing people think. It's the first thing they're shown when they watch the very first news segment covering a topic. Immediately, we're trained (by the media) to believe that the wild speculation they're throwing around with reckless abandon holds truth when, in fact, its all a guess provided to drive viewership. The media makes us think this way and many don't seem to be able to GoogleFu the facts.
That is the correct approach. Fox News was all over the place trying to manufacture another incident implicating the "terrorists".
Put yourself in the pilots seat of that plane. If it was you or I flying that plane then I think it is safe to say we would have done anything we could to save our own #$%$ and all the p#$%$engers. At least it's an alternative thought from what has been painted by some idiot's. Amen
@barry I've been leaning to toward a decompression event, similar to the one that happened aboard Payne Stewart's plane, years ago. Very different planes, though. It seems unlikely that, if conscious, the pilots wouldn't have been able to go on O2. Your smoke suggestion seems a bit more likely to me. Nothing nefarious, just tragic.
I think ultimately they will piece together an accurate picture of what happened on that plane. I also think the pilots probably did whatever they could, but ended up not being able to do anything at all with total loss of control.
Unfortunately this story is much like all of the others at this point,pure speculation.Until the wreckage is found and the black boxes are raised,if possible,no one knows anything.The article gives a plausible explanation,or theory, but if it's true then something still isn't right with the whole event.It would seem incredible that a plane could fly that far while "trying to be saved" by the pilots.It's not like this plane did a u-turn and then went down an hour later.It flew for quite some time after the turn and it would take a unique set of events to have led to equipment failures with no means of communication or traceability while flying for hours.Time will tell us these answers and may the families who lost loved ones find peace and comfort.
If they were all unconscious or dead, the auto-pilot would keep the plane on a straight run until it ran out of gas!
The point of this story is simple: until there's a plausible explanation, why make the pilots scapegoats? If it turns out that this was a deliberate act there will be the remainder of eternity to damn them; if not, regaining their reputations will be nearly impossible due to the insistence of the Malaysian government that they were to blame.
@Phyl,I agree but didn't one of the early stories report that the autopilot had been taken off?The big turn almost says that would be true.
It would be by far better for everyone if the speculation would just stop. Only after a full and thorough investigation should you release information. The anxiety of the families of lost loved ones are compounded with daily doses of frequently changing theories. Give the grieving families a chance to breath and regroup. Until you have solid answers, shut the hell up. There is nothing to be gained by all the speculation except for those wishing to get press exposure with their current theories about what transpired. It's true about the press ... if it bleeds, it leads.
I so agree. This is most likely an accident. In the process of all this unqualified speculation, the reputations of the pilots have been destroyed.
In principle, you are right, the problem is, they may never find the plane to conduct a "full and thorough investigation" .. that is why the world is speculating ..
Is it really surprising that the media & all the TV pundits had it wrong? This plays out again & again. Nosey bored viewers & Internut news addicts demand minute by minute updates that are often completely wrong. Media outlets with 24 hours of air time to fill shovel oodles of pointless BS at their audience & their audience gustily gobbles it down. Then, when they're proven wrong, they quickly forget this plain fact, reset & start the same process over again with the next crisis or tragedy.
No one knows what happened to this plane, and it passengers. This is all speculation on someone's part. This is why I pay little attention to today's media. If an "unknown source" tells them something from the source's own speculation, the media reports it as such. Today's media for the most part has little credibility in reporting. They are owned by others who tell them what to report, and how to report it. I suspect taking the pilots off the hook in this instance it more for the benefit of the airline, than factual reporting. After yesterdays report that "all lives lost" this event is already in the hands of lawyers who will be representing the survivors of the lost lives on this flight. Also it needs to be remembered that China has a special interest in the loss of their people, since 2/3 of those lost were Chinese. That's why I never thought this was a terrorist act. Why would any country in that part of the world want to #$%$ off China by killing, or the taking as hostages those Chinese citizens. If they did, China would just simply invade the country at fault, and do a way those folks.
YOU ARE A MORON ..... but I will not say that you are a moron, I would never comment that you are a moron ... it is the purpose of this comment to point out that no one knows for sure that you are a Moron and that no one should speculate (like you just did) that you are a moron. .. Of Course they are LYING OUT THEIR #$%$!!! we all can see that ... Your comments on China are ....moronic ..... China would not invade Malaysia .... not enough natural resources to steal and too many poor Malaysian mouths too feed .... and who said it was terrorism??? .... EVEN your First words are inaccurate "No one knows what happened" ..... you are a naïve moron.
@Fred Garvin - The Chinese have a saying "the first person who calls another a name has run out of intelligent things to say".
If MH 370 experienced a failure which disrupted power to the transponder and data recorder, the cabin's pressure/oxygen system and the the backup oxygen system, the pilots could have programmed the flight director to take a course to a nearby airfield and to descend to 12,000 feet in hopes of restoring oxygen to breathable levels. But the crew could have become incapacitated and passed out (time of useful consciousness at 35,000 feet is 30 - 60 seconds and the temperature is around minus 65 degrees Fahrenheit), leaving the autopilot to fly the plane on the new heading until fuel ran out. Once the fuel was exhausted, the Boeing 777 would have descended and crashed in the Indian Ocean, producing large pieces of debris (vs mid-air breakup) which are consistent with recent debris sightings.
I never thought that either pilot had some "sinister" plan to wreck the plane. I am sooo sick of the media making a mockery out of situations, and defaming people when they cant defend themselves. I had the rawest, most heated arguement with my own mother about this. "They say the pilot had mental health issus" she said. I said, so, so does the majority of the people that walk on the planet. That doesnt mean he crashed the plane. STOP BASHING PEOPLE AND MAKING UP THESE LIES NEW MEDIA. YOU ALL ARE THE ONES WITH THE MENTAL HEALTH ISSUES. Let these families grieve in peace and the families of the flight crew as well. I believed in the pilots and supported they did nothing wrong from day one!!! That is all.
I have never thought it was the pilots either. I was leaning more toward the 2 passengers with fake ids and all the ones that didn't get on at the last minute. Like maybe muslims who were warned at last minute not to get on the flight. Cause kinda weird i think not one muslim passenger on board. And I think it was shot down. I have thought that from the get go.
Yeah not the pilots or the fake id guys - their innocent sins were soon exposed within hours. It's more along the lines of google - Voice of Russia Malaysia airlines
This is growing tedious... I look at how goofed up our government is in the USA with a lot of stuff, but the Malaysian government takes the cake for a completely discombobulated, perhaps entirely botched, "investigation" and I use that term loosely, as this doesn't exactly seem to meet the criteria of anything remotely professional or conclusive. Who in their right mind would turn OFF the transponder and other electronic monitoring equipment to "save" the plane? What sort of ignorance is that? How can it be helpful, in any way, to remove any ability for authorities to find out where a plane is going, as some sort of effort to "save the plane". Please, give me a break. I'm not even willing to accept that the plane was ditched, or crashed, I still feel there is too much evidence otherwise.
Plenty of blame falls on the Malaysian gov't for handling this poorly, including searchers first looking in the South China Sea (for which the searchers' home countries should bill the Malaysian gov't). But as with cases such as murder you have to follow the evidence and challenge the basics. If a child goes missing you must question the parents and clear them. As far as I know, the crew of the Malaysian flight has not been cleared so they remain on the list. The Daily Beast author is incorrect when he says the two in the cockpit "...will never be able personally to answer for the fate of their airplane. Dead men cannot defend themselves." The black box may well answer the questions in their own voices. I had to read the part about switching off the systems more than once and I still don't understand the explanation the author gives. The action is not simply flipping switches but requires actively removing a fuse (according to a decades-long flight captain I know). If you were aware enough to disable various systems why wouldn't you communicate with the ground to tell them your status or heading (assuming that radio is working, but why would it have failed if multiple other systems be functioning)? I'm not saying that the flight deck crew deliberately crashed the plane but my money is on human error (or deliberate act) rather than mechanical failure and the error is more likely the cockpit crew than some world wide mystery that could involve any of us equally.
The title of this article is very misleading. There's no definitive proof "the pilots tried to save MH370" one way or the other. I still can not accept that if they were both still in charge of the plane that one of them could not make some sort of distress call in almost an hour of flying between the first turn and when it headed south. This plane is loaded with backup systems. And if they got low enough and were near some cell phone towers over land, one of them could have placed a cell call. Then there's the obvious problem in this article's theory of why the plane climbed to cruising altitude and headed out into the middle of the Indian Ocean (it had to have climbed because flying at 12,000 feet, it would have run out of fuel long before it reached the current search area. Neither of them may have been at fault. It's possible a third person or person tried to hijack the plane somewhere, they failed, and in the struggle, the plane became depressurized and disabled, and headed off to oblivion. In any case, we'll never know unless the black boxes are found.
This complete BS story was brought to you by the Insurance company that will be sued and must pay compensation to everyone. As a retired ATP Licensed Pilot I will tell you that this story is complete trash. In an event of an emergency the pilots will not turn off the Transponders, will not turn off the ACARS, will not cease all communications with Air Traffic Control and Home Base and will not take the Aircraft up to 45,000. Foot Altitude. The story is complete "Rubbish" and we have not heard the last of this Aircraft !
The author, Clive Irving, sounds like an apologist trying to swim counter to the current of evidence. I'd agree with him if he was simply counselling the reader to keep an open mind until all the facts were in hand, but his column reads like a propaganda piece scolding the reader for even considering foul play. Comparing AirFrance 447 and the fabrication of the Captain's stereotypical French lifestyle with the very unusual behavior of MH370's flight crew is a transparent attempt at negating the impact of what is known about the flight. Keep an open mind until a preponderance of evidence leads the logical mind to a conclusion.
Ok..I was there here is what really happened...Its called rapid de-compression. Imagine you walk into a room and there is NO oxygen, how long are you going to last, maybe a minute if your lucky. Everyone on the plane died long before it ran out fuel 7 hours later. Whatever heading the auto pilot was set at the plane continued on that course until it crashed into the sea. The pilot was probably not in the cockpit at the time of the decompression, the copilot was on his very first solo flight on a 777, he probably panic with so many things happening at once,forgot to put on his oxygen mask, lost consciousness from lack of O2 and the rest is history. If there was a pilot alive in the cockpit the plane would not have flown on one heading for 7 hours and crash into one of the isolated areas in the world. There would have been some attempt to ditch the plane or land somewhere.
You know, I felt like they were jumping the gun by accusing the pilot. Now all of a sudden they are saying evidence points to the fact that the pilot may have tried to save the plane. Remind me that your not suppose to trust everything you hear in the news. Way to smear someone who was actually trying to save himself and the planes passengers. The news media needs to get the facts before they start running their chops but no, ratings are more important to them, it seems. Where did this crazy theory begin anyway. It does make you wonder if there was some hidden agenda there. I really don't know what to believe. Next week they may be back to accusing the pilots again. Who knows what really went on. I just hope the families of all the people on this plane can have some closure and help dealing with the loss of their loved ones.
Christina32 The one thing you said which is the honest truth. (.REMIND ME THAT YOUR NOT SUPPOSE TO TRUST EVERYTHING YOU HEAR IN THE NEWS.) This should be written under every new report that comes across my news feed. Anyone can lie about anyone without checking the facts and it spreads like wildfire. Tell the truth about someone and no one believes it anymore. This is what has become of the "news" we listen to everyday. I for one don't believe anything anymore unless I hear it from the horses mouth and even then I use the smartest thing God gave me, "my brain" to weigh out the truth...Our news has become so polluted with lies and innuendoes'. No one fact checks anything before they spew out the biggest lies that may or may not be true about someone. I could name a few I would never trust, but after listening to all the scenarios and blatant lies on this lost plane which must hurt the waiting families deeply, my faith in getting any truthful news anymore is naught to none..
enjoyed your comment katie. So true.
LOST OF ALL LIVES & STILL LOST OF AIRCRAFT ...? MALAYSIAN AIRLINES MISSING MYSTERY FOLDED WITHOUT A RAPER SIGN THE DOUBT REMAIN IN HEARTS OF THE PEOPLE FOREVER BECAUSE OF 'NO EVIDENCE OF FINAL REPORT AS SAID BY PRIME MINISTER OF MALAYSIA YESTERDAY.'. THE STELLITE OF USA,CHINA,AUSTRALIA DID NOT WORK BUT BRITISH DATE EXPLORE THE PLANE LOCATION AND ALSO CONFIRM THE LOST OF ALL LIVES ? DON'T WE THINK THIS IS STRANGE AND UNACCEPTABLE TO MANKIND ? MYSTERY OF MISSING ARICRAFT IS MORE IMPORTANT NOT ONLY TO SEARCH OF PASSENGERS OR ARICRAFT ? MOST IMPORTANT IS THAT " WHAT HAPPENED TO AIRCRAFT..? WAS ITS PULLED DOWN BY HUGE DEVICE OR PULLED UP IN AIR BY SATELLITE OR ALLEINS ? THIS IS HAPPENED TO NOW ONE AIRCRAFT, THIS MIGHT OCCUR MORE INFUTURE SO WHERE IS THE SECURITY OF AIR PASSENGERS ? WHO WILL TAKE FLIGHT TO TRAVEL..? AFTER FALL OF 9/11 IN 2011 MANY AIRLINES MERGED WITH OTHER AIRLINES AND MANY SHUT DOWN THEIR PROJECTS DUE TO HEAVE LOSS AND POOR PASSENGER LOAD..SO WHAT WILL HAPPEN NOW AFTER MISSING ONE LATEST JUMBO FLIGHT AND NEXT WHO IS ? AND HOWMANY PASSENGERS ? TO REMAIN AIRLINE TRAFFIC ON THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT TO GET VALID WITH EVIDENCE OF MISSING ARICRAFT OR ITS ITS DEBRIS OR ITS PASSENGERS CLOTHES AND LIGHT USERS, IF THE AIRCRAFT CRASH INTO WATER SO SOME OF THE LIGHT AND WEIGHTLESS OBJECTS MUST FLOAT OVER WATER..OVER 2.97 MILLIONS MILES SEARCH AND DID NOT FIND A SINGLE OF EVIDENCE OF FLOATING IN WATER SO HOW MALASYSIAN MINISTER CONFIRMED THE DEATH OF ALL LIVES AND AIRCRAFT LOCATION IN SOUTHERN PART OF INDIAN OCEAN ..? I ASSUME IATA (INTERNATIONAL AIRLINELINE TR5AVEL ASSOCIATION) AND OTHER AIRLINES ASSOCIATION OF PILOTS AND EXECUTIVES MUST STUDIES IN THIS SUBJECT BECAUSE THIS IS AN IMPORTANT TO REMAIN THEIR PLAIN IN AIR WITH SECURITIES AND RUN THEIR BUSINESS SMOOTHLY ? An Ex Management Staff of Pan Am and Northwest Airlines. Wajid Khan﻿..(New York)
OK,heard enough of nothing, I'm just a stupid underpAAid licensed aircraft mechanic that works on these planes daily,first the plane is run by wires,second please check fuel load, third what was the last signal readings the engines sent EICAS messages, the EECU sends all engine parameters to a computer which can be read from the ground which in turn tells the health of the engines. N1 and N2 speeds,throttle position etc. This info is sent 30-1hr depending on the frequency it was programmed to send info. This info, with fuel load,engine output and last reading will lead you to the missing plane through triangulation. We are not being supplied with all parameters required. It's Boeing's plane, they have the means of knowing what was ordered for this plane. Now whether it was maintained up to FAA standards, by licensed mechanics...I'm not holding my breath on that one. I can say this much, going with dropping to a lower altitude for depressurization -yes, but having a problem with placing the plane on auto pilot after a major problem and flying in a straight line,no. Turning off the transponder,does not turn off the plane. There Batteries,Generators,APU,Primary and secondary systems for electrical........the list goes on.
Somebody could assume that the pressure at the bottom of the Indian Ocean would brake apart this plane. Something should be afloat regardless of the storms and waves.
Roger, just a stupid question, if you will: where is the computer with the EICAS msg's? Who has access to it? Is your opinion that this was a deliberate act? Thanks for your info.
CEML-Continues Engine Monitoring Log is a computer that will read what is going on within the plane electronics and all systems. The EICAS is the display the pilots see within the cockpit. The CEML will read any faults and "hard faults" which would require a Licensed underpAAid mechanic like myself and troubleshoot the problem and repair. Info is collected all the time and is then sent out 30-60 mins. To be monitored,This can be monitored by tech service and see problems before even the pilots are aware there is a problem. This plane really is a flying computer. And as for the deliberate act? I personally would like to think not. Sounds like an altitude adjustment if the plane depressurized. People have to breath. Crew O2 with a full bottle,two people 45-1 hr taking into account panic breathing etc. There are a lot of unanswered questions. Sounds like plane was on auto pilot and flew until it flamed out. Black boxes have the same info the CEML sends out but are build to withstand just about anything a pilot can do to a plane and more. And as far as things floating,seat cushions,vests and door slides which are used as boats. There are many things that will float within this plane.
I don't know what to believe personally. I keep seeing all these varying reports but the only ones that have been confirmed (aka actually cited as being said by a government organization or official) are the ones saying that they didn't radio in, the devices where 'systematically' switched off, and that they changed course. Everything else, including this whole articular, is just speculation by the media. It could have been the pilots, it could have been terrorists, heck it could have been a large ball lighting that suddenly crashed through the plain and took out it's electronics for all we know!?!? All I know is until they find wreckage and say it was a fluke, I'm not going to believe it was a fluke... sorry.
Exactly, Haley... My 10-year-old son said a week ago, "Maybe it was lightening, Mom." Leaves me to wonder.
How about no one knows for sure what happened, and we won't know until (at least) we can find the wreckage and get the black boxes. The pilots may have erred; a pilot may have decided to commit suicide; an unimaginable emergency may have happened; they may have been hijacked. Based on the prolonged pinging of the engine maintenance system, it sounds like that plane was aloft for a LONG time after leaving the airspace. There is plenty of reason to suspect intentional harm.
Poor Malaysian government. First, it went the usual Asian route -- not suspect any foul play and not announce consequential of suspicion speculation until there is clear evidence of one -- and the whole world, two super powers -- who are contentious in the region though one is far from it -- accused it of covering up sinister act. So, being predominantly Muslim and with the way the super powers feel about and do to some Muslim nations, it has to come out saying and doing something along the big guys' thinking to appease them. Then, the poor country couldn't afford to do all the search and rescue procedures the first world expect so it some first world citizens accuse it of being cold hearted thus not asking developed world for help - this accusation is made in spite of all the super power past and present and future having already sent their navy ships and equipment, which the super powers had said could see to the core of the earth from space, to the country's surrounding sea water and could not really find anything. Between the speculations of the media of the world and citizens of the world, thank to the Internet, the families of victims were worked into unbearably unbearable strength of grief. They thus think their beloved are alive somewhere (which is exactly what many American posters on Yahoo right here had posted), now think the Malaysian government has lied for sinister reason (which many American posters on Yahoo also posted) and likely demand some revenge measures or threat from their government which was made one of the five great powers after WWII and is made one of the new great powers, by Western media. So today we see this article. I can't help but suspect the elite gang on our end -- the West -- may have seen the incident as an opportunity to stir up some flames which prep a little poor nation to be target for the next war profiteering pawn. After all, the current symbolic leader has gotten where he is with a team whose motto is "never let a crisis go to waste", which has also been the foreign-policy-motto of our government since 1945 if one examine history of the world since.
So, Clive Irving, the author of the article opens up by trashing Malaysians for thrashing the pilots. Somewhat self-righteous of you, huh, Mr. Irving? So, who died and made you an expert in determining what happened? I am not blaming the pilots for anything sinister, but let me ask this question: IF the pilots were trying to save the plane from the causes you stated, why did they not ever communicate their intentions to airtraffic control in Malaysia or in Vietnam? If they had the time to turn the direction of the plane, surely they could have said "May Day ... May Day ... plane on fire or depressurizing ... need to emergency land." Stupid article written by someone who thinks he knows everything.
Clive is a turd . And also on barrys payroll as well as in line to kiss the kings heiny in person.
"why did they not ever communicate their intentions to airtraffic control in Malaysia or in Vietnam?" If the radios are inop what are they suppose to use...megaphones?
The speculation is that there was a major incident that caused (directly or indirectly) the loss of electrical power to the cockpit - thus the pilots could not communicate their situation because their radios were dead. Despite the fact that there are redundant electrical busses, there are nevertheless several perfectly plausible scenarios whereby that situation could occur (one being sudden thick smoke in the cockpit which could result in the pilots pulling the electrical busses as an immediate emergency action if they thought the smoke was caused by a serious electrical fault). Certainly it has a greater probability than any of the more sinister theories I have heard. The satellite transponder is situated about halfway down the fuselage and so would be on a different electric bus. You will find that this was the direction of the speculation by qualified pilots on the various forums since the very beginning, and the media is only now beginning to catch up.
Seems a drastic design fault then if this is true and you need to pull out the main wiring to your only means of communication!! Ridiculous!
The author sounds like a tabloid writer with this implication. Gee, if the aircrew was doing heroic things, why were communication devices turned off? And why didn't anyone contact someone on the ground to declare an emergency?? Supposedly, that plane flew for hours with no communications. The only communication was from the engines which (as far as I've read) did not indicate troubles. It's time that the media begin respecting the surviving families and stop trying to write stories that are meant to be sensational.
as for cell phones assuming the plane lowered to 12,000 feet as it veered Westerly over the border of Malaysia and Thailand (just google it) that would make the distance from land just a little over 2 miles and YES you can pick up cell towers ... from both countries ... sometimes better from a straight-line skyward than you could down in a valley. I have snuck my cell phone on at times to take a photo, and before I had a chance to switch to "Airplane mode" i was surprised to get a strong signal at 15K feet while heading to cruising and my texts would download before switching to Airplane mode (so I could just use the camera). Next, I know you are not NOT supposed to have cell phones turned on but in the event of a catastrophe, dropping to 12k feet - I would suspect someone would have tried out of 270 passengers just like they did before crashing in Pennsylvania on 9-11
There is no evidence here. It just reads like the conjuncture of an apologist desperate to blame big bad Boeing in the name of political correctness. Assuming the copilot was trying to save the plane, while the pilot was schmoozing it up in first class, why didn't they send out a distress call? Changing course without sending out a mayday is like driving the wrong direction on the freeway. It just isn't done by anyone with an ounce of common sense. And before you start screaming "THERE ARE NO CELL TOWERS IN THE INDIAN OCEAN!!1111" there was a satellite phone for every seat in first class. "Well, gosh," you say. "They all went dead because of the fire." Then surely one of the first class passengers would have whipped out his own satellite phone and said, "sorry about that" to his boss and resumed a conversation we surely would have heard about by now. These are affluent Asia business people. Of course some of them would have phones that aren't teethered to cell towers. They certainly wouldn't be exchanging smalltalk with the captain while the plane was in flames. I can see only two scenerios: 1) Rogue pilot killing everyone on board. 2) A fire in the cargo hold that leaked toxic gases that impaired the pilots thinking and killed everyone quickly. Sadly, 1 seems more likely than 2, since the authorities would rather not tell people what little they know.
Im confused. I thought the pilots stole the plane and killed everyone. Now the movie is going to suck. I think the media is more to blame for all the misinformation.
people asking who turned off the transponder and the acar, maybe a fire in the cockpit, like with the 777 in egypt, has happened before without cause...imagine it happening in the air, pilot try to figure out the safest route, system failure, plane drops in altitude, becomes uncontrollable... too much of the information has been irresponsible, and the families going thru this have been tortured by the event itself but futher more from the speculation, if there's anything they can do with the technology, find the plane, and retrieve the passengers so they can be given proper burial, the families and world would be thankful...
U.S. doesn't believe Egypt air crash theory-U.S. believes it was intentional act by Pilot.
Mr Clive Irwing(yes, you, the writer of this article), Please get your fact right before writing something like this. Here a some FACT (and can be Proven TODAY): 1) It was NOT the Malaysian authority that claim the Pilot is a opposition party supporter and painted his as a anti government terrorirst, It was one of your "Media guy" from UK and put out this theory and all you media pick it up without questioning its valiadity. 2) Home simulators - Malaysia authority were (and HAVE to) investigate into this. This is std procedure and It fact they were strongly criticize by the rest of the world for NOT investigating it. WHen the do, Before the authority have a chance to even investigate, The Media were running all sorts of theories of their own and STart interviewing all sort of expert That were thousand of miles away and Have NO ties to the case...(Plus, they were mostly retired "expert"! HEre's just two examples, And I am sure they were more in your article that were base-less (at least for now) that other will gladly chime in. Show some professionism and check your story before publishing article like this, Otherwise, may I suggest switching to writing fiction books. NO facts needed there.
Meanwhile FBI experts in the US are continuing to examine the hard drive of a flight simulator seized from Zaharie’s home after it emerged that programs he used on it had been deleted. Zaharie used the home flight simulator to practise extreme landings, including on remote Indian Ocean islands such as the US air base in Diego Garcia, investigators have revealed. The hard drive was flown to the FBI laboratory in Quantico, Virginia, at the end of last week after Malaysian investigators failed to retrieve the deleted files, which they suspect may have been ‘buried’ in an elaborate process to cover the user’s tracks. The delay in handing the computer hard drive to the FBI has proved to be a source of friction between the Malaysian and US investigators, the source close to the FBI said, adding: ‘We have the technology to do this work quickly and effectively and they simply don’t.’ Malaysia’s acting transport minister Hishammuddin Hussein yesterday said investigators are coming under increasing pressure as they are aware that time is running out — the black box voice and data recorder only transmits an electronic signal for about 30 days before its battery runs out. But he claimed a thorough investigation of the plane’s cargo manifest had not shown “any link to anything that may have contribution to the plane’s disappearance”.
With so much technology out there, I can't believed someone hasn't come up with an invention o fsome sort where in case of a commercial airplane emergency where pilots experince is not able to save the plane, why couldn't there be a system built within the black box where it could be shoot up from the plane before crashing, exploting or any sort of accident. Just like military jet fighters pop out of their cockpit when the jet is going to crash or explode, why can't there be something like that built fro the black box, and make sure this is a floatable material in order to better recuperate the black box. Come on you experts out there, put your minds together and come up with a solution for these type of incidents, I am sure there's more than enough money in the FAA and commercial airlines organizations to get something like this be a reality.
That's a racist remark. Watch what you say about the black box.
mmmmmm technology is one side on other hand ,when we need proof of anything, technology gets faulty.......... so maddening and funny.....
First the Malaysian government says it could have been a highjacking or sabotage, THEN they decided to treat it as a CRIMINAL investigation by saying flight controls were disabled intentionally, NOW they are saying it WASN'T criminal and that the pilots may have been trying to "save" the plane. These dumb #$%$ don't know what they are talking about. I am so grateful nobody I loved was onboard that plane. How inconsistent this investigation has been handled, is totally amazing to me…...
Right on, Brian! It's so easy to understand why the victims' families are so distraught and angry over the whole situation, along with the media cameras in their faces. Receiving texts on a so called conclusion is just wrong!
Sorry. I'd still like to see some hard physical evidence of a confirmed debris field of flotsam. There has to be something out there somewhere. This aircraft model has a remarkable safety record … before everyone tries to place the blame on the jet … find something and prove it. Most crashes are due to human error … either in the flight management of the acft or some shoddy maintenance that was accomplished in the near or in some cases, very distant past.
Could be neither. There were stories of a signficant cargo of lithium batteries. That can give a situation of fire and toxic fumes.
I think the monster riding on the wing ripping out the wiring brought it down. My theory is as good as y'alls.
Can anyone answer this: Why was no transmissions of any kind sent when the plane encountered trouble? I know that you can argue they were too busy yada yada, but it would have only taken 5 seconds to report what was happening (as a matter of fact they could have multi-tasked and sent communication at same time they were dealing with fire or whatever). I think reaction to send a message would have been instinctual for you and me as laypersons. Yes or No. Go. I want a lot of theories and replies.
You are assuming that whatever happened on board the aircraft did not take out their communications systems at the same time it took out their transponder system.
Brian, correct, I am making that assumption. But remember they are other many other ways to communicate distress (cell phones, visual wing dipping, etc,)
Your absolutely correct, sqwak in on 7700 and declare a MAYDAY, establish emergency communications and have ground personnel provide you with a work through as to your current problem. This is common practice. Additionally it is likely someone onboard had a sattellite phone, given their list of clientelle. Something does not wash out here.
Thanks Devil's Guard for closing that loophole .To me, the greatest mystery in all of this, is not the course change, terrorism, where they flew, etc. but why no communication, Solve than and you solve the whole enchilada.
How refreshing, a poster who asks for replies all of which are valid and followed by a reply back. Not a single stupid comment so far, no swearing or accusations regarding anybody`s mental capabilities. Thanks Bob! To chuck my own hat into the ring I think it`s very easy to say "So and so should have done this or I would have......" Humans a fallible, we all make mistakes and do something that if we had thought it through would have resulted in a better outcome. I know that I have in the past so I suspect has everybody who reads this and, people being people will almost certainly do so again. As I said, it`s easy to say "He should have...." but, until we actually are in the same or similar situation we can not tell exactly what we would do, how we would react. Sometimes the inborn "self preservation response will kick in, but there are times when a "Mister Average" will do something heroic that you`d never think that they could do. Other times it`s the other way around. Anyway, there`s a reply for you Bob, I hope that you have a good day.
That's fair Fra, Adomnan, but the fallibility of a pragmatic trained mind is far less likely than a layperson's. These were highly trained individuals who knew exactly what was at stake and were in the moment. Granted, they probably also knew that a distress call was futile since aid could not be rendered while they were airborne, and would be quite academic during and after a freefall crash, but they also had to know that unless they put forth an explanation as to the causation of their inevitable demise, that there legacies and the endings of all their passengers would be forever shrouded in mystery and slanderous speculation. Think about it. Better to tweet out what is transpiring than to allow the post-mortem armchair pilots such as us speculate ad infinitum, no?
Bob. Wing dipping? At night? With no other planes around? Cross that one off. Cell phones? Have you ever tried to make a call over the ocean at 36000 feet? No towers. No Cel Reception. No calls. Cross that one out.
Brian, I get it, I'm just saying there are many forms of communication some orthodox, others not so much. Have you ever heard of Morse code? Even that could have been used somehow. I am saying that there must have been some way to communicate something to the outside world. Again, not a distress signal to come help save them, but a way to let everyone know what happened. All they had to do is send 4 characters in the following sequence and we wouldn't be speculating now as to what happened: FIRE. It would have preserved their legacy as heroes and the passengers would be absolved of any terrorism connection. As a matter of fact, we wouldn't even need to find the wreckage or black boxes if we knew empirically that it was an on board fire that brought the plane down.
I agree with this article 100%, and commend Yahoo for writing it. The problem, however, is not the Malaysian's, it is us and the media. We have a tendency in this country to be so infatuated with catastrophes such as this, that we demand non-stop coverage on this and the media will do whatever they can to satisfy those needs, including bringing in various "experts"' to weigh in, and come to unsubstantiated conclusions based on very little facts that have surfaced on MH370 up to this point. The only ones who suffer are the family members of the passengers and crew. The only way we'll really ever know what happened, is if the bulk of the wreckage is found, and that is not a guarantee at this point.
Let’s start The First When aircraft hits the surface usually it’s wrecking into pieces (if not flown by Captain Sully of course) There would be sizeable amount of floating debris found someplace on the surface of the ocean plastic bottles, pillows, luggage, life jackets You just name it, should be there, and if it is there sooner or later it will be found if someone is searching for it. Where will be found depends of the sea currents as well. But the ocean is very big place and the searching is very expensive. Someone for sure may ask what if Captain Shah had the skill to ditch it onto ocean surface without crashing it into pieces, than maybe it sunk in one piece not leaving debris behind on the surface. Accurate, but in such occasion there will be many survivors and they would try to open the doors and deploy the inflatable slides, detachable as watercraft, and highly visible from great distances and space. The Second Without flight and data recorders we will never figure out the truth what happened. Guessing wild is what is going on now and we have to be careful what we believe. Without any proof it was said that the all communication was switched intentionally. Any proof? First the ACAR switched off than after all right good night the radio. What about the malfunction or fire. Theory about the turns manually imported and set into autopilot… any proof for that? I haven’t read explanation how it is figured or how that can be monitored from the ground? What about the possible of malfunction or fire… (It would hurt BOEING right) or maybe small explosion of some kind (that would hurt Malaysian airport security). Why not imagine passengers with the oxygen mask breathing while captain is flying high to 45000 feet to extinguish the fire by oxygen deprivation on high altitude? Because it was too long time flown at that height? How we know? Communication was not working, radars reliability? Maybe after fire was extinguished captain Shah had tried to fly malfunctioning aircraft back to safety to some airports on its way but missed them in the dark of night and maybe because it was not able to control the plane fully so it continued to fly in the unknown direction to him or anyone all the way until it had fuel. The third The pilots background haven’t show anything suspicious yet, was it the captain too smart not to leave evidence in his flight simulator which directly placed him high on suspicious list… Maybe on the end he landed someplace? And it is hidden now Fake passports turned nothing out either… Was it shut down by US fighter jets I don’t think so they would first have approached the UFO identified it tried to establish communication and it would have been reported if considered threat or eminent danger to be blown off the sky, except if there was conspiracy and someone on the plane had to be eliminated and now there is cover-up. We will never know this for sure so don’t bother with this So on the end situation is that nothing was found as direct proof what happened on this mysterious flight and that's the reason why personally I don't see all scenarios probable. But there is still big space to be searched for the something left of the plane and simply the official version what happened based on calculated position by the mean of received satellite signals and wooden pallet could come from many places cannot be accepted just because of clues. Hard proof is needed as in all detective novels and getting the proof is the most difficult part to find to nail the case. It seems that this case is far from to be solved for long time and all the options are still open maybe except the sad fact that 239 souls on-board plane are lost forever. Should this be let gone without solving it … we need to follow who and what action will be taken in the future and that will say a lot about the clues! Read between the lines I mean!
You lost me at Let's start! Stop speculating you sound like CNN
The odds of landing an aircraft on the surface of the water without tearing it to pieces are very very small.
Anyone notice that no one in the LiBama media wants to “speculate” on why this Mr. Ali who purchased the one way tickets for the two Iranians with STOLEN passports was never arrested? Even IF they want to assume these two Muslims weren't involved in this plane’s “mystery” disappearance. Participation in attempting to violate international immigration and customs laws is still a CRIME, as is passport theft. Even IF you buy that they used stolen passports, bought one way tickets, using cash, and a 3rd party for “non-nefarious " or “sinister” reasons. Nothing more pathetic than saying turning off the transponder, during some catastrophic incident, isn’t “sinister” like they’re trying to sell. “Oh no, the cabin is filling with smoke, better turn off the transponder before you grab an extinguisher, Ahmed!” – co pilot YEAH right!
Honestly, what does it matter what religion the pilots were. Some of the top airlines in the world are owned by Muslim countries. I would always choose UAE Airlines over any Russian airline, for example. There is no point in speculating what could of happened. Finding the debris is extremely important at this point because something, somewhere, at some time went wrong. The problem could have been because of a security breach at the airport. The wrong people might have gotten through security and were the cause of the crash. It could have been a catastrophic mechanical failure which means Boeing would have to know about it as soon as possible. It's just like the Air France 447 crash. If they never knew that the pitot tubes could frost over and cause wrong speed readings then eventually another catastrophe could have happened again. I really wish Boeing and the US govt would invest more time and money into this. This crash doesn't just affect Malaysia and the people on board, but many people IF the cause of the crash could somehow happen again.
"Honestly, what does it matter what religion the pilots were" What kind ov vacuum are you living in???
Come on now, Muslim countries have a reputation for harboring terrorist that like to blow planes for attention, therefore they are the automatic choice of blame until the truth is known.
The news media is a lying game. They feed you bull and then they elaborate, spin, put their opinion in and people eat it up. All the ones who went down on the plane, know what happened. All we know will be speculation from here on out. I hope they did not suffer, but their families are suffering. The news media became hostile against the pilots and dammed them, now they are retracting their view. The harm has been done to their families. My heart goes out to all who lost sons, daughters, wifes, husband, friends and other family members. They will live forever in your heart. May they all R.I.P. Shame on you news media. Get your facts before you report your opinion. All of you should be fired!!!
Is this article suggesting that the FACTS support the idea that two Muslim pilots actually tried to save the plane and the lives of the passengers, just like PROFESSIONAL pilots of any other religious belief would have done?? Imagine that! I'm a former military air traffic controller. Whether it's military or civilian we all answer to the same agency, the FAA. I've seen, read about and been a part of enough crash investigations to know, that if the pilot dies, it ALWAYS starts off as his/her fault, without fail. If they are able to prove pilot error wasn't the cause, blame falls next to ATC. Only after everyone else successfully defends themselves and/or the flight data recorder is found, does blame fall to the multi-million or multi-billion dollar aircraft that failed. In this situation, it really came down to the pilot's religion and political beliefs. Period. I always thought it was shameful when our government first blamed it's soldiers and airmen before looking elswhere. I find this to be just as shameful. To hint that these men did anything other than what any professional would do, based solely on the idea that you needed a scapegoat to hide your own lack of information is disgusting.
9 days ago I posted the following on yahoo Here’s my theory After the hand off point an explosion/fire in the avionics bay Pilot loses most of his avionics and communications Smoke is filling cabin and there’s a small breach in the hull Pilot immediately puts plane on a return course, possibly to a military air base instead of the busy civilian airport he came from Pilot puts the plane in a rapid accent to suck out as much smoke as possible and put out the fire Oxy masks drop giving passengers some chance at survival Pilot puts plane in a rapid descent to 23,000 to save as many people as possible Flight crew becomes incapacitated soon after reaching 23,000 Plane continues on course out into the Indian Ocean In a week or more debris will start landing on beaches in N.W. Australia and/or Madagascar and E. Africa
Not bad. A little shaky on things like ascending to suck out smoke & a few other details, but mostly a plausible scenario.
Thanks, the details are certainly not completely accurate but the idea that a catastrophe of some sort happened rather than pilot suicide or hijack . . .
How many car crashes have happened when the car suddenly surges to a high rate of speed and nothing will stop it? It gets worse with the keyless ignition so you can't "just turn it off". Next you now have cars that just suddenly shut down with no warning and multiple people have been killed when hit by other vehicles. Years ago at the Paris Air Show Airbus was showing off it's brand new aircraft and decided to do a "touch and go" to show the aircraft off to the world. The plane crashed because no one had ever thought to tell the programers that "touch and go" is a training manuver. Instead the plane never lifted back up and crashed into the woods at the airport. Fly by wire sounds great until something in one of the computers goes crazy. The words used in all computers since day one is "We have a bug" and that orginiated back in tube based computers when Eniac kept coming up with wrong info on a test program. They checked and found a moth had landed and died on one of the tubes. It's body caused a slightly lower temperature in the one tube which threw off the calculations. They cleaned off the "bug" and it worked fine. It takes only a minor computer failure for an entire system to do nothing the humans want it to do.
really???? there were two pilots and a plane doesn't just fly around on its own for miles and miles unless the pilot tells it too...and then crashes after? Wow are you gullible.
Thanks for the interesting history lesson. (I'm old enough to know about the "bug" origination.) Many times current "news" is incorrect because it has not been thoroughly studied or proved; only time MAY tell the truth--and again it may not.
Again, typical misleading headlines from news to garner readers without any facts. First, not true analysis, just a hypothesis with no factual data to back it up. Nowhere was it ever indicated that the crew could not make radio contact with the ground. None us know the true data until the orange box ( misnamed Black box) is recovered. I am not inferring that the pilots did any thing wrong, just that the person producing this article has no conclusive information about what actually happened than the people doing the investigation.
Ok. I am no expert. This guys blog or theories etc. doesnt match up with the facts that we know! Plane was northbound to China. Plane is now on the southwest side of Australia. OK so they switch off the transponders an hour into the flight. Fire in the cabin. The plane would have went down quick and they were going the opposite direction and way out into the sea! It stayed aloft several more hours! I am not going to play conspiracy theorist and will just wait for the evidence to tell me the story.
Lets see now, what could have possibly caused a terrible destructive fire on-board the plane that damaged the electrical systems and tracking devises. While also killing everyone on-board during the time span that the pilots tried desperately to save the plane. Something that kept them so busy they did not have time to communicate their distress. Maybe it was that cargo of highly flammable lithium-ion batteries that caught on fire. Google information about how destructive and dangerous these types of fires are and you will better understand what really happened up there. These batteries can become weapons of mass destruction once on fire. The Malaysian government understands much more about this crash then they will ever admit to. Once we understand more about how many batteries were actually on board and how they were packaged/stored on the plane, it will be a piece of cake to connect "all" of the dots. No big mystery here folks, only a bunch of people trying to cover their behinds.
If it was such a big catastrophic fire, the plane would have crashed much earlier, and probably would have been visible from the ground as well. Also, no Mayday at all, and no asking flight controllers for clearance to land at the nearest airport... Again, it doesn't add up - but then increasingly there are even fewer 'facts' than we had before, as they keep changing the story! This is just BS.
It could have been as simple as an short in the wiring. Review the SwissAir crash in Peggy's Cove Canada. Crew and plan lost because of a fire in the entertainment system. FWIW, in that incident the crew descended the plane and changed course to the nearest airport. They just did not make it.
And the guesswork goes on and on and on and journalists speculate and conspiracy theorists make fools of themselves and the uninformed make stupid comments and smart people make intelligent observations but we just don't know. For relatives and friends, all this must add to the horror. For me, I'm done with this story until concrete evidence comes in. Hey, all of us fortunate enough not to have a relative or friend on the flight could just wait for the appropriate episode of "Air Crash Investigation" in 2016.
If such a show were to air, it would probably be a socialist government funded, propaganda show. Every episode would be on how wonderful the government's response is and how the Capitalists and their greed are always at fault.
Here is what actually happened to the MH370 "After the flight took off from Kuala Lampur airport, the pilot and his co-pilot hijacked the plane and took all the passengers hostages, and started to negotiate with the government about the opposition party and their own ideology (pilot was the strong follower of the opposition party) and they told the authorities that they will keep flying over Malaysian airspace until their demands will be met, and after long hours of negotiation and arguments that Malaysian government thought are impossible to meet, the government decided to take down the plane and so they did that and announced on the national TV that the plane is lost. It explains the fact that why the news of disappearance came so late especially when it has to be tracked immediately if the signal is lost. After the announcement Malaysian government let the international search done in the wrong place keeping all the attention away from them and meanwhile they cleaned all the data from their personal record from national radars and satellite. Also cleared anything which will prove that the whole thing was a conspiracy against Malaysian government including the flight stimulator and pilot's phone data etc. Now as they were assured that everything has been taken care of regarding their National security and stability they have given this official statement which in fact is a lie. They have already found the black box when they let the international experts and search teams beat around the bush. Now the black box that 26 countries are involved in searching will never be found and will waste millions of dollars until everyone gives up. Malaysian government has learned from this incident and will improve their security matters and will check on all the officials background more deeply but this time the story will always stay with in the higher officials of Malaysia as one of the top confidential occasion which fooled the whole world and wasted million of dollars and broke thousands of heart and took hundred of lives for the sake of their "TOP NATIONAL SECURITY" issue which sadly all the countries do on the stake of innocent lives. May their soul rest in peace and may their families find comfort as well. Let the Allah, God, Jesus, Bhagwan, The Power help us all.
If nothing else this whole @#$% storm of assumptions, innuendo and outright guessing by the bobble headed jerks that are employed as reporters should teach all of us this: "Journalism", which has devolved to "Scareyouism", sank to an epic low with Faux Lies reporting(?) via a retired General that this plane "....could be used as a weapon of MASS DESTRUCTION....". Wow, if that isn't a solid, like so many every day, reason to take away their broadcasting license, then let the full frontal nudity and language restrictions be discarded NOW! On the OFFENSIVE scale this ranks over the top! We have seen the bottom of how low these organizations have sunk and we (they) can go no lower. Bleating sheep and morons, rise up and tell me I am soooo wrong, come out from under your rock of ignorance and beat you chest in anger. Commence
Fox News doesn't have or need a "broadcast license"... They're cable and satellite only. I saw some wild speculation on television, but largely it was responsible reporting. But folks only can remember the bad stuff, and they'll wail on and on about how bad the media is. Of course, they wouldn't have a shred of information at all if it weren't for the media, but who needs common sense anyway.
As much as they try to blame the Malaysian government.. the Media has a HUGE blame in throwing these pilots under the bus.. before they started blaming the pilot, CNN was interviewing their paid terrorist analysts... with every little tiny bit of info giving to them.. they reported on that bit of info ad nauseam. Because the basic story was too boring for them.. an Airplane went up, its missing and we don't know, but it might have crash. That wasn't good enough.. the news media wouldn't give the investigator the chance to follow leads..
I am more worried about the u.s. painting some innocent people as terrorists who brought the plane down. This is a big reason the FBI has stepped in and the military which isn't bad because of some whacko to manage to bring down the plan I would want to know who that person(s) are and who they work for.
No one knows for sure all the information they have on this flight. Some information I am sure because of security reasons we may never know. Seems like news outlets are just trying to make money off this thing and coming up with more ideas about what happened.. Obviously it's going to take awhile to find this plane so lets let it go some till we get more info which will come sooner or later. we don't know who's fault it is or what happened period.
The media is cruel, and what about fact cking , sensationalism has trumped that.
I do so much enjoy the fact that the day this happened I posted how it was dumb to read any of these articles regarding something they have no idea about. And all these days later - I'm still just reading the headlines - and that is ALL. The media is foolish at best. Marylou is right. They can't stand the fact they don't know, so they have to make it up.
have you noticed how the network "news" want's folks to fixate on the fact that it took 2 years to find one of the black boxes on the Air France flight, but when a pundit states they found wreackage as soon as they looked the show immediately goes to break and the pundit is never seen again? the reason they found air franch so quickly is becouse there are 7 ELT becons in the skin of every 777-200. even if the plane sinks in one piece they come to the top and send a sat link. mainstream media = filthy liars
It's not gonna take some time to find the plane. The United States and many other countries have technology to track every single plane flying in the air no matter transponder or not. There are people within the government who know exactly where the plane landed or crashed. This is no secret are you people honestly this ignorant?
"Security reasons" that keep the fate of a commercial airline full of private citizens from a dozen or so different countries a secret are an issue that is very frightening to me. I suspect, given the official report that the plane crashed in the Indian Ocean, that Malaysian officials are very certain that the plane can never be found, or have certain knowledge from a source or sources other than "faint pings from a French satellite" that the plane is in fact in the Indian Ocean. If the latter is true, it is a safe bet that the Indian Ocean was not Flt. 370's first stop.
"And all the sheeple turned their eyes away from the truth... and followed fallacies with all their heart." Why can police triangulate cell phones and laptops, even when powered off, but they cannot find a 200 plus passenger aircraft that communicates with satellites and most likely has many electronic communication devices, not to forget it is a huge jet liner. Take the officials delay in this matter as plausibility for a cover up. Why cant they find a plane that goes missing, why cant they tell people right away? Why did they crowd source the search to a population of untrained rescue personnel who have no training in the matter, and only caused further harm by claiming their untrained eyes found debris when it was an island? It is because they want you to pull the lies over your own eyes.. its easier for you to cover your own eyes than it is for another to try to keep them covered.. you might end up struggling from their grasp to see the truth. I hope that all the passengers are okay and not being treat like P.O.W.s because of this. If they did perish then they are doing better than anyone on this Earth and I hope for closure for the many left behind to cope and understand this terrible circumstance. Look away from this fabricated "accident" and look toward the real issues like potential world war 3. I love all my brothers and sisters, we are the creators' sheeple, not mankinds, let the light lead you, not the television.
+6037843000 why not call the airlines and see what they can say to the fact they had access to what everyday police have access to in term of technology to track down cell phones and other devices, yet they were unable to detect any location for weeks????
As time passes with no terrorist chatter, it swings the pendulum back to catastrophic conditions on the plane. But, none of the scenarios really fit, whatever the scenario. If the people on the plane were all unconscious or dead by the time the plane made it to the straits (since it bypassed two airports with runways that could have handled the plane by then), who programmed the left turn towards the south. All of the pilots I have heard say that it took human intervention to head the plane south.
I don't buy this at all. First the disabled locator and a change in the flight computer? That doesn't happen unless it's intentional. Secondly they're saying they think it went down in an area with lots of cross currents. If that's the case then all the articles that float should still be in the area and there would be a lot of it. Besides all the seat cushions and insulation we've got luggage and parts of the wings where fuel has been burned out of the tanks which will float. I spent fifty years in aviation and just as I don't buy the flight 800 TWA story I'm having trouble with this one too.
CNN, the 24/7 news channel for everything about this airplane incident. Everything, speculations by the minute, telling and retelling what the Malaysian government put out, and of course the every present speculations. So come on CNN, give the source of where you got this statement that the plane dropped to 12,000 feet? Give us some facts, instead the 24/7 BS the people have heard over and over and over and over. Facts not speculations and voodoo doll reports, that is if you farts can.
Be aware that media brain farts are as commo as grains of sand on th beach or blades of grass in a meadow.
I hope their comments were sifted and evaluated.
Sounds like BOB is forced to watch a lot of CNN and he's not happy...who controls the remote Bob???
BOB - did you READ this story or just on a CNN rant? CNN has already been skewered for talking 24/7 about nothing....You can't improve on the experts!
Now it becomes more and more obvious that the Malaysian government is lying, or hiding the whole truth. Now they want to tell people that their pilots are heroes. They have only good and very good pilots, right? They just don't want to discredit their national company by revealing the truth about what their pilots did. Obviously it was not smoke in the cabin, it was not a sudden loss of pressure, it was not Jack the Ripper. There was a mad man in control of the plane.
I don't buy the fire theory. What I want to know is why would you drop to 12k feet? Was someone needing off?? That's possible. If someone was behind it they aren't going to want to die. You would need a plan! My heart goes out to the people who are missing their loved ones! Proof needs to be provided... before I'm convinced of anything. The pilots are innocent until they are proven guilty. It's a shame that no one knows the truth and they are quick to judge them.
I already read a plausible theory about a week ago by a veteran pilot (American) that as any professional pilot always keep in mind while flying where the nearest airport available to land at any moment for him in case of emergency, and, the pilot of the flight 370 must have faced fire or smoke or some sudden problem so turned the aircraft turned back to go to the nearest airport on the Malay Peninsula. The lowering the plane, and other actions indicates that process. Then, the pilots and everybody on board lost consciousness, and the plane automatically flew far to the south in the Indian Ocean until its fuel exhausted. Forgot how he explained the actions how/why the transponder, etc were off, however. The up-to-date theory (assumption) sound exactly along with this theory.
While that “speculation” is a least a lot better than the Malaysian governments story with a million holes in it. And may explain the flying at low altitude west across northern Malaysia, (not low to avoid radar but because it’s on autopilot and everyone is unconscious) it doesn’t explain their turn to the southwest later, to wind up in a “remote region of the southern Indian ocean” were they are claiming it went down, while offering zero proof. To go where they are claiming it went down because they “ASSUME” that’s where it went down, they’d have had to cross Indonesia and an area near the city of Podang, which has an international airport, and would have been picked up by radar. They weren’t.
I honestly feel that if all persons and governments involved in this horrific event/tragedy would stop allowing themselves to be pawns or fools of the media and NOT say anything about where this plane is UNTIL they have Evidence In Hand and NOT satellite pictures it would greatly respected and appreciated. Until there is actual evidence and because of all the speculation and it seems premature to announce any discovery. Truly gut wrenching and my thoughts and prayers go out to the passengers, their friends and especially their families.
I can't help but notice 2 unexplained facts which it seems no media had yet pointed out: First, Malaysian government stated that it had lost contact with the flight from air traffic control radar. However, it was detected by its military radar which later corroborated by Thailand Air Force. How many fighter jet did Malaysian Air Force send out to intercept this alleged unidentified aircraft in its air space? Zero, none. Secondly, how many search and rescue team, emergency response/ military aircraft or vessel did Malaysian government deploy to South China Sea, Strait of Malacca, or Indian Ocean? Zero, none. The ONLY official plead for help from Malaysian government was made to Vietnam to search South China Sea which it found nothing. All other search and rescue effort was made voluntarily by other countries.
The media had a field day with this sad event, spinning, speculating and exaggerating the story line which the Malaysian government fed to the public. The media did it for ratings and money, the Malaysian government did it to cover up their failures, mismanagement and spin facts in their favor. Both should be ashamed and it is about time we held the media to higher standards. As for the Malaysian government, I hope the world holds them responsible for all the man hours and expenses they have had to shell out because of their stupidity.
i still believe that even though they say this time they "know" the plane crashed in the Indian ocean and all are dead.. ... until you have actually found a piece of the plane and can confirm it is that. you have no business coming out with "facts" as we have seen this whole time since the beginning they keep coming out with "facts" which seem to have been muddied at best.. they keep changing and yet those are the FACTS.. they could have said more to the effect of. we are almost certain it crashed here.. but we will need to confirm once we reach debris.. unfortunately Malaysian Government seems to have been very foolish in many areas of this. starting at the beginning where so many people in their government seemed to be "in charge".. this has been a total fiasco and shame on the media as well for grasping for any grandiose notion as to the cause. making it sensationalist.. its pathetic. i feel so bad for all those who have had family on that plane. they have been spun so many stories each time they heard a new story their wounds get ripped out all over again.
Indeed - it's been a depressing series of lessons in the lack of logic and even the appreciation of FACTS as opposed to THEORIES or FANTASIES even amongst our supposedly brightest experts and leaders. Stinks.
I find it amazing how many theories and changing of theories facts turning into fiction and fiction turning into facts that this planes disappearance has had since it went missing. Why it is taking so long for information to come out correctly is just crazy. I'm not suggesting that the plane should of been found I understand it is just a plane in an enormous ocean. But why known facts are coming out weeks after this planes disappearance is as much of a mystery as the disappearance itself!
what i find amazing is that time and resources are still being spent on this. It's OBVIOUSLY gone. We will never find out what really happened so just let it go and move on
Its an investigation people!!! They have to inform what they come up with according to their investigation!!! Not all leads are going to end up with concrete information! We can't expect them to know 100% accurately what happened to the aircraft without first investigating, gathering the information, consulting experts!!! I don't understand how people could expect these things to happen overnight
Liability! More fear and anxiety on the part of the airline,government and who ever else could be sued than fear and sorrow for those lost. Attorneys must be all in place before the truth or version of the truth can be released to the families and the general public.
Would they tell us what really happened.
John, take your own advice and wait for them to find just one piece of the plane.
Mr. C if this was your family, I bet you would be singing a different tune. We need to investigate, not only to find the plane, but to learn what went wrong and find out what can be done in the future to prevent this happening again.
Mr. C - it's called closure, every family member that had a relative on that plane deserves some sort of it... What an ignorant and careless thing to say sir!
My thoughts exactly Malabaker well done!
Kim and Malabaker, the plane is GONE. The people are GONE. Thats all that needs to be known. 2 weeks is plenty of time to search for a plane in an area that could be larger than TX. 4-8 week is asinine. Move on
the real pain goes with dragging this on and on. You talk about closure. Let them have it, and stop wasting time and money on something your never going to find.
The reality is that a 777 is made to fly efficiently at ling distances at it's cruising altitude. It takes more fuel and effort to fly at 12000 ft. So the plane would not have cruised for 7 hours at that altitude. There is a good article in this somewhere. The only way the plane ends up in South Indian Ocean is flying its cruise altitude. I have no opinion on what happened but the Malasyian officials are like the Iraqi Information Ministet
Just goes to show you cannot trust anything you hear. The news we all heard was the 120 degree turn left was plotted 12 minutes before the "Alright GoodNight" broadcast which signaled foul play. From that to the pilots are heroes from trying to save the plane? I guess all those "Experts" who gave analysis of the situation are really IDIOTS who offer speculation for $$$ to get the world to watch so networks can sell advertising time. The hell with the reputation of the pilots and the anguish of their families and the passsengers. In America, I wonder how many laws were passed while we were all distracted by these lies about the innocent men flying that plane?
If you want to hide something one way is to totally mess it up so none of it makes sense. All we have heard is conflicting garbage from the Malaysian government on this airline mystery. WHY? Are they hiding some kind of espionage mission that went sour? Why is there no talk what so ever about the two Iranians on stolen passports,, who SUPPOSEDLY did not know each other ,and had passports stolen in two different parts of the world,,BOTH going to China at the same time,, same day, same plane!!! Entering China on stolen passports can put you in a hard labor prison for life. WHY would 2 Iranians want to sneak into China, both on the same plane,, not knowing each other? This makes NO SENSE AT ALL! And NOBODY is talking! I think all the governments know what this is all about and none are saying because if they do they expose their ability to detect spies, espionage etc. and possibly endanger their double agents etc. So instead everyone is just throwing up their hands and saying,, OMG. where could this plane be and what the heck went wrong. The easy and convenient way out for all the parties. The fact is they could have probably done a lot more to find the black box before now knowing full well they only had 30 days but instead it has all been about a visual search from the air and with slow ships in a huge sea. Don't tell me US subs are not in the area with equipment that can hear a whale fart in 5000 ft of water from 500 miles away.
You make some valid points. I have come to distrust governments as they only ever look after themselves, their own interests, and if we get in the way we are gotten out of the way. Would have thought that if the transponder was off and radar picked up the plane, then some air force jets would surely have been scrambled, and if any US ships within a hundred miles of the area would have done something, like the Vincenze did when it could not detect the transponder of a plane that had accidently been switched off
In the end, every family member and friend who lost someone on flight MH370, relived the death of their loved ones each and every day for 18 days now. The media is responsible for this ridiculous trend of daily heartbreak. At the expense of millions who have had hoped and prayed for a miracle ,it has become a game of ratings and who could be on top for the first notification of another presumption. I find it very sad and pathetic that the media continues to spew their propaganda at the expense of the people. May you find peace in your heart soon.
Just for ratings the media has sensationalized news and it's just about the advertising dollar. The public can either turn it off or continue to watch. I think the latter will prevail. I prefer PBS news hour than the other cable news channels. CNN has surely changed from it's beginning.
Most anyone who cared wanted answers. Although you're right the media put some wrong information out, we wanted answers and where do we go for those....the media. I would rather hear something from the media, than nothing. The reporters are human too and I'm sure some of them really wanted to give us information. Not all media is bad. Lets live without the media and you can close ourselves from the rest of the world. Sometimes they have it wrong and sometimes not, but I like to hear about the news. Can you blame them for wanting to be first the headline, what marketing entity doesn't? In the perfect world you live in........................
Kim, NEWS is one thing, pure speculation or flat out lieing is another. The media we have today is pathetic and self serving and to he!! with the public. The media disgusts me.
Skidmark... how appropriate as your name fits your IQ as well. Just turn off the tv... like everyone else. But evidently that is way too technically sophisticated for you to accomplish. No wonder why the Kardashians still have such a high tv rating... because you're still watching them.
Kim, why is my sorrow for the families of those lost on this flight and drug through the daily disappointment of hope, a reason to assume I live in a perfect world? Are you sure you don't live in a perfect world? I fly 4-5 round trip flights a month, it is important for me to know as well, but not at the expense of those who lost loved ones. Mr. Villalobos aka Tim19620 You must be a great trainer of negativity. Have a nice day....
This is the biggest circle jerk on a aircraft disaster I have ever seen and has been one sinister theory after another and my heart goes out to the families that Malaysia has jerked around and how they were notified on the loved ones death. My guess is the flight recorder will spell it all out as a retired Air Force maintainer that worked on the pressureization and oxygen system as well as fire extinguishing this could end up being an on board fire which would explain climbing to such a high altitude to put it out and the oxygen system could have be damaged by fire, and the rapid decent to 12 K feet was so passengers could breath, they needed to go below 10K for that. The flight deck oxygen system should have been a seperate system from the passenget system for emergency reasons so they could do their jobs if rapid depressurization occured,
This is almost as good as the suggestion it was a lithium-ion battery fire, during which they flew 6 or 7 more hours to the middle of the Indian Ocean.
still doesn't address why they shut off the 2 separate tracking systems...unless the electrical fire may have originated with those devices, there was no need to do that.
SirSpamm.... doubtful that they "shut off" the transponders, the transponders likely failed to operate due to a catastrophic situation, which is similar to the second part of your statement.
All of these speculations and they still haven't found the plane or have a clue where it is.. all of this conjecturing and no one really knows what happened. Think perhaps, the media should just wait until they someday find this plane or what happened to it, before any conclusions. The black hole seems more and more plausible. Here this plane was jetting around in the skies and yet, no controller or the airlines even knew what was going on. Kind of scary. Seriously, the thought of UFO's and other life forms flying around this planet no longer seems like sci fi.
This whole situation just goes to show how easy it is to feed the world #$%$ and they will just gobble it up. This story has gone from Iranian terrorists with stolen passports, to evil muslim pilots, to pilots trying to save the plane. From oil slicks in the South China Sea, to possibly crashing in the Andaman Sea, and now the remote area of the South Indian Ocean. Intentionally switched off to disabled. Flew high then low to kill the passengers and now flew low to try and save the passengers. Ping here, ping there, debris here, debris there. This is starting to seem more like a worldwide experiment to see how much the world will believe what they are told as long as it comes from the media or the government. Seriously people, a jet that big just doesn't disappear in the year 2014 with the technology we have. The only thing that has been proven here is that it is pretty simple to deceive on a worldwide scale.
I do not see how in trying to save this plane anyone could have flown it 180 degrees from it's original path and also several thousands of miles away from the very run way it took off from. I men if they were trying to land due to problems of the type described then why not return to the airport they took off from??? Also why would they fly below radar for that long or not try to get communications to work?? So while the Government is now painting sweet picture of the pilots I still think those two who used stolen passports to ge ton the plane had something to do with it going where it did IF that is in FACT where it went.
The biggest point to refute this story is that the airplane might have been able to return to the original airport versus its final course.
@Jesse T: Good thoughts. I wish all of the readers who post on this site would give thought to what is being said and why before they post. The story smells, governments are lying and an emotional spin takes almost everyone's attention away from what really happened. Being an American, I hate to say it but we are the most gullible people on the planet when it comes to believing what we read, hear and see when it is called News.
I buy into decompression, but not smoke or fire. Surely, had the flight been on fire, after dropping to 12,000 feet, there would be enough oxygen to generously feed a fire. The plane would have disintergrated in 30 minutes or 1 hour let's say, tops. This plane flew on for several hours. Several, before it ran out of fuel and stlled into the ocena. So, so sad. I can only take comfort in the likelihood that all onboard were already dead or severely incapicated by hypoxia.
this article is chocked full of BS...no one knows what happened.. seems to me they are trying to 'create' the crash scenario, so as to put this "to bed" Facts are that the plane flew for hours and hours..under complete control..the last 'ping' and visual sighting was of the aircraft flying low and fast directly towards Diego Garcia.(which happens to be an airport on the pilots simulator) This naval base certainly is capable of landing a 777 and the hangars are vast and sufficient to Hide a plane of this size. Now we have the gov claiming it crashed, while lacking even a shred of debris evidence, and now they are re-writing the entire flight scenario to match the bogus "crash" announcement. Someone thinks we are really stupid..some of you are
ridiculous. Please take your meds. I'm sure there are hundreds of airports on the simulator. But, you in your conspiratorial mind pick one out of hundreds to support some whacky theory. Maybe you should be on CNN!!
@Clive Irving (author)- You recount the timeline of events/information to portray the Malaysian government as a bumbling group that jump to conclusions without proper consideration of facts. Ironic that you just implied that the Malaysian authorities acted just like journalists. Journalists are the main source of irresponsible information reporting, quick to get the latest bit of information out there for their own organization's benefit. Perhaps you personally are not that type of journalist, I do not know your body of work. But clearly your self righteous article deriding the Malaysian authorities falls short of placing blame on the group that enables this type of piece meal information/misinformation from being reported, the Media.
Have the Malaysians finally stopped trashing the pilots?! Please!!! I've watched a lot of the coverage on American News Networks, and am terribly embarrassed in the way they handled this story. Conspiracy theories, hijacking claims, all those supposed experts they paraded into our homes 24/7, and quite frankly not one of them worth their weights in salt!!!!! I have grown to hate our news media. If they aren't protecting the POS in the white house, they're manufacturing news for ratings and advertising dollars. There is no news in our media anymore, it's story telling which includes outright lies in order to have the best story to tell, and they are totally smitten with the #1 liar and story teller in the world, Barrack Hussein Oblahblah!
I always thought the plane was accidentally programmed with the wrong course ( it now looks like it flew in the opposite direction than what it should have). It was a night flight, they said "good night", let auto pilot fly the plane, everybody went to sleep, and when they woke up to land the plane, it was the ultimate oops, they were in the middle of the ocean with no place to land. Maybe that also explains why there seems to be a lack of wreckage; a somewhat successful ocean landing would leave very little debris, just a sunken plane.
"...when they woke up to land the plane, it was the ultimate oops, they were in the middle of the ocean with no place to land..." If they were in the middle of the ocean with no place to land, why the pilots did not issue a mayday call? and if the plane was low on fuel they could have a soft landing on water like the Hudson River landing and had enough time before the plane sunk for everyone to get out the plane with lifesavers.
YEH Right, the pilots took this plane on a suicide mission but failed. Not only did it fail, they took all the lives that were aboard the plane and killed them. This should be a Wake Up Call to all that their is always someone trying to kill inocent people. Terrorists are hateful and could care less on who they kill or what they distroy. Ever country needs to tighten up security on pilots and everyone else that boards an airline. It might take years or even centuries to find this plane and I beleive that if they find the plane they will not find anything that will tell them what happened. The black box should have a secure code that only can be shut off by the flight controllers if this is possible. Their is no reason why any commercial plane would need to go into a black mode for the controllers anot to see what is going on. What will be the next move for any other person that might want to take a plane for a suicide mission.SAD Story I say Wake Up.
How ridiculous...The other day the so-called authorities in Kuala Lumpur couldn't even find a plane...now all of the sudden them, and CNN are experts on what the pilots may, or may not have done!? And do we really have to wonder why viewership is at an all time low for the major networks like CNN,FOX,MSNBC or any other corporate owned propaganda spewing channel? Look into the passenger list, and a certain semiconductor company, and it's 5 owners, now just 1 owner. Not saying that it's true...but it's a heck of a lot more interesting of a theory than this diarrhea! I would also like to thank "YAHOO" for adding spell check, for without it...I definitely would not have spelled "DIARRHEA" correctly! Although I was pretty darn close :)
actually fox is gaining viewers, just saying
the authorities probably know more than they are telling and won't be telling until they can tell a more complete story, if they choose to.
I am looking forward to their explanation of how the flight beacon that is used on the ground to track all flights and must be turned off at opposite ends in the utility space of the plane, which they were, 10 MINUTES APART, (this is an indisputable fact), could have happened any other way then a human manually turning them off. A fire or an electrical failure would have turned them off at almost the same instant. The story the Malaysians are feeding us sounds like ridiculous BS, but maybe there was some kind of 'miracle event that made this possible, LOL! I know, the plane ran into Santa Claus while out taking his reindeer for a test run!
everything the Malaysians have said so far is BS
Nothing can be confirmed but unknown sources say, what a load of mess we are being fed. They haven't even found the plane and already they are trying to make us believe it was an accident as opposed to sabotage. It could have been an accident but the lies that have been told by many Nations and the lack of any concrete information smells like a cover-up. I still think that someone on that plane knew too much and was killed for it. I said it earlier and I still believe that they will label this an accident no matter what happened to throw suspicion off of the ones that had a hand in the loss or destruction of that airplane. Now they want to twist the story and play on the sentiment of the readers to shift everything and everyone to focus on the Malaysian Government. They make the Pilots heroes just to get people's attention off of the plane and what may really have happened. This story is typical of the lies spawned by the CIA, MI6, KGB, and other security agencies in this World. Why are there so many unconfirmed sources being referred to and their supposed ideas or intelligence being used instead of actual evidence to support these stories?
I am somewhat disturb reading this kind of article written by so called experts ( not ). I am a 41 years veteran airline pilot, still flying every day and when I read some of the misleading and incorrect information like in this article, I can only wonder. First of all, ACARS and the TRANSPONDER are not the primary means of staying in contact with the ground, VHF communication is, and if that fails, HF communication becomes secondary. The transponder just like radar coverage is basically line of sight equipment meaning that an aircraft must be withing line of sight of a radar antenna and is mostly useless over open water like the Indian Ocean. ACARS on the other end relies on orbiting satellites to maintain contact with the ground. ACARS is routinely used for data transmission of aircraft systems status. Rarely is it ever used to communicate with Air Traffic Control and is mostly used for airline communication purposes. As for the statement that " (First officers do most of the flying anyway)." this statement is quite incorrect. In most airlines including mine, the Captain does most of the flying espacially when flying double crew. Captains don't like to do radio communication duties, they like flying.
My own theory is rapid decompression. What do you think happened?
Theory on how did they fly for hours and end up so far off course?
Translation: Pilots don't commit suicide with planes. Same meaning, less words!
As an experienced aviator what is your opinion as to what may have happened taking into account your correction of the incorrect information you mentioned is in the reports?
A Simple Man!, it is believed to have happened at least twice. I do not think is the case with this one though.
Being a RADAR operator for over 20 years for the USAF the common procedure is the Air Traffic Control Centers usually don't run with raw RADAR returns turned on ,using only iff/sif returns to guide to control aircraft.. Why? Because it causes ground and weather clutter to be display on the screen of the operator. There are other receivers that can be employed to eliminate the returns So that be said you could fly a squadron of Buffs thru an area with iff/sif turn off and the air traffic control facilities wouldn't see them. The other factor is the max range of ground based RADAR systems for military/civilian RADAR sites. This is all of location and elevation that governs the detection and tracking range and the ability to process said data!! Who was ever responsible for this act understood the basic concept of the current RADAR procedures and coverage's. MSgt Mike.
That is a very plausible explanation... But until this plane is found we will never know what happened on that plane..
Thanks MSgt. People see too much Hollywood to understand that radar is line of sight, and the earth is curved. You get a little bending, but there is no way to follow planes out over the open ocean on radar, without a lot of ships parked between lands. It is much easier to hide then most people know. And we are not working with high levels of competency for this kind of investigation over there either. Thanks for the service. Maj K
having had a little Maritime experience(not enough to brag about though), what you say about the radar is very true. We used to have a rough time leaving port at night because the radar was cluttered up with airport traffic control , maritime cargo, and military from both land and sea. Your last statement though says it all, to disappear from all of that takes real skill, or some tech we are not privy to yet......
and that my friends is how this plane was flown to Pakistan for later use, and no #$%$ seen it on radar or had a clue thanks MSgt.
Yeah,, especially handy knowledge and skills if you want to conduct a test of a large aircraft going missing right here on earth before authorising interplanetary missions. Very good point.
Questions in my mind as to what happened to flight MH370...1- How long did it take the plane to descend from 35,000 to 12,000 feet, 2-How long did the plane fly at the 12,000 feet altitude, 3-In a dire emergency and if the pilots were trying to save the plane why did neither call out a "mayday" for assistance if they had to set the plane down, 4-Why was there not one call or text from any of the passengers on board trying to contact family or friends regarding their predicament, 5-How did two passengers with stolen passports from the same country (Thailand) "just happen" to be on this flight that "just happened" to disappear? . I have answered all of these questions in my mind but will leave them out there for speculation. When you don't have facts and are trying to solve any problem you have to speculate or use trial and error. In this case trial and error is not possible so speculation is the only recourse for possibly solving this mystery. Someone much smarter than I am, with access to the total facts regarding this flight, should be able to put together a reasonable answer as to the actual fate of flight MH370.
No cell phone service out in the ocean is why no one called or sent a text message.
thats what im wondering why no call to air traffic? except your passport question ,that happens more than people think from people sneaking around.
There are thousands of passports stolen in Thailand every year. None has ever been involved in a plane hijacking. In fact, it make no sense, since a stolen passport is a red flag and a potential cause for being detained by authorities prior to boarding.
I thought the media reported the two with the stolen passports were Iranian????? Not from Thailand.
what difference does it make? I bet you spent more time talking about this than actually doing some critical thinking about the news stories and reports that truly have an impact on your life. But I guess you should continue to follow the masses and the what the news tells you to think and talk about.
Here is the "text" comment again. How often do people have to point out that there are no CELL PHONE TOWERS over oceans, aka no signals? Common sense, please!
Absurd name by the way...............put your tinfoil hat away and tune into glenn beck's radio show for your next conspiracy theory
The 12000 feet thing baffles me. If mechanical and they descended to 12000 feet, it could not have then ascended on its own and a plane this size in area conditions could not fly clear to the spot they said it did at 12000 ft altitude.
To play Devil's Advocate, I can at least answer number three: In a dire emergency, they may not have had time to call for help before whatever happened (cabin depressurization, smoke from a fire, fumes from something breaking) disabled them, or made them so confused, that by the time they took the measures needed to keep the plane intact, it was too late for them to call for help. It's like asking why a person in the midst of a car accident doesn't call 911. You can't, because you're too busy dealing with the situation at hand. In the case of four, let's say that things depressurized, or there were fumes. It wouldn't take long for people to be overcome. If most of the people were asleep, they may not even have been aware. It's possible that most of the people were unconscious or dead by the time the pilots figured out something was wrong. Anyone who was still conscious may have become confused and disoriented, and unable to find their phones, dial, or do even the easiest of tasks. That's not to say that things may not have been sinister. I'm just saying, in cases of an emergency where lack of oxygen come into play, it's not unreasonable to think that there was just no time to call for help.
1- How long did it take the plane to descend from 35,000 to 12,000 feet. Unknown at this time 2-How long did the plane fly at the 12,000 feet altitude, Unknown at this time 3-In a dire emergency and if the pilots were trying to save the plane why did neither call out a "mayday" for assistance if they had to set the plane down, If the problem was an electrical fire, it could have knocked out the radios along with the transponder and all the other electrical equipment on board 4-Why was there not one call or text from any of the passengers on board trying to contact family or friends regarding their predicament. For the BILLIONTH TIME, THERE AREN'T ANY CELL TOWERS OVER THE OCEAN 5-How did two passengers with stolen passports from the same country (Thailand) "just happen" to be on this flight that "just happened" to disappear? The two people with stolen passports were traveling together, and it could very well be coincidental that they were on a flight that happened to disappear...Could it be more sinister? Sure, but maybe not. (fake/stolen passports are used all the time, sometimes they're discovered sometimes they aren't)
Not a pilot but from all the reading i've done. . . I Can't answer 1 or 2 and the sources for that are obscure at best anyway and should be taken lightly. 3) Aviate, navigate, and lastly, communicate is the proper steps in a situation like this. 'Mayday' calls are pointless in a situation like this as the people on the other end can't help you one bit and the people best suited to handle the problem are already flying the plane. Air France didn't have a mayday call either I believe. . . It has been debunked several times that cell phones DO NOT WORK at flight levels. . . What carrier provides service at 35,000 feet in the middle of a huge body of water?
To the "No cell towers in open water" comment, After the change of course by the plane (presumably when something happened) , the plan flew back over Malaysia on its way out to sea.... So whilst commotion going on and flying back over land , still no phone activity?? I question this entire story.
Well, here is my layman's answer to your queries: 1- Firstly, the plane ascended to 45,000 feet before suddenly descending to 12,000. A pilot posted yesterday that this was consistent with a desperate response to a fire. Rise to where the air is extra thin and then rapidly decompress the plane in an effort to choke out the fire. If that was the case, then my guess is that the fire must have been too big for on-board extinguishers to handle. 2- I read somewhere that the pilots have about 4 minutes to get the plane down to a safe altitude before people could be overcome or freeze from the cold. If they had to rise to 45,000 first, it would take that much longer to dive the plane. I think a pilot can answer that better or you can Google "Emergency Descent Procedures" and find quite a bit of information. Secondly, there exists an "Automatic Emergency Descent Mode" where the plane's systems takes over and puts the plane in to a dive if the pilots don't respond quick enough (it's probably programmed to assume that the pilots are unconscious and takes action within a number of seconds after decompression. 3- Why didn't they call? Maybe there was an electrical failure/fire that blew out communications and possibly the transponder. Maybe they were focused on the emergency first (rising to 45,000, decompressing and dropping?). Maybe they were unconscious or worse? 4- No cell calls? At 37,000 feet you are not in range of any towers, nor are you in range over the ocean. The land that they did pass over is rather remote, so probably no cell service there either. This is assuming that the passengers were even conscious enough at that point to make a call. 5- It's already been said that Malaysia is a hub for people trying to migrate to other countries. Getting fake passports is common there. However, you never know and maybe those two had something to do with this. However, why hasn't any terrorist group claimed responsibility? I just don't think terrorism is the case at this point, but I'm open to hear your theories. If there is any conspiracy here, I think it lies with the Malaysian authorities themselves for seriously mishandling this investigation and trying to cover up their mistakes with subterfuge and misinformation. Contrary to what many people believe, this plane was not hiding from radar. 12,000 feet, as we have found out, is very visible to radar. Other countries picked the plane up and so did satellite. If I had to guess, I would say someone wasn't doing his job and didn't have his eyes on the radar or he might have seen the dramatic actions this plane was taking. If they were paying attention, they could have alerted authorities and tracked the plane right up to where it did finally disappear. Making it easier to direct rescue personnel to its final location. These are just my thoughts and I am in no way an expert.
even if the plane is going down right away from 35000 feet surely there is time to flick the distress call or a quick may day call. you have a few minutes and a co pilot.
What difference would it make if it was before or after they made the last contact? It doesn't make it any less or more sinister. The author talks about the final MINUTES of the Air France flight. This plane flew four 6 HOURS after the transponder was disabled. Not even close to a similar scenario. Provide me a plausible scenario where all communication is cut off almost instantaneously, where the pilots still have time to plot a new waypoint(s) into the navigation computer (vice taking manual control of the aircraft), somehow are able to bring the aircraft to a stable altitude of 12,000 feet, then become incapacitated somehow, and the plane remains airworthy enough to fly for 6 hours until it runs out of fuel. It may very turn out to be an accident, but rule one in any investigation is the simplest explanation is usually the correct one............
The Media and Politicians have certainly kicked the can around too much on this whole incident with irresponsible comments, black hole speculations and whatever. Now it's right back where it started with a picture of grieving family members. How about some more responsible journalism? When I was in the USAF I spent many long hours flying over the Atlantic and the Pacific knowing that as vast and wide as the oceans are, if the plane ever went down, even with all these sophisticated tracking systems that if something ever happened we might not ever be found.
I am still questioning how can a airliner fly back over Malaysian airspace undetected.
Bill - when a plane disappears, obviously there's many different theories and possibilities - and there's been many sources of information that have been trying to contribute to locating the plane. I guess the press could just sit idle and wait, but that's not their job. It's up to the public if they want to just turn off the news.
The question still remains whom turned off the ACARS and transponder. We may never know the answer. They however stated that it would take some with knowledge of how the ACARS works to be able to disable it. If the pilot(s) or whomever were trying to sabotage the flight, they headed to the right place (Indian Ocean). We may never know the full story. I do not trust the Malaysian government either. Reminds me of Pakistan denying Osama Bin Laden was in there country.
Bill, and I always knew that if we were hit over Vietnam that all those sophisticated safety systems were so much junk.
pat - That reference to a drop to 12,000ft may explain that. ...Probably under the radar. And if something happened to O2 system, they may have all been dead before they left Mayasian airspace! Therefore no chance or time to call.
So basically they are just making up more stuff to cover for the fact that they didn't know jack squat then, and they don't know jack squat now. This whole thing has been ridiculous since the beginning. And my heart just breaks for the loved ones who have had to put up with the dashed hopes over and over, and the smear campaign against the pilots with absolutely nothing to base it on at all. I hope those poor people can find a way to carry on because it isn't likely they will ever know what happened, or why.
Malaysia was not equippd to handle this kind of incident. It would have been better off if they handed the investigation to the Chinese since that is where the plane was going and so many of the passengers were from there.
The real tragedy here beyond those who lost heir lives and their families, is the fact that all the media, commenters, and conspiracy theorists added to the pain and suffering of those waiting for substantiated, reliable reporting with factual information. What has happened to responsible journalism and media reporting? The posturing of the media these days is akin to rag journalism even from what were considered reliable news sources at one time. The sensationalism and baiting of Americans predominantly ( even more so than in the rest of the world media,) whether it be politics, social agendas, or world news, needs to stop! Even scanning headlines online at sites like Yahoo, ABC News, CBS news, Fox News, shows they all put their individual spin on headlines like a marketing ploy designed not to report but to provoke and divide people!.It's sad but it is probably what sells to the American public. Have we become that jaded and that uninformed that we shouldn't demand better from news reporting? I'm afraid for America in 20 years if this trend doesn't change and change soon!
Have never before heard such BS speculation about an incident. Those Malaysian's don't have a clue where that plane is or what actually happened to it. Every word they and the news media has said so far is absolutely pure speculation and they had made nothing but sensational headlines up out of thin air without one single fact as to where that airliner is. This will go down as the biggest line of BS this side of 9/11 coverup. Just like the 9/11 theories, it's all one big fat lie because they don't want the world to know what a bunch of total idiots they are for screwing up this whole incident. They are worse than the Obama administration in lies and diversion.
Stymie,only an idiot would turn a tragedy like this into a political statement.And if there was a coverup about 9/11 it was not Obama.I feel sorry for your stupidity.But the ones I feel more sorry for are the idiots who gave you the thumbs up.Must be useless conservatives.
The judgement and condemnation before the facts are in is outrageous. We do not know what happened to that plane and until we have the facts the media should keep their mouths shut and quit trying to condemn these people before the truth is known. It is really getting old watching the media become judge and jury for this country and ignorant people jumping on board when someone decides something is the truth. When did reporters stop giving facts and start giving opinions? It is really sad. The family members of these people have enough to deal with without the media telling them what happened. It is really sad!
"When did reporters stop giving facts and start giving opinions?". REALLY?!!! Have you been living under a rock for the last few decades?
You all obviously have NOT been reading the blogs with input from actual pilots - it is quite probable for there to have been a fire, either in the wiring or a wheel well, and the FIRST thing you do is turn off the current to the circuit you suspect is burning. That might have been the transponder circuit. THEN you turn the plane on a heading to the NEAREST runway that could accommodate it, and THEN, if you have not been overcome by smoke inhalation (and, by the way, when there is a fire you do NOT turn on the O2) you try to fight the fire. I suspect that by the time they passed over the west coast of Malaysia, everyone on the flight was unconscious or dead. The plane can fly perfectly well on autopilot for a LONG way. When it runs out of fuel, well, it crashes.
You do not know what you are talking about.
Paul: Could you explain your statement??
you seem to off forgotten one thing, isn't there a fire on board???
It wouldn't be the first 'ghost plane' that crashed. I think it was a 737 that crashed in Greece a few years ago because of someone missing the cabin pressure switch setting.
This was the most logical explanation from day one. The plane suffered some kind of major problem, the pilots turned the plane around, they changed the flight path with the auto pilot in an attempt to fly the plane back. They aviate, navigate and then communicate if possible in an emergency. Whatever the problem (Fire, deadly fumes) it forced them to turn off the transponder (and all electrical systems) or disabled it and they were not able to call for help because they were overcome by smoke, fumes, etc. The plane flew for hours and crashed when it ran out of gas in a very deep ocean. The hurricane weather scattered the debris for hundreds of miles and the water is so deep that you would need to be on top of the plane to receive the blackbox ping which only has a range of about two miles. Rest in Peace.
Agree with this scenario Eric, especially after hearing about the Lithium batteries that were part of the cargo that are extremely dangerous and were being stored in an area near the control panels.
I cannot be sure as I am not a pilot but this to me brings reminiscence of the Swiss Air flight that went down in Canada and the Greek 737 that flew for hours with dead pilots. I think the pilots could have been so busy to try and save the aircraft that communication became a last priority, perhaps they died after having turned the aircraft around. At any rate, who are we to throw muck on the characters and motives of the pilots. They were probably just as honorable and dedicated to the safety of craft and passengers as the next professional airline pilot. The world is full of Monday morning quarter-backs who think they and their country could have done better! R.I.P Capt. Shah and Fariq Abdul Hamid.
The Helios pilots were incompetent because they didn't KNOW that the loud take-off warning horn also substituted as a loud cabin altitude warning horn which the captain had tried to silence. The Swissair pilots WERE communicating, but they had wasted valuable time circling and dumping fuel.
Hmmm Now the Malay Government says they don't suspect the Pilots !!! They must have run out of scenario's.... So here a new theory not yet discussed or reported in the press. During 9/11 the plane that went down in PA is said to have happened because the passengers revolted and tried to take back the Aircraft. So perhaps it was a high Jacking, the transponder was turned off by Terrorists and they killed the Pilot and Co Pilot. then either lost control or the Crew and Passengers tried to take the aircraft back.. Hence a long flight over see until it crashed.... So if the Malay Government has no other answers, lets go with this one so everyone on board except the terrorists is thought of in high esteem...... It won't bring them back but at least the families will hear something good for a change......
Why would you want to turn ACARS off? Because it's sending bursts of data from the plane, every thirty minutes. Sent data can be tracked back towards its source. If you wanted to evade detection and weren't stupid, why WOULDN'T you turn ACARS off? While I don't give Malaysian officials much credit for anything at this point, it's an established fact that the transponder and ACARS went out in short order --- and the simplest single explanation is that they were indeed switched off. Any other assumption requires relying on extra data we don't have. Not that it's impossible the crew might've been trying to save the aircraft. But they could just as easily have been hijacking it. Trying to brush up the former possibility as a given is just as bad as brushing up the latter in the same way.
...and hind sight is 20/20, a character most reporters excel in. Given the times we live in, it makes perfect sense that the investigators would consider all possibilities. The mistake the Malaysians made being inexperienced in this sort of thing, they let public pressure make them talk about aspects that were better left behind closed doors. You did not see anyone from other countries helping with the search step up and talk about how way off base Malaysia was did you? Any #$%$ can get on the news and talk about how dumb they looked AFTERWORD.
There are three large pieces of debris that satellites have picked up on. There pictures are not clear enough for experts to actually come out and say that they are from missing flight MH370. Yet when the search and rescue ships arrive at the proximity, the debris seems to have vanished. This is getting to be a magician's show, Now you see it, Now you don't. Unless as there is physical proof from an actual piece from flight MH370 and the black boxes recovered, I am NOT going to believe anything else the Malaysian government and the experts say.
WHATS WITH ALL THE BRITISH JOURNALISTS ON OUR AIRWAVES NOWADAYS?- Federal Reserve Act effects a consortium of 7 privately held Jewish banks called the Federal Reserve Bank. The largest share holders of the bank are the Rothschild’s of London holding 57% of the stock which is not available for public trading. THE JEW Paul Warburg (1868-1932), came to the United States from Germany in 1902, buying into the partnership of the Jewish owned bank Kuhn, Loeb and Co. with the financial backing of the Rothschilds. Paul Warburg was a man with a mission, sent here by the Alfred Rothschild to lobby for the passing of a Central Banking Law in Congress. On January 6, 1907, the New York Times published an article by Warburg, called “Defects and Needs of Our Banking System.” In 1908, Sen. Nelson W. Aldrich, (father-in-law of John D. Rockefeller Jr), and a Rothschild agent, proposed a bill recommending a Central Bank. A member of Congress for 40 years, Aldrich was the most powerful man in Congress and was the Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee. Without going into the labyrinth of the contrivances of the Jewish Bankers and the Jewish propaganda machine, on October 25, 1914, the formal establishment of the Federal Reserve System was announced by Congress with Paul Warburg and the Rothschild ally, J.P. Morgan, at its head.
not liking the jews I see.....
not liking all these brits that appeared out of nowhere and this is the connection thats most plausible.
yeah but to just add the j word only makes you look neo-Nazi....or Italian....
well since you like bad humor and dislike jews I have one for ya.... What is the difference between jews and pizzas?.....Pizzas don't scream when you throw them in the oven.
being anti zionist doesnt make u a nozi--get that fact straight first..there are jews who are anti zionist too..and if i were a nozi i would be for the kiev fascists and im not
maybe you shold use the Z word next time.....just sayin.....
"Yet there is an important difference here—Malaysia Flight MH370 was less than an hour out of Kuala Lumpur and just beginning its cruise when whatever happened caused it to change course. Air France Flight 447 was already three hours out over the Atlantic and it was perfectly normal for a captain to have left the cockpit by that time, greet some VIP passengers and to trust his very experienced first officer to handle the airplane. (First officers do most of the flying anyway)." Here lies the concern, the aircraft was around a lot of land, albeit was night, but the plane didn't try to communicate with the ground or all of its systems malfunctioned, no reports of SOS, and a heading change that was opposite the original heading. If this was an accident then the aviation community needs to know for future reference what happened.Why the plane continued to fly so far south when it diverted course over water, but between the nations of Vietnam, Thailand, and Malaysia and continued on a southerly heading for so long rightfully raises suspicions.
Yes. Does this story mean that none of the other evidence that the course taken by the plane was "skillful" in avoiding radar concentrations now counts, or that the altitude changes seemed purposeful, not random, are out the window? Or is this just the new ' theorie du jour' brought to us by our creative news organizations?
Or just saying that the ever changing story of sinister doings could be due to mechanical problems. The article is hinting as well that the plane did not reach 45,000 feet. Anyone heard about that?
There is no hard evidence that the aircraft climbed to 45,000ft, nor that it descended to 12,000ft. This came from primary radar only and it may not even have been MH370. Inmarsat say their data shows it stayed about 30,000ft at all times. So evidence points to it remaining at its normal cruise altitude until fuel exhaustion caused it to crash into the ocean.
I can't get past no "mayday-mayday" or SOS of any kind what so ever. Just pure silence.
After echoing the message "Good night" something strikes and damages the plane, injures all the pilots and passengers some of who are thrown in the air . Despite the fact, the injured pilots fight hard to control the damaged plane. In the process the pilots pass on one by one leaving the plane take its own course, it loses height and plunges in the ocean.No reaction time for anything considering the communication and radar system was disabled by the damage. What could have hit this plane?
First, when I saw this was an article by the daily beast, I immediately distrust it. Second, the more this story goes on, the more it begins to stink...pre-programmed turns, flight altitude up then down, comms deliberately shut off, the Malaysian Government completely in disarray, on this, from the beginning. I'm not a conspiracy theorist but this is beginning to have the strong indications of a cover-up. If they don't recover the black boxes, then what really happened may never be known...nor will the reasons. Reality.
And of course, if it is 'THEY' who discover it - then how will we be able to check what they tell us the black box says?! ... Or even if it is the right black box. ... And so doubts and despair go on...
Which of the stories did you choose to believe? All the different possibilities invented by the media. Which was your choice? None of them are proven true yet. They are all invented on limited data and facts. But this is how the media works these days. You would swear they were politicians. They take those unproven facts and half truths and build stories to attract and tantalize you. Now they have your attention and they build on it with every unproven fact to come down the line. And they got you all. But, I'm just curious, how many of you would really rather believe this unproven fact , that these pilots were actually trying to save this plane? What I read here tonight not many. Well I would. I will continue , until proven otherwise , to believe the best of that crew. My disdain goes out to the media for the #$%$ they have put us all through on this story.
I would love to believe they were trying to save this plane, zipstrip2001. I would love even more to believe that they landed gently on an island, filled with all they need until they are found and rescued and that everyone is safe and happy. Unfortunately, common sense tells me otherwise.
Do we really think that all three of those pilots, with all those thousands of hours of flight time all of a sudden turn into wackjobs that would do such a thing? Come on people, I'm not buying any of it. These guys might not have been the best pilots in the world, we'll never know. But they were trying to save that plane. I'm pretty sure they knew they were in the middle of nowhere and had to make a decision. They just couldn't make it to safety.
"at 45,000 feet, well outside its safe flight envelope, it would have been uncontrollable..." Sorry, but while it if outside the recommended operating envelope the airplane would not be "uncontrollable" at 45K. It would be easy to put into an accelerated stall at that altitude though. Still, this isn't NEW information, it's just someone FINALLY considering the possibility that this wasn't a deliberate or terrorist act. While we don't KNOW if this theory is valid, what we DO know is that based on the complete lack of evidence we have, it is no more and it is no less valid than EVERY other theory being thrown around out there. The reason no on is presenting this theory in the major media however is that - it's not sexy. Hijackings generate readership, pilots trying to save their plane and failing don't so you KNOW which theory the media has been all over.
I hate to play the pessimist but this is garbage. It's a measure taken by Malaysian airlines to somehow put the blame on the Boeing aircraft and thus, even slightly, reduce their liability. The fact is, every airline pilot has followed this case since the beginning and not one of them has come up with this scenario. Not one! If literally thousands of experienced pilots and investigators haven't come up with this scenario, then I can hardly believe that this is what happened on the flight.
Everyone needs to remember "Helios Airways flight 522." You can read about it on Wikipedia. Almost similar scenario on a smaller scale. The loss of cabin pressure can cause lapse in judgement which might explain inadvertently turning off critical systems before the flight deck crew and eventually all the passengers passed out leaving the plane to drift and run out of fuel. A wild possibility but something that explains why the plane was set on course for such a remote location.
I am thinking on a similar train of thought. But why didn't the emergency oxygen masks fall to give them time to descend to a safe altitude of below 10,000 ft. Unless of course the emergency oxygen tanks were empty, and if so, why ?
On the Helios flight the pressurization was set to manual which prevented the automatic detection to kick in. One simple change in a switch from manual to auto would have saved that flight because even if Hypoxia set in the system eventually would have re-pressurized the cabin and they would have regained consciousness in time to take control. Of course a 777 is a much more sophisticated aircraft but all it takes is a series of critical events followed by a series of bad actions to bring disaster.
Malaysia Airlines has a moral responsibility to spend whatever resources are necessary to keep searching for the plane until it's found. The international community has responsibility to provide whatever aid they can to assist Malaysia Airlines until the plane is found, and keep the pressure on until the important questions surrounding it's disappearance can be answered definitively. I hope Malaysia Airlines doesn't think they can announce their theory that all is lost, and then tell the relatives of the passengers essentially to "move along....there's nothing to see here", and expect this issue to just completely go away. If that's the case, this airline needs to be sued into bankruptcy...and beyond if necessary.
You make it sound like it was Malaysia Airline's fault.
Not their fault, but it is their airplane, and the onus of the responsibility for finding it does lie with them. If it had been a Delta flight, then Delta would have the responsibility.
I recommend pilots have the ability to override all computer systems in aircraft as computers have "glitches"which can not always be corrected in timely fashion. E.g., have you ever had a computer glitch at home or at work which did not make sense? Now, think how this might relate to aircraft with lots of computers and software. Do you think that very expensive satellites being sent into space have the latest software? No, of course not, they use older but safer and sounder computers and software which have been through alpha, beta and omega debugging after millions of hours of use and testing.
In a Boeing aircraft the pilot has total control of the computer systems...not so with Airbus who think the best skilled pilots are little more than trained #$%$.
Pilots can do this, even in Airbuses, Leo. My DH is a Airbus pilot and he can hand-fly the plane whenever he deems it necessary. For example, it can auto-land, but he nearly always lands it himself.
@Garym, you don't know much about modern avionics and aviation based computer systems I see.
There is so much ambiguity with the press discussion in this bizarre case that we may never know what really happened. None of it makes any sense whatsoever. Why fly the airplane into the oblivion of the Southern Indian Ocean? The only gut feeling is that there was a very short period of panic to save the passengers and crew from an electrical fire that took most if not all of the communications systems but not disable the avionics and the pilots died from smoke inhalation before the airplane was able to land and the trajectory of the 777 took it until all of the fuel ran out. Who knows if the passengers and crew were alive until they hit the water trying to penetrate the cockpit doors which should have been locked. The descent to 12,000 seems reasonable to get the cabin cleared of smoke but maybe the pilots didn't live long enough to land the 777 and it just kept on flying... When you are in a frenzied panic, keying SOS on the microphone may not have been possible. Maybe there wasn't enough time to do anything. This is a tough one. Or, it was a head scratching act of suicide/terrorism??? If that's the case, why not fly the plane into that very large building in Kuala Lumpor? This would go down in history as the all time dumbest act of terrorism. Usually the passengers are used as pawns by hijackers, but to instead say fly the plane until it runs out of fuel until we all die?? #$%$...STUPID. I don't believe that happened. All the pilots I see here scratching their heads probably know what happened. Why would a guy with 18,000 hours of flying experience all of the sudden turn into a suicidal terrorist? I think most of the pilots here are correct in saying it seems like they were trying to save the plane. Just don't think the pilots had that much time. The handling of this event by the Malaysian government is way out of line, but what do you expect from people who have no public relations experience. In fact, they are idiots with no sense of compassion for anybody. Believe it or not people, sometimes events like this are legitimate and the press screws it up. Wouldn't be the first time.
This is what I have been saying all along. If it were an act of terrorism, some kind of statement for the sabotage would have been put out there. I just had trouble believing that the pilot with the experience this one had would suddenly turn terrorist. It seemed far more likely to me that something went suddenly wrong, and he spent his last few moments quickly trying to save the plane.
The fact could be so damned simple: #1 The guys/gals sitting in front of the computer monitors of the Malaysia airport control center as well as civil/military radar systems are not qualified for the jobs. #2 A lot of guys/gals that were scheduled on duty to sit in front the computer had gone to nowhere when the MH-370 was struggling and crying for help in the sky and getting to response/Roger echoed back from the ground. In the very beginning, Malaysia officials had only one thing/lie to cover: “We don’t know what to tell, because none of the on-duty staff were sitting on their chairs and thus none of them knows what/when/where/how has happened.” As we all know, it takes 100+ new lies to cover 1 old lie, therefore, as they eagerly to cover the single original lie, the Malaysia officials created millions of lies in no time.
hmm....interesting point.....wonder if this could be true....wonder if this was the last flight out of Kuala Lumpur that night.
Geo Wash, slave owner, was not qualified to be a public official!
What a waste of time to read this trash - the only thing not speculated on was Aliens abducting them. Pure and simple, one of the pilots struggled for control, dumped the cabin pressure, set the heading south, and flew into oblivion in the Indian Ocean. We'll probably never know and such articles are only designed to further hurt the surviving families. Considering the ineptness of all in charge until the last few days, there is no one in this sceario who should be trusted to be telling the truth.
Actually I have already made the claim that they were abducted by aliens...
Yes, everyone involed are liars huh? I suppose even tho you know absolutley nothing about it, you're opinion is the ONLY one to be considered "the truth"
First of all, There is STILL NO CONFIRMED WRECKAGE! Dennis, you somehow know the facts and that it is pure and simple??? How can the Malaysian officials look at photos, that no other expert is willing to commit to as being the plane, and state so matter of fact that 'The flight ended in the Indian Ocean".??? A plane flew for three to four hours after being so unstable that pilots couldn't control it??? Or to speculate a loss of cabin pressure or smoke from a fire??? Flew for another three to four hours??? Yeah that makes total sense...
The first clue that the information being bandied about was suspect, should have been the assertion that the plane somehow managed to get to 45,000 feet! If you loose cabin pressure the first thing you're going o do is get the airplane down to something around 10,000 feet...if you know a "fact" to be impossible, you might come to the conclusion that the rest of the information is nonsense...a news anchor suggesting a "black hole" might be responsible is another good example of nonsense!
Points to consider (and predicated on the strong possibility this was not a hi-jacking event). 1. A cell signal begins to degrade above 2,500 feet of altitude and is impossible to acquire at 35,000 feet of altitude. No cell service, no text messages/phone calls from the passengers. 2. Even if #1 above were untrue, there are no cell towers on the ocean. No cell towers, no signal to acquire. 3. In a severe in-flight emergency, contacting ATC would be near the bottom of the checklist. a) contacting ATC would waste precious time needed to address an emergency, and b) ATC can provide no immediate assistance. (Aviate, Navigate, Communicate). 4. Turning off comm equip -- depending on the in-flight emergency, the checklist might include turning off all electronic equipment that is not necessary to keep the plane in the air. This would be necessary to isolate the cause of the emergency. Radio and transponder are not required to keep a plane in the air. 5. Turning the plane 180 degrees -- Present dogma would suggest that in cases of an in-flight emergency, the correct course of action is to land at the nearest capable airport. That airport may be behind the plane. 6. Pilot with flight simulator -- Not uncommon. Pilots, as professionals, strive to improve their skills -- just like CPAs read journals and texts (on their off time). Flight simulators, similar to the one pictured with the pilot, can be had for less than $10k. (Google Pilot Shop to see one).
all makes to much sense for the speculators
Until otherwise proven, this should have been the correct assumption from the start. Malaysian government caused so much confusion.......
I think the facts, once (and if ever) known will be far less sexy than the speculation.
So if any of your 6 points are true how does the flight go as Far South to Australia some 6000 miles further? That part makes no sense unless they are all dead and the plane is on Auto pilot? Or they dropped the Gold in the sea and abandon the plane?
Nope, not buying it. I'm sticking with the Black Hole theory as presented by CNN.
my CPA reads his mail on my time so he can bill me for it.
I've been to pilot school. 1. A cell signal begins to degrade above 2,500 feet of altitude and is impossible to acquire at 35,000 feet of altitude. No cell service, no text messages/phone calls from the passengers. There is a satelite phone on the back of each first class seat. No cell tower required. 2. Even if #1 above were untrue, there are no cell towers on the ocean. No cell towers, no signal to acquire. Many passengers also would have had satelite phones. They are expensive, but quite common in Asia. 3. In a severe in-flight emergency, contacting ATC would be near the bottom of the checklist. a) contacting ATC would waste precious time needed to address an emergency, and b) ATC can provide no immediate assistance. (Aviate, Navigate, Communicate). THAT IS TOTAL BS!!! That's like saying an ambulances lowest priority is turning on its siren! You can't just rush around like a manic without signaling you're dealing with an emergency. You not only run an risk of killing everyone in the vehicle, but quite a few people outside of it too. 4. Turning off comm equip -- depending on the in-flight emergency, the checklist might include turning off all electronic equipment that is not necessary to keep the plane in the air. This would be necessary to isolate the cause of the emergency. Radio and transponder are not required to keep a plane in the air. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? A plane is just a glider with a propulsion system. Taking off and landing is an issue, but once you are in the air it takes very little to remain aloft. Don't believe everything you see on TV. Planes can glide for quite a ways without fuel, or even an engine. Cutting the transponder would have bought them nothing. 5. Turning the plane 180 degrees -- Present dogma would suggest that in cases of an in-flight emergency, the correct course of action is to land at the nearest capable airport. That airport may be behind the plane. If you are turning the plane around and heading back to an airport, you'd better contact air traffic control. This is like doing a U-turn and driving the wrong way on the freeway. You're flying right into the path of oncoming aircraft. 6. Pilot with flight simulator -- Not uncommon. Pilots, as professionals, strive to improve their skills -- just like CPAs read This is the one true statement you've posted here.
Monika, by chance was your flight school named "Holiday Inn Express"? 1. Satellite phones are apparently available on Maylasian airplanes. There use (read being turned on or off for passenger use) is controlled by the flight crew. Under the scenario others have outlined, it is possible the system was turned off by the crew. 2. Satellite phones may be heavily utilized in Asia. However, they require an external antenna when used within an enclosed space (source: BlueCosmo Satellite). 3. Pilots have stated communication with ATC would be last on list. 4. Are YOU kidding me? No shet Sherlock. I didn't even suggest what you stated. Turning off communication equipment would be a tactic used to isolate a problem -- Nothing more, nothing less. 5. Professional airline pilots (unlike those who have attended flight school), suggest getting the plane on the ground as rapidly as possible. Plus ATC would have provided guidance on other nearby traffic (prior to the emergency). So turning around would have been unlike a uturn on the freeway. Monika, your community will be well served if you never fly a plane.
Monika, you say you've been to pilot school but you didn't mention what airline your flew for or what airplane you own or how many hours you've sat in the pilot's seat. I took wood shop in school but I'm not a carpenter.
Monika, Incidentally, my items #1 and #2 relate to cell phones, not satellite phones. Many posters have questioned why cell phones were not used by passengers. I notice you couldn't refute my comment regarding those two points so you deviated to satellite phones.
I didn't say I'm a pilot. Because I'm not a pilot. I went to the same ground school that commercial pilots go to because I work with pilots. If I wanted to be a pilot I'd just need to go to flight school and get my license, but I have no intention of doing so. From what I've learned, it's got to be one of the most boring jobs in the world. What ground school did you go to?
Fine David, why didn't they use their satellite phone then?
Did you pass a federal carpenter's exam in woodshop, ConsiderThis? I've got the equivant of a learner's permit for an airplane.
Monika, please reference my earlier post where I sourced BlueCosmo Satellite. They indicate personal satellite phones do not work well from within enclosed spaces and recommend an external antenna. As far as the phones available on the airplane for passenger use... the system is controlled (on/off) by the plane's crew. As such, would it not be possible for the system to be turned off? I am not suggesting anything nefarious, but rather if there was something going on (e.g. in-flight emergency), it is not beyond the realm of possibility that non-flight critical systems (e.g. comm systems) would have been turned off in an attempt to isolate the presenting problem. Many commercial pilots have stated this as a possibility.
I didn't see that on their webpage, but I did find this. (I imagine that they should disclose they you have to step outside the plane if you want to use their phones in the air) Satellite Phones When you travel to remote regions of the world, the main benefit of having a satellite phone vs cell phone is that a sat phone can still get great coverage. As well as this, sat phones are well known for their reliability so if you are at sea, in the air or in a remote district where your cell phone wouldn't work, your sat phone still would.
Monika, Sounds like you are not familiar with marketing hype. Plus you took only a cursory glance at their website. (as you did independent research on the BCS site, I will provide you with a highly coveted and prized "thumbs up" for your comment, however). From BSC FAQs Satellite Phone FAQs How does a satellite phone work? Satellite phones must have "line-of-sight" to the satellites in order to operate. This means the antenna on the phone must be outdoors with nothing solid obstructing it's view to the sky. Anything solid can block the phone to satellite signal. e.g. Trees, buildings, hills or mountains, vehicles, etc. I am not sure of your definition, but most consider a plane as a type of vehicle. Plus, planes designed to cruise at 35,000 feet of altitude are not designed using an 'open cabin" concept. (Sure, it would be great to gaze at the stars during night flights). However, that pesky pressure hull prevents an unobstructed line of sight to the satellite -- a requirement necessary for a sat phone to work. I am beginning to question the line of 'work' you perform with pilots. You're not a groupie are you?
I've found that the more people are adamant about their skills.....
I'm still waiting for the two of you Yahoos to state your own credentials...
Monika, other than a student pilot and pilot groupie, you have demonstrated no credentials yourself. If you read the first line of my original post, I stated "points to consider" On my first two points you deflected by bringing up satellite phones, and then went on the criticize each of the following points, save for the last one. FWIW, I enjoy aviation. Although I have not gone to ground school like you purport you have, I am rather well-read on the subject, and have spoken with a number of pilots about flying. I am not holding myself out to be any type of expert (as you appear to do), but rather am expressing opinion that is based on fact. Please, don't pursue flying a plane. You would be a danger to yourself, your passengers, and any unfortunates on the ground.
So you're pulling these "points to consider" out of your behind? That's what I thought. Let me know what airlines your pilot friends fly for so I'll know they only send out a mayday and alert ground control of radical course changes from their registered flight plans whenever they get around to it.
Monika, thanks for your well thought out response. I realize it took a lot of thought and effort on your part. Your comments have been entertaining and amusing to say the least.
This was brought up a long time ago by an ex-pilot. He said exactly this. It was titled-a simple truth about the Malaysian plane-or something like that. Google it. It was a very well written piece about what probably happened. But we never read about this. Just all terror stuff. Makes you wonder who the news agencies are working for. If an ex-pilot can say there was probably some problem and the pilots were trying to save the plane, why did not agency pick up on this?
Most news sources work for their advertisers--whatever gets more people to see their advertising is what they print or jabber about. A few work for their ultra-rich employers who use the news sources they own to advance their political and social agendas.
"If an ex-pilot can say there was probably some problem and the pilots were trying to save the plane, why did not agency pick up on this?" One word: Sensationalism
A Startlingly Simple Theory About the Missing Malaysia Airlines Jet BY CHRIS GOODFELLOW
An ex-pilot? How about current pilots? If I have a fire or smoke in the cockpit. 1. Don OXY masks, select 100% 2. Don smoke goggles. 3. Select MIC/MASK to MASK. 4. Declare EMERGENCY. Immediate return or if not avail, first acceptable landing field. Landing weight be damned. Unless a wing was currently being ripped off, there is no reason for not communicating a MAYDAY. After the FO signed off to switch to the next ATC facility, the aircraft turned 90 degrees and descended to 34,000, that was by radar data. Pilot knew that turning from an easterly heading to a westerly heading would require a descent or climb to an even-numbered altitude. That being said, Goodlow's article which suggests a low-pressure nose tire overheating and bursting or catching fire 1 hr after takeoff is BS. If it blew on takeoff, before V1 is called, and immediate stop would be performed, it would result in a loss of directional control and would initiate an abort procedure. This is abnormal, but is recommended. Modern aircraft such as the B777 have fire/overheat detection loops that are located in the wheel wells, if an overheat or fire had occurred, the crew alert system (CAS) would indicate such a situation. Most aircraft have the procedure to slow the aircraft to below gear extension speed and to lower the gear for windblast cooling effect. This article is just another speculative piece, no evidence but a push to "nothing to see here, move along" to the general public. Most of whom have no clue on aircraft operations other than what the media feeds them, then all of a sudden people start pontificating on blogs as "experts".
"A Startlingly Simple Theory About the Missing Malaysia Airlines Jet"
Burntkerosene, exactly! I'm surprised that the number of "pilots" who think you can just turn a plane around like a car and change course whenever you feel like it without telling anyone in air traffic control. It's called "TRAFFIC CONTROL" for a reason. You have to file a flight plan in advance and then call if an emergency comes up so you don't go smacking into other aircraft at a few hundred miles an hour.
"all of a sudden people start pontificating on blogs as "experts". " You mean like you???
Here we go again. For two weeks all we have heard is the pilots did this and did that. They sure flew a long way if they were trying to save the plane. What the hell were they doing at 12000 feet? Let's just pray they find the plane, the black boxes and the story will come out. The government of Malaysia has not been forth coming at all. Then to send the family members a text message !!! I don't trust anything information they release.
"What the hell were they doing at 12000 feet?" Did you read the narrative?
They are all dead Pamela. It doesn't matter - and even with the data recorder.... it may never be known what really happened. And I mean, what REALLY happened.
" What the hell were they doing at 12,000 feet?" Did you not read the article? When a plane looses cabin pressure, standard procedure is to rapidly descend the aircraft to below 10,000 feet to restabilize the cabin pressure and to save the lives of the crew and passengers.
What's wrong in all of these is your so-called media. The Government of Malaysia DIDN'T text the relatives to inform the big news. They actually met the relatives at the hotel where they were staying and relayed it straight to them. Common sense is needed here. Please. Something wrong with news you read everyday, including this one above
Pamela, since you clearly skimmed over the article. Here's another suggestion as to why they could have went to 12,000 feet. "Second, precipitate fall in altitude from the cruise height of 36,000 feet that would be consistent with the pilots responding to the effects of either a loss of cabin pressure or the consequences of smoke or toxic fumes in the cabin—in those circumstances it would be essential to get down to below 10,000 feet. In the case of cabin pressure, it would be done to stabilize the cabin atmosphere and in the case of smoke, it would be urgent to get on the ground as fast as possible."
As a pilot, I am always shocked when listening to the media while they cover an aircraft accident. Apart from their obvious lack of knowledge, it is quite sad to see that paid/unpaid aviation consultants off comments that are absolutely RIDICULOUS!. At this point it is safe to establish the fact that the media is not competent enough to offer opinions on aircraft accidents so please CNN, FOX, BBC, YAHOO...doesn't matter who you are, please keep your thoughts to yourself and let the people who have an intimate knowledge of aviation deal with the matter. The theory of an airline captain using a home based simulator to practice turns to carry out his "sinister" deeds was the last straw. For crying out loud, ALL airline pilots use a simulator for recurrent training where they "practice" far more radical maneuvers! Thats like saying a Surgeon of 15 years used the board game "OPERATION" to practice sinister deeds he would later carry out on his next patient.........
Actually, I don't think most of the media are competent enough to offer opinions on almost anything. All they want is a juicy story, not the truth.
Well once again the news media is a bit out of control with the numerous theories of what could or might have transpired on that fateful flight but everyone should just chill out and wait. Wait until they can (if possible) find the black box and then, maybe, just maybe they'll be able to piece more of what actually happened together--then again, maybe not. Even if they're able to eventually recover the black box, it might not contain enough info to ever figure out exactly what happened. It's just a super sad thing when so many people lose their lives.
What I find so amazing is so many countries have come to gather for a common good. No bickering no fighting just a common goal to find this plane. When was the last time you saw Chines Military plans land and stay in Australia? Their may haven been a time but I cant remember it. Yes this cost a lot of money to do this but it must be done whether we like it or not. We hear in the comment gallery are safe to pass judgment on many different thinks and topics. But in the end it really doesn't matter what we think and fell as we are a small spoke in one big wheel.. [It is called life]
The delay in handing the computer hard drive to the FBI has proved to be a source of friction between the Malaysian and US investigators, the source close to the FBI said, adding: ‘We have the technology to do this work quickly and effectively and they simply don’t.’
Not quite so innocent as they want to determine how successful other nations are at tracking aircraft etc.
This guy takes one reported altitude number and ignores the others which he has to do to reach is idiotic conclusion. The other reported altitude figures are as high as 45,000 feet, 23,000 feet , 12,000 feet and even one as low #$%$000 feet. Put those figures together and you have to conclude the pilot was engaging in extreme flying. Steep climbs followed by deep dives. A rollercoaster. Now why would a pilot engage in such dangerous ( to passengers and other crew) flying. Well, let me suggest a reason, you've locked the copilot out of the cockpit and he, other crew and even passengers are trying to open the cockpit door. If you are a crazed pilot, outnumbered 238 to 1, the only way you can get these people away from the cockpit door is to engage in violent manoveuoers that would toss anyone not buckled into their seat around like a rag doll. This would injure and even kill unsecured passengers and allow you to subdue the people on that airplane so you could fly undisturbed.
There is nothing reasonable about that, cowboy. It's something only a crazy person would do. The word you are looking for is plausible.
or alternatively this was just a tragic accident caused by technical failure ....in the fullness of time the black box may reveal what really happened (i don't know exactly what they record) but until then conspiracy theorists will have a field day!! RIP all on board..
I think that is a very reasonable interpretation of the facts (Skiba, saying this is reasonable is a description of the analysis, not the actions of the pilot, dude).
Problem being without computer control a plane like this would not fly itself for additional 4.5 hrs at 12000 feet.
I have a gut feeling about this incident. You might find this assumption of mine is not valid but as a Radar Air Traffic Controller at Cleveland Center, I have quite ggot into that cabinot a lot of Experience with all kinds of jet aircraft and their operation. Starting at the time of lost contact, no one ever brought up the fact that this aircraft was considered to be in a nordo condition or a ronly condition. A ronly condition is where the pilot can not transmit to ground controllers but possibly was able to ground controllers.ronly is receiver only. I feel whoever got into that cabin did not know how to fly the aircraft and forced the captain where to go. The aircraft is equipped with INS equipment and could set I co-ordinates and go direct there. When the air controller loses transponder code he must revert to another radar system called broad band but it takes a while to set up. The controller can transmit blindly for the pilot to make 2 turns to identify the aircraft but in this case the radar coverage was limited. The pilot then took up a westerly heading. I have researched all the possible airports in the entire with google earth and I found the aircraft was heading for Island of Sri Lanka which has 9 airports and 2 of them can handle that aircraft. He could land at night with no lites and muffled the noise. The other place I found was an Island Northwest of Indonesia. About 50 miles long. That place also has a runway maybe 3500 feet long and that aircraft could have landed there. Another possibility was in the vast desert of Austrailia . There could be a friendly force there that could hide the aircraft and possibly refuel. I see the news and all of the experts have no other answers. Third thought if the pilot was shot and the aircraft made a total straight dive in the ocean it would have splattered to Then again the pilot might have made a soft landing in water and the aircraft sank to bottom intact. My question is where are aircraft carriers which can sail to approximately position and the search teams have helicopter searching not worrying running short of fuel. Am I the only guy in the world that knows this stuff. I have lived it and experienced hi-jacked aircraft long ago,
Your thoughts are simply speculation and no more informative than what is printed several times a day. Therefore, you know nothing more than the general public. Additionally, if you want to be taken seriously you may want to work on your writing skills and paragraph management. Proof reading isn't a bad idea either.
I read about UPS flight 6 that killed the crew after lithium batteries caught on fire and it sounded remarkably similar and the pilots took the same actions. I guess there was a bunch of lithium batteries in the cargo hold which probably caught fire. First they went up to a higher altitude and depressurized the cabin to try to put the fire out which reached the #$%$ pit I think by the time they even knew there was a fire. Then they turned back, but because of the smoke and fire they lost communication and they crashed. If you read the wikipedia page about UPS flight 6, it reads just like what happened to this Malaysian flight. First they went up high, then they tried to turn around but lost all communication and crashed.
Interesting. This must be why even the post office asks if whatever you are shipping contains lithium batteries, in case part of the delivery method requires the package to be sent by air, if it contained those batteries and were told about it they would not send the package by plane. This makes a lot of sense, however still can't really figure out if there was an explosion or fire, why the plane continued to fly for several hours? Autopilot, and then ran out of fuel finally and crashed?
Yes. but it didn't fly for seven hours. It would have also alerted the airports once crossed back over.
UPS 6 were attempting to land it when they crashed and were able to make it back near the airport. They might have had some visibilty as it might have been a daytime flight. Their electronics were shot and probably had a lot of smoke. The Malaysian flight probably succumbed to smoke before they got anywhere near an airport, couldn't see where they were going and couldn't justify trying to set it down in the ocean or land at night with a cockpit filled with smoke and no radio flew until they crashed.
Exactly, highroller - there are only about 3 established facts in this whole saga, including that the plane flew on for 6-7 hrs after last communication... and yet clots keep going on about fires and crashes only an hour into the flight?! Sometimes it makes you wonder...
I read a comment some weeks ago from an airline pilot that explained that if there was a fire in the cockpit then the first response is to pull the electrical bus which would cut the ACARS etc. He also said about the turn, that as a Captain you always have in the back of your mind the nearest airport should a problem arise. This seemed pretty logical explanation. As a news item there will be many conspiracy theories and sensationalizing. Will we ever know truth?, probably not, as there is to much speculation already. I just hope that some concrete evidence can be found to give these families some closure. We all know if it was your Son or Daughter you would never stop looking. So Sad this is for these families.
You don't just decide to change course... you don't just pick an airpot and go there... What about collisions? what about the airport being closed or damaged? It is unbelievable to me that you had an emergency that would have lasted minutes, and neither pilot had a second to press his mic button and call out an emergency. When SR-111 went down, the crew was in touch from the first hint of smoke. Clearly if the plane flew on for several hours, the fire couldn't have been that bad.
And by the way, how come in other situation where there was actually a fire, nobody disabled transponders?
Whatever the emergency if there was one with the plane or occupants Saigon (Ho Chi Minh City) was the closes major airport that could have handled the plane which was on a near course to fly over that area as it was. but then the turn back. Agree that it doesn't add up. But even Fox news hardly liberal was on this band wagon of commenters nearly on par with CNN - whose coverage and varying thoughts was pathetic. The loss for all was most difficult to take much less watch as the families had been kept on a tether by the Malaysian govt.
Everything failed, perhaps coincidentally, and somehow the plane flew for hours, undetected. Perhaps the Boeing was under a drone control? With proper hacking abilities Boeing has an auto-control device. It must be considered that the ground-crews had some variation of staff that day. Additionally, two parties must not be ruled out, those being ETIM, and also CIA. Both entities would vie for Caspian oil control, or disruption. The CIA has another possible connection, being the Chinese designers of an electronic system owned by Carlyle Group, which is a major group of US Senators and Executives, including HR Clinton and Barry O'Bama. Those 8 Chinese were possibly murdered to improve proprietary security. So, it would be of benefit to CIA to lose evidence and delay any possible information via misinformation, confusion, until the voice data is erased and the black box ping-battery no longer transmits.
I heard the another plane contacted M370 using emergency radio
So if he was headed for a landing strip, how did he end up in the southern indian ocean??
BF, obviously the crew were incapacitated shortly after making the turn and descent.
They have a redudancy of electronic tracking built into aircraft nowadays that is failsafe,Its just too big of an investent not too,We are being lied too,Plain and simple!
@daviddoc: There are two airports in Malaysia, Pulau Langkawi and Pulau Pinang that are closer than Ho Chi Min City (over land) and back to Kuala Lampour (over mountains). They did what competent pilots did. @BF: They would have flown over the areas of the two fields, Langkawi and Pinang on a flight on auto pilot to the Southern Ocean.
True Brit, I guess the auto pilot must have remained working then. They or something disabled all the communication systems but not the auto pilot. The only way the plane keeps flying with both pilots incapacitated if it is on auto pilot, otherwise it crashes very shortly. I do not believe they , or a fire disabled all the communication systems but not the auto pilot.
"The loss of transponders and communications makes perfect sense in a fire. And there most likely was an electrical fire. In the case of a fire, the first response is to pull the main busses and restore circuits one by one until you have isolated the bad one. If they pulled the busses, the plane would go silent. It probably was a serious event and the flight crew was occupied with controlling the plane and trying to fight the fire. Aviate, navigate, and lastly, communicate is the mantra in such situations."
Adam, it does appear that something did indeed disable the communication systems, but not the auto-pilot. Let's hope the black box is found so we can get to the bottom of things. I'm suspicious about that cargo of batteries, which might be behind the shifty responses from the Malaysian authorities. It could be they suspect those batteries might have something to do with an initial fire and fumes which disabled the crew and passengers.
if the aircraft did indeed go down in the southern indian ocean, it will likely take years to even locate the wreckage. and the ocean there averages over 12,000 feet deep... debris and wreckage would likely be carried miles from any impact point, while heavier pieces would sink closer to the spot of the crash, creating a debris field potentially hundreds of miles across. even if the "black box" IS found (which is possible, since they contain a locator beacon that can be detected if the distance is not too great), retrieving it from 12.000 feet down - or more, if it landed in one of the trenches in the ocean bottom - will be exceedingly difficult and costly. Malaysia is a 3rd world country; how willing will they be to spend literally millions, if not hundreds of millions, of dollars on searches, deep submersibles, etc., to locate the black box? chances are we will never find out what happened. this one will go in the "unsolved mysteries" file, and the conspiracy theorists will have fun with it for years.
Until evidence is found and they have debris or recordings from the plane, all the speculation and reporting needs to stop. The story has changed so many times so far that they should just not release anything without concrete evidence to back it up. Heck, the only evidence they have now is something on a satellite. I hardly think that's enough information to speculate on what exactly happened or how the pilots "tried to save" the plane. I honestly don't want to hear any more news on the issue until I know what is being reported is 100% fact and they have determined it from concrete evidence. Listening to speculation is a waste of time.
Then get off the computer and go read a book!
The only problem I have with all this is the last turn of the aircraft out to sea. It apparently was headed toward land and then was turned to head out to sea at the last. Was this fate? I can see the upward and downward movements to put out a fire and then try to land, but that turn throws all that out when that plane turns south. If they find fire-related parts, then we can just put all this behind us and call it a coincidence.
A plane that has a fire on board,or a smoke filled cockpit 40 minutes after take off, will NOT BE FLYING 7 hours later dodgeing ATC & radars ! and switching off all communications !!!
The pilot would have known that taking a plane to 45000 ft to put out a fire would be risking his passengers and the plane.. and can only think that if I knew my plane was on fire, to try to land it as quickly as possible, a beach landing.. The guy who did this, wanted to kill himself and take as many people out with him as possible. You kill all the passengers, you fly it so far out into the ocean that there is no way to survive or turn back cause at a certain point, all the fuel was gone.. the point of NO RETURN.. Completely a stupid article.. yahoo news at it's finest.
I can greatly appreciate the recent developments but unfortunately you can't trust a single word coming from the Malaysian government. The latest change of facts appears to be a way of saving face for the Malaysian government. Make the pilots look like heroes and hope the airplane (more importantly black boxes) is never found. I wouldn't be surprised if the Malay gov't was the ones who deleted the pilots files and his computer/simulator. If there was indeed an emergency on the 777 how do you explain the airplane flying for hours after the transponders went dark? None of it makes sense. To me it looks like an incompetent government or a government trying to hide the truth. Oh, can you just imagine the poor families who are going through this nightmare? One day the Malays say something and the next day they retract their statement and tell a completely different story. Then they have the balls to text the families the airplane is considered to be downed in the ocean!!!! How can they be so cruel????
Why is everything a cover up? I don't trust the government, but this is too much. Its big brother NSA and the shadow federal reserve you have to be suspicious of
How about hacked by Russia? It explains everything. Maybe they tried to communicate but couldn't
i v been to philippines and the place is a paradise, but the people r not very used to the modern ways.
This author is an idiot. Just say what you want to say instead of the inquiring narrative. This is not a soap opera. And still, wait until all the facts are gathered. After so many days, and a very probably scenario that this may have been a hijacking, it is not the time for tongue-in-cheek, in-your-face analysis. 9-11 was a catastrophic event. The fact that all these authorities and governments still did not have their information and intelligence together on this is damning. There should be no sarcasm whatsoever, and this idiot author did a good job of it. It seems like everyone is trying to be an expert, and calling others crazies because of a different conclusion. Where was this author 7 days ago? 3 days ago? Not so smug, I assure you. The facts are still coming in. This could have still been a variety of scenarios. There is no sure thing yet.
I still have a few questions. Where is the pilot's wife and family? What does she have to say? What do the pilot's/co-pilot's hard drives show? I thought the last pings picked up were where the two possible 'arcs' began and then silence. After that, there were no more pings. So where do the pings Inmarsat used to calculate the Indian Ocean crash scenario come from? If the plane was truly in the air for so long, what signals did the engine send to Rolls Royce? Why is RR being so quiet? We knew the plane flew at low altitude for at least a while, burning up a lot of fuel. So why do people think the plane actually flew for so long and made it so far? Lastly, the 'train whistle" scenario -- the pings (whistle) would get louder as it got closer and then more faint. But that would be true no matter which direction the plane headed -- not necessarily along the arc.
"Highly unlikely" to answer all your questions.
I would imagine that the environment over there makes it a little scary to show your face. The family is probably scared of the crazies
Leave it alone, would you? You don't need to know everything
Wife is to busy crying... and planning on how to spend the insurance money. What was on the hard drive? porn, what else. Same as on your hard drive.
Tried to save the plane? then why didn't they tried landing the plane somewhere on land, instead of crashing it in the ocean? flying for hours after it lost contact, why didn't anyone on the plane call from their cellphone or even send a quick text message that they was lost or something was wrong? we don't even know for sure if the plane did crash in the indian ocean - could be debris from the japan disaster for all we know.
cell phone in the middle of the ocean at 12,000 feet?? what a genious!
None of it makes sense. Why did the plane turn sharply westwards, heading towards a waypoint called "Vampi", a navigational point used for planes heading to the Middle East. From there, why did the plane fly towards a waypoint called "Gival", south of the Thai island of Phuket. From there, why did the plane fly northwest towards another waypoint called "Igrex", a route that would take it over the Andaman Islands. From there, why did it head south and end up in the southern Indian Ocean?
I believe the pilots were hero's. Something happened quickly that causes the plane to become decompressurized and the pilots could not breathe. So one or both immediately punch in a coordinance to the nearest airport and programmed in the plane to go down from 35,000 feet to 13,000 feet where everyone would be able to breathe. Unfortunately by the time the plane got to 13,000 feet everyone was dead or unconscious. So the plane just flew till it ran out of fuel and crashed. I thought this happened from day 1, but the talking heads were more interested in more nefarious events. 9/11 happened, but not everything is terror related.
If the pilots knew something happened than why didn't the pilots radioed in to air traffic control?
Maybe they could not breathe and therefore the could not speak. Maybe they were racing to make course corrections and they were overcome with toxic fumes.
Good article. The Malaysian airlines and their govt have been despicable in their actions throughout this whole ordeal. They have been stonewalling, blatantly lying, making up false accusations, and quite honestly impeding the investigation and rescue efforts. If I didn't know any better, they really hiding something. I will NEVER EVER fly Malaysian Airlines ever again. You couldn't pay me to fly on that despicable airlines after what they put the families of the lost passengers through, not to mention the underlining fact that they are either incompetent or trying to coverup something.
CNN and FOX both really slanted the news. I sat there and just could not believe what I was hearing. Suddenly everybody knew more than the pilots. I think they had lined up outside every out of worked pilot in the country. And every one of them had their own theory as to what the pilot's should have done or were doing. And yes as far as the families were concerned they were filming with the other press people too. And then saying how disrespectful the other's were. And yesterday, as soon as they found out the hunt was off they suddenly had the lawyers lined up all ready to sign up those who lost love ones. Where is the airplane, where is the wrong the pilots did. Never so much misinformation, finger pointing, and theories being presented as facts. Just sad for the living to have to hear what they were hearing.
Of course, for any of this to be accurate we have to believe that the pilots had some type of emergency but didn't try to notify anyone, at any time that they were having an emergency and were changing their route to return. A plane that big.. you don't just change course and do what you want.. you have to request a new course and a runway to be cleared for you. So, if the pilots planned to change route, go back, land on a runway and not tell anyone about it.. well, then maybe this is a possible scenario.
Still not found a good reason why the plane ended up way down in the South rather than out to the middle. If the plan made the course change for the nearest airport then that choice was very obviously Palau Langkawi. Their turn falls directly in line with that airport and makes a beeline for it. And if for whatever reason the pilots were incapacitated afterwards and the plan just auto flew until it ran out of fuel then that would be in the middle of the Indian not the South.
I wouldn't assume that the aircraft was under control by the autopilot the entire time. I'm imagining the 777 has a fairly sophisticated ability to maintain somewhat level flight on its own without pilots or autopilot, it wouldn't surprise me if a turn toward the south or a climb and then descent were simply how the air was pushing it as it flew uncontrolled. Even a small single engine airplane will stay in the air for a long time if trimmed right. If the autopilot flew its programmed course to the nearest airport, what happens if nobody is still around to land the airplane when it gets there? I would imagine it just turns the navigation off and keeps going blindly on that heading.
to me the fire theory doesn't fly. they had just said goodnight. a fire in the wheel well would have caused problems sooner so would a cargo fire or at least it would give the captain time to declare an emergency with the sensors going off. I still say its a windshield issue. on the british airways flight that lost its windshield they were climbing and the co pilot had stepped to the rear of the cockpit and was able too climb back. also they were at 270 mph not 500 plus like this plane. the windshield may have cracked and they were turning around slowly when it blew. in that scenario no time to comunicate
A redirect still puts them on the course of their initial turn West on a track for Palau Langkawi. Nothing seems to make sense why they ended up in the south Indian.
I think this article is valid in saying that we no concrete evidence or logic was found to point to the pilots outside of the fact that they were flying the plane. It's what is not said that is stupid. Forget the isolated tidbits and go with facts only. It seems like too many things happened for this to be an accident so severe that the pilots could not even contact the airport. It may not have been the pilots, but is their any logic left to say it was an accident? Transponders off, reprogrammed path, precipitous drop, no attempt to return to Malysia to land, followed by another turn and hours of flying to the middle of nowhere. If they depressurized and the pilots (or whoever was in control) survived the drop to 12000 feet, why did they not swing back to Malaysia. This is a terrible tragedy. I am still waiting for real reporting from professionals knowledgable and honest enough to report what can be stated from the facts. This is too important an issue to conclude it with articles grasping for headlines and internet hits based on innuendo.
Have the Malaysians finally stopped trashing the pilots? Malaysians never trashed the pilots. It has been the US, Western media and speculative, opinionated people who have been pewking out negative comments. I am almost 100 % sure that if the country of this unfortunate airliner was France, Britton, USA, Israel or even India the media speculations, comments and advices would have been totally opposite showering the Pilots ( even his practice on his home made flight simulator) would have been very positive and complementing to the pilot, the copilots and the crew. But guess what! unfortunately the country of the airliner is Malaysia. What can I say. Filthy politics. Filthy news media and filthy mentality of those who have been oozing out their hatred against Malaysia.
A lot of people are saying this still looks suspicious because he didn't follow procedure and radio first. They're missing the damn point. He was the pilot and he had a decision to make. Once the plane started filling with smoke and possibly toxic fumes he knew he might only have moments. He could radio for help then set to the job of programming the plane onto it's new course straight and level but if he succumbed before he completed that task then he'd have no control over where the plane came down. If it was still in a slow descent or otherwise losing altitude it might not hit ground until it had crossed back over into Malaysian airspace and at that point, with crew out, it could come down anywhere... a neighborhood, a school... a hospital. Or he could set the plane on a true, straight course with the autopilot programmed THEN try to contact someone. He chose the latter course... and it was the correct course because he didn't last long enough to radio for help or even activate an emergency alert. That can only mean that the rest of the crew were already out. It also means that by the time that plane crossed back in to Malaysian space the crew and passengers were, most likely, already all dead. That was a plane load of dead people flying itself. Their fate was sealed when the fire or explosion (or whatever else it was) occurred. But because he made the choice he did a far greater disaster was averted. The first priority of ANY good pilot in an emergency situation like that is to make sure the plane is set so that if it DOES crash it will harm noone on the ground. There's a good chance that when/if all the facts are known this man will be seen as a hero...
If there was an electrical fire that fried communications, after you get the fire out, who are you going to call?
so it WAS terrorism in the beggining? they may have found debris announced about 3 or 4 times. Now its not consistent with terrorism? The pilot turned off the transponder. the ELT's were disabled and the thing may be somewhere in the south indian ocean? So this aircraft was headed to japan, turned around and disappeared with possible evidence somewhere off the coast of australia? the plane traveled for lets say a few hundred miles minimum. If they were trying to save the plane, where the hell were they trying to take it for a safe landing? I don't buy it. especially since there was 2 middle eastern pilots with a middle eastern flight attendant and 2 confimed Iranians with illegal pass ports. Who screwed up bad enough that now they are trying to say it was not a high jacking. There were 20 engineers with Freescale Semiconductor, a buisness that builds military aircraft technology, on board that plane. When we start seeing prime ministers giving updates, a bunch of false trails and the media cant get the story straight, i call BS.
The transponders stopped communicating 12 minutes after they last communicated with ground control. But, it could have been an electrical fire or other catastrophic failure of the system that caused it to stop working. The initial guess is that the pilots turned it off. But, there's no proof of that. Where they were trying to take it for a safe landing is where they came from. Hence basically a U-turn back to Malaysia. They weren't Middle Eastern pilots, they were Malaysian. And, the aircraft was originally headed to Beijing, China, not Japan. What have you been watching this on, Fox News?
Calm down, adam. Take a valium and chill. I think Paul is right, you've been watching way too much FauxNews for your own good.
Here's the best interpretation of observed events I have seen yet. Posted elsewhere here by barry: A pilot's view MH370 A different point of view. Pulau Langkawi 13,000 runway. A lot of speculation about MH370. Terrorism, hijack, meteors. I cannot believe the analysis on CNN - almost disturbing. I tend to look for a more simple explanation of this event. Loaded 777 departs midnight from Kuala to Beijing. Hot night. Heavy aircraft. About an hour out across the gulf towards Vietnam the plane goes dark meaning the transponder goes off and secondary radar tracking goes off. Two days later we hear of reports that Malaysian military radar (which is a primary radar meaning the plane is being tracked by reflection rather than by transponder interrogation response) has tracked the plane on a southwesterly course back across the Malay Peninsula into the straits of Malacca. When I heard this I immediately brought up Google Earth and I searched for airports in proximity to the track towards southwest. The left turn is the key here. This was a very experienced senior Captain with 18,000 hours. Maybe some of the younger pilots interviewed on CNN didn't pick up on this left turn. We old pilots were always drilled to always know the closest airport of safe harbor while in cruise. Airports behind us, airports abeam us and airports ahead of us. Always in our head. Always. Because if something happens you don't want to be thinking what are you going to do - you already know what you are going to do. Instinctively when I saw that left turn with a direct heading I knew he was heading for an airport. Actually he was taking a direct route to Palau Langkawi a 13,000 foot strip with an approach over water at night with no obstacles. He did not turn back to Kuala Lampur because he knew he had 8,000 foot ridges to cross. He knew the terrain was friendlier towards Langkawi and also a shorter distance. Take a look on Google Earth at this airport. This pilot did all the right things. He was confronted by some major event onboard that made him make that immediate turn back to the closest safe airport. For me the loss of transponders and communications makes perfect sense if a fire. There was most likely a fire or electrical fire. In the case of fire the first response if to pull all the main busses and restore circuits one by one until you have isolated the bad one. If they pulled the busses the plane indeed would go silent. It was probably a serious event and they simply were occupied with controlling the plane and trying to fight the fire. Aviate, Navigate and lastly communicate. There are two types of fires. Electrical might not be as fast and furious and there might or might not be incapacitating smoke. However there is the possibility given the timeline that perhaps there was an overheat on one of the front landing gear tires and it blew on takeoff and started slowly burning. Yes this happens with underinflated tires. Remember heavy plane, hot night, sea level, long run takeoff. There was a well known accident in Nigeria of a DC8 that had a landing gear fire on takeoff. A tire fire once going would produce horrific incapacitating smoke. Yes, pilots have access to oxygen masks but this is a no no with fire. Most have access to a smoke hood with a filter but this will only last for a few minutes depending on the smoke level. (I used to carry one of my own in a flight bag and I still carry one in my briefcase today when I fly). What I think happened is that they were overcome by smoke and the plane just continued on the heading probably on George (autopilot) until either fuel exhaustion or fire destroyed the control surfaces and it crashed. I said four days ago you will find it along that route - looking elsewhere was pointless. This pilot, as I say, was a hero struggling with an impossible situation trying to get that plane to Langkawi. No doubt in my mind!
Whether they were headed for China, or elsewhere, the question still remains: if the debris they have found is from this plane, how did it get there, so far from where it was suppose to be? Why was the plane so far off course?
They werent' - it was a suicide mission to kill as many people at a time with what they had available. Lay it all on technology you want, it was suicide. This will happen again especially if we never know the truth as to how it was done.
There was an electrical fire in the cockpit. The crew pulled the buses to try and stop it, per procedure. The pilot changed course, heading for an emergency landing site. The smoke overwhelmed the crew and they passed out or died. The plane fly SW until it ran out of fuel. No terrorists. No foul play. Just a tragic accident.
Was not the B777 the aircraft that had battery problems? If so there may be an answer. For the French aircraft it was the case of someone not wanting to take responsabilitiesI am a private-multi-instrument-commercial pilot and I was trained to face the worst to save the craft or folks on the ground. It looks that that was the course the Pilot of the B777 had chosen. Hooray for the media and the paparazy they had a field day. Now let see what can we hunderstand from that dilemma so has not to repeat it.
no..... that was a BOEING 787. the BOEING 777ER is one of the safest and most reliable aircrafts ever produced. this particular plane had an impecable safety record and spent virtually no time in the hanger for maintenence. not a battery issue.
Is it possible? The plane caught fire, the pilot lowered altitude of the plane and turned in a direction to possible safety as per training.Then engaged auto pilot or the co pilot. So pilot could access the damage. Now if the fire was severe enough it may have damaged communication system, as well as other crucial electronic systems. In a futile attempt to extinguish the fire, they are likely flying blind. Its night and no working electronics, except for auto pilot or co pilot. Finally passengers and crew are overcome by smoke the plane simply ran out of fuel. Just a theory, but would make a good movie. Bless the families of the lost souls.
Your theory is close but not exactly. It wasn't fire. It was a catastrophic decompression.
Everyone was dead already and the pilots soon to be. Even if it was intentional, the night flight prevented anyone from questioning the direction. Near the end, no cell towers for phones. My issues were that the plane made almost 90º turn and tgen somehow did another 90ºcto go south: N, then W, the S counter clockwise.
@Sam...perhaps the pilot was trying to turn around but never made the final turn?
Can a fire smolder for 7 hours? Without the gas lines exploding, literally vaporizing the plane? I agree decompression probably knocked out the passengers, but the crew had special oxygen masks for just this type of emergency.
g - If they worked. Could an electrical problem damage the drop down system?
If the plane was having issues then the pilots would have radioed in to someone. They dumped the plane in the water for reasons unknown.
Your scenario is not possible at all. !. If there were a fire why was an emergency not declared? Swiss Air 111 and Value Jet 592 both suffered fires and were able to declare an emergency. 2, If there were a fire which incapacitated the flight crew and passengers the plane would not be able to fly for another 6 or 7 hours.
Also in an emergency they would have dumped fuel. As far as I know nobody has found several thousand pounds of jet fuel in the ocean as of yet.
Uc410 - why do you assume they would have dumped fuel? They would only have to do this if they were above Max Landing Weight. The route they were doing was considerably shorter than the maximum range of the aircraft, and I believe the Malaysian authorities confirmed they were only carrying trip fuel plus usual reserves. So the aircraft would have been much lighter and Max Take-off Weight when it departed, so may have been quite close to Max Landing Weight already. Plus, if it were an emergency and they didn't get it under control before they were incapacitated, they would never have reached the point of dumping fuel anyway.
Well, it sounds like post hysteria to me with attempts at trying to make sense of it all with wild guessing. It's like throwing a dart then building a story out of where it lands. You gotta find the plane or parts of it to start a real investigation on what happened. It's like trying to convict without a body. Everything is circumstantial or speculative. The press has been burning the Malaysian authorities but how can they really know? They weren't on the flight! They're on the ground back in Malaysia! They did everything they could to try and piece together what they think might have happened based on tracking data but that's it. They were trying to come up with viable answers instead of saying "beats me..." At some point, later on someone will find that plane and the mysteries possibly solved or maybe not. The Sea can be very unforgiving.
What if... the two passengers with stolen passports (remember those guys?) were either knowing or unknowingly involved in a terrorist experiment? My theory based on information released is as follows: Two, young men of age and other characteristics matching terrorist-recruit profiles, boarded a plane with stolen passports, and with tickets allegedly purchased by the mysterious "Mr. Ali", with whom they also were allegedly witnessed to be involved in a suspicious phone conversation with the night before the flight. The two men were said to be traveling very lightly and with laptop computers. Data shows that tracking systems were systematically shut down, and the flight course was altered. New evidence proposes that the pilots may have fruitlessly attempted to correct and save the plane. Now, let's imagine someone with terror or other malicious based intentions had acquired a way of hacking into and manipulating the plane's computer systems... impossible you say? No system is impenetrable... locks and firewalls only keep out the honest and ignorant. Anyway, now let's imagine that this person wants to test out their new weapon... start by selecting a flight in an area where security might be a little more lax, and also have geological significance. Recruit two, impressionable young men (who were very likely led to believe that they were on anything but a suicide mission) to board the plane with stolen passports (possibly used to cover the trail to Mr. Ali and/or test security measures), and then at a predetermined time, use their laptops to knowing or unknowingly infiltrate the plane's computer systems. Once compromised the plane's computers (controlled either remotely or via program) could be made to shut down tracking systems (possibly to avoid raising awareness from ground control, prevent intervention and/or ultimately destroy evidence of this "test flight" in a remote location like the South Indian Ocean), then alter the course of the plane and prevent the pilots from attempting a manual override, and thus create a way of highjacking planes and turning them into guided weapons of mass destruction and terror. I could be wrong, and truly hope that I am, but this makes as much sense as anything else proposed so far. My thoughts and prayers go out to the victim's family's, who's hearts will never heal no matter what the cause is determined to be.
This also suggests their computer program shut down all distress signals, and could override the stick. Also block passenger phones. Possible, but unlikely. I'd buy into your scenario if the program could remotely start a fire in the cargo bay, perhaps with the lithium batteries, that could take out the communications. But then, how could a fire smolder for 7 hours without exploding the gas lines.
This is just propaganda and rumor being spread by the Malaysian airline industry. This is their attempt to whitewash the incident and make the evil pilots into hero's, which I feel they are not. When the flight recorder and black box are recovered then we will be able to know much more about the circumstances. This is an attempt by Malaysian airlines to reduce the amount of negligence claim insurance payouts to the deceased's families. The lawsuits and settlement payouts will be done long before the black box and flight recorder are recovered and thoroughly reviewed to determine what really happened. I still say one of the pilots went to visit their martyr Bin Laden's burial place and to bring Bin Laden an airplane and some sacrifices.
Funny but the other day I had posted about another pilot saying look for the simplest solution. He had stated that it was quite possible that the tire had started a fire within the area that it was stored and that the pilots had done everything to try and save the plane. I received many thumbs down as someone said where was the nearest airport, that theory had be debunked, etc. Now all of a sudden, it may be that the pilots were trying to save the plane and not steal it. I had stated that if you wanted to steal a plane, there were easier ways to take one then trying to have to deal with over 200 people, all who could be a possible problem for the hijackers. This article again is pure speculation, but everyone is trying to scoop each other with a story, with or without facts and proof. That is what we have to live with in today's society of "instant" news, don't let the facts, or lack of them, get in the way of a good story.
Probably the best rationale and proper perspective analysis of this affair I've read to date. Only one caveat and that is after going through the MH370/ATC transcript from take off to last words spoken to ATC allegedly by the copilot (not flying the aircraft...doing the normal Pilot- Not-Flying procedures), there is a difference in his responses to ATC, i.e., up to responses to KL Radar, he always reads back ATC instructions and states, "COPY THAT." Then, from 00:46:52, when turned over to KL Radar, he no longer follows that usage and his last sign off after being instructed to "contact Ho Chi Minh City on 120.9," he merely replies, "All right, good night." That is totally unlike his earlier progressive read-backs to KL Control Tower and KL Airport. Then MH 370 departs from the route plan with a turn to the West, and the Transponder is either physically turned off, or secondary KL Radar no longer "sees its normal code" simply because it is out of secondary radar range. That pilot to ATC conversation has yet to be properly considered.
Statistical probability suggests that it is mathematically difficult for two separate Iranian nationals to be on the same plane using stolen passports which were stolen at different times. Further that these two spent the night at the same location prior to boarding the plane. Mechanical error obviously cannot be ruled out BUT why no communication from the Pilots, why? Why no mayday? No call to report an emergency? The statistical probability points to foul play and to the two Iranian passengers who were on this flight illegally.
probability is 100% these are not real people.
Statistically those in foreign country most certainly would have found fellow countryman. Travel much?
You're probably right. Two muslims with stolen passports on a giant plane - what could possibly go wrong?
I can't believe what I just read in this article. This writer is blaming the Malaysian government for all the different versions of what we have been hearing on this plane. Well, I do believe that most of what we have heard so far has come from the media who have been making up stories as each day went by. And as far as even this article is a made up idea with nothing to back up what he is writing.
Well said and number one culprit is CNN.
CNN, much like the BBC and Al Jazeera, is an international news outlet with bureaus all over the world. I've heard that they MUST report continuously on this story (for ratings), so that means their reporters are under pressure to produce news. The question becomes, is this news REAL or MANUFACTURED?
An act of terrorism or suicide - I've always felt that neither of these scenarios makes any sense, whatsoever. If it were terrorism, what kind of statement are you making, it if no one knows why it was done in the first place? Besides this, often after something like this, some terrorist organization usually comes forward and claimed responsibility. If it were suicide, aren't there less complicated ways to kill oneself, with less collateral damage to other people? No suicide note either?? What about the copilot?
No sense whatsoever. As a non aviation person, who has a little bit of common sense, the fact that I seem to know more than the so-called "experts" on this disturbs me greatly.
Yes, and why fly for HOURS off course when you can just crash the plane sooner?
What happened is known by most of the countries.. but it sure is a good way to find out what capabilities each country has., all are trying to conceal most of their spy stuff so others cant know what they can do.. one plane full of people is not worth divulging secrets for war...
Rapid descent! If you have never experienced one of those then you don't know what your missing. I was in one of those Orange colored BRANIFF fun jets with approx. 100 others when we were told those words "Buckle up we are directed to make a rapid descent". Holy Moly all of the sudden we were completely vertical at 35,000 feet and falling. People were screaming crying and yelling. I was holding my hands over my ears that just about burst. We landed at New Orleans airport and were never told what or why that took place. I refuse to ever fly again after that in 1974.
New ride at Knotts Berry Farm: Rapid Decent
When you hear THE EXPERTS is like listening to POLITICIANS most of them were blaming the pilots (VERY STUPID THEORY) just go over their history and will beware of why?, If the airplane indeed flew that many hours without any kind of reports either per pilots or passengers?, not a trace of fuselage? if explode or crash there will be traces of something or not? if were kidnaped it should be claim as the biggest trophy, had some one ever think of how many big objects had disappear through the times leaving no traces. hopefully we will hear something soon as the whereabouts of this airplane.god bless those souls and help their families.
Some of these planes have 3-5 radios, plus satcom, plus an emergency locator with it's own battery that transmits the aircraft identity to satellites and can be turned on from the cockpit , besides two transponders for radar, and there are multiple power sources and multiple ways to tell the world "here we are" and you want me to believe they flew for hours and hours and it was maybe just a "glitch"? No technical way. This wasn't just some malfunction in any conceivable scenario.
A fire could certainly destroy all radios.
Now that they have put something out there that they can build a story around (something that a fair amount of the public will accept or at least can't poke holes in it like the first week of bologna) they are going to build the story. This smells sooooooo bad of cover up. Let me take a guess, the spin will be one of heroics because that's what the public wants to hear. The plane's systems were disabled by some evil doer and the pilots and crew valiantly fought back to regain some of the control and fought effortlessly to save the plane but to no avail. Now that we have the script and everyone approves lets get on with the movie
The problem is, and has remained, that whatever happened to the plane doesn't prove, or disprove what transpired, or the intent of anyone aboard. Without the black box, every guess is still a guess. Did the pilots plan to take the plane, but the passengers overwhelmed them? Was the ascent to 45,000 to eliminate the rebelling passengers, or the descent then to equalize the pressure after? No way to know any of it. The end of the plane doesn't answer one bit of what happened in between, way to many possible variables without facts.
Why did you even print this article. Let me guess nothing better to do. The pilots are actually the ones who know exactly what happened. The data recorders or going to only give and Idea to 70 % of what happened. SO for you office chair pilots, KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT !. You don't have a clue about what happened. Report on the facts that you get, that's it, that's your job, nothing more nothing less. Don't take the words of other office chair and couch pilots. Get the fact from the pro's. The next thing you know the pilots lost steering and had the passenger going from one side to the other and to the front and rear of the plane to steer it before they crashed. For that matter you don't even know yet if it actually is at the bottom of the ocean yet.
The problem now is, with all the knee-jerk theories passed though the media concerning this tradegy, we will always wonder what the truth really is. Even if the flight recorders are recovered we are left wondering if the final theory is the truth or a cover-up designed to protect the asian countries flaws in there air radar/defense. It's still hard for me to understand how we can lose a 300 ton aircraft yet NSA and agenices worldwide monitor every text, phone call and have spy satellites damn near creating space traffic jams competing for space.
that was the point of a government cover up
I don't think the guy writing this article has any clue what he is talking about. His theories are no better than what we have or most likely have not been told by the Malaysian Government and other authorities. I don't think there was any way the pilots could have been trying to save the flight as there would be no reason to take it over the South Indian Ocean. And even if the plane had a fire or lost oxygen they would not have been able to make the left turns to take it off its course.
Not buying that the plane is in the sea. Malaysian govt. wants to put an end to the story. Let's start with; Family of pilot moves out day before? What about the two Iranians with fake passports for one way travel?What about, "all right, good night?" which apparently is not proper lingo? Why was the tracking disabled? Then why off course and not going to the nearest airport if there was trouble of fire? Who were the people who put luggage on but didn't board? Where were they headed? One Way? How many pilots have that get up at their home and teach flying in their spare time to whomever wants to learn? Did he home school the younger pilot? What was the pilots beef with the govt? Is there any affiliation between some of the people involved?Can't just come out and say the plane crashed into the sea without evidence. Really people?
Reports indicated that the plane kept flying for about 7-8 hours after it lost contact with controllers...or something like that. I thought of Pro Golfer Payne Stewart. Stewart's Chartered Lear Jet lost cabin compression and while everyone on board the plane died, the plane kept flying on its own for like 4 hours or so before it crashed in a field somewhere. At one point, I think the Military was considering shooting it down because they thought it might crash into a populated area. I'm wondering if something like that happened. Although, with Stewart's plane, authorities knew exactly where it was and were able to track it the entire time.
Everyone has their own opinions on this flight, but no one knows anything,,it was a disaster from day one, you aren't all scientists, just people with opinions, but in a case like this talking nonsense isn't good as the press picks it up and uses it wrongly, God bless these two pilots that tried to save this doomed plane, they will get their rewards in heaven unfortunately..Condolences to the pilots 3 children and other family members, same for the co-pilot, and all the passengers...RIP
My expert opinion is that the plane crashed!
My expert opinion is that that plane was shot down because of a terrorist/ hostage situation, threatening to crash in a populated area or a military base and its a big coverup.
Nice Joanie, you begin by saying people are only providing their opinions and that they don't know of what they speak, then you go and provide your own opinion saying the pilot were saving a doomed plane. How do you know it was a doomed plane. Maybe the plane was fine until the pilots made it a doomed plane.
Ok so they tried to "save the plane." So, you are assuming that something catastrophic occurred before the plane changed course to cause the pilots to turn the plane, correct? So then, assuming a fire or whatever, why would they overshoot the mainland by like 4 hours? If it crashed in the South indian ocean, that is several hours from where they changed course. A catastrophic event such as fire or system failure doesnt explain why they would turn the plane and continue to fly for 4 or 5 more hours. Sounds like more propaganda to me.
@Mark I suppose one might surmise that the crew could have died/passed out from smoke and the autopilot kicked in and maintained the last known course; but then I doubt if the plane were burning that bad it would have stayed together for 5 hours more. I agree, I seriously think this thing was hijacked and this is a cover to convince whomever did it that the "heat is off" for now.
Sounds to me like they were all dead and the plane was flying on Auto Pilot. Like they all died before they could land it Pulau Langkawi or Pulau Pinang, both airports to the West that were routine stops for Malaysia Air with long runways. 13,000'. Kind of in in the direction that the aircraft came from. And close than Kuala Lampour where they came from with no 8,000' mountains in the way. Just nice soft water to land on like Sully Sullenberger did on the Hudson River during the day. Except, these excellent pilots would have had to land at night in the dark. If you got your information from some other place than Faux Noose or the hysterically driven CNN, you might know than.
oh...c'mon ChrisG...this is not sexy and does not fit into conspiracy theories that everyone is clamoring for. Muslim pilots, hijacking....shoot, Faux Noose knows how to milk these stories to pull ratings.
I thought about auto-pilot, but do you think that a fire erupts, the pilots take the plane OFF autopilot, turn it around, then put it back ON autopilot with the aforementioned crisis unfolding onboard? I mean, im not a pilot, so maybe thats normal, but I feel like thats hard to believe. And even if it was, the fire was fierce enough to suffocate everyone but not fierce enough to bring the plane down for 5 hours? is that what we're saying here?
This sounds familiar. Not that it is exactly what happened but there are some characteristics that are similar. I copied this from Wikipedia but, I remember it and that the Air Force Scrambled jets that could only follow the plane until it crashed. "On October 25, 1999, a chartered Learjet 35 was scheduled to fly from Orlando, Florida to Dallas, Texas. Early in the flight the aircraft, which was cruising at altitude on autopilot, quickly lost cabin pressure. All on board were incapacitated due to hypoxia — a lack of oxygen. The aircraft failed to make the westward turn toward Dallas over north Florida. It continued flying over the southern and midwestern United States for almost four hours and 1,500 miles (2,400 km). The plane ran out of fuel and crashed into a field near Aberdeen, South Dakota after an uncontrolled descent.[1] The four passengers on board were golf star Payne Stewart, his agents, Van Ardan and Robert Fraley, and Bruce Borland, a highly regarded golf architect with the Jack Nicklaus golf course design company." Only the black boxes can give us more insight at this point. Everything else is speculation.
In an investigation, all possibilities must be considered. Out of these possible theories, the news media latches onto the most spectacular. Once these spectacular theories have been mostly ruled out, the media comes out as if they solved the mystery themselves...and shame on those investigators for giving misleading information. Clive Irving begins his story: "Have the Malaysians finally stopped trashing the pilots?" I don't know about anyone else here...but I didn't read a single news story written by Malaysian investigators. All that I saw was the media publishing select theories that they deemed the most newsworthy. The pilot bashers, therefore, come from your own kind Clive. But nice try on using the investigators as a scapegoat.
The scenarios are changing because NOW the lawsuits will be aimed at who was at fault...very simple explanation of what is taking place - happens every time. Plane is now basically confirmed lost so lawsuits will be filled and they will be aimed at the people, country or company responsible. Malaysia looks like they will be blaming Boeing to avoid paying out. Happens EVERY time...go back in history and see past examples of plane crashes of similar natures. No plane found so Malaysia has a case to blame mechanical failure - Boeing...I knew it would change its tune - just takes time.
last time i heard, you need proof of wrongdoing for a successful lawsuit. since winter apparently has arrived in the alleged crash zone, finding this proof -- or, indeed, ANY proof -- could be a long time a'coming.
time to show me the money soon..
Wow. Amazing. So they were ready to pin the blame on the pilots until today? When exactly was that? Because it was announced two weeks ago that in the background check done on EVERYONE ON THE PLANE that there was no evidence they were involved in anything. The only thing that was giving investigators fits was the flight simulator at the pilot's home. That was the last vestige of "blame". Blaming investigators for doing their job is one thing; I suggest you look in the mirror when you blame someone for how the pilots' reputations have been treated. It has been the media, not the investigators, throwing things at the wall and hoping they would stick. Investigators were saying nothing of the sort. Instead, they were saying that all theories were still on the table because they didn't know what happened.
Not much thought has gone into this article. The 777 can operate at 45 000 m, as has been confirmed by Boeing and pilots. If they were trying to get to an airport with the loss of coms and navigation equipment, they could have turned west and decreased altitude, to be able to pick up lights to guide them. They would not have turned so far west that they went over the sea again and then turn south over the Indain ocean. It is impossible to fly over Malaysia and not pick up any lights, which could have guided them. If there was an emergency the easiest way would have to use the gyro to keep the 777 level and on course Vietnam at a lower altitude. They would have picked up the HMC lights and would have been able to land.
anyone who believes a fire caused a pilot to shut down a transponder and the various comm systems; is a complete idiot. in an emergency you always get your location and status out (if possible) for the very reasons we see now see (crash location and rescue). i still contend that the computer based flt controls were hacked in realtime OR a virus was preloaded into the flt plan and systems (both vary possible), this would leave the pilots "locked out" of flt control and enviro systems
contend all you want. Your theory is wrong but you are correct in one thing. It wasn't a fire.
its the only theory that makes sense in all levels and it IS VERY POSSIBLE and has been a proven flaw in fly-by-wire jets. to russky; malicious program could easily disable power to the radios and other electronics. just like a virus can disable your sound card on your PC. which is exactly what a hacker would disable first.
The problem with a fire is that pilots/crew/passengers will smell it. Therefore, there is no explanation for why it wouldn't be reported by the pilots. However, catastrophic decompression can, and does, overtake everyone on board before the pilots know a problem exists.
decompression turns off transponders hmmmm BUUUUSHTT!
@Ana N... feel free to look up information on decompression. The pilot checklist is particularly useful. The procedure for handling decompression is 1. don oxygen masks. Pilots can have as little #$%$10 seconds before becoming mentally disabled. Even with 02, the lungs don't have the pressure needed to work properly so it's still a very dangerous situation. 2. Descend immediately to 10000 feet and set coordinates to the nearest airport. 3. Set the TRANSPONDER to something called "squawk" and radio air control...
Whatever whoever decides happened, IMO, is tainted by the fact that the crew did not get off a distress call. Even in the most dire circumstances, part of an emergency checklist/procedure is to inform ATC that you have a problem. In this case, they had plenty of time to make a call UNLESS the aircraft was under control by a person or persons outside of the crew. Even in the case of SwissAir 111, a fire was eating through the overhead compartment of the cockpit, slowly destroying electrical components, but the crew carried on a distress conversation with ATC until the few moments before they crashed. Whatever Malaysia officials decide, OK, but, IMO, something else was going on.
Unless the fire originated in the communication systems in which case they couldn't call anyone
if there was loss of cabin pressure or an electrical fire it could be that the circuits that fed the radio, transponder might have been affected, thus leaving them without a radio to send out a distress signal.
A loss of cabin pressure would not affect communications unless both pilots were "sucked" out of the airplane; a highly unlikely scenario. Fire in the communications system is plausible, but another highly unlikely scenario. Another reason, IMO, for no fire is the time airborne. The plane, IF it did go down where believed, would not have stayed aloft that long with a fire of that magnitude. The fire would have destroyed the aircraft.
Not necessarily. The cabin depressurization could have happened due to a rupture of the fuselage were some power cables were damaged but would not stop the plane from flying. It is possible that it too could have damaged the oxygen supply to the pilots and knock them unconscious, thus explaining the lack of a emergency call. Plane could have flown on auto pilot until it run out of fuel.
A lot of things are possible, but the only thing that will black an airplane is a loss of generators and batteries. Even then backup instruments have their own power source. All of this is a possible scenario, but I'm still saying highly unlikely. Plus, the aircraft was headed north and made a turn southwest, most like a standard turn, so something was still working. Too many things happened after communications was lost to indicate anything but a purposeful turn, IMO.
Sure it wasn't a black hole? Or maybe an alien abduction? Maybe a ghost plane following it. That is how absurd the media got over this. To bad the psychic wasn't right. Imagine that. This was reported and the first analysis was that the plane had problems and the pilots tried to head to the closest airport. This is the best example of media hype over a tragedy. They are no longer about reporting news and facts. They have an agenda and ratings instead. How many times a day can you flash across the screen "BREAKING NEWS" and it be the same thing you said 4 hours before? This went on for days. The news media has started, well let me say, has been playing shock value and tabloid newspaper for quite some time. Why would a news anchor even ask about if it was a black hole? They are in space moron. Not on earth. This is the type of idiots that report to us daily the worlds events. Stop listening to their hype and lies.
A fire is highly unlikely.Yes it could possibly explain why the transponders went off, but most of the experts agree that a fire of that magnitude would have brought the aircraft down much sooner than it did. Also to get that far on the fuel they had on board would not have been possible at a lower altitude Also, until they actually confirm that the debris in the Indian Ocean is from MH370 we need to stop speculating. Been far too much of that.
It is the authorities job to look at every possible scenario and that includes back ground checks on everyone and of course there would be a raid of each pilots home... After all the pilots were at the helm - I personally believe authorities waited too long to inspect the pilots homes and review the flight simulator. You don't search for clues because you're condemning one of guilt - at this point, you're attempting to rule out guilt which can only be done through investigative practices. The problem was, there are hundreds of thousands of news organizations all over the world who are attempting every underhanded way to gather where authorities are in the investigation, what data they've collected and the media itself are the ones attempting to demonize individuals... It's crazy how they attempt to thwart responsibility onto the authorities. These are the same people with cameras in the faces individuals at the exact time they were informed of their loved ones demise. SICK!
The fundamentals don't ever change, in anything. I am not a rocket scientist, but if trained pilots wanted to land the plane by an emergency situation, there were multiple locations nearby. The fact that it took a sharp turn, crossed lands, and went far as the South Indian Ocean should tell you that there was more than a fire or an emergency. I am not a pilot, but even I would rather land the plane near land or on nearby water after slowing the plane to minimum. If it made a turn and flew to South Indian Ocean for hours, more likely, there was a hostile act, either by hijackers, ghost terrorists, or a suicidal pilot.
"a picture is emerging of the pilots not only struggling to save the 777 but going through precisely the steps they should in an emergency…." --- It would be great if there were some evidence of this in the article, but it's obvious that this "picture" is emerging only in the fevered brain of Clive Irving. Sorry, but changing course and descending after, not before, the last voice transmission says absolutely NOTHING about the pilots' state of mind, intentions, or level of duress from other parties. The only thing we know is that the flight systems were not disabled by fire or explosion.
We don't even really know that!!
I still think the plane was stolen & is now somewhere in the Iranian territory getting geared up to be used as a bomb transporter to some (maybe us) unfortunate country. I'm just not buying that it crashed when there is absolutely no evidence to prove that. I believe the pilots took the plane up to 45,000 & killed off the passengers, then dropped down to avoid radar. I'm not usually one to buy into the conspiracy theories, but this makes no sense.
First of all, when the Malaysians consistently change their stories, it's only natural to view them with suspicion and distrust. Secondly, in my opinion, an emergency on board seems like the least likely explanation. If the pilots were experiencing an emergency and turned the plane off-course and headed west in order to land at the nearest airport, why didn't they land at the nearest airport? They flew over several airports on their flight across land to the Indian Ocean. Why didn't they issue a mayday call? If the emergency were a fire, an explosion, an air decompressurization, how did a plane thus disabled manage to remain airborne for seven hours and several thousand miles before crashing? If the emergency were a highjacker or a terrorist, a highjacker would have defeated his purpose by crashing the plane and the group associated with the terrorist would have claimed responsibility by now. The probability the communication systems and the transponders in a Boeing 777 would have shut down without human intervention is very low, in my opinion. It appears to me as if someone who knew what he was doing intentionally sabotaged this plane. That leaves the pilot because the co-pilot was too inexperienced. When the plane first went missing, there was talk of the pilot's best friend's being sentenced to prison that week for his anti-government activism, political views shared by the pilot. Also, there was talk the pilot's wife had walked out on him the day before the flight and had taken their kids with her. Then there's the cell phone call the pilot made or received just moments before take-off. These first two events could have made him snap and become suicidal. Why don't we know with whom the pilot was speaking on that cell phone call ... cell phone records should be easily obtainable in a criminal investigation? Why was all this stuff mentioned briefly in the beginning and never again since?
a fire in the belly of the jet could have made communications or maydays obsolete. my guess smoke filled the jet and everyone perished when the jet ran out of fuel over the indian ocean.
I heard a plane flying on auto-pilot can't change altitude. Changing altitude requires manual intervention. It's been reported the plane changed altitude as it crossed over land to get to the Indian Ocean, meaning it wasn't flying on auto-pilot from the time it left its flight path to Beijing and turned west. If it had been programmed to land at the nearest airport after leaving the flight path to Beijing and turning west, why didn't it, why did it continue to fly all the way to the Indian Ocean instead? Once it reached the Indian Ocean, why did it turn south towards Australia, who would have set the auto-pilot to do that? I can't buy your theories, C.
It was reported on one of the cable TV news channels the pilot's wife and kids left him the day before this flight departed. And another thing ... why haven't we heard a peep about what the pilot deleted from his flight simulator at home? And why were we originally told the deletions were made the beginning of February, then later we were told there were additional deletions made just days before the flight departed? The deletions from the flight simulator and the party with whom the pilot was speaking on his cell phone right before take-off could provide clues as to what happened ... why the hush-up?
Sifting through all these speculative scenarios one can only guess what really happened. Possible some major malfunction did go down and the pilots descended and changed course to land quickly. But the transponder and ACARS shutting off at different times suggests something sinister. So, why didn't they land? Why go back to cruising altitude and fly to a remote area of the Indian Ocean? Why let the fuel run out in a suicidal ditch? Down right spooky if you ask me!
Also the passenger makeup, compared to their peers, suggests that the passengers likely had cell phones yet nobody was calling or texting. Also there is no GPS tracking information from their phones even though the tracking can be done while they are not used. If they were completely turned off or destroyed, the latest GPS setting would still be logged somewhere.
The phones cannot reach cell towers at altitude so no they can't get the data from the phones. If it was something catastrophic the plane could have flown on auto pilot until it ran out of fuel with everyone on board either unconscious or dead. Occams Razor needs to be applied to this one guys.
402 that is what I said. When the pilot said goodnight they put it on auto pilot. (pilots sleeping when all this occur) A malfunction or electrical fire knocking out some of the controls Air pressure being one of them. At 35 to 45,000 feet without cabin pressure killing everyone on board(Cell phones all stop suddenly 6 hrs before crash) With the navigating system not working and still on auto Pilot the plane flew until fuel ran out.
Sleeping after only an hour on duty? Pull the other one! Direction of turn? Switching off of communications? You're just way off. Cellphones don't work to make calls, which service provider do you use at 35000ft, and which country? But GPS is SATELLITE positioning, which you can downlaod as an app on yr iPhone (and track yr gf!) - so up in the sky, should be easier to track/get a signal from, no? Unless everyone sheepishly obeyed the rules and switched off and did not dare use them until wel inside the terminal (!) building! And so on. Please try and stick to the few FACTS that were established, and stop going off on scifi nerdy pseudo fantasy theories!
joeblogs actually cell phones use an AGPS receiver, this means it has a standard gps receiver but it also uses the cell towers to assist the gps lock and to speed up the locking process. without some kind of conenction to the tower or a wifi connection, a full gps lock can realistically can take 15 or 20 minutes to get that being said the airplane doesn't stay in one place for 15 min. so how can it lock on pgs position? So please try to stick to the facts and stop going off on scifi nerdy pseudo fantasy therories. lol I love it when people don't know what they are talking about but try to sound smart. The most logical "theory" is that the plane had some kind of problem that either depressurized the cabin or caused it to fill with smoke which would kill or incapacitate everyone on board and then the plane flew on autopilot or not until it ran out of fuel. An airplane at speed can be dynamically stable and fly without pilot input although the autopilot was probably activated. Occams Razor..........
Condemn it all to the media because they had been speculating and telling nonsense all the time. Malaysia Airlines did NOT just text the family members but they had also called and assigned personnel for family members of each passengers to deliver verified information aside from sending text messages. Until the plane debris/black box/anything from the plane is retrieved and verified, NOBODY knows anything for certain. It's funny how suddenly the media knows everything and delivers more than the aviation experts could tell. And sadly, most people relies on that other than reading/listening from validate sources. If you said that the Malaysian authorities have failed to locate the ill-fated aircraft, then it means that every participating countries that involve in the SAR like America who claims to have the most sophisticated instruments or whatever have failed too.
Besides being a search for a missing plane with 239 lost souls in an area in which it is almost impossible to find remains this is also turning into a search to find someone to blame. There is less evidence of any culprit than there is of 330 tons of metal. Consequently everybody else must be the target of suspicion, whether it be the pilot, the ground crew, terrorists, political parties, the airline, the janitor at Boeing, or a distraught Chinese family member. What is even more disgusting is the multiple claims of I/we could have done it better. That begs the question "Then why didn't you?" The search for answers is continuing, and it will be slow, but no assistance is provided by conjecture.
.............. next target of suspicion ...wife of the pilot ............ malaysia boleh!!!!!! .............iya lah ......
Well I “speculate” that the passengers are currently being held in a compound near a Pakistani military base (which their government will plead ignorance on) and my speculation is based more on the FACTS we know so far than this PR story is. Since my theory actually jives with someone turning of the transponder and turning the plane at a location the maximum distance from both Malaysian radar and Vietnamese radar (who was about to start picking them up), and my theory fits the climbing altitude and then diving below radar, and then flying west through an unused corridor near the Thai border, where the plane was picked up flying LOW on military radar. And why that wouldn’t need to turn Southwest after avoiding Indonesia to keep from being picked up by their radar. Since they’d be flying NORTH. But I would add that I’m just SPECULATING, because I’m more responsible that today’s so-called journalists.
I feel for the families and I hope they may soon have some answers. The FBI is now saying that data turned over by the Malaysian gov, supports the facts that the plane went down. I am not an aviation expert but I am an electronics expert with 2 degrees and 35 years experience and all this BS about it being too expensive to put tamper proof tracking devices on planes, is just that BS. It would cost about $80.00/plane to do this and the airlines will just pass it on in some type of surcharge. There is no legitimate reason for this to ever happen again. Prayers for the families and the families of the mud slide victims in Wa. state.
Agree. I can hardly fathom (no pun intended) the number of erroneous reports given by those conducting the investigation. I feel so sorry for those family members who have no idea what happened.
There most certainly is a good reason. The flight deck should have on/off control of any and all powered equipment on the aircraft. If a device heats or catches fire the first response should be and is to disco power from that device. In a major aircraft electrical fire standard procedure is to pull main busses associated with where the fire may be. Then circuits can be added one at a time in an as required basis. I would never want to be in a plane at 35,000 feet and a fire break out in a electrical circuit that nobody has control over.
Thanks for sharing useful knowledge as there is so much speculation. I think your suggestion would make sense, especially on planes making long flights like this one, where there were limited places to land. Time will tell if they can find the necessary evidence.to determine what really happened.
LOL...Randall, enclosed system, circuit breaker and Halon Gas back up...problem solved. A GPS pinger is fairly inexpensive, easy to install and safe. It would require a space about a foot in circumference.
For $80, not happening. What's the circuit breaker for? Manual breaker? Your shooting yourself in the foot. Been in aviation safety for 30 plus years. Mistakes and pitiful designs at 35,000' feet don't cut it.
Well Randall, you are a very negative person, I doubt that anything anyone says would ever be good enough for you. Go to Radio Shack and see how much a GPS pinger cost. Regardless of what you think, it is possible and cheap...they en make them to run on D cell batteries, so the lithium thing, which is looking like what happened here (they had a cargo of lithium batteries).. I have been doing this for over 35 years and I install electronics in explosive environments (grain elevators, gas hazards, etc) and have never had one blow up. You will not believe me regardless of what I say but I take my work very serious because if I mess up, it can get people hurt or killed, there are cheap, safe and easy fixes.
Well you go ahead and build one, start a company, stick em on planes after testing against all kinds of failures that will kill a plane load of people, buy the liability insurance for your company and prey everyday your RadioShack device isn't the cause of a plane crash that will take you and your company into a civil tort case and then a possible criminal case. I am not negative at all. You are trying to state something that you are naive and unrealistic about. I countered your $80 comment with realistic truths. A grain elevator and an airplane are worlds apart. I have seen what amateurish unproven devices can do and you will spend a lot more than $80 a device. And why do you say it is looking like the lithium batteries?. I contend that you should wait until the facts come out in 2-3 years vs what the k00k networks are planting in peoples mush buckets. I am far from negative.....I take my job very serious. Don't confuse negativity with my desire for perfection.
I have read quite a few articles written by "The Daily Beast" reporter and I have yet to read a credible account of any subject they have attempted disect. That, I guess, is neither here nor there however I believe this plane crash was Pilot Suicide and I will believe that until the Black Boxes are fround and prove me wrong. I have read every article written about this so called mystery (I subscribe to the Washington Post and the New York Times along with my local newspaper) and watched CNN's repetitive coverage incessantly. There is no evidence to prove anything! So we are all left with our own theories and beliefs for now. (For the record, I have a lot of time on my hands because I am not very mobile because of an accident and do not travel or even go out of the house much without my nurse plus I have always been a news buff and enjoy keeping up with National and World events.....did not want anyone to think I was just a lazy bum laying around with nothing to do but read and watch tv) And I have no idea why I felt compelled to share that.
Excellent article - after the course change the aircraft was headed for a 13,000 ft. runway, ( co-incidently also near the home of the co-pilots grandparents ), a good pilot would have closest available and capable airport available in the FMS for emergencies. An emergency decent and left turn are even automatic in some jets after a decompression ! The real question is after the decent, did the crew finally become completely incapacitated or did one crewmember finally lose a fight for the controls with the other ( or an invader ) in the cockpit, then that person climbed the aircraft again to maximize the distance out to sea, or did it climb on it's last trim setting, all on board dead, a ghost ship? Too many questions with little or no evidence - one thing for sure, the Malaysian authorities considered the pilot a political enemy, so they should not be leading this investigation - I'm glad the US and others are now involved.
I say that this 'designing the pilot out of the cockpit' is not a good idea. The main reason I don't fly. What this is doing is taking away the last measure of a person/pilot being able to take control of the plane and fly by the stick, where letting the plane fly by computer is just as capable to take a wrong steering.
The flight pass of this plane did not make any sense, that is an indication we can not view this through "logic". The person with mental issues does not action with logic - that is the reason they have mental issue. We can guess the reasons for altitude changes, however that may not follow any logic nor conditions. For anyone other than the captain taking over the plane, they will have good reasons and planning - most important of all, what do they want. For some one to run out of gas in India ocean, it does not make sense. I believe it was the captain has mental issues, 99% of it.
The fumes from the fire overcomes the pilots and they expire. The fire, however, burned out or slowed dramatically. If it had spread it would have disabled the automatic pilot or compromised the airframe leading to a crash much sooner. How long did passengers sit in the smoky cabin looking out at an endless span of ocean before some among them thought to try to force the cockpit door. Since the hijackings in the US aircraft doors have been made very much stronger. would they have succeeded? What horrific scene would have greeted them? What could they have done with all but the autopilot turned off in a fire damaged cockpit that smelled like a BBQ?
It was a red-eye flight the middle of the night. I doubt anyone could see the ocean below and it's likely that most of the passengers were asleep.
this is my guess too. a fire in the cargo area would have caused much of these problems.
Blah, The plane flew for 7 more hours. They probably woke up when the plane dived and filled with smoke anyway.
44,000 feet is not unreasonable for a jet airplane. An altitude that you can hit and an altitude you can cruise at are quite different, but 44k is only 1000 feet above the service ceiling for the 777-200 and the service ceiling is not the absolute service ceiling of the aircraft. If you are climbing at several thousand feet per minute it is easy to shoot past your service ceiling by quite a ways. You maintain level flight below the service ceiling, gain speed and then pull up...and level off again before your speed bleeds to much. It isn't a fighter jet maneuver.
This world has gotten to Pc and we need to know and say something now! People just do not seem to understand WE DO NOT KNOW AT THIS TIME! They have to have a answer forcing other idiots to come up with stuff that riles everyone up and stresses people out. They should of left it as Um we lost the plane we looking for it to help the people now. How much hate did they stir up and wont ever be able to un do at those pilot's and there families?
That's what I kept thinking, Allready!! I'd listen, at first, trying so hard to find something NEW and then being disappointed. It would have been better to say........We have no more news about_____.
I still struggle as to why it took so long to find this plane - a very large aircraft. And sadly, we will probably never know what happened on this flight. That is scary to think about. There are so many theories, and each one can be debunked in some way. All we know for certain is that this plane - in whatever way it happened - ended up in the bottom of the Indian Ocean, taking the souls of over 200 people with it. Very sad and very tragic, regardless of the 'how did this happen.' My heart and prayers go out to the family and friends of these souls.
The plane hasn't been found yet. They found some unidentifiable debris, which they haven't found again, but so far no one can confidently say what the debris is from.
And you base this on what?? No debris has been found.
@SHARP - This article must have been written earlier than the announcement came. The plane has been found via sattelite on the bottom of the Indian Ocean on 3/24, and has been confirmed as the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.
@Joe S - This article must have been written earlier than the announcement came. The plane has been found via sattelite on the bottom of the Indian Ocean on 3/24, and has been confirmed as the Malaysia Arlines Flight 370.
Malaysian Air and the Three Stooges in charge of the initial search are trying to walk everything back that has happened and been announced by them in order to minimize a lawsuit that is certain to follow shortly. The plane was deliberately diverted and the last communication from the copilot indicated no problem at all. Right afterward the flight changed direction per instructions entered into the flight system. It then flew on an additional 7 hours deep into the Indian Ocean where it crashed. The black box is needed to make a final determination but it seems VERY clear that it was a deliberate action. Malaysian officials are scrambling to cover their collective butts right now.
Right now the flight data recorders will be the only thing that can tell the real story. And comparing this to the Air France flight is making little sense. The AF pilot was just flat out a total moron who couldn't have known how to fly a plane at even the most basic level, nobody pulls the nose of a plane UP when it's already in a stall. It was obvious from the data recovered that whoever was in the cockpit should never set foot beyond the passenger section to begin with. It was also that Air France was so willing to try to dodge that fact that the pilot crashed the plane that they even tried to say that nobody on the plane would have known what was happening because it was night and they should have been sleeping. In ZERO G, sleeping..Yeah, right, I'm sure the cockpit voice recorder caught the passengers screaming quite well.
The first comment I heard about the planes ascent to 45,000 feet was that the plane was "not meant" to fly at that altitude. Does that mean it was "not BUILT" to fly that high? If so, why was it taken to that altitude? Is it possible that the plane could not tolerate the extreme difference in pressure at 45,000 feet. Could it have caused a window, hatch, or windshield to blow out.? I have NEVER believed the pilots deliberately caused the catastrophy!! Malaisian authorities should beg the parents of the pilots for forgiveness.
If a window had blown out at 45,000 feet, the plane would have crashed and not flew on for another 7 hours over the Indian ocean. Boeing planes are built and tested to withstand such altitudes, maybe even a little higher than this
Clive Irving, your article is about completely different scenario that no one has thought of, it is "original". Where were you all this time with this perfect explanations and justifications? Letting every single country, governments, people to come up with all schemes they (we) have known from books, history, games, gossips, films, etc.? Looks like, we all know that the plane will never be found nor the reason of it's disappearance will. And it's time to help the families of victims to go back to their lives (3 weeks they were HOPPING), Their lives were tormented, they need to go back to take care of their families, jobs, children, schools........ Thank you for the wise and needed article.
yeah , they must be tired from all that Hopping....they are hoping it will all end soon
Sounds at first MH370 lost communications, computer on the cockpits quits. Pilots think the alternatives and it is night. Something unusual caused the plane disoriented and pilots struggled without informing the passengers at least not to break their heart believing they will rescue and land it somewhere safely. Irrational decision, or system failure could be something to thnk about and to some extent we can assume the plane travelled long distance on its own without pilots control, meaning that if its true plane ascended to 45,000ft then everyone on that plane including pilots had reason to remain unconsious then coma. Sounds plane had technical failure, and the last person checked the flight knows everything he did. By now, the plane isnt even broken, just safe in Indian ocean bed. My prayers to the the deceased and families, this so painful to imagine!!
The Media wants to tell the best story possible first!! They have been known to exaggerate many stories until the truth is finally revealed. This has been going on for years. They are not held responsible for false stories but certainly should be. If the story is not engaging enough they will just "make it up". News is not news anymore. It is hype. The worst the better. Why have "news" anymore? The public continues to listen and believe. It is all political! My heart goes out to the faamilies. What a "roller coaster" ride they have all been on. Losing loved ones is bad enough, but to tell stories on certain ones without proof is terrible. I still think it is "funny" that two of the passengers with stolen passports just happened to be on a plane that disappeared. I was told by a person they had been found to be two students who were trying to get "somewhere?" but I have seen nothing on the internet stories about that. Maybe it was on TV news which I seldom watch.
It don't look like we will ever know what really happened to this plane. Sorry to say but the people on board are most likely dead. The black box's send out a signal for 30 days and then the batteries go dead. We haven't found the remains of the plane yet and if and when we do, then we will have to figure out where the plane went down. By that time the black box's would have stopped sending out a signal.
I didn't know the black box sent out a signal for 30 days which is cool. Why can't they find it then? Why can't they pick up the signal unless someone has messed with it so it is not sending out that signal?
it's a device which is attached to the black box which sends out the signal. If this became detached then they will be in different locations. Also the signal will be from a few thousand feet under water - quite difficult to detect!
By the end of the first week only irrational people thought them to be alive. Hate to be so cynical - but at the 7 day mark to have hope left was just stupid.
luvly, The signal is a radio signal and only transmits for a short distance. That means they have to be pretty close to it in order to pick up the signal. If this plane is in thousands of feet of water, it makes it that much harder to find.
The black box's are located in the tail section and can't be reached from the cabin. Some one looking for it would have to be real close to it to pick up the signal. Looking for it would be like trying to find a needle in a hay stack, but we don't even know where the hay stack is yet.
Paul Dassance...that's not what they said at all. Please read carefully.
@Paul, the transponder's stop sending out a signal. the black box's is deferent and can't be turned off because they are in the tail section and can't be reached from the cabin.
Nice bulldung shill job for idiot consumption. Too bad, Boeing confirmed the hourly (satellite) pinging of the engines, running for seven (7) hours after the plane fell off of civilian radar. It's also too bad for this fairy tale's writer, that the Malaysian military tracked the plane for an additional hour, after the civilian radar lost contact. Let's not forget the two transponders were shut-off 10 minutes apart - anything suspicious about that? {Just askin'). And then the mobile phones ringing - including one, that has been picked-up but not answered. What he should have been asking, why the ignoring and not proceeding for the search for the black boxes (2)? They have water activated sonar pings signalling for 30 days, the sound detectable for a 150kms distance. A nice, huge grid with lines 100kms apart, can be covered in two weeks, going for 24 hrs/day. And of course, there are the sub (sound) detecting devices in huge numbers, by numerous countries, sitting on the bottom of all oceans - but of course they hear/heard nothing... Hmmm... Another piece of fiction masquerading as "explanation", full of holes, IGNORING known FACTS to make this BS credible. We have seen many of these kinds lately...
The media needs to stop making presumptions and start reporting facts and there really are no facts to report until physical remnants of the plane and bodies and the black box are recovered! The public and the media really know nothing and still remain in the dark since not a single bit of that plane has been recovered yet. All the media has done for the last two weeks is make presumptions and rudely cover the grief of the victims' families. If these pilots really are innocent, then the media has made another huge mistake and have wrongly accused two men who could be innocent.
Most of the conjecture/reporting associated with the disappearance of the flight was just that mostly CONJECTURE mixed in with some facts. Given the time frame between now and when the flight couldn't be accounted for than night....finding the airplane at the bottom of the ocean with be like finding a needle in a haystack. My guess would be that if the plane in fact did land in the ocean where they think it is and without any substantial debris on the water surface being reported.....it must have been a soft low velocity gliding impact before the plane sunk.
All the conjecture came directly from the government do-nothings pretending to be important. In the end, it was a PRIVATE SECTOR company that provided the analysis which found the plane. By the way, that top of the line, high end US Navy plane that was sent to help .... they couldn't find a thing... while the Chinese plane and the Australian planes did. Hows that going for you, Obama?
Oh, "D." You had to throw in a backhanded jab at Obama, as if he personally developed and oversaw the deployment of the plane. #$%$.
ken the only thing he doesn't like about the plane is the " Obama" part
us navy plane is not looking for the debris .............. its eyeing china plane ..............
I know this is a complete random and maybe illogical thought. But thats why I am posting it here so someone can maybe respond by proving me wrong. But could the plane have been shot down? In the sense that a country or organization maybe knew they were going to commit a terrorist act or it was accidentally shot down, or on purpose. And then they tried to cover it up? I know it seems really unreasonable but it just crossed my mind that if a plane went off course and entered another air space, could it be shot down?
not too unreasonable. The day after the TWA disaster in 1996 when I was out in public somewhere a guy claimed that his male relative who was serving on a military fleet around NY, their ship had accidentally shot down the plane. I heard the same story years later in the conspiracy theory lot. Back in the 90's we didn't have twitter or internet, so a story like that had to be relayed by phone, that was the quickest way to communicate. So your theory may not be improbable. But guaranteed no one will cop to accidentally nor on purpose shooting down a civilian plane. And it's too late to say there was a terrorism risk as the reason for shooting down the plane. They didn't even indicate any threat coming from the plane and all comm before disappearance indicated the plane was fine, no distress comms.
Early on they discounted a mid air explosion because that would have shown up on satellites, which was checked and nothing was seen. Also that would not explain the sudden change in direction.
If the recently spotted objects in the Indian Ocean turn out to be debris from the plane, then unlikely it was shot down--if shot down, it would crash fairly quickly, yes? But if it went down in the southern Indian Ocean, far from land, it's unlikely there was any reason to shoot it down. Terrorists unlikely to have a fast, long-range plane armed to take out the jet. Unfriendly fire (from what nation???) unlikely so far from any nation's borders. (Note the recent shooting down of a Syrian plane by Turkey was right above those countries land border.) And if the Malaysian jet did go down in the middle of the ocean, it's unlikely anyone on board was trying to commit a terrorist act. They were basically heading for Antarctica! Your idea is interesting. If the jet had gone down in the China Sea off Vietnam, or if it had headed toward the Asian mainland (northern arc) after diverting from its flight path, then there might well have been a case to make concerning unfriendly governments and/or terrorists shooting it down, but not, I think, way out over the ocean far from land.
Yes, the U.S. shot down an Iranian airliner and the Soviet Union shot down a Korean airliner. Aircraft that are believed to be spy craft have been jammed to prevent communication which would explain why nobody on board seemed to communicate to the outside world. If it was shot down. the most likely suspect would be India. If China shot it down due to the new air defense region in the ocean, the U.S. would be all over it. If India shot it down, there would be a lot of hush hush to prevent a regional flare up.
No, because wreckage would have been found and a heat signature would have been detected by satellite - neither of these things have happened.
I am glad to read that the flight crew is being vindicated. All the horse-manure spewed regarding their Muslim faith has been totally out of place and disgraceful. Think whatever you may based on your "knowledge" or experience with Muslims, this flight crew was essentially that, FIRST AND FOREMOST: The Flight Crew. And I could bet that any Captain or First Officer would relate to this and consider them incapable of murdering their Passengers and Flight Service. Period. Incompetence in handling an emergency? Highly doubtful. The Captain seems to me to have been a VERY professional one. His having had such an elaborate simulator speaks volumes about his dedication and professionalism -and I hope that the FBI forensic analysis of his machine is going to corroborate his quest for perfection ...and will be divulged. His spirit deserves it, as well as an apology.
PUT THE BONG DOWN and BACK AWAY SLOWLY. You're grossly STUPID and don't know it from the DOPE, you DOPE. Ever hear of a little thing called 9-11? Or of people strapping BOMBS TO THEMSELVES, THEIR WOMEN, THEIR CHILDREN, to the MENTALLY ILL all in the name of the pedophile un-prophet- and blowing up people? You're dumber than a bent door nail, skippy boy. Really, really, really dumbed down. INDOCTRINATED into the land of stupid-ville.
No Pilot would kill his passenger theory is without merit-sorry. Kooks kill people everyday, maybe this one just happened to be a pilot. A decade ago who would have believed Mothers sometimes kill their own children.
@Captain Kirk: You must be storing your space REMs in your waste container -no wonder you are foaming at the fangs. For good measure, though, beam yourself down to the nearest ER and order being given rabies shots, just in case... Afterwards, do us a favor and beam yourself up back to your cockoo's nest. I have a feeling that you need a quite higher dose of your meds -as well as some implant of intelligence genes, which you obviously lack. (You do apparently have the mainstream allotment of SHEEP genetic characteristics, though! Your master hero, "W", fed you 9/11 Pablum with a finger and you avidly licked it. If you fail to see that the damned "attack" was nothing but a false-flag of a repugnant, filthy treason to the country, you are the one who is as dumb as a rock).
@Bryan: I beg to disagree. I have been around flight crews long enough to be aware of the level of their sense of responsibility regarding their passengers and fellow crew members. These fanatic imbeciles who strap explosives to themselves and do in person what the cowardly IRA used to do surreptitiously are, I believe, a quite different breed. Here we are considering a professional, trained, conscientious flight crew, who I very much doubt could find it in themselves to commit mass murder. Some space-ship jackass here brought up 9/11, which many would also remember, but, whoever may have been in control of those aircraft, and whatever their reasons, were not a Captain and First Officer... Mental issues obviously were not at play here, either, as well as fanaticism. Besides, culturally, I see Asians as different from Middle Easterners. I respect your point of view, of course.
A lot of things "may have happened"! As the article is trying to state. Nonsense at best and pure conjecture at the worst. Anyone can summize but reporting is for facts,the truth,references,data,history, you know stuff that matters. We have become a nation with no cognitive thinkers calling the media on their baloney and story telling as well as all other liars that speak like a few politicians we know that habitually get caught in lies and the media lets them go.
In any event, it should be painfully clear that this plane is gone and all those people along with it. I hate that the authorities have done such an incompetent job of keeping the public informed, but the fact remains. These people aren't going to be found alive and the families need to begin the grieving process rather than being granted false hope through incorrect information. Malaysia clearly doesn't know what it's doing here. The authorities should have remained silent vs. feeding erroneous information at every turn until they had more conclusive facts.
Regardless what information the families were given, they would always have hope. You think silence would be better? The families were demanding answers and what did the authorities have to go on, but theories and speculations. At least it was better than silence. The families knew at the time no one knew for sure, but at least they knew the government was trying. Silence would have only brought on more anger and distrust. So how much do we really know, even today?
Another thing, of course Malaysia probably messed up, just as any country probably would. This is not something that happens everyday. Who really is prepared for this...not we know and changes can be made for something we hope will never happen again.
The plane was hijacked. Except it was hijacked from outside. If a well known university in California and the gov't among others have actually "hacked" different automobiles and taken over their braking systems, ignition systems, etc. from outside the vehicle, it was only a matter of time that somebody figures out how to do this to an aircraft. With most of the aircraft operating by computers, and the fact that the aircraft can still "keep in touch" with the manufacturer to a certain extent somebody took control away from the pilots and knew to fly it in the opposite direction that everybody would initially be looking to.
May be it was meant to be hijacked from outside but went into the opposite direction into the sea rather than into the land..
I'd like to add that if there were fumes or smoke in the aircraft, they would drop to 10K feet in order to ventilate with RAM air instead of using the plane's ECS system. If they isolated toxic fumes to coming from the air conditioning system, they would need to shut it off and therefore be unable to keep the cabin pressurized, necessitating a drop in altitude.
Look at the big brain on Jeff.
That's what happens when you're aircraft maintenance for 20 years. Electro-environmental, nonetheless.
Too many illogical statements. No reason to 45,000 feet unless you wanted to get rid of all the fuel and if so it would not have flown another 6 or 7 hrs. No to 12,000 feet or radar would have picked it up immediately and at 12,000 would still need pressurization and oxygen. No to the 1sr officer flying all the time, the airplane would have been on automatic. No to the lithium-ion theory since the pilots flew about half way to Antarctica after someone or something went haywire. This entire episode is fishy.
after the media, cia, fbi, and all the others bashed the pilots the passengers and their families for nothing...they need to apologize to each and every one...but I am still hoping and praying for the plane and it's passengers are safe somewhere on an uncharted island because they still haven't found the plane yet or the debris from a crash...with all this technology floating around today makes it very hard for them to say they could not find this plane in a normal length amount of time...I say shame on them and everyone who humiliated the pilots the passengers and their family in private and public....
Very clear that like all to many reporters they confuse the limits set by passenger comfort with what an Airliner can actually do. 99% of the "limets" are for fuel economy and passenger ride. These reporters need to talk with the folks who actually design and build Aircraft not Airline mouth pieces or rely on Wikipedia for their "Facts". Oh yes before you shoot your mouth off I am a retired Aerospace Propulsion /systems Engineer and worked on triple 7's power systems.
Okay, so, what are the "facts"?
I don't think a Propulsion System Engineer would use the words "time limits". It's called 'Endurance' in the aviation community.
I've heard of propulsion engineers and systems engineers but not propulsion/systems engineer. Maybe he's just a aircraft propulsion maintenance technician.
To clear things up the slash was not an accident but to indicate my job included both the power plant in and of itself and the systems which are external and separate to the actual power plant but are part of the overall propulsion package. An example of this is thrust reversers installed in Nacelles. I was employed by Pratt & Whitney Aircraft in Devlopment Operations we developed systems and materials and more for various propulsion systems these not only were individual components but included entire static and flight test powerplants. My use of the term limits were to be quite honest a simplification which was to make it simpler for a person to grasp then the more proper term Flight Operation Envelope in the scope of the authors article. Yes the length of time an aircraft can remain safely in flight is called flight endurance which is highly variable being influenced by factors such as the cruise altitude, cruise speed, climb rate, payload's gross weight, Engine condition, fuel quality, fuel load, airframe condition, head winds, air temperature, humidity. I was involved with J-58's, the 4000 family which was the launch power plant for the 777, IAE V-2500, F-119, F-100-229, JT-9, UDF prototype, and more. I was far more then a mere maintenance tech.
So, this guy's story is - - we know what happened aboard the French flight, because we found it and the black boxes. We didn't find M330 yet, and may never, so we may never have the boxes. So, we should assume something similar as occurred on the French Flight. Different crew, different ocean, different airline, different airplane, different weather, different course. Naturally we should assume the same cause and result.
I don't buy the story. With lots of flight time in military aircraft, there is no way I can be convinced that the aircraft was not on a suicide mission. The 777 has numerous backups for comm, navigation, and flight controls. The likelihood that all of them failed at one time is about zero. The crew knew how much fuel was on board even if the fuel gage failed. If the electronic nav system and the backups failed, the aircraft has a magnetic compass that can be used for rough navigation. The crew changed course for some reason and flew the aircraft to its maximum fuel range. There was no attempt to save the bird since they could have gone to numerous land areas instead of the wide Pacific Ocean.
If they were on a suicide mission, they should turn back to Kuala Lumpur and crashed into the most populated area for maximum impact. Sorry.....I don't buy the suicide scenario.....
Why not? They took 239 people to their deaths. The Egyptian pilot who flew his plane into the water was a confirmed suicide. He could have flew into a city, but didn't. He was happy meeting Allah with his on board passengers. Maybe you might want to reconsider. Definitely they were not trying to save the plane if so, it would not have run out of fuel going the wrong direction. So wake up Gary. Time to clear the noggin and think like an experienced aviator (my background).
the media hates a vacuum and loves a good mystery that has legs. The pilots MAY have done this...the pilots MAY have done that. Terrorists MAY have downed the plane. Terrorists MAY have found safe haven in Iran. Aliens MAY have intercepted the plane and parked it on the dark side of the moon. A wormhole MAY have opened up and taken the ill-fated flight into another dimension. In other words WE HAVE NO IDEA WHAT HAPPENED....yet. For all the professional fantasy arm-chair pilot games - take a break already.
I have an idea.. How about, Malaysia's government stop making up stories, and wait until there is physical evidence in the real flesh and blood world, before releasing further information? Until the flight recorder is recovered, and it's a long shot at this point, there is not much chance of anyone knowing who did what, or why. Presently, no one can factually give any sort of statement without it being based on pure conjecture, or a lie. The families need closure, yes, but I'm sure they'd be more than happy to wait for actual evidence, rather than Malaysian politicians trying to look good.
News reports have told us (with photos) that some of the families are almost rioting. The pressure on the Malaysian govt. is extraordinary. Don't forget most of the passengers were Chinese. I wonder how much pressure the Chinese govt. is putting on Malaysia?
No one knows what happened yet... plain and simple.... there are so many ways this story could have unfolded and unless you are an aviation expert who understands all the systems of a 777 I wouldn't give a #$%$ what you had to say... either their was a major electrical event that shut down system after system(even if by terrorist bomb act), including transponders, a pilot decided to deep six the jet (they could have put it on autopilot and even killed their self before it ran out of fuel and crashed in one of the deepest parts of earths oceans or we just wait and hope the answers come out... I think the families and a lot of us who fly would like the answer.... it's just not going to come tomorrow...
no one?? - i am sure some one knows.. infact i know a quite a few people who know.
There are numerous theories as to what caused the crash. I am not versed with aeronautics, but based on EMP (electomagnetic pulse) it can be concluded that there may be an issue with the cargo. There were ion batteries on board and it batteries are not packed correctly or made correctly an EMP can be imited and based on the path and erratic behavior of the plan something effected the planes computer. It may be as simple as a poor batch of batteries that effected the planes computer. I know EMP's work, I built a generator that knocked out a cars electronics from over 5 miles. I used batteries and a Tesla generator. My point is batteries give power and with then stacked on each other, it is possible.
1) The media has painted the left turn as an instantaneous left turn, as if the plane stopped in mid-air and then went off in another direction. The graphics should have shown a more realistic turn. 2) I still want to know more about the Malaysian and Thai radar information. The first report had the plane heading W/SW from IGARI towards the Malay/Thai border. This would take it away from Ho Chi Minh City (Saigon), which was the closest airport at the time the first abnormality was noted. The path would have taken the plane close to the military airport at Kota Bharu but also to the airports at Penang (Georgetown) and Langkawi. The radar track had the plane over the Straight of Malacca and reportedly turning W towards VAMPI, then NW towards GIVAL and then W towards IGREX. This took the plane away from those airports as well as possibly past that of Phuket (Thailand). If the plane did take this course towards the Andaman Islands, at some point it had to make another sharp left turn if it ended up on a course into the southern Indian Ocean and at any point between leaving the Malay coast to this left turn (or if the plane continued straight across the Malacca Straight), it should have been detected by Indonesian radar (MIL and civil). That information has AFAIK not been made public and may not have been provided to Malaysia. This information would have confirmed the southern track many days earlier. 3) As far as the pilots, there may or may not have been an emergency (fire/decompression). It is still possible that one or both of the pilots or a hijacker may have seized control of the plane. We have already seen a hijacking where the pilot told the hijacker that the plane needed to land to refuel but the hijackers refused to allow this and the plane ended up crashing off the Comoros Islands. It is possible that this was a hijacking and the hijacker may have told the pilot(s) to keep going even though they did not have the fuel to make his destination. The truth will hopefully come out after the FDR is located. It will confirm the course that the plane followed, whether it did the waypoints, where any turns were made and whether it flew in a straight line to it's ultimate resting place. In the meantime, no possibility can be ruled out and we should stop speculating. Indonesia releasing it's radar data would go a long way towards helping us understand the route as would the Malaysians releasing a complete timeline which would eliminate any false information and provide just the actually known information.
Lets not forget about the patents and that most of the potential patent holders were on that plane. The rules are that if one of them die BEFORE the patent is in place, his or her share is then divided between the remaining potential patent holders, who will own the patent and of course the financial windfall of that patent, when it is finalized. So 20 of the potential patent holders are on Flight 370. And just who might benefit from their deaths, who would then "inherit what their rightful shares and profit would have brought them? Can you say Lord Jacob Rothchild? What a coincidence that 20 of the potential patent holders were on that flight! OF COURSE they have declared them dead!
Maybe something like a depressurization occured and the pilots attempted to turn the plane around and decrease altitude to land at Kuala Lumpur or another landing site and were incapacitated at the same time sending the plane on a course into the Southern Indian Ocean. The transponder could have been flipped on accident during the situation. I am surprised Air Force didn't scramble to have a look and perhaps this is a lesson to learn from this case because we might understand a lot more than we do now.
Accidentally pushed down and turned counter-clockwise-yet couldn't push 3 buttons next to Transponder to let Air Traffic know something had happened?
The one thing that the Malaysian Government has been insistent upon is that the pre-programmed flight path had been deliberately changed by someone in the cockpit. The government has also stated that this change occured 12 minutes before the Co-pilot signed off with the final words, "All right, good night." Additionally, the Malaysian Government has stated that the flight path was changed again at least twice along what they call wayward points. If this is true, then there was not catastrophic failure on the plane. I am just stating what I have heard reported. An argument could be stated that the plane ascended to 45,000 feet, if it did, to wipe out the passengers for good, and that it descended to 12,000 feet to avoid radar. It could also be said that the PIlot was extremely upset about a verdict that occured at a trail he attended. As others have stated, it is important to find the plane. The question is, even if it is, who do we believe?
Brian - Since the Malaysian government has conducted a real Keystone Cops investigation, I would be very reluctant to take their word for any more scenarios.
Well said Mr. Lowery. I believe you're right to speculate: There was no catastrophic failure on MH370. No cell phone calls were made, so the passengers must have been unconscious/dead. And, since no message was made for an emergency landing, their radio silence is deafening. It screams complicity.
the problem is we are all freaked out over 9/11 and our minds go there first when there is something weird like that- we cant help it- that is why CNN covered it like they were obsessed...because they new people are obsessed with the whole theory of a well-crafted sinister act- the left turn clearly means the pilot was trying to save the plane and was hoping the dumb butts would hop on fighters and go after them to help them. but everyone was running around like clowns in a circus for 8 hours while the plane was trying to land away from humans. this was sloppy aviation control. all the time is spent on figuring out pings and beacons after a crash- how about keeping eyes on planes and watching where/when they go thru radar- on thing for sure is now the USA KNOWS all the weak spots in Asia. They can hack into our systems but they lose a plane.
My first opinion was wrong about these pilots. I think they died doing their job! I am also a commercial/multi engine rated pilot with some experience on large airline transport planes. I am thinking there was an Explosive Decompression, maybe as a result of the an explosive device preset set to go at exactly 1 AM. That may have punched a hole in the aircraft and cut critical electrical bundles or power for for communications and transponders in the FWD part of the aircraft near the cockpit. The pilots responded by turning the aircraft to the closes suitable airport in N. Malaysia and they did an emergency decent to 12,000 feet so they could breath. It is possible that the 2 pilots were injured or maybe their 02 demand masks were inoperative (i.e. did the 02 tanks exploded too?) and the crew (and passengers) all passed out and/or froze to death. However the plane kept flying on its own straight and level using the autopilot and Flight Director with no further waypoints programmed. Maybe heavy turbulence in the Indian Ocean from a weather in the area at the time jolted them into a southerly heading away from land, with nobody at the controls. The same type of incident happened twice in recent times with a Greek B737-300 passenger jet crashing in Greece and a Learjet 35A flying US Golfer Payne Stewart crashing due to depressurization incidents. Both aircraft were flying by themselves with all crew and passengers dead due to no Oxygen or Pressurization. If this has happened before, it can happen again. This B777-200ER aircraft just kept on flying level and on a course set by a heading bug or from turbulence until it simply ran out of fuel then ditched. Most likely it went in, with a nose down attitude with no power and with nobody at the controls to put back pressure or trim the aircraft for a flat controlled ditching at a low speed like JetBlue on the Hudson in NYC. Keep in mind these drop down masks in the cabin deliver only small amounts of Oxygen to survive and that loosing pressure at FL 360 would only give humans like one minute of consciousness, at the most. I think something maybe happened to the 02 supply to the Quick Donning pressure demand masks of the pilots. I would imagine inside the aircraft, that the first minutes after the catastrophic incident or decompression was a living hell for everybody on the aircraft, there just was not time to do much before they passed out. I was totally wrong about suggesting that this B777 airplane was being stolen and going up to Iran or further north to another country to make a new type of theft and global hostage situation.... in then end that would have been better than what has really happened as maybe there could have been a solution. I think all of the families must come to terms with what happened to the aircraft, make arrangements, and try to understand that the flight ended with a high probability that it is where they are now looking. It is very sad how many people and lives this has affected including many families and children whom were on the flight or whom lost one or both of their parents. Sincerely and with Condolences, John Poindexter Miami, Florida USA
I think you are correct but "make arrangements?"
I said it a few days into this and I will say it again.. We will never know the truth, because the Malaysian Gov't and possibly others do not want us to know. I do not believe for one minute that they "lost" the tracking of the plane, perhaps the civilian air traffic controllers did, but that doesn't mean the military of several countries did.. There is far more going on here then we are made to believe, and we are only being spoon fed the information they want us to have, and media confounds the issue with their idiotic wild speculation in the name of grabbing the spot light.
What happened to responsible journalism and reporting....1) they have not confirmed what has been found is the plane from flight MH370. 2) Now all of a sudden it is not a sinister act. I feel so bad for the families involved in this tragedy. Officials and journalist need to stop talking and do some serious investigating to get to the truth. Once you have confirmation then report the facts, not your thoughts or opinions...THE FACTS!!. The families involved deserve some copmpassion and respect. Unfortunately, we will probably never know the truth of what actually happened.
They found the plan on a proper heading back to mainland and safety. While you can't be 100% certain, they've thus far produced no evidence of terrorism and the heading of the airplane would suggest they were trying to get back to an airfield. While more investigation is needed, the available information points away from anything sinister.
I've only heard one investigator from the F.A.A. mention the fact that a 777 sitting on the tarmac in Cairo, had a shipment of lithium batteries in the cargo hold catch fire and burn a hole in the fuselage. He said it only took a few minutes, and if it had happened at 35,000 ft., it would have brought the aircraft down. The pilots may have had an indication that there was a fire in the Cargo Hold, turned the plane around to head back to Kuala Lumpur but before they could radio a mayday, the plane decompressed. At that point, everyone is dead.....and 370 flew on auto pilot out over the Indian Ocean until it ran out of gas. Because no theory about a hi-jacking takes into account that there were Ten other crew members on the aircraft, and --- A) They know how to get into the locked Flight Deck,....and B) They have their own communications systems to radio ground control in such an event. but they didn't.
A very cogent "what if" statement, Rick
Very compelling, Rick. I too have been thinking that the left turn was really an attempt to get back to Kuala Lumpur for some reason. You have the rest of the scenario described and you are very convincing.
If they had a fire indication the first thing they would do is put on their oxygen masks, then turn the aircraft and make a radio distress call. That means that even if the aircraft decompressed as you state the pilots would have survived. They flew from 38000 to 12000 which would have taken several minutes. I do not believe a fire burned out all their communications, disabled the crew, then burned itself out and allowed the plane to keep flying on auto pilot until it ran out of fuel.
All the nonsense about aliens and terrorist are just to distract people. It was simple and they knew it from the beginning most likely a fire on the plane causing it to decompress and rendered the crew unconscious with no foul play or anything else. The only question was where did it finally go down.
@Adam...I don't know, just a guess. Somebody posted that the Lithium Ion Batteries also release a toxic gas as they deteriorate. Maybe they didn't ignite, but just smoldered. I don't know enough about Iithium Batteries or the ventilation on a 777, so I don't know if the systems are separate for the cabin and cargo hold.
Everybody loves a conspiracy theory, etc but the more likely scenario is that brought up by an experienced pilot. Electrical fire or front tire overheated in the hot conditions on takeoff and later caught fire underneath the pilots. They set a new course for the nearest airport but were overcome and died due to smoke inhalation and the aircraft continued on autopilot until it ran out of fuel and crashed. The fire knocked out the transponders. Pilots were so busy trying to save the aircraft they never got a chance to communicate. Won't know until black box is recovered but more likely than terrorists/ underhanded pilots, etc.
There's been so much contradictory information from the Malaysian authorities, I understand why the passengers relatives are upset and frustrated. Add to the scenario, there are so many worldwide news outlets - all looking for the big story, new information, theories etc. and thus rumors, unchecked facts and hearsay are reported with no real basis in fact, contributing to all the confusion. It must have been a catastrophic event that prevented the crew from calling in the problem. It seems they headed back toward Malaysia to land but were rendered unconscious or dead (as were the passengers) and the plane continued to fly until running out of fuel. So sad - I hope the wreckage is found, the cause can be determined and the families can have some peace.
STOP the insanity. Speculation is USELESS. You will KNOW nothing until the aircraft is found, which could literally take years to occur. If we DO ever recover the aircraft, or any part of it, the investigators MAY be able to cobble together anything from a determination, to a best guess (depending on how much of the aircraft they recover). Until THAT happens, all this nonsensible speculation by non aviators, and even the aviators who are speculating, IS JUST NONSENSE. This is a VERY peculiar accident/incident. Until we have the aircraft, or some other evidence surfaces from crew/passenger investigations.. just IGNORE what is on the news about this case. It is NOTHING but drivel that is being used to raise ratings and keep you tuned in to watch comercials to put $$ in stations pockets. They are feeding you NONSENSE, stop eating it up. Just change the channel.. if they FIND something, you have to give them some serious time with whatever it is they find, and THEN you can pay attention to what the investigators say. You're literally wasting your time on paying attention to the news on this case, at this point.
Yet you are here with the rest of us in this forum
chris must work for the nanny state he want's to do all the thinking for us as they don't really want us to have an opinion
This article did nothing to cast light on anything regrading this. All I want to know are the REAL facts. This article stated some things as in "there were reports". Well? I want facts. What are the facts? Did the plane go to 45,000 feet? No? When the pilot had his final communication was the transponder already turned off? You can not rule out the pilots just yet. There was no mayday. If the passengers knew of the emergency none of them called anyone even when they flew over land? I would just like an official version with the verifiable facts and not all these other stories.
i agree this article was pointless and is taking advantage of everyones curiosity of trying to find out the facts of which there were none stated here at all
You can't use a cellphone at 12,000 feet, even over land. The plane is to high and going past the cell towers too quickly to allow a phone to connect to one. No connection, no phone calls. Also, because the majority of the passengers were from China, their cellphones probably aren't using the same cellphone technology as the country they were flying over, so you couldn't make a call even if you could connect to a tower. A U.S. Sprint cellphone will not work outside of this country, for example. The technology Sprint uses, and the frequencies aren't compatible unless you own a World Phone.
Speculation, conjecture, imagination and made up scenarios. Good Lord people they haven't even found the plane yet, and they very well never will find it. The media are in a feeding frenzy, they are frothing at the mouth. It proves what monsters they are.
I am SO DISGUSTED with Yahoo "News" stories! There is NOT ONE SCINTILLA of pure news in this blurb. It is ALL OPINION and nothing more. Yet the headline that screams to get us to read it is this: "The Pilots Tried to Save MH370" There is NO information in this story that supports such a screaming headline. Shame on you, yahoo. Next time I just won't read you. You're engaged in deceptive trade practices, not free speech and NOT journalism, not even YELLOW journalism. You're despicable
Welcome to 1984. Ministry of Disinformation.
Things I have learned from all of this from the beginning are the Malaysian authorities (1) are quick to jump to conclusions (2) are quick to release that information although it is mostly speculative and (3) they just want this to be over as they have no clue on how to handle such a situation. While the fate of the flight appears to be tragic it is also apparent that extends to the government authorities. No one is infallible but this has been a farce. Even the lack of notification of this flights abnormal delay for several hours implies they did not want the world to focus on helping these poor souls. It may not have made a difference in the outcome of the flight but does bring to the forefront concerns for flight safety we have taken for granted when traveling internationally. Most but not all countries have the same protocol.
Good point. There needs to be a universal protocol that can only be superseded by local safety measures that exceeds standards.
These officials (headed by ?) in-charged, were themselves speculating wildly, as if they do not have their own brain. Though in-charged (as self-proclaimed and ownership ), they in fact were being "blindly" led by the US ( not that, the US is at fault here, as they've REALLY here to ASSIST, HELP ! not to take the blame ), rather, NOT taking charged and had failed or "acting" to show they know best, instead. Looking back. these officials are in fact in the way of, impeding SAR which in all, of URGENT state as each second tick by.
With this bit of information, that the pilots turned to the nearest airport and descended to 25000 feet, the probability of a mechanical failure is very high. Couple this with a report of a burning plane that did not crash and a 7 hour flight to no where on autopilot almost certainly indicates a mechanical failure, fire, decompression or both. The black box may not give any information because there was probably no cockpit conversation the last 2 hours of the flight because the pilots didnt survive the initial incident.
Thanks for reporting all these stories. I've now read the airplane was jijacked by a passenger; lost pressure leaving everyone incapacitated; the crazy pilot theory that he sabotaged the plane; a terrorist that blew up the plane in flight; a catastrophic accident occuring in-flight; and the plane possibly landing in a remote place. Now the pilots actually tried to save the plane. How about reporting the news AFTER you know the facts? That's probably a little too much to ask in today's media. They just love to stir the pot and be the first to report something, even if what their reporting is completely inaccurate. The only thing more corrupt and deviant than the media is our government.
I hate to have to say this, but based on long experience with the US Navy, I can tell you there is a rule of thumb in accident investigation. The rule is "the dead guy did it"--the alleged justification for this rule, is that if someone was killed in the incident and you blame him, you won't damage anybody's career--it stinks, but that is often the attitude. I think it is similar here. Given that both pilots are dead, if you blame them for whatever happened, no live government officials will get their careers ruined. Like I said, it stinks, but it is often true.
Its a typical cluster _ _ _ _! Now the officials have added to it by declaring this to be the crash site and everyone is dead, but it sounds as though there is still no absolute proof. The problem with the news reporters is that everyone wants to be first to break the news so a bunch of misinformation is put out prior to the truth. In this day and age, news is available 24 hours a day. They have to fill the hours with something. That is why I am always leery of the first reports.
Agree. In this case the Malaysian authorities are calling this the crash site. For the sake of the families, I hope they have conclusive evidence that hasn't been released.
And it somehow just flew on for 5-6 hours...with a fire/smoke/depressurized cabin?? It changed directions so much so that it just skipped over all possible landing airports? The pilot/s reprogrammed the direction to go straight into the Indian Ocean? There are too many "plot" holes in this theory to be valid. In the end we don't know much, and probably will not likely know what "really" happened for years to come or maybe ever. One thing I'm almost certain of is that it WASN'T mechanical.
I think I know what happened. The plane was commandeered for a suicide mission, but before they got there the passengers attempted to overrun the cockpit and a pressure issue ensued. That killed everyone, and set the plane on what may have been a default heading of due south.
All the pilots I have talked to said electrical fire. As soon as you have one you shut down all the electrical system not necessary to keep the plane in the air while you fix it. The general consensus is that the pilot did this and had the plane on auto pilot for the nearest safe airport. At some point the smoke likely got to be too much and they died of smoke inhalation and the plane kept going till either the fire got to bad and it fried out the electrical systems left, or it ran out of fuel.
You suspect that aircraft had it's tracking systems shut down by fire over a period of time but gave the crew no time to declare a mayday..., then the plane...on fire I'm suspecting...flew on for hours and hpurs?
Mann, he didn't say that. He said pilots would shut off all non-essential electronics (those not necessary to keep the plane in the air) in the event of electrical fire. That would include comm equip (transpoder/radio). With an in-flight fire, you have very few minutes to get things under control if there is any chance whatsoever of preventing disaster. Communication with ATC is the last item on the list (and doing so would waste important time). Besides, what can ATC do for you? Not a damned thing. It would be logical to set the plane on autopilot (and let it fly the plane while the flight crew was working on the emergency). I suspicion that the autopilot has a 'nearby' function which the crew could use to divert. IF there were an on-board fire that caused the crew's death, the autopilot, ever the obedient slave, would continue to fly the plane on the new course until fuel ran out.
But how bad could the fire have been if the plane flew on to Australia?
Mann, smoke, even from a small, self contained fire on-board an airplane contains toxins that are not complementary to sustaining life. Just a thought, but a smoldering fire, releasing toxins into a relatively enclosed environment, may have killed crew and/or passengers. Such a fire may not have been sufficient enough to bring down the plane.
What kind of toxins would we find on a 777 that could have such a toxic effect on the occupants of a wide body aircraft, and exhibit such a curious burn pattern of destroying mainly the same communications gear that can be turned off from the flight deck, yet allow the craft to fly on autopilot to the edges of the south pole?and not really light a fire? For the moment I will stick with my thwarted hijacking mission that triggered a pressure event.
Mann, most everything on a plane is made from a material that emits toxic fumes when burned (think plastic). Regarding your 'curious burn pattern' no one suggested a fire involving communication equipment. Simply, communication equipment is not required to keep an aircraft flying (read: in the air). So part of the emergency checklist would be to disable (turn off) all equipment non-essential to flight while determining the source of the fire. Presumably, the autopilot would be engaged under such a scenario as a means to fly the plane while the pilots were focused on finding the source of a fire. Given the potential value of autopilot, and the apparent fact it was not malfunctioning in any way... Once engaged, the autopilot would continue on the assigned course until a human intervened (reprogram, turn off). Provided the pilots were incapacitated and unable to intervene, the plane would have flown until fuel was exhausted.
I cannot buy the story that such a disaster on board still permitted the plane to fly on for hours and hours. All that fire stuff is fine if you find a downed carcas of a plane nearby...but off the coast of Antarctica?
Winter- I work in aviation, and that's about all I'm going to share with you about my personal background. I'm no expert by any means, but something just isn't adding up. One thing I'm sure of, and so are all the pilots I have spoken to, is it's not mechanical. The Boeing 777 is one of the safest planes out there, just an FYI.
David, if your theory is correct, why would they program the middle of nowhere for their route? It would make more sense to have programmed it to land at an airport (The Boeing 777 can land itself for the record).
London, good question. Perhaps the AP was set to a course, rather than destination?
London, tell me...is there a default heading for autonavigation if no human imputs are registered?
Maybe it isn't all that complicated. The MH370 has an electrical fire in the cockpit since the 777 has the cheaper thiner electrical wires that are no longer used on the planes flown in this country anymore. The fire eats through the wornout insulation because of the multiple hot spots. The smoke fills the cabin quickly the pilots open the door to be able to see and breath. The heat over takes them and the smoke fills the plane. The plane flys another few hours off course and now is part of the floating debris in the Indian ocean. Just a thought that doesn't include sabatoge, drunk pilots or terrorism. Poor familes of the people aboard that craft.
More misinformation that'll last long enough for Dancing With The Stars to come back on and for us bury our heads back on our bankrupt asses. Misinformation: The inevitable strategy of governments, organization and individuals seeking to gain (or retain) control in a world where data is so fast and freely available. If people cannot see the truth because of a mass of data presented (most of which is deliberately false and so ludicrous so as create not only confusion but disputing, hating opposing sides), despite an obvious reality, then they have only themselves to blame.
Thinking that the captain was greeting passengers is ridiculous. The plane changed course and the Captain would have known this even if he wasn't in the cockpit. He would have returned. Dropping from one altitude to another, he would have felt it as well. The key here is NOBODY called while they were having problems to say they were having problems. This would have been the first thing that they would have done. Did they have time to call? Yes. My guess, someone onboard had to get control of the plane. Didn't something like this happen when our Pentagon was hit by a plane?
If their was a fire on board, communication equipment might be out as well.....
In a severe in-flight emergency, communication would be the last item on the checklist. ATC would provide no assistance in addressing and correcting the emergency at hand and contacting ATC would only serve to waste time.
"The sourcing of these statements remains obscure, but the fact that they were made public suggests an acknowledgement that the timeline no longer supports the implied complicity of the pilots in some kind of criminal act." What??? Since when do we base a fact finding investigation on "obscure" sources. Is this going to be the new media norm for the 'creation' of facts?--- you put information or misinformation out there in the media for public consumption until it gels into a perception of what you want people to believe, then you call it fact??? This is not journalism. This is what is called propaganda. Thanks for reading.
a radio call is not help it may give info but the pilots must provide their own help in a crisis in the air. Maybe they could not call or were to busy . as experienced pilots they had to do what they could at the time. Hopefully we can get the info to see what they did and clear their good names. guessing as to what they could do got out of control with no foundation in real facts. Maybe the pundits were using so much airspace for #$%$ they brought the plan down?
A pilot must always notify the ground if they are changing course. If for no other reason than to get all of the other aircraft out of the way. Changing course without calling air traffic control is like a cop speeding and running red lights without his siren on.
The list of who I trust in this is shorter than who I dont trust. And that is just about EVERYONE. Especially the Malaysians. First the plane was here then it was here, then it turned around and was here, then it went, turned around and went several hours here. then it went , turned around and went several hours North West then the pilot said "Good night" before the turn around then the pilot said "Good night" after the turn around then the plane could of went directly north or South...(they didn't flip a coin yet) all the while there was the mysterious two passengers, one passenger who was a airline engener then the pilot or the co-pilot then both... then the pilot took the plane south for 7 hours then the plane itself took the plane south for 7 hours then there was a fire that ate a hole in the plane for depressurization then the plane killed everyone on board and for 7 hours enjoyed self-awareness. ANYTHING OUT THE MOUTH OF ANYONE FROM MALAYSIA IS GARBAGE AS FAR AS I AM CONCERNED. THEY ARE THROWING POOP ON THE WALLS IN HOPES THAT SOMETHING WILL STICK!
Alright, now it is getting really weird. All indications initially pointed to criminal/terrorist activity. So much so, that a few days ago they publicly announced that it was definitely terrorism and the investigation had turned into a criminal investigation. Yesterday they concluded, based on no physical evidence, that the plane had crashed into the ocean. Today, they are hailing the pilots as heroes. Something smells very fishy here. Advice to Israel: don't reduce your security posture going into this upcoming blood moon Easter/Passover....or at least until they recover the fuselage of this thing.
I find it odd that just out of the blue after 17 days, the Malaysian govt would give such a definitive answer based on one source - Inmarsat- which btw has never been used before to track a plane path. Has the govt located the pilot's family who moved from their home one day before the plane took off? Did they find the woman who used a fake ID to purchase a SIM card to call the pilot before the plane took off?
And just what would you know about it, anyway?! Aside from rumors and conjecture.
Apparently Malaysian airline CEO held a press conference. He said even though no wreckage was found, we have to accept the truth that all lives are perished. He also stated that it is not vital to find out why it crashed. Looks like someone just wanna wrap this up fast and move on.
Where are your resources for these claims?
I saw a number of the press conferences by the Malaysian authorities . Overall I thought they were very professional and tried to choose their words carefully so as not to mislead the passengers' families and the public at large . As things dragged on and still no concrete information or answers , I feel the Malaysians started to "sweat" over the pressure coming from all quarters which lead to some contradictions or less than credible suppositions , and took some actions that seemed to be for the audience of investigators all over the world pushing for some answers . Until today , nobody at any level nor at any place , has the answers everybody wants. It's frustrating and has caused more grief and anger , but the Malaysians have done all they could (unless they really are hiding something which I doubt but always possible ) given the lack of evidence from the plane's recorders and the plane itself . To all those who can really help , please do so . We as travelers are all in this and want some answers and to know what can be done to avoid any recurrence .
It wasn't until what, 10 days, into the disappearance that the Malaysian government agreed to allow the US agencies to help with data.
Flight MH370 was carrying a quarter ton (500 lbs.) of lithium batteries as cargo. It is imperative the Malaysian authorities be questioned about this fact as it needs to be known who packed the batteries as they had to have been packed correctly so as to prevent any friction of any metal object as any spark will cause lithium batteries to explode. The responsibility lies with the nation and whomever packed the batteries. One has to notice the Malaysian authorities are silent on this and will remain silent unless pressed to fess up by International protests, and I think China will lead the protest were those who lost loved ones to learn of this fact. There will be a full scale investigation if the International community protests hard enough. Just let China know and watch the fireworks that will follow.
500 lbs of lithium batteries was not the problem. usually these batteries come from the manufacturer with plastic caps over the terminals. plus if the batteries would have shorted out internally, which some have done, and started smoking oe even caught fire, the captain would have landed at the nearest airport, not the Indian ocean 4 hours later.
Okay, but how did the plane fly for seven hours after it caught fire? Is there something on board that automatically puts out fires after it burns through wires and turns off communications? I think everything coming out of Malaysia is suspect.
So they caught fire and burned for 6 hours while the plane wandered aimlessly across the globe??? Not likely. More likely they were abducted by aliens. Try again.
To me the erratic changes in altitude and headings indicate to me that the cabin door was closed and there was some kind of action in the cockpit that rendered the plane off autopilot and pilotless.The passengers and cabin crew would have had to break through a security cabin door which would take time and ultimately someone from the cabin attempted to pilot the plane, changing altitudes, changing headings and probably most instrumentation in the cabin had been disabled therefore the amateur pilot had no ground radio advice nor altitude or directional instrumentation so the plane wandered around for seven hours until it ran out of fuel. God only knows the emotional trauma the passengers experienced in seven hours of hell.
Yet another yahe(( non-story designed to protect moooslam/islamist/jihadists from "embarrassment." The original investigators probably got it closer to right. The Camel-humping pilot turned off all of the electronics that would have helped track the plane. The decent to 12k feet would have helped them evade radar. No radio contact was made after the flight path was changed. This is just another example of a moooslam wanting to be a martyr because of some perceived political slight towards his "religion". Typical of an islamist puke to take as many innocent lives with him as possible so he can have his "virgins" when he get to his "nirvana". These people should not be allowed to live on this planet.
I have an ill feeling that they gonna shirk responsibilities and try to cover up for their pilots. What ever excuses or stories they come up with is not gonna cover the fact that they change route and did every possible professional way to hinder communications. If i were pilot and in life threatening position carrying 238 passengers, i will risk my life to send out a distress signal to let someone kno we are in trouble. This is hog wash.
I fully agree with you. I've followed this since day one and just unreal how many statements given in last 2 weeks and counting are now being recalled or simply not stated any longer.
This ridiculous need in society today for instant answers and instant responses is partly to blame. If people would have a little patience and let the authorities investigate and get the facts BEFORE they release public information or make statements, there would be a lot less speculation and wrong information put out there!!!! All that does is create more uncertainty and grief for people in times like this when the information keeps changing when the authorities clearly don't have any evidence to support what they are saying. Maybe people should try disconnecting from the "electronic world" every now and then, you'll be amazed at how relaxing it is!!!!
I am glad that someone is saying this. The media in a frenzy to fill time on the airwaves with no new facts of any kind - just rambles on and on about every possible scenario etc . . and it has reached a point of absurdity. So - I will say this : When they find the physical plane - find the bright orange so-called "black boxes" and play back the audio and analyze the data from the plane - as to what ACTUALLY happened - THEN and only then will I believe statements regarding this flight.
the news seems getting from bad to worse. first the timeline, then the pilot tried to negotiate with the government to request them to release Anwar Ibrahim from the prison for sodomy charge and when the negotiation failed, the airplane was out of fuel and it eventually plunged into the Indian Ocean. now the pilot actually tried to save the airplane from disaster. are you freaking kidding me? what's next? the airplane was actually being abducted by the aliens into outer space? this whole incident was so full of imaginations. nobody knows the truth except them or maybe the government knew about it from the beginning and keep everybody from the dark for whatever reasons. i hope the pilot did not scream God's name before he committed this act!
Is this the same CNN that reported numerous times that debris from the flight had been found and made me stay up late last night swearing that a press conference was going to reveal what happened to this plane?
I really don't know what happened. My prayers are with the families of those on board. This whole thing seems like a cover up. Something did happen, plane failure, accident, hijacked... I do not know. There are just too many contradictions and jumping to conclusions, then changing it all. Someone knows more and they are keeping it hush hush to the public. This was a mess from the get go. When the plane first disappeared off radar the proper people should have been notified. Not hours later.
This is very typical of today's media. True investigative reporters were eliminated first at Fox, who couldn't care less if what they publish is true, they simply decide by what increases earnings, which for Fox is usually selling airtime to tell canned stories from Karl Rove as "news". The other networks soon followed, eliminating their reporters. Today on all the corporate media all you see are rehashed releases from "oher sources", in other words nobody at the corporate news media building has a clue. Also, since they need to fill slots with no actual news to work from, they push people like the Malay government to "tell us something". That's why they get conflicting stories. The Malays say "We don't know anything for sure so any idea at this point is speculation but some of the possibilities are ABC or XYZ". That gets reported as "Malaysian government says XYZ"
The problem with the media is that there are so many bright questions that could be asked...but are not.
You must be a MSNBC listener. One of a very few. Have you heard that President Obama lied about keeping your present insurance when the the affordable health care act was passed? That's a fact. You have no facts in your post. Only your flawed opinion.
I'm a pilot, and I can tell you that it is not even remotely unusual for pilots to have some sort of simulator at home. The way the technology is today, it's a genuine hobby for a lot of people, and building up a nice simulator is very much the same a someone building a model railroad at home. It shocks me that people find it suspicious. And to suggest that a guy with 18,000 hours was "practicing left turns" as if he couldn't have flown a 777 manually and quite competently is also a bit absurd. 18,000 hours is over 2.5 years in the sky. The guy knew how to fly planes.
Yes but he was Muslim AND he deleted data both off his flight simulator! This man is more guilty than Richard Jewell!
I call BS! Their gov't is trying to fix the blame on the BOEING Aircraft Company to minimize any legal/financial responsibility! If the pilots needed to initiate emergency procedures to counter a severe electrical/mechanical malfunction, they wouldn't have taken it out for a 6 hour joy ride into the Southern Indian Ocean, over published airways, while trying to get a handle on what to do about it! They were only 1 hour from land if they decided the need to ditch it in the water!
Lithium batteries-certainly could have caused fire-but at exact right minute where takeover most possible? Plane turns around without asking for clearance from K.L.? What Pilot flies into commercial air space without clearance? Without a route plan or any distress call then flies across malaysian land at border with Thailand in only place could have crossed without raising alarm? Then doesn't head for nearest airport but continues on to path towards Antarctic-just very hard to believe. payne stewart wasn't flying 300 million dollar airplane.
What Pilot flies into commercial air space without clearance? Anbody that's NORDO due to an electrical issue.
This report makes more sense than 95% of the experts that are on TV. It sounds to me like there was a fire that required the pilots to turn and desend to the nearest airport. Once they got to 12000 feet, they engaged the autopilot and continued on that course. I would think that all on board were dead shortly thereafter, most likely due to smoke. They never had a chance to radio they had an issue. Communication is not your main concern during an emergency. The only thing I do not understand is how the plane made it so far at the lower altitude since fuel burn would have been much higher.
And people keep saying things about no one using their cell phones. There are lots of times I have no service within sight of a cell tower, so I don't think that was a nefarious issue, either. I am so sorry for the families.
I can accept that one of the pilots where missing in the most critical moment. But stil some major issues remains: -Why no radio call from neither pilot or any cellular calls from neiher passengers nor crew? Where theyre unconsious or disabled? (By the way: Could active cellular/satelite phones be tracked somehow?) -Why would they choise an course that takes them to the middle of no where in the indian ocean? Why not one that overflyes a major city like Singapore? One possible (but stil unlikely) explonation could be: The aircraft somehow lost controll of all its onboard system except engines but including air preassure and comunication. That would make the pilots to take severel logicial actions to try and save his dying aircraft by reducing the altitude and set a new course to take him to a nearby airport. Somehow that went wrong and set the aircraft on the course it went and on a much lower alttude and with all passengers and crew either dead or uncounsioness, the former being likelier given that no one comunicated with cellular phones. The aircraft then flew for another seven or eight hours on its own inertia (planes are stable, like a car) or some sort off autopilot until the fuel ran out and the aircraft crashed. I know it sounds unlikely and with a lot of flaws, but then this is an unlikely story from start.
None of this happened. The pilots dumped the plane in the water. It's obvious.
Pilots know that for the most part, life jackets are a waste of space because when a plane hits the water it breaks up into small pieces unless it can land in shallow enough water. They would not try to deliberately land a plane on water if there were other choices.
If a plane was landed on the Hudson in one piece, the same could be done if they had calm sea and good pilots. But I think somthing went wrong that was beyond hope.
The Hudson is a calm piece of water and it was in daylight. The sea is so different, very choppy and not something that you can land easily on. And it was in the middle of the night. Being miles away from anywhere, landing on water would have meant little chance of survivability. Let's say they even did that successfully, it may still have taken 2 weeks to find the plane.
what kind of cell phone service do you think there is over there at 25-30,000 feet
If and I Say IF something was set to blow -up you would not head towards a populated area, do the least damage
so they don't know what happened, or don't want us to know what happened. so without any evidence they are just going to force feed us this story about the pilots flying this plane out in the middle of the ocean? why turn off all of the communications first? if he was just going to wreck the plane why do it over the ocean? the government knows what happened to this plane. they have real time spy footage over that region. they watch N.Korea everyday. but if it ever came to light it would cause a war the U.S. does not want to get into. just some food for thought. do your own thinking. don't listen to the media.
For anyone that doubts an in-flight fire could have not only caused a decompression but the pilots to evacuate the cockpit, just Google "Egyptair 777 cockpit fire" and see what that fire did to a 777 parked at a gate did, and then imagine oneself sitting in such a cockpit while airborne. Also see: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/10711590/Malaysia-Airlines-MH370-Cairo-777-cockpit-fire-could-yield-clues-to-missing-plane.html Now, the operative question: Did Malaysian Airlines comply with modifications that came out as a result of the Egyptair investigation? The descent of MH370 to 12,000 is completely consistent with a QRH response to a cabin depressurization, but did such a fire cause it? More importantly, did a fire abate sufficiently (or extinguish) such that the aircraft was able to keep flying, albeit with a dead/incapacitated crew until engine fuel starvation occurred?
A clear and concise response, so very rare on Yahoo. Well said
I agree with you, I have been watching the Mayday series and there was a Helios flight that everyone on board was incapacitated due the cabin pressure, plane kept flying on autopilot til it ran out of fuel and crashed
There was cell battery cargo on board that plane. If they caught on fire and the smoke filled the cockpit the pilots would not know where it is coming from. All they would know is they have an electrical fire. The first course of action would to be to turn off all electronics in hopes of putting out the fire. While they were trying to locate the source of the fire they turned the plane around for an emergency landing. They then could have been overcome by the poison smoke. From there it continued to fly until it ran out of fuel.
Makes sense, Lee; unlike most other scenarios I've read. I like it!
That, to me, is the most logical scenario that fits all the known actual facts to date.
I like your explanation of an electrical fire, all perished by smoke inhalation, and the plane flying by itself until it ran out of fuel. It fits with the data and what they have known so far.
The author of this story, Clive Irving not only has a very short memory, but also enjoys jumping to conclusions as much as the rest of the media. First, if he were to bother to look at most of the news reports when this first happened, he would see that most of the media, and the Malaysians themselves were denying any sinister actions on the part of the pilots, and were also pointing to the fact that the senior pilot had his own flight simulator as evidence that he was extremely experienced with the 777 and less likely to commit pilot error as other might. Secondly, there very much circumstantial evidence that some kind of 'sinister act' as the author put it, took place. This plane deviated from it's route, to what appears to be a pre-programmed course, using way-points. It strangely ascended, then descended during that time. If there had been some kind of computer failure, as in the example of the French flight, which somehow disabled not only the transponder, but also the communications system, then the plane must have been in serious trouble, very quickly. In the case of the French plane, the captain didn't even make it back to the cabin before it crashed. This flight flew for at least four hour, and up to seven, according to the pings form the engines, and possibly ended up over the Indian Ocean. does that sound like some kind of emergency? These pilots were somehow able to keep that bird in the sky for hours, yet has absolutely no way of contacting anyone? Let's say they were either killed or incapacitated in the beginning when the plane ascended and descended. Then one has to assume the plane continued to fly itself for up to seven hours with massive system failure. Very unlikely. What about pilot suicide, as some have said? does it make sense for one of those pilots, who had a death wish, to incapacitate the other in order to crash it in the ocean, to continue to fly the plane for seven hours? there was plenty of ocean right below them to drop into. I seriously doubt the guy would wait that long to do it, and give the rest of the planes crew and passengers an opportunity to break in and stop him. There's no way they would sit there like sheep after what happened on 911. they had to know something was seriously wrong then the thing was all over the place. The reason this mystery is still going on, and is so hard to figure out, is because the people with the means to find out where the plane is, (the U.S. and friends,) are not telling us, for whatever reason. I don't believe for a second that airliner is at the bottom of the Indian Ocean.
A flight engineer was aboard that flight also,were those batteries really secure. God rest those souls.
The pilot for Gods sake was a 30 year veteran, and the media and officials made this into a terror act, assuming everything, you don't assume anything unless you have concrete proof, like many people said online, this was a problem with the aircraft, not the pilots and passengers..,but sometimes the officials just want their 15 munites of fame and will say anything, I think an apology should be made on tv giving due course to these pilots who tried to save this plane, Allah will praise them for the jobs that they have done over the years with Malaysia airlines..RIP to those who lost their lives,
Amen to the RIP Joanie. When I read this item I had already heard the usual "conspiracy theory buffs" going on as they do, In this case they were a bit late because Malaysian investigators were writing it for them.
Now it's "newsworthy" to hear Malaysian airlines P.R. that it’s not their fault, the pilots or the Malaysian governments, with their “speculation” that doesn’t even match the facts we do know, or their own propaganda from yesterday? How about some “speculation” on those 2 Iranian Muslims that boarded with STOLEN passports? How about some “speculation” on why this “Mr. Ali” was never arrested for buying their tickets with cash (one way tickets) for two people with STOLEN passports. Well….. doesn’t the mainly PC and speculation driven media want to “speculated” that?
It is very likely that we may find the aircraft in very deep water, but maybe not find the answers we are looking for. One thing seems obvious. The pilots could have found a way to radio for help, and more or less the opposite happened: Silence. Sometimes silence speaks louder then words. This has been a very big ordeal for the whole world, but no one has come forward with the "WHY"... or claimed responsibility. While this is all very purposeful... it is equally dismaying for lack of answers. What could possibly have been gained by this event? What purpose does this mystery serve? Will this ever happen again?
A Japanese airliner contacted the plane after it went off line and heard back "mumbles" from MH370. As if the pilots were barely conscience.
Maybe they were poisoned by the food...?
Whatever the cause this disaster has given publicity to claims and demonstrations by a respected computer 'clever clogs' who was able to hack a 777 computer by using a Smart Phone connected to the USB of the entertainment console [and a few other 'odds and sod's'], some are saying this cannot be done and even if it could - then the pilot would be able to fly the plane manually, however Boeing have asked for and received permission to change something to prevent anyone from flying the plane from their seat. The dangerous thing is: Now the 'Psycho Toads From The Abyss' know what to do and how to do it.
Great fodder for the Twilight Zone episode!
Why are they even telling us about what they think happened? They have no knowledge what so ever about what the plane tried to do or what the pilots did. Last week CNN was saying it could have flown into a black hole. I get that everyone is wondering what happened, and with that comes speculation...But please stop putting headlines up that make you seem like you know what you're talking about. First it was an accident, then terrorists, then the pilots did something, then someone stole the plane, then back to terrorists, then the pilot got cleared, then he became the suspect again, then the black hole thing, now this #$%$. Find the #$%$ plane before you morons start reporting on it.
This has been the best written article I have seen thus far! To throw accusations at this pilot and put his already stressed and heartbroken family under more pain, with absolutely zero facts is just wrong! But that is the media for you. I hope they find the black box to shed more light on this big mystery. This story has captivated the world, everyone is giving their input on what they think happened, but still we do not know… and may never know.
Well put! It's sad that society on a large scale has forgotten the phrase, "mind your own business". If there was something we could do in addition to prayer, that would be another case, i.e. donate blood for the survivors, but we can't so let's leave the professionals to do their job and interact with the families until there is a fact based understanding of what happened,
This is a prime example of the modern technology laden world we live in. Everyone wants by the minute news, updates and theories. The would be reader wants, those who would print the supposed story wants it and the news makers want it. That is all they have right now. Speculation, theories, innuendo and sensationalization of a tragedy for so many families. It would have been far better to have simply to reported; "Malaysia Flight MH370, out of Kuala Lumpur is missing. Search teams are looking for the aircraft," and have left it at that. Not much of a story for sure, but it is what we know for certain, the rest, right now is nothing more than page filler.
It is a cover up. The 3 largest navies on planet earth have ships/portions of their fleet operating in those oceans, 24/7, 365. They DO NOT just "lose" large aircraft off their radars- never gonna happen. You can't have a bird take a dump in those skies w/o us knowing about it. No way. Protecting your naval assets from airspace threats is job one in this modern world. No way, no how you "lose" a 777 over that operating area. Not gonna happen. Something "bad" happened- it involves politics now between super powers and that is where the "story" is at. I can guarantee that we, the Brits, the Chinese and probably Putin at this point - no EXACTLY the fate of that aircraft. Now, it's just a matter of "crafting" the Goebbels-esque "story" to make it palatable and equitable to all major powers who have political/military/economic interests all being juggled in that part of the world. No more complicated than that. The "suddenly we have satellite ping data" and the search area was moved 2000 plus miles in a totally different direction is clue 1, they know and they know it all. The new search area is most likely the dis-information campaign getting underway now.
Captain, your tinfoil hat is on a little too tightly. - Mr. Spock
1) the pilot’s wife and three children moved out of the family’s home the day before the plane’s disappearance. 2) Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah was a fervent supporter of his country’s opposition leader who was jailed for homosexuality – illegal in Malaysia – only hours before flight MH370 vanished 3) The pilot of the missing Malaysia Airlines jet is pictured in a T-shirt with a Democracy is Dead slogan as fears emerge he could have hijacked the plane as an anti-government protest. And now they are trying to say the pilots tried to save the plane to pacify the families and escape blame. Shame on them and the writer for helping them try to avoid blame.
Right on! This writer wants to absolve the pilots of any wrongdoing, before all the facts are in, and after a very strange set of circumstances. Pilots are really a good ole boy network. CAMERAS IN THE COCKPIT NOW!
Most politicians, are not very good at discerning technical matters, unless they are willing to say anything even without any substance at all, just and merely for politically defensive and arrogant reasons. This is what's been happening with FLT 370 which has ruined and damaged for ever, the entire livelihood of the passengers' relatives. This is unforgivable and non-deserving to both, the possible disappearance and those remaining alive. Speculation should cease and the allow the REAL professional develop what it is necessary to disclose and when. End of story.
I heard a retired pilot interviewed. He said if there was an electrical fire, and it had happened before on that type plane, everything would have gone out and they would have tried for the nearest landing field. I can't remember everything he said but it made sense to me.
Give me a break. Your story doesn’t match the FACTS we do know. No one buys your story Malaysian government. Here are the facts we know so far. 1. The plane disappeared near it’s maximum distance from both the Malaysian air-traffic radars and the Vietnamese radar who were about to pick up the plane. 2. The plane turned OFF it’s transponder and did a U turn. 3. The plane increased altitude (the high is speculation due to distance from both countries radars), then later dived low below radar. 4. Flew across a seldom travelled corridor of northern Malaysia, and despite low altitude where picked up by the Thai military as an unidentified aircraft. 5. Then they are SPECULATED to have flown for nearly 8 more hours to a “remote part of the Indian ocean” and crashed, with no evidence provided of the crash cause “it’s too remote”. Which is what the Malaysian government is trying to sell in their “we must ASSUME the plane crashed”, scenario. The only thing I can assume from those FACTS, for sure, is that whoever was flying the plane was NOT #$%$ everything he could to save the plane. Unless you can sell me that he was trying to find an emergency landing strip on Antarctica and ran out of fuel trying to reach Little America. So spare us your propaganda, or at least come up with a story that makes sense and fits the other info you’ve got.
Don't forgot two Iranian flying on stolen passports
Whose one way tickets were purchased in CASH by a 3rd person named "Mr. Ali", who hasn't been arrested for trying to violate international customs and immigration laws, at the MINIMUM.
"Have the Malaysians finally stopped trashing the pilots?" Clive Irving, this is probably the most hypocritical and prejudiced line I have seen. Everyone in the world has been doing this and I doubt it will discontinue until we know for certain from the black box. I am confused why and hour and a half away from Malaysia, though, they would need to fly for 7.5 hours in the opposite direction, away from radar, w/o calling in for help to get away from a plane that is falling apart. This is a lot of things malfunctioning all at one time. They could have gone right back to the airport since they were so close at hand and had already turned back. I am confused that all these assumptions are growing when satellite images just show objects, not record messages from pilots.
Condolences to the families.Plane is under about 50 feet of water. I see passengers still strapped to their seats. A big hole is on the roof, suggesting an explosion perhaps luggage rack overhead. Out of the water I see land, a beach. Small island with a high mountain, a volcano that had erupted or erupts frequently. About five or nine passengers may have survived, swam to shore. I see that a stewardess might be involved, also I see a man about 35 years old, muscular with a dark green or blue jacket. This is what I saw in vision, perhaps wrong.
Let's go back to the beginning one more time: "Flight MH370 lost contact with Subang air traffic control at 2:40 am on Saturday, March 8th." Until the air traffic controller that witnessed the disappearance of flight MH370 from his radar comes forward any other report from any agency as to what happened to flight MH370 is not relevant. Do large aircraft routinely disappear from radar? No. There are generally only 3 possibilities of why a large aircraft disappears from radar. None of them have to do with turning off a transponder. 1. The object is vaporized - This didn't happen since there was no wreckage found under the location of the disappearance off the radar. At least as far as I know they've searched area where the plane went missing off multiple radar screens. Maybe not. 2. The plane flies under the radar or out of coverage area - This is the most likely thing to have happened to this aircraft since we know it wasn't blown out of the sky by a bomb. We know that if the aircraft was blown up there have been wreckage below and a heat signature detected on satellite of which there is neither. 3. The radar screen is manipulated to make it appear an object the size of an aircraft "disappeared" - Also a possibility, but quite a bit harder to pull off then just flying under radar, landing the plane and shutting it down, when it originally went missing over land, "The aircraft was lost over Vietnamese airspace", not the ocean, at 2:40 am. The investigation has always wanted this plane to have crashed into the ocean - and ultimately the Indian Ocean, where it's deep enough to not be able to find a black box (very convenient). And this is where the investigators have decided this plane will be located, the Indian Ocean. I'm just not sure what's taking them so long since they've always known where this aircraft has been hiding.
Wouldn't someone have texted a message to a loved one from the plane if something unusual was happening..... ie hyjacking. But if all the passengers were immediately or suddenly rendered unconscience then that would explain alot across the board. Or if the plane did take a northern route and the passengers and crew were not under any impression something was going wrong they would not have been the wiser.
I love how the media tries to exaggerate everything, as people may have noticed 1) The flight flew for over 4 hours after disappearing from radar and losing contact: that is not an emergency. period ask Boeing, Airbus. Etc And they were flying over an ocean..yeah(but the South China Sea, is actually quite bright due to moonlight, position, etc. Whiile there is never 100%, the pilots were involved in some means or form. 2) In the year 2000, it was frequent that a pilot left the cockpit, met some passengers, smoozed, since 9/11, when a pilot leaves the cockpit on a 777, the flight attendant has to block off the cabin, and no he does not commingle with the passengers, as it is against regulations.. 3) you can avoid radar and satellites anywhere if you know what to do, especially as there may not be as many satelites looking at that particular region, so disabling transponder would accomplish something.. Let us not defend anyone, the Malaysian authorities are trying to shift blame to Boeing to save face from the search,
Finally! It was very unfortunate to see how some people jumped into digging for some evil act & conspiracy rather than trying to look for the fact in such a tragic situation! They were trying to portray the pilot as a demon while in reality he is a Hero! A very very heart breaking situation for the family & relatives of 239 people on board MH370. Most of the people of the world are shocked & saddened by yesterday's conclusion of crash landing of MH370. Our heart & prayer goes to them.. We are still hoping & praying for a miracle & survival of 239people on board until there is any complete closure!
It is all still speculation. They have learned nothing new to be making these statements anymore than they had to make all the previous ones.
So, is this all just someone's opinion or a wild guess? Until they find the plane what the h(e)ll are they trying to tell us? The plane could also being used as a weapon packed with explosives. Show me some facts, a fact would be nice.
Finally, the authorities are listening to what I have been saying all along: this is likely a case of automated systems going haywire, whether through a fire or some other ex-automated system impact, or through an as yet unknown flaw in the system design, or some other factor or combination of factors, including the possibility of a depressurization incident that could have had the plane fly itself on autopilot to its ultimate demise. To my many loyal adherents who have stood behind me as we helped solve the conundrum of this flight, many, many thanks for your support. We can legitimately claim to have forced the dialogue to shift to this entirely plausible explanation. Stay tuned.
This "article" is covered with as many holes as the previous statements this "article" is trying to dismiss. Unfortunately, we're going to have to wait for the truth. For the wait, I feel for the families of all who appear to be lost. I would find it a breath of fresh air if investigators and specialists do the work and the reporters report on the findings when it's done - no more speculation to increase circulation (or site hits, etc.).
The left turn and a course set to the nearest landing strip equipped to handle the plane, then the climb to over 38,000 feet followed by a rapid decent to 12,000 feet is absolutely consistent with a pilot who would be trying his best to, A: extinguish a fire by depriving it of oxygen at a high elevation, then B: conducting a rapid decent to ensure a fire would be extinguished, especially considering the possibility of interior smoke, and then maintaining a low elevation to the chosen landing strip to keep passengers alive without the use of oxygen masks (which would not have been released if any open flames were present). It's hard to believe that CNN, Fox News and a host of others built the pilot's actions into some kind of horrid terrorist plot. All any of them needed to do was ask any experienced pilot what their own course of action might have been and why such actions might have been taken. Shame on American "news" outlets!
So right...it was kind of obvious from the get go...they were responding to a sudden critical situation...transponder may have been turned off to attempt to turn back on and send emergency code....so sad for all involved..need that black box...
cbmama: Exactly. Let's hope the black box will be found. It is pretty #$%$ when political propaganda supersedes the needs of the families to know how their loved ones perished. Any pilot will tell that whatever happened, it was fast and it involved a fire onboard. An educated guess would be that the crew succumbed to smoke inhalation after setting autopilot. To you who thumbs down... speak please. Take a moment and tell us why we're wrong in our suppositions.
Can ya explain this "It began with assertions that the two systems the airplane depended on to maintain its contact with the ground—the transponder that received and transmitted its position and the system called ACARS that sent bursts of data every 30 minutes about its vital functions—had been switched off." 6 min apart
Pilots don't arbitrarily turn off a transponder with an assigned code on an IFR flight plan...unless they were forced to turn it off or did so for some unauthorized purpose. It's one thing to reset the transponder code to indicate an emergency, loss of communication, or hijacking situation exists and quite another to turn the instrument off without authorization. If an emergency situation had arisen, smoke in the cockpit or an electrical fire, the pilot(s) would have immediately gone to 100% oxygen, issued a May Day distress call, and reset the transponder code as they simultaneously began a descent to a lower altitude where unpressurized flight was possible and oxygen masks were not needed for the passengers and crew. It would have only taken seconds to initiate those actions and are standard procedures. Mr. Irving appears to be attempting to put a different spin on the Flight 370 tragedy without having the requisite flight experience to know what he is talking about.
Adding oxygen to a contained environment that is also on fire would be a drastic mistake. Oh, and so are you.
@ zz77: How much flight experience as a pilot have you got?
I agree with zzz77. Adding 100% oxygen to a fire WOULD be catastrophic !!
AND you don't need flight experience to know this, just common sense will do
@ Commenter: You know the masks that drop down for use by passengers provide 100% oxygen, right? And I'm sure you must know that pilots have masks they put on in the cockpit. Those masks supply 100% oxygen. I've worn them for years as a pilot and have had to use 100% O2 for smoke in the cockpit more than a few times in T-37s. Commenter, you're still an idiot. You have no pilot experience but you've just got to stick your two cents worth of BS into a conversation about flying.
Regarding Irving's idea that the pilots were trying to save the airplane, I disagree for a number of reasons, some of which had to do with the transponder and ACARs equipment being turned off. And I don't believe the plane crashed in the south Indian Ocean. I think the plane was hijacked and taken to Pakistan, then on to Iran for possible use in a terrorist operation. Neither our government nor Boeing, the plane's manufacturer, has issued statements about what they know. That fact alone should call into question all the press releases put out for public consumption. I think we are being misled about the incident by an administration that is not known for forthrightness. Time will tell. Truth will out.
The priority in aviation is; 1) Aviate 2) Navigate 3) Communicate Aviate is first because you have to have control of the aircraft or it might depart controlled flight and crash. Navigate is second because, once you have control of the aircraft, you do not want to have a CFIT (controlled flight into terrain) accident. Communicate is last because you don't want one of the other things to kill you while you are trying to communicate with someone that cannot help you. All of us observers have a morbid curiosity and want to know what happened. But spending time to communicate is not the top priority for aircrews when the you know what hits the fan.
Wrong, wrong, wrong. There are two pilots, for eight hours they don't have the time to communicate? TERRORISM IS THE NUMBER ONE SUSPECT FROM DAY ONE.
Right. Would you fly Malaysian Air in the next year? Not me! Communication is key - and instinct even by pilots would surely cause a cry for help.. and they can speak WHILE they are doing ther things, they wear a headset and speak into the mike and listen thru earphones, no?! Surely you'd get ouch or help or Mayday... ? How long does it take to say that?!
Sorry, but you guys just don't know what you're talking about. History is rife with accidents that could have been avoided but for the crew communicating before navigating, navigating before aviating. All avoidable. The scenario that most fits? Small fire in the E&E compartment, where all the comm gear is located. One by one these things go off line, not turned off by humans but disabled. For a while the crew is unaware. Once they know they have a problem they turn the airplane around. The cabin pressurization controls, also are affected and the cabin starts climbing. Shortly the crew and passengers are overcome by Hypoxia and the crew doesn't start a descent, just like the crew of the Payne Stewart Learjet that flew on for hours till out of fuel and crashed in the Dakota's. Headphones, boom mics? For all we know the radios were also damaged. Again, Why would you waste time calling someone that cannot help? Because YOU want to know whats going on? Sorry, you're last on the list. Get control of the airplane then navigate toward somewhere safe then call someone. To me, that's the most likely scenario.
Theories abound! But, unless you are a little mouse in the corner, we'll probably never REALLY know.
Why in the world would an airline pilot having a simulator at home be in the least suspicious? Perhaps he liked to fly. I know that is a strange thing for an airline pilot to enjoy, but it takes all types.
CPAs read professional journals and take continuing ed courses to advance their professional competence. Same with physicians and other professionals. Unfortunately the functional idiots are looking for a smoking gun, so a pilot owning a moderately priced simulator fits their narrative well.
Why turn off the transponder/Etc?. Why no mayday call or communications? Nothing!! Having his own personal flight simulator in his home? His wife and kids moved out the day before the flight. A woman called him from a non registered throw away phone. All communication and data was deliberately turned off. They flew below radar and made a big turn to no-where. Pilot was none to be a radical and fanatical. Too much strange coincidences to brush off as pilots now trying to save the plane. Two weeks and nothing and now this?? Someone is trying to save face.
A lot of people have simulators at their home for their hobbies and things they love to do. I have a simulator for racing and car games for the computer.That doesn't mean I'm practicing to go suicidal and start ramming cars....
The story suggests a failed hijack attempt to me.
I know a couple of novice pilots with home simulators like the one the pilot had. All you need is a pc, a couple of screens, and Flight Sim. Thousands of plane enthusiasts have them. The media is putting a huge spin on this tragedy.
no one should jump to any conclusions. We don't know the facts. Wait until the FBI is done analyzing the flight simulator, at least. Also, I could see if there was a SUDDEN emergency and the pilots had no time to react and radio a mayday. However, the fact that the plane flew so long before crashing, apparently, and no communication was attempted just doesn't make sense. These planes have multiple back ups and I'm just not buying it until further info is known.
Unless they were all dead, and the plane continued flying on auto-pilot until it ran out of gas. That did happen with another plane.
many experts have said, based on flight path/radar there is no way the plane "flew by itself" once communication was lost.
Anything is pure speculation at this point. Until they find the wreckage, the flight recorder, and can determine cause of death for crew and passengers (was there hypoxia or smoke inhalation, for example), it's really anybody's guess and no one should be pushing one theory over another. We should not be pushing the pilots as heroes anymore than we should be pushing the pilots as villains at this point. The author of this article is committing the same mistake of jumping to conclusions as he accuses the suicide theorists of.
The author of this article is an idiot. This flight departed Kuala Lumpur and within an hour or so the transponder was turned off, or disabled, as well as the ACARS. Suggesting the Malaysian government used "weasel" words such as disabled - what? They don't know how the tracking systems got turned off, they simply know they were turned off an hour into the flight and all communications cut off. And then the flight drastically reduced its altitude, changed course entirely, and flew another seven hours into the South Indian Ocean, presumably. Yes, the focus should be on the pilots at this point, and then with each and every passenger. Something happened here, and the transponder and ACARS did not turn themselves off.
"The pilot did all the right things. He was confronted by some major event onboard that made him make an immediate turn to the closest, safest airport. The loss of transponders and communications makes perfect sense in a fire. And there most likely was an electrical fire. In the case of a fire, the first response is to pull the main busses and restore circuits one by one until you have isolated the bad one. If they pulled the busses, the plane would go silent. It probably was a serious event and the flight crew was occupied with controlling the plane and trying to fight the fire. AVIATE, NAVIGATE, and lastly, COMMUNICATE is the mantra in such situations. There are two types of fires. An electrical fire might not be as fast and furious, and there may or may not be incapacitating smoke. However there is the possibility, given the timeline, that there was an overheat on one of the front landing gear tires, it blew on takeoff and started slowly burning. Yes, this happens with underinflated tires. Remember: Heavy plane, hot night, sea level, long-run takeoff. There was a well known accident in Nigeria of a DC8 that had a landing gear fire on takeoff. Once going, a tire fire would produce horrific, incapacitating smoke. Yes, pilots have access to oxygen masks, but this is a no-no with fire."
All sounds great, except that the pilots made no mention of any of this before cutting off all communications. And it would have been a very slow burning fire in any instance for the plane to continue flying seven hours. Nope, not buying it. There's more to the story and it can't be simply explained away with a bunch of BS dictating mantra in distress situations.
Mr Irving, So what exactly are you saying in your article other than words that make no sense or story line. The approach of could of, would of, maybe this and that, 45,000 ft high yes or no, direction change of flight yes or no, intentional or not intentional, trying to maybe avoid radar, maybe maybe not, pilots tried to save the airplane yes or no, and your rambling goes on and on. No one will ever know what happened on that airplane or if it was only one pilot, both of them or neither of them or being "forced" to fly the aircraft. All guesses, so just stop trying to put your own "twist" into this disaster. Hopefully the black box may some day be recovered but even that will never show who was in control of that airplane.
I just think that it's almost absurd that now all of a sudden, the media is blaming the Malaysian government for all of the misinformation, some unfairly trashing the pilots before anyone really knew the full story, when the media was more responsible for the misinformation, and the entertaining of the most ridiculous conspiracy theories for ratings, than the Malaysian government was.
Everyone wants a boogyman to blame. Some terrorist group is the first thing we jump to even though that made no sense as terrorists like to take credit for their actions. Mechanical failure is so boring. It doesn't sell papers and give the 24 hour news networks an endless line of speculation to fill air time. It's still possible it was deliberate, a suicide or a highjacking but to endlessly speculate on such simply because we are scared of the big bad terrorists makes no sense.
Looking at what little data has been released, nothing so far makes any sense for how a 777 and its pilots react to some emergency situation, what is left intentional. The data almost precludes an accident.
We just have to wait and see what the FBI deciphers on the pilots simulator and the data that was erased. Hopefully it will give the folks that lost loved ones a clue.
Until more solid evidence is located and recovered, all we have is scarce details, and speculation. I just see no logical reason the plane would have changed course, or have flown at too high of an altitude. How do we even KNOW how high the plane was flying? Would we not need to recover the blackbox, to find that out? I do not think mechanical failure is a part of this equation, as no one radio'ed a mayday, and to put the plane into the sea far far off its flight path... that seems to be a HUMAN reaction or decision. Only one purpose is suggested: intentional crashing of the plane. My biggest question would be, if hijackers took over the plane, why did they not just crash it right then? Instead, they fly for many hours, off course? Perhaps they intended to land someplace... and the pilots determined it would be better to drop the plane into the sea, then to land in some godforsaken country and be hostages.
It is patently ABSURD that this plane ran into technical problems that led to is crash and demise. There are also emergency beacons that are activated when a possible crash is imminent, so this new story holds no water. Further, as seen in the Air France crash that occurred in the southern Atlantic after leaving South America, it also took well over a week to find the crash debris, but it was all there stretching for miles on end. There has not been one single shred of debris evidence produced to prove this Malaysian jet crashed into the southern Indian Ocean. NOTHING. That debris will float for months on end and could be seen over an increasing wide area without questions. The jet was flown to a hostile ISLAMIC country to be used a future weapon for terrorist attack. The passengers who were hostages, but now declared dead by the Malaysian Govt., have now become worthless prisoners with one fate: They will be murdered to play along with the official Govt. story.
Your story sounds very interesting and most likely correct. But only problem is why hasn't the Terrorist come forward like they normally do?
If they were hostages held by radicals. They would be worth plenty. Imagine the the mockery that could be made of many governments if these people turned up alive. Showing up mainstream governments is on the top of any ISLAMIC terrorist's list.
@CE: The plane passengers are KAFIRS to Muslims. Kafirs actually means "of no value, worthless" and that is why they delight in killing Christians and Jews the most. Asians or Chinese are no different. Kafirs doesn't just mean "infidels or pagans" to Muslim since there are all kinds of Sharia laws that allow them to be enslaved and exploited financially and persecuted. Islam is a very sick, wacko political ideology and NOT a religion. (Watch "Why are We Afraid" by Dr. Bill Warner on YouTube for a shocking history of Islam that you never knew of before.) Those guys are screwy. They don't want anyone to know they have the plane, since the US, China, or another country would send a drone to destroy it before it ever could be used as a flying terrorist bomb. And the thing cannot be flown around very much unless repainted or has its numbers changed since once spotted, the observation would go viral very fast. Repainting and even altering the markings takes a lot of time for a plane that big. It landed somewhere that either had a large hanger to store it or placed under camouflage of some kind. If the pilot did all this intending only to make a suicide crash to make a statement, he would not have wasted so much time flying it over great distance to do so. What would be the point unless there was a target of some kind to do further damage. The pilot was a practicing Muslim in a Muslim run country & government. Radical Islamic terrorists don't waste time doing their dirty work once in control of a plane. As seen on 9/11, they crashed into the trade towers within less than 2 hours after takeoff. @UnhappyCracker: The mockery will become even worse when they finally use the plane for a terrorist attack and do some major damage and kill a lot of people. They will do it for the most dramatic and sensational effect. The Boeing 777 is a very big jet, just a size down from a 747, but almost the same weight with fuel. And there are actually several sizes of 747s, some smaller than a 777. And much bigger than the planes on 9/11. Filled with explosives it could be a massive bomb like never imagined and make 9/11 look like a minor incident. This jet going missing is really bizarre. And there is absolutely NO evidence that it crashed into the southern Indian Ocean. BS.
Also missing is the email the pilot sent to the PM pertaining to his MOTIVE. This would be the device engineered by a deranged mind to bring down the Barisan Nasional and bring in Reformasi in Malaysia. Believe it or not since we are in the realm of speculation and it will be months and years before recovery of any tangible evidence because the Indian Ocean is a perfect place not to disappear an airplane, even if the calculation was by unbalanced mind.
This article with it's unsupported headline doesn't clear up anything or anyone. It continues to fuel speculation by starting with a different assumption. We MIGHT know what happened if and when the black box is retrieved. Until then, all these speculators are just trying to drive ratings. Pure BS.
curiosity is a curious thing! the plane is gone. the people are gone. after this long, they are presumed dead. a plane that size could not be hidden this long if it landed. so let's move on, and let those families get closure. it was a crash, like any other crash. let it go. if there was anything sinister about it, that does not make the passengers any less dead. so why force their families to relive this over and over again endlessly? close the case. move on in the news. let it be OVER!!!
There is validity in trying to figure out if this was indeed an act of terror and, if so, what the greater goal of the plot was. You don't find it at all strange that the plane was flown thousands of miles off course?
nope,i don't find it strange at all. autopilots are not infallible, and it could have taken over from the pilots and they may have had no way to override it. there are a million, not scary reasons this could have happened. when you look for problems, you can always find them.
No one said there aren't a ton of reasons this could have happened that aren't terror-related. Dismissing the event without determining the cause is reckless. What if it was a terror event? What if there was a greater plan in motion. Just because there are many other possible explanations which are not terror-related doesn't mean terror is not a possibility.
if it were terrorists, they would have used their bragging rights by now to take credit for it. terror only works when people KNOW you are terrorist and they feel threatened by it. what good is a silent terrorist? so of course nobody knows for sure, but I am thinking, logically I believe, that this was not a terrorist event.
So the evidence suggest that they lost cabin pressure or had a fire and responded accordingly. Still no plane or debris so how can they say they actually know anything else.
I agree that the simplest explanation is usually correct. My conjecture is that the plane suffered some kind of in flight emergency, and the pilot did what he was trained to do, turn back toward land, and hope to get on the ground. Meanwhile, during the emergency, the emergency turned catastrophic, loss of cabin pressure and oxygen, disabling the flight crew. The plane, on autopilot, evidently flew kept flying until it ran out of fuel and fell into the South Indian Ocean. The fact that debris has been sighted at the farthest reach of it's range suggest it ran out of fuel..this is only hypothesis on my part, but it does fit the facts we know at this point.
Sounds like a reasonable explanation. And we should let the facts shine through and ignore statements by talking heads and politicians trying to save face or shame.
Im sorry.. but every pilot out there knows "mayday mayday" especially one with 18000+ hours of flight time and military training. That pilot was trained for decades to handle emergencies. No excuse for failure to call and/or switching off communication gear.
You can't send a mayday signal if you're incapacitated.
Don't you mean it's suspected they (pilots) turned them off? I mean, unless you were there you really don't know who turned them off or why they stopped transmitting.
Wolfcat I agree with everything you said
Most of the scenarios put forth in the disappearance of this aircraft were put forth by the media - not by Malaysian Airlines or the Malaysian Government. Every news outlet - especially CNN - brought in so-called 'experts" putting forth their own theories which all of a sudden became government reports. Bullcrap! I think our world has been made much worst by the media who think they're experts as well. There's apparently not enough news during a 24-hour period in the world, so they make things up - taking improbable but not impossible situations and saying that it's a potential reason - without grading or rating it as a very low probability. They won't accept the government saying "we don't know what's happened" - they want people to believe that their news program alone has the answer. What this does to the families is unbelievable; they think that they're the last to get news because one news station puts forth a scenario and the rest all jump on it - even when it's just conjecture and there are no facts to back it up. It;'s not just with this plane. The one that CNN does all the time that absolutely KILLS me is when they get a bunch of newspeople together to act like experts. Excuse me? Where's your aerospace engineering degree? Where's your economics degree? I would NEVER, EVER consider a journalist an expert in anything except perhaps writing (fiction as well as non-fiction) - but I would never take anything that they say as gospel truth. They don't need to pur forth the truth anymore - only what will sell their news. It's disgusting and Americans should hold them more accountable for the drivel they put out.
I have suspected the lithium batteries played a role in this the first time I heard them mentioned. They were carrying a ton of them in the cargo hold of the aircraft. I suspect these batteries caused a fire and possibly an explosion of some sort that took out most of the electronics systems (including the transponders and the ACARs systems) on board the aircraft. I suspect that the pilots were flying by dead reckoning (no pun intended) and lost their way over the water. East, South, West and North look the same when you are over water and without visual navigation from the cockpit, no matter how good a pilot, they were flying a damaged plane. I think they got lost over water and flew until the fuel ran out. I think air shipment of lithium batteries should be banned from aircraft, they have proven to be way too volatile for air transport.
About time to see this point of view. Who commits suicide by flying seven hours and running out of fuel? Who hijacks a plane so quickly no mayday is issued, but then ditches the plane w/of taking political credit? No one, that's who. Has anything more been said about the early report of a pending maintenance alert regarding structural weakness around the 777 antenna? Is there redundancy in antennas, or could that explain both depressurization and comma shutdown?
Nah, your theory isn't exciting enuf, bruv. The media much prefers terrorism, hijacking, suicide, nutty passengers, aliens and other assorted BS from so-called experts on so-called news organisations such as C#$%$-NN.
So if area around transponder broke off(my initial theory-despite many thumbs down) then one of 2 things should have taken place: either wing broke off and plane spun out of control into ocean, or with push of button distress call would have taken place.
I surmise that the pilot made that hard left turn in an effort to return to the airport after something went wrong. Also, he descended as he got closer to the airport (probably the same airport he left from) Whatever went wrong with the plane (perhaps electrical) caused him to lose control of the plane which may have been why it went up to 45,000 feet. Having managed to turn the plane to the southwest in a effort to return to the airport he may have than lost all control and was unable to keep the plane from heading southwest into the Indian ocean. Without electrical he was not able to use the radio nor were the transponders working or anything else electrical. The plane continued until it ran out of fuel and crashed into the sea. ????
If we can't broadcast the news, we'll just make up some #$%$ and broadcast it as if it is news. Just look good on camera and keep on talking
make sure those teeth are perfectly align and pearly white!
i dont believe they are dead! but they are in purgatory hell. they are probably in somewhere in a very secluded or unexplored island in south pacific athoug. similar to a Oceanic Airlines Flight 815 was a scheduled flight from Sydney, Australia to Los Angeles, California, United States, on a Boeing 777. On September 22, 2004, the airliner, carrying 324 passengers, deviated from its original course and disappeared over the Pacific Ocean. This is the central moment in the series Lost and the personal chronological beginning of the main characters' exploits on the Island. Flight 815's breakup and crash was due to Desmond Hume failing to enter a code into the Swan station computer, causing a large burst of electromagnetic energy. Look for Charles Windmores he is behind on staging fatal crash. while john locke leading the survivor to a darkside of the force. mystery island is probably the ancient atlantis. overall they are in hell.
Remember when pro golfer Payne Stewart died in October 1999 when his Lear jet had a catastrophic decompression? Hypoxia rendered the pilot and passengers unconscious within seconds and they died shortly thereafter. The Lear jet continued to run on autopilot until it ran out of fuel and crashed in South Dakota. My hypothesis is that this is most likely what happened to flight MH370 and that is why there was zero cell phone or other communication from anybody onboard. They will just have to figure out why there was a catastrophic decompression...........and that's is where the speculation begins.
Okay troll, give me your elementary theory
hey, "Clive" - you sound rather pathetically hypocritical. this piece offers some nice bits of INFORMATION, but is poisoned, also, with too much inflammatory 'conjecture' and judgement from afar. Give them ALL a break. I'm sure NONE of them wanted to be in this situation, and it is a sad affair. your armchair conjecture on the 'mishandling' of the narrative is just as premature and small as you suggest the conjectures are of the officials into the accident. With little 'fact' to work with, and with so MUCH at stake, it only seems reasonable that any possible angle be looked into. Furthermore, whereas the fate of lives were potentially still at stake in their investigation, you are probably just trying to sell your article.
Conservatives in DC scored another victory today against the liberals in their war on what they call Liberalism and indecent exposure. It is now against the law and can result in serious fines. The first fine will cost you $10,000.00, the second $50,000,00 and the third one will automatically get you 6 months to a year in Federal Prison if you fart in public. They say that it is just one more reason that the warming climate change is not due to carbon emissions or burning fossil fuels.
Try coming up with a scenario that fits the data and FACTS we know so far, that fit their current story. The plane turned off its transponder, did a U turn, changed altitude and then flew low over northern Malaysia, west. Not to avoid radar, but because there was a mechanical failure that caused these altitude and direction changes. Then after flying into the Indian ocean, turned Southwest to reach this “remote location” were they ASSUME it crashed nearly 8 hours later (but have no proof still offered). 1. Pilots were unconscious after the altitude/direction change and it was on auto pilot, flying low WEST. Then to get to their “speculated” crash location either. A. The pilot briefly regained consciousness just long enough to change the autopilot to fly to the most remote direction away from civilization, before traveling the next 7 hours. B. After flying at low altitude and being picked up by the Thai military flying west, they developed a 2nd “mechanical problem” that made the plane change directions and the autopilot couldn’t correct for this failure, but then after a while figured out how to fly straight with that malfunction, to a new heading, in a “remote part of the Indian ocean”. No scenario is believable, much less their story about how they now believe the pilots did "everything the could to save the plane"..... heading towards Antarctica? Maybe next they'll try to sell that the 2 Muslims from Iran that they let board with STOLEN passports were serving tea and comforting passengers and sang them a lullaby in the last few hours.
Why'd the 2 mo rons who thumbed me down NOT offer a theory that works? Oh, you couldn't so you just ran away? Exactly!
They made up those so called satellite pings to completely divert peoples thinking. Where was that data on day, two, three and so on. The real truth is, that plane entered a dimensional space portal and vanished. Is it really that hard to believe? If you lived in the dark ages and I came to you and told you about magnetic properties of a magnet and explain how they could change your life by creating electricity to have air condition, TV, phones and all the electronics we have today. You would call me crazy, and ask if I wear a tin hat and laugh with your stupid friends. We don’t know how the magnet gets its “magical” power, but we use them to have a civilized life today. The magnet is the most important discovery in history. Even if the pilot radioed in about a spiral opening in front of them, the authorities would destroy that evidence. For whatever reason they don’t want you to know the truth. For one, they think the public couldn’t handle it. Second, Religion keeps us under their control and they would lose that control.
All speculation, This aircraft could be on the ground in the Mideast being retro fitted into a very big bomb. The Lib- news is not going to Speculate about that. I guy flew a small plane across Russia and landed it in Moscow without being detected by Radar. How hard would it be to fly an airliner into a country that was expected and supporting terror???? Investigative Reporting is not done in our Modern coverup news age. So called "reporters" only print what the empire allows!
Ever hear of Occam's razor? Occam's razor states that given several different possiblilities, the simplest one is usually correct. The simplest solution is that the jet crashed.
Yes I have heard, The point I was trying to make is that-- Their are thousands of "so called" reporters and "so called" experts giving opinions (speculating). When time and energy would be better spent actually doing some investigating. (And yes I am aware that thousands are also investigating)
I have to ask - how many of you actually watched an entire official press conference? Do you really know what was released and how much information were mis-released? Or are you just repeating the confusion fueled by media with commercial interests? Do the Malaysians own the satellites? Were they the ones doing the calculations? Were not the Vietnamese who jumped the gun and trigger the hysteria of searching South China Sea? Did Thailand not come forward with radar information 10 days after the plane disappeared? Were the US not also having a military base and hence radar intell in the region? Maldives spotting? NZ oil rig worker sighting? Chinese satellite pictures in the South China Sea? What reasons could there possibly be for the Malaysian military, government or airlines to inflict this on themselves? To cover WHAT up ? A shoot down? Is it even possible, what with all the spy satellite coverage from various countries? But feel free to just run with the hysteria. "Have the Malaysians finally stopped trashing the pilots?" Malaysians trashing the pilots? Really? Shame on you.
I really wish there was a command on my computer that would make the people who keep posting that no cell phone calls or text messages were sent from the plane to punch themselves in the face.
We have non-trustworthy people on the front line of information dissemination. It gives the distinct impression that the Malaysian government may be engaged in some type of cover up, first setting up the pilots as potential fall guys, then downplaying Iranians boarding planes with stolen passports. If two Iranian men stole passports in Thailand where the original holders said they were at the time of the theft in order to seek asylum in a less restrictive country, why in the world would they be traveling from Malaysia to China? Things are still not adding up here.
I will believe the plane crashed when they finally recover the pieces and are sure that they came from the aircraft . Debris is still being washed up all over from the tsunami in 2011 as well as the junk people throw in the sea or is washed overboard . And what if this debris is not from the aircraft ?. Then they will apologize and say it was a mistake ?? Or will they simply keep quiet and hope it blows over ? Something round and orange could be a life raft from a yacht as well .
It still doesn't explained that if it truly WAS an epic battle to save the plane, why they would cut off communications with air traffic control and just before doing so say "Good night!" ... Im not saying the captain did anything foul but what HONESTLY happened? there's something we aren't being told and all of a sudden, NOW we are able to figure out they tried to SAVE the plane? Its like the whole Osama bin Laden death thing... the worlds most wanted man is finally taken after years and years of one of the worlds most massive man hunts and a couple days after the announcement that he has been shot and killed by seal team 6, we find out his body just happened to be buried at sea? Wait what?? and the government will not allow ANY photographic proof that it was in fact Bin laden who was reportedly killed that day in Pakistan!
Sorry but I'm not seeing the comparison there at all
I'm guessing fire in the electrical system could have been the cause. I hope it the real cause is found in the hope it eases the heartache for the friends and relatives and prevents further loses.
it just don't sound right, we may never know what happen.
This is the first article I've read that finally makes some sense. I have thought an electrical smoke/fire or cargo smoke/fire situation could be a plausible explanation for the loss of the aircraft. The captain was a flying fanatic and the first officer had a long and promising career ahead of him. They just don't fit the part of terrorist/suicide/pirates. All you conspiracy theorists can speculate all you want, but the likely scenario is a crew was dealing with an onboard emergency, performed an emergency descent while turning towards the nearest suitable airpor I know I will get some some thumbs down from the uninformed but I spend about eight nights a month over the ocean as I near the end of a 40 year flying career. I think these guys were dealt a bad hand, probably an electrical fire, and dealt with it the best they could. It didn't work and the world chastises them. If it would have worked they would have filled out some reports and been back in the saddle the next day with no one the wiser. Now that they are closing in on the pieces ,there is an increasing likelihood they will find the CVR and FDR to figure out what happened. Meanwhile, the public can prepare for the next uninformed, and misguided hysteria. I think things worked a lot better when the media wasn't in the business of instant gratification.
I'd fly on your plane anytime. Love your post name.
You are spot on. The materials inside aircraft produce toxic fumes when they burn. Dead people make no calls and the passengers died inside 5 minutes. Also fire is the only thing that fits the criteria of a ghost craft flying until it ran out of fuel.
Agreed. I am an old military/airline pilot and aircraft accident investigator. The media, and even eye witnesses, are usually 90% wrong. The media is 90% or more wrong these days on any subject - pick one - farm subsidies. Doesn't matter. They don't report, they create. And worse is what is left out that doesn't meet their scenario. We have even had the press change an accident scene to get a better photo. Threw us off the scent for awhile. We have too few dots to connect here. If they flew the plane, handled the emergency, and then communicated, they may not have gotten to that last part before losing the battle. A turn back and rapid decent would be consistent with fighting an emergency. Part of a cockpit smoke situation is for one pilot to fly the plane and the other to get up and fight the fire. If the smoke is too thick, you can't see what you are doing. If it is electrical, procedures require turning off all nonessential equipment to isolate the problem. Harder to get right when you can't see. At higher altitudes, you have to have pressure breathing equipment to stay conscious. The pilots do. Those little masks in the back make it necessary for you to get down fast to save the passengers. There would be no one to call, or answer the phones, if the plane stayed high, even a few minutes too long. I am not ready to hang the crew just yet. Already seen too many times the crew was blamed for not getting 100% correct. If they get 999,999 correct and one wrong, it is pilot error, only because the pilots have to correct all management, design, charting, air traffic control, weather reporting, and maintenance errors in flight, and can't catch them all. I'd give them a break before I would reduce them to the accuracy of the media, or of politicians.
A lot of this does smell like a paid-for Media campaign--perhaps to divert attention away from Russia? Who knows really? Was the news cycle that slow? Were people really in fear of the "wart on error" dying down, so to speak? It is shameful that local politics poisoned the process, but the conduct of _Western Media_ well outside of that is just appalling. That some idiot somewhere had to ask the "black hole/Is This _Lost_?" question really did cinch it. This is why I get my news from the internet and why my television is a total paperweight. No, the internet isn't free of crackheads and conspiracy theorists, but at least online there's a _chance_ of someone staying calm and simply reporting the facts as they exist. I've said it before and I'll say it again: this was one of those new jet designs, and it was rushed out before people knew why the fuselage was prone to getting cracks, and before people knew why the on-board lithium-ion batteries kept flaming out. A fuselage crack would have lead to a pressure drop, while a battery fire would have lead to toxic smoke. Done and done. Either one could have been the problem on a strictly rational level and I did NOT need Television Talking Heads for that. That the Media in the United States and elsewhere got on the hype train really shows that some people are PAID TO be desperate for any diversion from REAL facts in the REAL world, like oh, Russia, or the NSA, or North Korea being RIGHT on something for once (even the threat of nukes keeps you from being invaded, go figure).
This whole situation is absolutely unspeakable, My heart goes out to the families. Lets just say if the jet is really in the ocean. I hate to say this: There sharks among other things that no one is aware meaning sea creatures. The messed up part is the United States Government will track our phones and listen to our conversation. You're telling me that they can not track the last known where abouts to all these peoples phones??? I'm sure some of them had their phones turn off some may have had their phones on airplane mode and I'm sure a few actually had their phones on silent and someone had their phone completely on. I'm sure its to late to even try now. I do not blame China one bit getting involved, The United States due to 3 passengers were American Citizens, For the rest of the other countries supports, It amazing and speechless that all theses countries can actually get along. So I'm questing what is really going on???? For everyone to basically play nice. Are they trying distracting us with all of this, To keep us in tune the with this missing airline jet. While Russia is acting all crazy right now and Iran trying to build and our American Soldiers are in Afghanistan.
Have they reported (I know, don't laugh) anything more on the 2 young men with stolen passports (although I don't think at this point they were hijackers) ... The only thing I read was they stayed at a friends the night before, he heard them speaking on their cell n told him to be quiet because they were speaking on the phone... But other than that coupled with stolen passports.. I've read nothing of an investigation on them, no family etc mentioned
Most of the articles written about MH370 are nothing more than written masturbation, this article doesn't even get the implied pay off. I support the notion that blithely and inappropriately blaming the crew is all to often scape goating for either a lack of actual empirical conclusion or the attempt to protect commercial interests. Howver, here there is nothing I have seen that removes the crew from question. The lack of communication is hard to otherwise understand. In an emergency, even cursory communication is a priority. If the crew were indeed responding to an emergency, they would have made, at least a quick radio call declaring an emergency, the call would also include a quick statement of intention to turn the aircraft back toward Kuala Lumpur or whatever airport they were attempting to divert to. The lack of communication is something of a smoking gun; I'm not saying that this even comes close to proving that the crew took any action one way or the other, rather there is no evidence that either condemns or exonerates this crew. Ultimately, until the aircraft and the black boxes are recovered, this continuing wild speculation is nothing more than the aforementioned self pleasuring.
Steven... skip the "empirical conclusion" BS.... you don't even understand what you are trying to say ;) lol
"Steven... skip the "empirical conclusion" BS" Or, as you would have it: why bother with the facts. Do you even know what "empirical" means? LMAO Great post, Steven.
nothing wrong with a little brainstorming though !
I read a really great article by a pilot that went over the details of what happened and he explained what might be going through the flight crews minds as this happened and his conclusion was that it was not anything sinister and that it was probably some kind of malfunction, most likely a fire. The problem with this country is that we find everything sinister before we know the facts and then try to make the facts fit what we want so there's more media coverage. Seriously..... let's just let the news media determine the truth everything?
No smoking gun, just pilot protocol in an emergency. You may not like it but communicating isn't first priority.
Lee, I am not trying to be offensive, but you don't seem to have a grasp of how an airline crew actually works. Had there been an emergency, the crew would have identified the issue, the Captain would decide who is going to fly and who will work the problem. If he/she decides that the First Officer will fly, he will issue directions like "get us headed toward xyz airport, declare an emergency, if you have any questions ask." The Captain will then begin working the problem, running checklists etc. The radio call from the flying pilot can be as short as " Malaysian center, MH 370, we have a fire, we are declaring an emergency and are returning to Kuala Lumpor, stand by." In this first two or three minutes the crew has "aviated, navigated, and communicated." The communication would come very quickly and take perhaps 15 seconds to accomplish. Communicating is not relegated as a task to be done only when everything else is accomplished. It would be done rather quickly. The fact that there was not even a perceptible attempt to communicate is puzzling. The fact that the plane flew for a total of seven plus hours, does not rule out the possibility that a mechanical malfunction is at the core of this accident, but it does seem somewhat less likely. Even if the crew had lost the ability to communicate, there are established procedures for flying an airplane that has lost the ability to communicate.
Had a fire burned up the control cables of the aircraft, the airplane would have been uncontrollable, to either the pilots or the autopilot. That possibility seems unlikely.
Aviate, navigate, communicate. In that order...period. The pilots most likely turned off the buses which is standard procedure for a fire, turned the plane around, most likely navigated to 12,000 feet indicating a problem with depressurization and then where overwhelmed with whatever issue they were dealing with. That can happen in seconds. This is a strong aircraft and many experts on the 777 have said it easily could have stayed in the air until it ran out of fuel regardless of a fire or other catastrophic issue. No one knows for sure which is why we need to find the plane. If its caused by lithium batteries then transport them differently. All I'm saying is that lack of communication isn't a tell all or the first thing they would do.
It strikes me that you don't really have a point here. My initial post was specific to the fact that we do not have enough information to rule anything out as a cause for this disaster; including nefarious actions taken by the one or both pilots. I explained how an emergency would be handled, quite specifically that one of the two pilots would make contact with ATC within a very short period of time to let ATC know what was happening and what they were doing about it. Still, you seem to think that communications would be put off for an extended period of time. That is simply not the case. One of the two pilots is flying, that covers aviate and navigate, the other pilot is tasked with communicating. If the crew had experienced control problems, which seems unlikely because the airplane flew for seven plus hours, once control was regained, a radio call would be made, period. Even if they had experienced a fire that was located within one of the radio panels, that would not render the aircraft unable to communicate. The radios are not all powered by the same bus, that is a designed redundancy. If they suspected it to be an electrical fire, you would not turn off all electrical power, realistically, you would systematically turn off circuit breakers and possibly generators in an attempt to isolate the problem system or bus. If this had been a pressurization problem, the pilot flying gets the aircraft configured and then descending, while he is doing that, the pilot monitoring is declaring an emergency. If the crew was incapacitated very quickly, that does not explain the behavior of the aircraft. If it is not programmed to do something, the airplane will simply continue doing what it is doing. If the crew had the time to reprogram the FMC why did they not communicate? It only takes one pilot to run the box, and even if he was the only one still conscious, communication is nothing more than pressing down on a push to talk button on the yoke and then speaking, it doesn't take much. Given that my point here is that the original article is wrong to suggest that the crew should not be considered as a possible cause of this accident. I quite clearly made the point that until the aircraft, the FDR and the CVR are recovered, we simply do not know. Let me be very clear here, the number of accidents where mechanical failure was the cause and there was no communication from the crew, let us not forget that this airplane flew for seven hours, could be counted on your fingers. The lack of communication is perhaps the most puzzling aspect of this tragedy; but what do I know? I'm just an airline pilot.
Had I been on that flight investigators would soon discover that I had deleted e-mail on the day of the flight! Subsequent investigation would determine that I had deleted several e-mail messages in the days prior to the flight! FBI analysis would eventually recover the deleted e-mail and one news analyst would suggest that my bizarre behavior was caused by low-T while other analysts would insist that I was depressed because of paying too much for auto insurance. Mundane alternatives could be quickly dismissed as unlikely to increase viewership.
I would be suspect # 2. The FBI would hold a press conference to exclaim that I had deleted dozens of emails just before the plane went missing! Oh, yes, and I was also depressed because I'm over weight... thus... a prime candidate for dangerous behavior! President Obama himself would chime in and say that I posted derogatory information about his making too many DAILY speeches.... therefore... I must be a threat to "homeland security." Yes, all the idiots of government were so busy trying to elbow one another out of the way so they could get in the TV camera viewfinder.... that they didn't care about their lack of honesty .
"Then there were the more personal inferences. The captain, Zaharie Ahmad Shah, was an active supporter of the Malaysian political opposition. True. So you make a convincing political statement on behalf of more liberal causes by disappearing an airplane full of people? Sinister, right?" . lol! Jesus Hopscotching Christ, the bleeding hearts are in full spin cycle on this thing. First, there's no such animal as a "Liberal Muslim Political Opposition". Muslim politics comes in only two flavors: Islamist Sharia Based, and Slightly Less Sharia Based Somewhat Secular Dictator Style. The "liberal" Malaysian opposition party this low information writer is talking about is the former because it's really just a front for the Muslim Brotherhood (Google it). You remember, the same people the Egyptians are trying to get rid of because they had more freedom under the secular dictator Oblahblah helped get rid of? So let's see...we've heard several different versions of what happened, Islamiscist flying the plane, two Iranians with stolen passports...naw nothing strange there. Then there's the transponder which the writer strains to explain as "disabled". The breakers were deliberately pulled...in other words, they didn't want to be found. If you're plane is in trouble YOU WANT TO BE FREAKING FOUND! You don't pull the breakers, and then hope you get picked up as an unidentified aircraft on radar and then shadow another plane so you CAN'T be picked up on local radar (which the author didn't mention). Also, you radio stuff like, "Mayday! mayday!" Or, "We're experiencing mechanical problems. Redirecting to nearest landing strip in Vietnam". Crash landings usually involve fire trucks and ambulances, and airports...even third world ones...appreciate a little a warning ahead of time. You don't say "Yep. We're good. NIght night." and then hope your plane doesn't crash into the sea before you can make a surprise emergency landing.\ . Nope, not buying it. .
And all trolls can go fuck themselves. I don't care what you have to say.
The greatest disadvantage of a leaders is dyeing in his pursue .When a person is considered the leader of a project ,any misfortune that a-cur is always his fault .the living knowing that he can not and will never be able to defend himself always lay the negatives on him .Hitler did not make a war by him self even though he was killed the Jews was not satisfy so they dug up the body give him a court trial knowing he could not defend himself and then kill him again. That is what they probably will do to this man.
Hitler did not make war? He certainly did lead one and he ordered the murder of millions of Jews and non-Jews. WTF does that have to do with flight MH370 and what is your point? If it's to demonstrate that you're a complete moron, you have succeeded.
until we see the wreckage or black box being found, this is still very questionable . The fact that nothing has been found, not even floating suitcase leaves me suspicious of a hijack. I don't blame the relatives for not believing the new crash story. I wouldn't trust this government to tell the truth to it's citizens. But what government really does tell all the truth to it's citizens? I sure wouldn't fly this airline though. they had another emergency landing in Hong Kong . oh man.
You think it's stuck in a tree somewhere Flo?
This latest theory just does not make sense. If there was an emergency or a catastrophic failure why would the flight crew disable the transponder as well as ACARS? And why in the hell would they not declare an emergency? And if something had gone horribly wrong whey didn't any of the passengers place a call on their cell phones? Has anybody considered the idea that the party (or parties) responsible for this turned off the oxygen to the aircraft long enough to incapacitate everybody on the plane and proceed with their dastardly plot? But unless we find the CVR and DFDR the answers to the greatest aviation mystery in history will never be known.
Planes don't fly with cell towers attached to them.
They were caught by surprise by a weapon that obliterated them and the plane,Until they find and show the plane thats the theory I stand by!They recently unveiled some pretty sinister missile erasing laser weapons onboard navy ships!Google it We have the capability!Its also why they picked a place in the middle of nowhere,So it couldnt be challenged!
You do not have a clue to how oxygen is supplied to the aircraft or atmospheric oxygen is supplied. You do not have a clue as to what happens in a fire or emergency. You do not have a clue about what choice someone makes in an emergency. If they were having serious control issues due to electrical or computer issues, and there was smoke in the aircraft, the most important thing was to get the aircraft to a place where they could land safely. If they got things sorted out, and there was power to the radios, they would have tried to respond. I guess they couldn't. If the plane was flying above 25,000', and the environmental control system wasn't working, they were all dead when the plane started into the Indian Ocean.
Talk about some pathetic propaganda. AFTER turning off their transponder, doing a U turn, changing altitudes to avoid radar and appear to crash, then flying at low altitude across northern Malaysia trying "unsinister like" to avoid radar. Into the Indian ocean, and supposedly a "remote area" where they offer no proof, the pilots 8 hours later did everything they could to save the plane heading towards Antarctica? What's next, the 2 Muslim Iranians with STOLEN passports they let board served tea a crumpets and comforted everyone for 8 hours, and changed baby diapers in the last hours? If you're going to sell bull with your speculation story, why not make it really ZING?
Why are you speculating that I'm Muslim or a democrat? But at least this mo ron Chris doesn't even attempt to offer a theory that explains away the FACTS that I posted. Thanks for ADMITTING that. Allah snackbar, ID10T!
OK, I'll speculate. The plane was taken over by someone, not the pilot (s), who for whatever reason wanted to hijack the plane. After incapacitating all of the passengers, he, too, was incapacitated and the plane flew on for hours with all aboard dead or unconscious. If it was a fire or malfunction, the pilots would have sent out a mayday distress before turning back. The other option is one of the pilots took control, incapacitated everyone on board, turned back towards western Sumatra at a lower elevation to parachute out of the plane. The plane's auto-pilot was then set to fly southwest into the south Indian Ocean for hours. All an elaborate plot to fake his own death.
There are way too many missing pieces of the puzzle. Don't come out and make a statement this is what happened to the plane when you have no credible evidence of the the plane crash. Nothing about the this whole incident makes any sense. No radio communication? Transponder was turned off? No wreckage? Ohhhhh, but wait! Our best guess is that the plane had trouble so they headed farther out to sea and crashed in a very remote part of the ocean? This is far from over.
Like everyone else, I'm just guessing. But I would say that there was an electrical fire of some sort. It could have disabled the radio (hence no communication). It would support the idea of turning around and dropping down to a lower altitude (once in range of land a cell phone could have been in range of a tower). Depending on what the crew was trying to do the plane could have been on auto pilot (if it was working). If smoke filled the cabin before they could ditch the plane all would have lost consciousness. Unless an airport was set into the autopilot it would have flown in a set direction until the autopilot was damaged (by the fire) or it ran out of fuel.
Yet another twist in the coverup? Orignially the aircraft had enough fuel to stay in the air for approximately 4 more hours after the transponder stopped signalling. Then when the fact came out that the ACARS system had continued to ping satellites for up to 7 or possibly 8 hours after the transponder stopped transmitting the fuel load story changed to match. The satellite data showed a possible path of flight on a corridor that encompassed almost half of the eastern hemisphere. Now the aircraft is down in one of the most remote non-accessible points on the entire earth. Here is my take. The aircraft had fuel for 4 more hours of flight. The reason the aircraft continued to "ping" satellites for 3 hours longer than the aircraft had fuel is because the aircraft was on the ground, the hijackers, we will call them that because we have no other way to reference them, either were unloading the passangers corpses or they were hearding the passangers into a holding facility. The aircraft was then hangarred or hidden and the power finally disconnected inside the aircraft which in fact shut the ACARS system and all other electrical systems on the aircarft off completely. The Malaysians, along with several other countries do not want the public to continue to think that he aircraft could in fact be on the ground and that it could have a further purpose in the hands of deviant humans. Thus, the story that they have some never before used data analysis tool that proves that the aircraft crashed into the southern Indian Ocean off the Northern coast of Antarctica. Yet, with all this proof of the fate of the aircraft the search continues at this hour in the northern radius and over land in Asia. Why 2 corridors if they are "positive" the aircraft is in the Indian Ocean. Now the pilots are heroes? This is getting more and more like a made for TV drama than it is anything else. Something in the stories doesnt jive. I for one would not be surprised to see the next tidbit in the puzzle be that they found small debris from the aircraft and it is further proof of its fate, but the black boxes will not be recoverred. I would expect that if this is a concocted story to settle down all the talk of the aircraft being in the hands of a terrorist organization that the reason the search has been called off this morning is to plant evidence for a search party to find to say that it is debris from MH370. Not buying the media releases anymore. Something just isnt making sense in the timeline.
They are so pressured by everyone for answers. And this is the way they are ending the whole thing!!!
yeah something's rotten in Malaysia! I love it how suddenly they have this "New" technology that they used for the "First time" and wow, OMG, it found the plane in the deepest, furthest, most inaccessible part of the Indian ocean (so don't anybody try and go out there to look for it cause you wont find it) ... and now all this? I'll believe it when I see the proof of debris from this actual plane AND photographic Evidence that Bin Laden was actually killed because that story has as many holes as this one!
This whole thing is fishy from day one. Malaysian PM is an #$%$ for a) texting the families of the victims and b) making a final decision based on ASSUMPTION. This is ridiculous and the poor families are still left with no answers, no evidence and no hope. It seems to me their withholding of information, delay in searching pilots house to get the simulator immediately and then to top it off the delay in interviewing his wife bc she was grieving??? really??? what were the family members of the victims doing, partying?? Disgusting to say the least. I pray for these people to find peace and hopefully some evidence so they can have closure to such a torturous situation.
Frankly, I thought that they were all dead after the third day. I haven't so much far-fetchedness in my life. Don't even get me started on psychics and black holes.
What withholding of information!!!!! No one has any real information. If they say something they are criticized of giving false non credible information. If they don't say any thing they are accused of holding information.
What is this "final decision" that has you so upset? There are thousands of trained people looking for this plane and zero evidence that even ONE of them is "withholding of information". 'Loon' is certainly well-named.
yet another messed up thing they are saying, the hussein acting transport minister guy from malaysia, just got done saying he cannot confirm if the flight had wooden pallets on it, so he cannot confirm if the pallets they see in the water are from that flight... ok i get he wouldn't be able to identify a wooden pallet from the flight between any other wooden pallet, but how can you not even know if there were any wooden pallets on the flight 20 days after this all began? it sickens me.
YEA,!!! THE PALLETS JUST FELL FROM THE SKY,!!!STUPID, WHERE DO YOU THINK THE PALLETS CAME FROM,!!! NO WONDER THE PLANE DISSAPPEARD" TO GET AWAY FROM THESE ,"MORONS",!!!LOL!!!
james... you do realize they have pallets on ships in shipping containers which go overboard in rough weather pretty much every day right?
If you believe what the Malaysian government said yesterday, you are a sheep. They all of a sudden, due to evidence procured through a new method, declare that the plane has sunk in the Indian Ocean? I am sorry, but the odds of the plane crashing and remaining in one piece is extremely unlikely, and that is the only way that the entire plane would completely sink to the bottom. If it crashed, it is almost 100% likely that parts of the plane including pieces of the wing and body, as well as chair and even bodies, would eventually rise to the top. Remember, plane parts are not 100% dense, they are designed to be light weight. Also, think about when the flight attendants give the safety speech before every flight, specifically in the event we crash into a body of water, the plane is designed to float!!! I for one am open to any possibility except this one, everything from it being hijacked by terrorists, to aliens, to sabotage, to it being shot down (maybe it held government documents that Malaysians wanted destroyed and this was a set-up), to anything.
Actually the plane is not designed to float in any way. The cushion under your seat is designed to float, but that's only if it can get out of the plane. Also the plane could be floating all over the place in pieces and we could still have a really hard time finding it in the middle of the Indian ocean. I keep hearing about he great safety record of the 777, but several have had small fires, engine stalls and icing issues that caused serious situations for the flights they occurred on, it would only take some bad luck for one of these issues to take a flight down.
Here's an idea, why not find the wreckage, or whole plane, and then analyze the black box? Wouldn't that be the best way to 100% know what happened on that flight? Lets focus more on find the plane, than speculating.
ENOUGH ALREADY. Stop with all the theories and conjecture. These people are driving the families and the world insane with statements that are yet to be proven true. First it was ...one of the stolen passports was used by a black man, yep that worked. Then more than two passports were stolen...yep that worked too. Then they were all over the place with who did what. Whatever transpired there are a LOT of dead people with families...give these people a break. Wait till you find the plane, pieces of it and/or the black boxes. Until then just THINK before you speak!
Think before they speak, Maureen? This is Yahoo, where BNP, EDL and the rest roam!
They might want to stop talking to the media and families until they have concrete information. Anything less is unintentionally cruel and insensitive towards the families.
You are correct. I think since there is no real answer yet the airline may need to save face and shift the blame to maybe mechanical, electrical, or something on board to cause the plane to have problems to take away the liability. At this point it may be the airplane makers problem. Or something a outsourced mechanic did wrong. Or the batteries on board may have caught fire. who knows but there is not clear answer yet. Hell they dont even know for sure whre the plane is. Until the pull up the wreckage they wont know.
warnings 1 american planes are not quality anymore since they witchhunt their top chinese american scientists & mathematic starting 2decades ago - that plane got a big tear on the body 2 stay farfar away from stupid inept evil small countries like malaysia, jepen, phillippine, vietnam, indonesia, mexico, somalia, nigeria ... malaysia should repair the tear first - not fly with the tear and jepen should not be allowed any form of nuke - they kill the pacific ocean already - there should be no nuke on earth quake islands & jeps lie, hide, pretend ... about the whole thing - they'll kill earth - these "countries" go extinct or world go extinct
All conjecture, nobody knows what went on in that airplane, this is all an attempt to whitewash the pilots and Malaysia airlines. Unless an explosion occurred in the electronics racks, there is no reason to cut off transponders, pingers and radios etc, especially after the last transmission, "all right ,all okay". Let 's face it 239 passengers and a crew are dead and a commandpilot would have headed for the nearest airport or Perth if nothing else instead of flying into a place where there was nothing but a watery grave. Airplanes do not fall apart without some communication (see Air France off North Africa) especially if they keep flying for another 5 hours. So quit supposing and face facts, something sinister happened that wasted a lot of lives.
My brain is frozen about the missing Flight MH370! I thought very hard to find out the reason that makes the Jetliner disappear! Many assumptions are given, but nothing is clear. No witness because the jet took off while people's sleeping on Earth!!! It's not mystery, but the Jetliner is missing with intention. Hope I'm wrong!
So. How come the two that had stolen passports and were citizens of iran have been ignored. Why dont we just admit it. The aircraft was stolen. No one has found any wreckage in the ocean. So they cannot say it crashed there. They turned off the transponders so no one would know where they were taking the plane. They could have shadowed another aircraft so they would not be detected through other airspace. And if terrorist have taken the plane then given terrorist past disregard for human life i doubt the passengers or even the pilots will ever be seen alive again. So no one could trace them back to the plane.
the pilot is such an expert he can shadow another airplane....James Bond stuff for sure.
Unless I see the real SAME plane wreckage, the plane landed somewhere! They are not going to find the black box because none happened! they did on purpose go down to south Indian ocean where hard to find the plane, release some of the wooden pallets and use some of old malaysian wreckage to make it seems like a real crashed! From the story I have read, no way the plane or someone can did all the stuff or the plane flew by itself for that period of time, I am telling you, it's landed somewhere, and gonna be used for something big!
I sort of agree Frank. Unless the debris/wreckage/whatever is actually 100%confirmed as being from the missing plane then I will continue to believe it landed somewhere.
Believe in your own BS. The plane crashed. Everybody's dead. No big bad terrorist is gonna get you. The End.
Fire in the cargo area ( oil derek worker sees plane on fire in the sky near MH370 flight track) pilots turn plane around and take plane down to 12000 to clear smoke and breathe and land plane somewhere smoke or damage from fire damages acars and beacon and prevents pilots from gaining full control of plane autopilot takes over and resumes previous flight to Beijing but has no reference because of damage from fire and returns to altitude and some kind of heading keeps plane in level flight as fuel is burned and wings become unevenly weighted plane turns to follow tracks suggested no one survives fire and smoke and return to altitude and the plane flies itself till out of fuel.
Why so dead set on suicide. Pilots are some of the most respectable people around charged with the lives on many people. Why not believe there was an accident and that the pilots did everything in their power to save the people in their charge.
Here you go Notthathungry, have a couple periods. Take as many as you need. ..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
“The pilots did everything possible to save the plane (by diverting it to the remote location in the Indian ocean where we are ASSUMING it went down, but have no proof at all) – written by airlines lawyers They flew AWAY from civilization, because that part of the Indian ocean is softer and they wouldn’t have to worry about a ship being in their way during the water landing? Next statement "The airlines and Malay government did EVERTHING possible to assure a safe flight (minus the 2 Muslim terrorists who boarded with stolen passports) - Lawyers for Airlines and Malay politicans
After reading how the Inmarsat people came to the conclusion that this plane ended up south west of Australia I feel much more confident in there conclusions. The unanswered questions involve HOW that airplane came to be going that direction to begin with. That information is confusing to say the least: 1. The Radar data from the Malaysian and the Thais would indicate a flight path that would have taken the plane towards Madagascar a thousand miles west of where Inmarsat says it ended up. 2. In order for the plane to end up where it supposedly did at least one and perhaps two course changes to the south would be necessary. How did the plane change direction. 3. If the plane really did reduce altitude to 12000 feet there is simply no way it would have had sufficient fuel to reach the south indian ocean (fuel usage would increase by about 40 percent at that altitude). So if it really got that far south the plane needed to climb back to an altitude that was closer to its normal cruising altitude. The plane didnt do that on its own. If there was some sort of decompression problem it seems totally unlikely that the pilots would come down and then go back up again. 4. This plane had two 406 Mhz ELT transponders that are suppose to go off if it crashes into the sea and broadcast a signal that can be picked up by one 16 satellites that circle the earth. Could there really be a failure of BOTH units? Lots of really strange questions and that doesnt even begin to address how you could have had a failure that took out the planes transponder its ACARS system its ADS-B system and all its radios but still left it able to stay in the air change altitudes change course for 5 more hours?
Smart question. You are right. Fishy facts are still sold to the public.
It sounds like a fancy heist, which will mean the pilots were not in on it. Who was important enough on the plane that Chinese government instantly could declare there was nothing strange about who was on the plane from their side.
You must be the news correspondent working with inside information that we have all been waiting for! Never mind that the USA sent ships right to that area a week ago because US satellite info showed the plane crashing there. Never mind British satellite info confirming this. Never mind that no one has taken any credit for the terrorist act. Never mind that it would take Aliens hundreds of years in space to get here, find us, and abduct the plane. Never mind that no unidentified airliner would be allowed to enter US airspace without a military challenge before it was over the mainland. Yep. It was bad guys.
yes the ELT's are the problem with the crash story so far....
No one is mentioning anything about communications. Why no call to report something wrong either by cell or from the radio on the airliner?
TimS are you really this stupid in real life or only PRETEND to be on the internet? Where did I ever utter the word Terrorist in my post. Actually the British Inmarsat info is not new. They had this information on the SECOND DAY after this crash and contrary to your statement I suspect that the Info THEY had then CONFIRMED the decision of US Intelligence rather than the other way around. MY post simply outlined the un answered questions about WHY this plane went that direction to begin with. I didnt blame anyone I didnt attribute it to anyone I jus t stated where the questions are un answered.
Just to add my bit to this (and other) tragic events we have been unfortunate to have had to sit through. It seems that for the sake of popularity ratings and sponsors endorsements the news gatherers seem to overlook a few important parts of journalism; that is (in cases such as MH-370) to report facts. A fact of course being a piece of information that can be verified as true. The media from top to bottom ought to finally be chastised for more than two weeks of leading the world audience in directions with no honest basis. To have sighted some wreckage, yes; to speculate what it is, no. To report that the pilots were experienced, yup; to report that they had a hand in the intentional taking of lives including their own, nope. In a court of law the bombardment of mindless chatter would have been thrown out with the bathwater before the first morning sip of coffee.
We have this incident, some knonw facts, lots of missing info, it's been two weeks and we still don't know what happened. We have the boston marathon bombing, happened on our own soil with easy access to incident. 3 bombs went off we were told, then it was corrected to 2 bombs went off. A fire at a library was assumed to have been a bomb. It was only blocks from the bombs. It took days to find attackers with hundereds of video and camera shots used. We have the twin towers getting hit by airplanes. The president recalls seeing the first tower hit on video that day, when that video hadn't been shown yet. We respond, but not against any country that participated in the plane attack. We attack a country that played no role in 9\11, and just about every reason for the invasion and the expectations for the invasion proved out to be wrong. We have an embassy attacked thousands of miles from here, and two days after the attack cons are screaming about a scandal because all the details were obvious to everyone. Why is benghazi so different?
So once again, trying to get the "scoop", the mass media has it completely wrong. With the lack of information that was available, the media was able to pretty much make up it's own stories. Also, shame on the Malaysian government being so quick to say foul play, when they obviously didn't know what the facts were. This is one of the major downfalls to mass media and our need for instant results and information, it causes more problems than it helps.
You are correct Justin -but then again I guess it sells in the paper and on the boob tube.
justin m ... Why the vendetta for the "mass media?" Did you comprehend this story when you read it? Or, are you and the other media bashers just convinced that the media will lie no matter what? This story very clearly indicates that the Malaysian authorities were responsible for releasing all of the false assumptions, information and conclusions to the "mass media," who inturn turn reported the only information that they were given by the official sources, the Malaysian (authorities?) to you, me and everybody else. I do thank you though, because in blaming the media for the inaccuracies in this story, you must include the world wide media and not just the AP and Reuters, as is usually the case. My advice to you and all of the other media bashers out there ... It's not the truth that you should fear, it's that one who tells you what you should believe."
they didnt actually insist that there was foul play involved. they only said it was a possibility;
@PixMan... Yeah, I am convinced the media will lie, at least in an attempt to be the first to tell the story. What I believe justin m is thinking of is the Nancy Grace types who will insinuate lots of things in order to make you scared enough to watch, in fear of imaginary stolen jets bombarding a city near you.
This article is poorly written, and smacks of the author trying to sound cheeky rather than portray a helpful scenario readers could follow. Boo for this guy for being more impressed with his quasi literary "cuteness" (not) than to stay serious as he describes an emotional and sad situation.
I don't believe they have found wreckage. You have to question rather harshly why so man conflicting versions of what happened. With 13 high tech Chinese spy satelittes and those of the USA and Russia, Britain and France looking for this plane and unable to find it for more than 2 weeks, there is MUCH more to this story. a LOT more than what they are telling us. Who or whatever took over this aircraft has technology that is way beyound what we know. Not the first time an airliner just "vanished" into thin air with no true wreckage ever found. This has happended on both sea and land over many decades and is very underreported.
Those French pilots crashed the plane for flight 447. A person with no flying experience could have just sat there and held the stick flat and waited for the captain to come back would have done a better job than the co-pilots in the flight deck at the time. It will be months, years before we find out what happened. It just seems odd to me that a catastrophic failure of this magnitude could occur on a modern Boeing 777, but who knows.
What is even more amazing is that they haven't grounded all 777's until they have conclusive proof.
More irresponsible reporting. This is nothing more than speculation. Just like the rest of the theories that's been going around. I never directly blamed the pilots. We just don't know. But maybe we would know if the pilots would have used the SAT phones that are on these planes to let somebody know of a problem. They had hours of flight time to do so. Maybe they could'nt because they were incapacitated in some way. Such as some group taking over the aircraft. See, all speculation. To say they were trying to save the plane is just more rhetoric. Plus they say MAY have been trying to save the plane. Until we find debris in the southern Indian Ocean that links it to the plane, there is still the possibility it's somewhere else. BTW, it would be no problem for them to fly "under the radar". This article leads you to believe a large, heavy plane could'nt do so. It can. Heavier bombers are able to do it, so can a passenger plane.
Good point, but if you have your hands full trying to control a plane in trouble or a gun to your head then a SAT won't do you any good. Right?
If it wasn't the pilots fault then who turned off the transponders, a menihune?
The first line of the article says it all. "Have the Malaysians finally stopped trashing the pilots?" The Malaysians were investigating the pilots. The media trashed the pilots.
Following this accident I can think of two improvements to prevent the aircraft from being lost: 1) as soon as an aircraft disappears from secondary radar, while still being in range, primary radar should kick in to locate the aircraft by tagging the blip nearest the location where its transponder signal was lost. 2) equip all airliners with a GPS tracking device that is in no way controllable from the flight deck, and has its own power supply. Being employed in aerospace myself, I know these measures are feasible and should not cost that much
@Michael, how about a couple of satellite phones on board the aircraft. In the cockpit, flight attendant stations. If a complete mechanical failure. Satellite phone would help.
Fine except--and no one radio'd? That part is too suspicious for me, still. And what about the captain's flight simulator at his home having files showing he was practicing landing that bird on a remote island in the Indian Ocean? I don't think that the fact that this plane has allegedly crashed means that the pilots were heros or necessarily innocent. I am sure the plane did change altitute, tho what the true details are, who knows--did it or didn't it go up to 45,000? I still say--so if there was a fire, not ONE person on that plane sent a text or tried to make a call, while it was flipping going up and down and all over? Not ONE of the officers could get out even one little teeny mayday or whatever they do? too wierd.
Lets assume the above article is essentially correct. Some difficulty in operation occurred. Why no radio communication during the approximately five hours after the initial presentation of failure. If the pilots were indeed in control of the aircraft, why choose a course to nowhere instead of closest available safe landing. Perhaps the loss of this aircraft and of those aboard is indeed the result of a series of tragic accidents but the lack of communication is in my mind most strange.
Rapid decompression would overtake the pilots before they knew there was a problem. hypoxia could explain both the decent and confusing maneuvers.
Rapid decompression would prevent the plane from turning, lowering altitude, and then flying on a straight course for hours.
If for some reason you had a slow smouldering fire on-board, toxic gases could easily be released. Many of these gases have no smell. Perhaps by the time the crew realized that they were being poisoned, it was too late. They took action to turn back towards land, but... The golfer Payne Stewart and others died while their plane flew hundreds of miles on auto-pilot. Unusual, certainly, but not impossible.
Kris there is a very well documented case of a rapid decompression happening on an airliner that flew around erratically for hours, it was flying in circles and altitude changes, before it finally ran out of fuel and crashed into a hillside in Greece.
Kris... you are straight up wrong. cabin de-pressurization would prevent none of those things. The plane doesn't need Oxygen to function, just the people on it.
Yep...how eerie. Everyone died during the "event" and then the plane flew 5-6 hours on autopilot until it ran out of gas. Not one phone call or text made. (9/11 victims were very active on their phones.) Something bad happened quite quickly. I hope no one suffered.
I'd lean toward the Helios situation except for the loss of transponder which sounds like an electrical (fire) issue. First thing to do in an unidentified smoke situation is pull the main circuit which includes radio and the transponder.
If this plane got to 12000 feet and everybody gone, was not on autilot and a plane this size could not fly by itself at this altitude without burning massive fuel fast and probably crashing much earlier.
That, David, is what I wish we had more info on. Not that we are entitled but I just don't understand how they've calculated this crash area when there are seemingly so many variables to consider. i.e. amount of fuel to burn at that low altitude is huge. Also, I wish someone would explain to me why other radars don't have info on it flying this southern route. Are there no radars over any of that area?
M seems as though radar form Australia only bet given the geographical, but still if all died from something in plane once off computer flight this could not fly itself.
How fast all change their story-almost as if they believe the News they condemn. have watched this phenomena for over 2 weeks now. Every ten minutes CNN broadcasts, another 1,000 'experts' are born.
"The loss of transponders and communications makes perfect sense in a fire. And there most likely was an electrical fire. In the case of a fire, the first response is to pull the main busses and restore circuits one by one until you have isolated the bad one. If they pulled the busses, the plane would go silent. It probably was a serious event and the flight crew was occupied with controlling the plane and trying to fight the fire. Aviate, navigate, and lastly, communicate is the mantra in such situations."
enema, every seat in first class had a satelite phone. I imagine many of the passengers did as well. This part of the world is extremely humid and not well suited for radio tower communications.
malaysian and usa is coving this up, they want to make the pilot a hero- look at his muslim background and relative, this is a radicalized terrorist
Islam rears its ugly head again.
The writer of this article has got to be a hipster. Everything is different that what the facts tell. Stupid article. The plane was able to fly for hours but not one call from pilots????????????? Idiot!!!!!!!!!!!!
@karen: The writer of this post has got to be a troll. There are precious few 'facts" and they tell wildly conflicting stories. A plane full of dead people can fly for hours on autopilot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Idiot!!!!!!!!!!!
mine too (most strange is lack of communication from early on)
I think it could have been an electrical fire in the cockpit, which might have resulted from a potentially larger problem. That explains why they shut off the transponder -- it's a part of the electrical system, and everything feeding the fire would need to be shut off. It's also possible that the fire could have killed most of the electrical systems. The pilots would have resorted to manual control, in an attempt to find the nearest landing site. They may have miscalculated their bearing, ending up in the middle of the Indian Ocean as opposed to wherever they were trying to get. As for no cell use, it's very common to not have any cell service in an aircraft.
Yet they continue to fly for several hours in a straight line? They would have had to be pretty poor pilots to not realize they were that far off course.
Give me a break. Your story doesn’t match the FACTS we do know. No one buys your story Malaysian government. Here are the facts we know so far. 1. The plane disappeared near it’s maximum distance from both the Malaysian air-traffic radars and the Vietnamese radar who were about to pick up the plane. 2. The plane turned OFF it’s transponder and did a U turn. 3. The plane increased altitude (the high is speculation due to distance from both countries radars), then later dived low below radar. 4. Flew across a seldom travelled corridor of northern Malaysia, and despite low altitude where picked up by the Thai military as an unidentified aircraft. 5. Then they are SPECULATED to have flown for nearly 8 more hours to a “remote part of the Indian ocean” and crashed, with no evidence provided of the crash cause “it’s too remote”. Which is what the Malaysian government is trying to sell in their “we must ASSUME the plane crashed”, scenario. The only thing I can assume from those FACTS, for sure, is that whoever was flying the plane was NOT #$%$ everything he could to save the plane. Unless you can sell me that he was trying to find an emergency landing strip on Antarctica and ran out of fuel trying to reach Little America. So spare us your propaganda, or at least come up with a story that makes sense and fits the other info you’ve got.
Change the story to make people feel good. Hard to unsay words already spoken.
I'm sorry, I'm just not buying it. It's too "clean", too simple. There's still unanswered questions, like why did the pilots' family move out of their home the day BEFORE this flight? Why were his "training" scenarios on his flight demonstrator erased? Why disable the aircraft's transponders and tracking equipment if they were going to ditch the plane in the Indian Ocean? What's the story with the two Iranians who each stole a passport to get on this flight? None of their story adds up. Frankly, I think this plane was hijacked, the pilots were in on it, and the plane is sitting in a remote field somewhere in the hands of terrorists. Thanks to curvature of the earth (line of sight), the pilots could have easily avoided radar detection by flying lower altitudes to their destination. I think we're witnessing a government that wants this event to end because they're tired of being raked over the coals by a global media demanding answers.
Any theory is speculation. The media should be ashamed of pumping up the story until there is a story to tell.
Lies, lies and more lies. To bad whoever is making up this deception doesn't know anything about aircraft...The range of a 777-200 is about 5,800 miles...If it flew 54 minutes North before it dropped off the radar screen at 12,000 feet and tghen flew for 8 more hours is a lie. When you drop down to 12,000 feet the fuel burn is 40% greater the at say 35,000 feet. There is no way in hell it could have flown more then another 3000 miles at 12,000 feet. Just enough to get to Diego Garcia.... You can lie to the average Joe, but facts are facts. Will the real reason ever come out?
Indeed. I believe this was the real-world, aeronautic version of "The Hunt for Red October." There was someone on the plane or something in the cargo that some government did not want landing in China, so the plane was hijacked and the public led to believe it went elsewhere and crashed. It may well have been trashed/crashed by now to support the "official" conclusion that the plane went down in the Indian Ocean, but the real question is where did it go in the first 24 hours after take off? The list of countries that have the resources to pull something like this off is small.
Conspiracy theories are fun, however, Occam's Razor dictates that the most likely scenario is the one with the fewest assumptions.
I feel they had to make something up so they can give a ending to this whole tragic ordeal. Also a good way for them to call off the search to save on fuel costs. What a shame
@ ValhallaBass.... If it flew 54 minutes north at 500 miles per hour, it flew just under 500 miles before making the left turn. If it then flew another 7 (not 8) hours at 500 miles per hour, it flew an additional 3500 miles. even at lower altitude (and we don't know the details of altitude yet), you still had 1800 miles, give or take.
Ok I do not know much about planes but if they needed to get to the ground and were only an hour into the flight. Why would you fly away from the airport you left for 8 hrs and not just turn back around and fly to the strip you just left?
The CIA/NSA/MI6-types want everyone to buy into the "Occam's Razor" assumption; it makes it easier for them to obtain closure on their mischief, most of which can be denied in some plausible fashion.
Good thing you have your tinfoil hat so that the CIA/NSA/MI6 types can't control your thoughts and make you believe their stories.
I use copper, not tinfoil. . . . Let me know when a verifiable piece of wreckage from this plane is found.
My guess is when it is, you'll still cling to your conspiracy theories as they are so much more convenient and easy to believe. The world is a big place, wreckage will be found. This entire ordeal reminds me of TWA Flight 800 and all the conspiracies surrounding it. People want instant answers instead of letting investigations take their course and allowing the truth to surface.
Your theories are no more verifiable than the theory of it crashing.
Of course; that's the whole idea/purpose behind the "plausible deniability" of "black ops" and why the spy/hijacking theory is as believable at this point as the "official," Malaysian theory that the plane, for whatever reason, veered so far off course as to run out of fuel and sink in the Roaring '40's in a manner that evaded radar and satellite detection. There are so many novel assumptions built into the British satellite company's conclusion as to the plane's crash site that "Occam's Razor" probably would rule that out, too. If some evidence of a crash in that location turns up, I'll believe it for what it is---evidence that the plane ended up out there somewhere. If, by some miracle, something else turns up (black box, ROV pictures of the plane 10,000 feet on the bottom that show the probably cause of the crash, etc.), I'll abandon the "Red October" ideas.
What exactly would be the logic or reason behind a "black ops" situation? And if it were hijacked, any terrorist organization would be egotistical enough to brag about it and claim responsibility, as they so very often do. I won't completely rule any of these so-called "theories", however, they are very low on my list of probable causes.
To pull something or someone of value off the plane without the world finding out that the person or thing has been stolen. I agree this probably isn't a "terrorist" act, given the absence of PR blurbs claiming responsibility. Ordinarily, I wouldn't consider this a black-op exercise, but the oddball flight of the plane, avoiding radar and satellite detection, had to be consciously directed. If the pilots did it just to "commit suicide," why the elaborate run-around?---Just crash to plane after takeoff and "make a statement" that way. If the pilots weren't driving the bus, who was---which, if not a bunch of terrorists, leads to the organized, black-op conclusion. I suppose in five years, some ROV camera will find it 10,000 on the bottom of the Indian Ocean, but the dead men will be unable to tell us the tale. . . .
It sure makes you think when you find out the cargo was a bunch of lithium batteries. We know those are a problem in flight for whatever reason. I hope they find the black box. I don't know why you would fly 7 hours over the open ocean only to kill yourself. That makes no sense. Maybe they had a fire, were unable to control the plane and lost communications, and the plane just went the direction that led them out there.
Your theory is stupid.... The poor family has been investigated and they found 0 evidence that this man was suicidal!
What about lightening striking the plane? Don't know don't pretend to know.
@---... The black box only records for two hours at a time, then erases and starts over. when they do find it, they will only hear silence because everyone on board was dead by the 5th hour.
I was referring to the voice recorder, not the data recorder.
Nothing but more speculation & this article = used toilet paper.
Can you think of a way to find the plane without the speculations?
Yes, try finding the facts according to sattelite recording, dopler recording to track flight path & you go from there to look for the hey stack.
As of right now we still have no idea what happened to that plane. Until there is debris found from the plane I don't want to hear or read about any speculation!
I am pretty sure it is the AMERICAN media making this whole story a fiasco. If you watch coverage anywhere else in the world, they are reporting on OUR speculations and not fixating on this single event 24 hours a day. This is just Yahoo news (and its subsidiaries or vise versa) just trying to cover their own asses for blowing things way out of proportion. But of course, it is easier to tap into the xenophobic mass and place sole blame on Malaysian officials who will never get a chance to provide their voice or explain their reasoning.
It's hard to conceptualize any non experienced B777 pilot switching off TXP & ACARS, turning, descending, and steering the airplane in an evasive flight profile towards the middle of a remote ocean WITHOUT attempting to communicate ...if there was a mechanical fault, or hijacker interference. Furthermore, it's impractical reality to suggest that 5 radios (3 VHFs & 2 HFs) would all be unusable even just to key the push-button microphone multiple times to alert air traffic control. What fits this bizarre flight profile is a suicidal pilot who had locked out the pilot to do his evil deed. Program the autopilot to keep on motoring, then switch off the air conditioning/pressurization packs and leisurely asphyxiate along with the rest of the occupants. Upon fuel exhaustion and splashdown, everyone will have long been dead.
There are much easier ways to kill oneself. Number one being just fly downward, but if he's such a great guy, why would he use s method that takes over 200 innocent people with him?
...because he wanted to go down with a bang, just as people who snap, come off the rails, and shoot innocent victims at schools and Post Offices. Why fly "downward" in an adrenaline filled terror when you can snuff yourself out peacefully in a gentle, gradual hypoxia, cover your tracks and keep investigators guessing.
Why the #$%$ would he go through all that trouble when he just has to push the yolk forward and go into a steep descent. Shut up you jack off, you're just as idiotic as these reporters claiming aliens.
That just doesn't add up GlueBall. All you have to do to kill yourself from hypoxia is to park your running car in an enclosed area or stuff your tailpipe.
Glueball, while the proposal you made seems improbable, it does fit the facts and is probably the most likely give the information we have. Obviously something very unlikely and unusual happened.
I think your right GlueBall, Someone would have fought for their life to disarm the terrorists...but the diabolical outcome was planned beforehand...All those unsuspecting, innocent people.".Breaks My Heart"..I CAN'T IMAGINE what the families are going thru..but my Prayersare for courageous Hearts and supportive communities to come to their aid..So Sad
All those who are doubting GlueBall's Pilot Suicide theory just look at the EgyptAir Flt 990 and Royal Air Maroc Flt 630.
Pilot suicide has happened before, I don't know why people are acting like you are from another planet for suggesting this. At this point, there is no evidence to refute this theory. I agree, pilot suicide would best explain this. Possibly he did it the ay he did so it could never be proved a suicide and have a hijacking remain a possibility. This way his family could go on thinking he was good guy.
I think more reasonable people left the possibility open that this was not a sinister act, but the media are mostly not those reasonable people. More fault, though, lies on the shoulders of the Malaysians who for some reason political, tourism, etc. wanted to paint this as an isolated case of a whacko rather than a larger terrorist act or really rather than an eye opener to the horrible state of their planes, as this will surely open up a whole investigation of their service records and whether they are fit to fly.
I've never seen so much stupidity as I have in most of these comments.
This article shows how the press has created mass hysteria by using the terms, switched off, disabled, and explains how all of other things that were done, were made to look like this is some type of criminal conspiracy. Yahoo articles are loaded, on a daily basis with this type of cra*py journalism. This could have been criminal, probably not, the actions are more consistent with the plane having some type of short, or fire and/or loss of pressure. What do you do if all of a sudden there is a loss of pressure and/or a fire? Call to let someone know where you are? Or set the direction of the plane toward the nearest runway, deal with the problem, then communicate hopefully if you save the aircraft. There is only ten minutes of o2 if the plane looses pressure and it must drop altitude. If there was smoke in the cabin from a fire they all may have passed out and the plane continued till it crashed, without fuel, no explosion, no scattered pieces, all passengers seat belted at the bottom of the ocean..Nobody is claiming any terrorism. No cell phones were ringing, if they were, the location of the phones would be known by the cell tower tracking. The best possible conspiracy might be that this is a hoax set up to measure the degree of or lack of common sense and abundance of gullibility, paranoia and absurd creative imagination people have. Ok conspiracy theorists, go ahead and blast me with all of the non evidence of an intentional act, if you can pull yourselves away from the ongoing chem trail investigation.
Finally, a common sense response. What is it with all of these so-called adults who are so enamored with conspiracy stories? Grow up people--not every disaster is connected to Muslims; the media jumps right into the fear factor and goads these nitwits to come up with all sorts of bologna. This story is the best explanation of a story that so far has none, yet people cling to their movie ideas of a "situation." Just pathetic.
Events like this do provide a tool for making decisions as to whether or not you should do business with someone. My old measurement sticks for rejection based on intelligence and common sense were anyone who thoughts O.J. didn't do it, a plane never crashed into the pentagon on 911, and of course the ongoing chem trails are being sprayed into the sky. I have been verbally attacked by these conspiracy theorists about this jet situation. As you can't argue with them with a common sense argument, I can only say that I would love to hear that the jet was hijacked and that the passengers are hostages alive. Show me.
One possible reason, and I'm just speculating is: Most modern aricraft use "glass" or electronic cockpits. If something happened to that, they would lose navigation and communications (the control heads for the radios are wired through the cockpit electronics), but would not lose the non-avionics systems: Throttle, rudder, etc. They would lose computer assistance, making it harder to control, but still flyable. If it was not an instant shutdown of everything, but a cascading failure, it could explain the difference in time between voice and transponder shuut downs. Without computer navigation, they would have to best guess where they are. You would, maybe, climb high to see if you could spot land, and then drop back down and turn toward it. If you saw a false landline, maybe you turn the wrong way... Just a thought.
Basic design of 777 and all modern airliners tries to keep jet engines going no matter what else happens to the plane, so there could be a catastrophe in the cockpit and the plane could still keep flying.
Amazing how we start rumors and speculations when in reality no one has an idea of what happened. For all we know, this could have been a tragic accident, or a sinister act of terrorism. Until we really know , we are all fueling the rumors. Lets wait until we recover or find the plane to comment. We are all a bunch of ignorant idiots
Ok, let's wait. This will be boring but ok.
I believe the Pilots were Heroes, I still feel something sinister about the two fake passports. I feel the pilots took actions like climb the aircraft to 45000 or close to that altitude to asphyxiate/kill the hijackers threatening the aircraft. The Captain was most likely faced with a fact of having his plane taken over and jet crashed into a target and hurt/kill others or set the course of the jet on a safe path to no where and asphyxiate everyone on board and have the autopilot level out at 12,000 on a course to no where. A path that the pilot knew that if does crash it wouldn't harm anyone. If the plane is depressurized the human body blood will begin to boil at 42,000 feet. Every pilot knows this and I think the pilots ascended to kill the hijackers and if anyone survived the autopilot would level the plane off at 12000 feet to allow them to recover. They are Heroes
Check the facts; the cockpit and passenger sections of an aircraft are pressurized to maintain an air pressure of below 8000 ft. at all times, so flying to 45,000 ft. wouldn't harm the pilot/crew or the passengers since the air pressure inside the plane wouldn't change. Unless, of course, there was damage to the plane or the passenger section was deliberately depressurized. If there were terrorist hijackers aboard then some of them were quite probably in the cabin with the pilot, so I doubt he would've gotten away with deliberately flying to 45000 ft. without being stopped by said terrorist. Then again, the whole point is that no one knows and everything is purely speculation at this point.
The last thing the media wants is a conclusion to this. Their ratings go up whenever they talk about it and so does their advertizing revenues.
I was an FAA air traffic controller for 23 years. I am also a licensed pilot with an Airline Transport Pilot certificate. Over those years there were many, many news reports about various incidents involving aviation. It was rare, very rare, for any of those news reports to be any where near accurate. It did not matter if it was CNN, FOX, The New York Times, etc. They all got it wrong and the public not knowing any better would accept it as fact. The news media, whether it be right wing or left wing, conservative or liberal, is nothing but a collection of entertainers that need ratings to stay in business. The facts and the truth about an event are practically irrelevant. Make up sensational fiction and people will watch and listen and believe.
I don't know anymore than anyone else about what happened to flight MH370. What I do know is that Airline official's always try to blame the Pilots, as if this lessens their responsibility. As a systems Engineer I can think of many system problems that could cause the pilots to react in a way that seems irrational. Everything reported about the Pilots was pure speculation. Think, who would benefit if the recorders were never found? I believe they were doing everything possible to save a disabled aircraft.
Yea JesseJE, if they were doing everything possible - it could have been done. Whatever happened to this plane had been planned. No one ever heard from the captain of this plane who was the responsible one. Only the co-pilot which in itself very suspicious. The co-pilot was the last voice heard so he was in control. This catastrophy had been very carefully planned out by someone, had to be. This plane did not self-destruct. Man was responsible. All this other crap the news and others talk about is nothing but fiction. There was plenty of time for someone to have put out some kind of signal if they had been free to do so.
Another scenario, was this plane checked out and where? Who worked on this plane mechanically? If something had been wrong- it would have shown up somewhere especially to have caused such a drastic change in it's direction. Communications would not have been completely impossible if this plane was as up to date with it's equipment as should have been. Change in the extreme direction had to be done by someone in the cockpit or either manually or pre-programed on the ground.
Complete electrical failure with surge frying electronic equipment. Loss of steering ability. Using engines to direct flight path, loss of left engine, sharp left turn. on and on. Like you, I'm speculating. We could keep this going for a very long time, but I don't see the point.I guess everyone loves a good mystery.
Well said, and about time. There is past experience with a charter / corporate jet flying across much of the United States until the fuel tanks ran dry. The crew had been incapacitated by a pressurization problem. Military jets were scrambled and reported that the cockpit windows were obscured with frost. We may never know what happened to MH370. Why go straight for the dirt? Replace the MH flight with any European or North American airline and the speculation takes a much more conservative approach. How about an experienced professional crew, on a well maintained aircraft, on a routine transcontinental flight, one hour out from departure, at or about reaching the initial cruise altitude, a catastrophic mechanical event occurred, attempts were made to reroute towards safety, afterwards the aircraft already in level flight trim, continued along the last course selected until fuel starvation, the resulting crash was not witnessed due to the remote location. Many experienced professional air, land, and sea crews have spent nearly three weeks searching for survivors and or wreckage, so far with little if any success. Information transmitted from the aircraft's engine monitoring system was used to narrow the search area. Many governments have assisted the search efforts with satellite imagery depicting possible debris locations. Let's continue our prayers for all of the families involved in the accident and those assisting in finding the aircraft.
In order for my speculation to take a "much more conservative approach" it would require an solid explanation of WHY this particular co-pilot's personal flight simulator was found at his home with recently deleted simulated flight records.
That was the plane golfer Payne Stewart was on.
It wasn't the co pilot who had a sim, it was the captain. Many of us have sims, it doesn't mean a thing. And get your facts straight, they said files were deleted, not specifically which ones. Why doesn't everyone just fantasize about this some more?!!!
Justsaying…. It was the pilots computer simulator at his home. He posted several Youtube videos of the sim. He is reported to have shared his enthusiasm for flight with many of his friend through the use of the sim. So far I don't see anything wrong with deleting a last flight or even all previous flights on my home sim. Why would you keep them? Seems to me to be much ado about nothing.
A pressurization problem would NOT switch off transponder and ACARS.
And sorry, just for the record I too was knee deep in all the conspiracy stuff too. A little time pasted and I can't find any basis for most of what we got from the American media about MH370. After all this is the same media that gave us Obama and think the his Obamacare is all good. Let's focus on what the media agenda really is. The 'story' sells stuff. And a stuffy story sells more stuff.
Article makes no sense and is all over the map. And btw the first story has no relation to the other plane story, I just don't get it. Also, if I'm not mistaken, they didn't know when the plane was reprogrammed. No one knows what happened. As far as the "changing course to nearest landing strip" claim, that sounds bizarre to me, it headed for open ocean and flew for an extended period of time. There was no attempt to turn back to land, no attempt to send a mayday, nothing. This is also the first I've heard of tracking equipment being disabled, so please find me another plane crash story in which that happened spontaneously and I'll believe it's an accident. If I'm certain of anything, it's that we're not going to be told the truth, in the end. Then journalists will stop investigating or reporting and will follow the next shiny object they see, and that will be the end of this.
On August 15, 1976, a Vickers 785D Viscount operated by the airline SAETA took off from Quito, Ecuador en route to Cuenca. Flight 232 never made it. Searchers never found any sign of the plane, its crew of four, or any of the 55 passengers. On July 19, 1962, a plane carrying four young men home from a Billy Graham crusade left from Fresno, California headed to Sacramento. The wreckage was suspected to have gone down in Yosemite National Park, but the park covers over 761,000 acres and the plane was not found March 1957, Boeing C-97C-35-BO Stratofreighter disappeared over the Pacific Ocean, 320km SE of Tokyo, Japan en route from Travis Air Force Base, Fairfield, California; Missing: 10 crew; 57 passengers. No evidence of plane parts nor passengers ever discovered. 15 Mar 1962, Lockheed Constellation L-1049H, over the Pacific Ocean 1200 km W of Hawaii en route from Wake Island Airfield to Hickam Air Force Base, Honolulu; neither plane, crew or passengers ever located. On 28 March 1964, a C-54A disappeared over the Pacific (about 1120 km west of San Francisco—last reported position: 29.33°N 135.00°W) on an executive passenger flight from Honolulu International Airport, Hawaii to Los Angeles International Airport, California. Nothing more was heard from the aircraft, nor was any trace of it found despite an extensive search. On 25 May 2003 a Boeing 727-223, registered N844AA, was stolen from Quatro de Fevereiro Airport, Luanda, Angola. Its disappearance prompted a worldwide search by the FBI and the CIA. Early reports in July 2003 noted a possible sighting of the missing plane in Conakry, Guinea, but have since been conclusively disproven by the US Department of State. When the aircraft started taxiing down the runway, the control tower tried to make contact, but there was no response, and the tracking transponder was turned off. None of the pilots, navigator, nor anyone aboard has been seen or heard from since.
You guys are so stupid. Bob is trying to tell you that Santa Claus is behind all this. Gees you people are dense!
I see this post popping up up a lot. Not sure if you're the one that keep posting it, but other than the 2003 incident, none of the others remotely compare to this. The rest are at least 38 years old. The advances in technology in that time makes those a poor comparison. Not to mention the size differences of the aircraft. The 2003 incident could be a fair comparison, although the 727 is smaller and the lives of 239 passengers & crew were not at stake.
Try coming up with a scenario that fits the data and FACTS we know so far, that fit their current story. The plane turned off its transponder, did a U turn, changed altitude and then flew low over northern Malaysia, west. Not to avoid radar, but because there was a mechanical failure that caused these altitude and direction changes. Then after flying into the Indian ocean, turned Southwest to reach this “remote location” were they ASSUME it crashed nearly 8 hours later (but have no proof still offered). 1. Pilots were unconscious after the altitude/direction change and it was on auto pilot, flying low WEST. Then to get to their “speculated” crash location either. A. The pilot briefly regained consciousness just long enough to change the autopilot to fly to the most remote direction away from civilization, before traveling the next 7 hours. B. After flying at low altitude and being picked up by the Thai military flying west, they developed a 2nd “mechanical problem” that made the plane change directions and the autopilot couldn’t correct for this failure, but then after a while figured out how to fly straight with that malfunction, to a new heading, in a “remote part of the Indian ocean”. Sorry, not buying it. Especially their story about how they now believe the pilots did "everything the could to save the plane". Ei.. everything the Airlines lawyers are saying they should script to reduce damages and payouts.
Everyone notices the same mo rons who thumb me down, don't ATTEMPT to come up with any believable argument to explain away these FACTS. So thumbing me down and running away is the same as saying "I have NOTHING, but am angry that you are RIGHT. Thanks for your drooling thumbs downs.
So the co-pilot said "good night," after the plane redirected its path nearly 150 degrees and now these pilots tried to save the plane. How many scenarios is the Malaysian government going to come up with? Why don't they just ask each family member (victims) of this disaster to come to them and get stabbed directly in the heart by them. This is what they are doing to them. Most incompetent agency in the planet. I thought our Government was bad until this.
Secure R. : ever consider analysing Boeing's problems? Air France ?
Soooo the plan crashed at night and there was no auto air rafts? So there was no Moon that night help the pilot to determine if they were flying over water? Why the pilots had muslim names? And the passengers were asians? Was this a planned terrorist attack warning? Did he purposely shut down all communications? How did the plan cras ? Was it straight diving mode into the ocean or on top then started sinking? How long it took to start sinking? Where the doors jammed? We need All the Pyschic in the world to Help.
Malaysia did not trash pilots. Nor did they trash anyone - why should it? It is part of investigation that everyone is checked, including the pilot and his flight simulator. Why would anyone want "to trash" when there is no proof on what really happened until the black box is found? This is a very sad time for everyone, everyone is mourning. Please don't stir any anger or animosity with this kind of report and headings just to garner readership. What we need is compassion at this time. In the meantime search and research operations and investigations are on-going and may take years ( case in point Air France).
If the authorities/airline execs, with the help of media dipsh^*s such as this one can sell this theory/line of BS, they will immediately be faced with paying a whole let less in restitution to the families if it were not directly related to "airline personnel".
This by far is the stupidest article I have ever read in my life.
Nah, the one about Khloe Kartrashian's ugly bare-midriff outfit last week was surely more stupid.
To all those complaining about incorrect or conflicting information, the alternate is no information at all. The 'authorities' released a lot of information AS they got it. They didn't know what happened either & were trying to figure it out. If you want to rip them for the confusion, maybe you should just wait 2 years for the final NTSB report.
That's what I wrote few days ago : "My educated guess is that a mechanical problem occurred after the goodbye good nite message . Most probably a fire or smoke broke somewhere in or around the cockpit which eventually caused the disconnection of electrical wirings.Then the pilot / copilot attempted to return to Kuala lampur or somewhere near but maybe because of suffocation from smoke , they were dead . Eventually the plane continued flying on auto pilot as there was no one to flight it . This may explain why no messages from the pilot and the length of flight ! "
Have you seen the time line? It would make this scenario impossible. The plane took off at 12:41am, reached a cruising altitude of 35,000 feet at 1:01am and six minutes later, at 1:07 a.m., the Malaysian authorities say, the plane sent its last ACARS message, which reported nothing amiss.
How does it explain the communications being turned off manually.. at different intervals? While suffocating they turned off one.. then about 20 minutes still suffocating, not making any contact they decided to manually turn off the other just before dying?
They probably turned it off before dying to avoid a catastrophic accident ... again its only an assumption
This fire scenario is juts a smokescreen!! And the other guff is hot air!! And the rest are Red Herrings!!
This sure feels like a distraction. It is just one jetliner. I wonder what is REALLY going on?
The article reminds me of an incident in the States a while back. A professional golfer was flying in a private jet. Fumes of some type killed the entire occupants of the plane. It flew on autopilot until it ran out of gas and fell from the sky. This could have been a fire incident. Pilot turns plane back and drops altitude. Fumes overcome everyone and the plane continues to fly until it exhausts it fuel supply. No malice. Just bad luck.
That was Payne Stewart and his entoutage back in '99. There were no fumes, it was a lack of oxygen supply due to what is believed to be cabin depressurization once they were at altitude that killed them. That type plane (Learjet something or another) was known to have this oxygen problem. May God rest their souls. Payne was a good man.
Sorry but it has not just been the Malaysians that have "trashed" the pilots. In fact it has been every major news source around the globe, including the American news sources. Yes, that includes you Yahoo. We still don't know what happened and we should not be speculating, especially when that speculation leads to blame. I would imagine the speculation that the pilots intentionally crashed the airplane has significantly hurt the families.
Its all speculation! I would hate to think there is a cover up but again that would not surprise me. However if anyone had survived this crash the politics and backward government in Malaysia has killed them with not knowing how to handle this. The focus from day one should have been to find this plane and the poor souls on board THEN speculate on what actually happened. When 239 lives are in your hands the government 1st priority should have been them, yet it was there image they were more worried about. Almost like being an American image is everything, the caring for our own people is dead last.
The National Transportation Safety Board found that there was an unusually large consignment of lithium-ion batteries on the cargo manifest. Scientist and developer, Dr. Victor Ettel, stated: “The organic electrolyte in lithium-ion batteries decomposes at very high temperatures, generating very toxic fumes typically containing compounds of fluorine and arsenic. Regulation packaging would inhibit the potential of open fire and therefore enhance the probability of generating toxic gases and the chances of caustic smoke originating in the lower rear electronics bay would very quickly fill the cabin.
Allow me to be the devils advocate for a moment... I think we can agree that the pilots were compentant enough to take care of the plane, 18,000 hours is a great deal to just throw away. So the pilot was not in agreement with the government, neither am I but I don't go and do crazy things. The two fake passports, well that does happen all over the world everyday in many countries, I personally don't believe those two could have caused this by themselves as a terrorist act. Could the plane have had a malfunction, well yes anything is possible but to cut off all communication is absurd in my opinion. We keep hearing that the knobs were turned off manually, who is to say and who was there to see? What if they were turned off electronically by frequency of some sorts by satellite or something else? Generally only Governments and the military (subs) etc really know about the depths of the oceans. I'm not a crazy therorist but I do think outside of the box and look at senarios that are not publicized. It's a known fact that planes can be flown electronically and remotely, what if a country (possibly ours) used that plane as a test or diversion far far from our soil? I know it's far fetched to even think that, but what if? Realistically, there are no real facts as of yet. Why is a jumbo jet in one of the deepest parts of all the oceans? Simply put, if all communications were cut off remotely after the pilot did all the correct procedures and ok's, then death occured and the plane was flown by remote to it's final burial. What if this was planned and our subs or another country's subs already took care of the plane under water. What else on earth can go to those ocean depths, only subs! I just think it's ironic that the plane flew for hours and nobody knew about it. If a satellite or U2 spy plane can read a newspaper from the sky, it just doesn't make sense that any military never saw this happening. I personally don't think a true answer will ever come of this, it's too deep to recover the black boxes and they will never and I repeat never be found, much less anything more than some stuff that yield no clues floating around. How does someone (government) know if something works but by a real life scenario over one of the deepest parts of the world. By the time they find the needle in the haystack all clues will be diminished. I just don't believe the media and what they are told to tell us, especially from a foreign country that is not accustomed to telling lies and making things look good like our good ol US of A!
WHY AREN"T THE BLACK BOXES MADE TO ,"FLOAT"?,!!! DUH,!!! YA THINK?,!!!OR NO BRAIN,!!!?LOL!!!
I agree... They should be made to float!
Tried to save the plane from what ? No distress call, no black box, nothing to indicate what if anything was wrong, yet they tried to "save" it. I really wish I had a crystal ball like the experts do.
I am not buying into this story the pilots actually did things to save the plane and the passengers. If it was a problem with loss of pressure or smoke in the cabin why would the stuff in the plane that could track them be turned off? Why wasn't there any communications after the "Goodnight" with one word, MAYDAY? Nothing happened too fast for them to not even get one last transmission out over the radio. Now they are trying to put together a feel good story and try to make the pilots look like heroes. What happened so fast that nobody used their cell phones on board, nobody radioed they were in trouble and yet the plane flew for 6 or 7 hours longer before it most likely ran out of fuel. There is more to this story then I think Malaysia wants the world to know because they screwed everything up right from the get go.
Hey Joseph T. This is Pierre. I am an airline pilot and this is my theory. Insurance fraud by one of the pilots. He finds out he has terminal cancer, takes an insurance policy on his family, disables the other pilot, turns off the ACARS and Transponder and most likely the Voice and Data recorders, climbs to 45000 feet, depressurizes the cabin, all pax and crew die, fly for 6 hours over the worst possible place, the Indian ocean, does a control descent to the water, opens a door and lets the aircraft sink to the bottom. Suicide but un-provable. family gets the insurance money. Cheers
OMG, @Pierre, this is the only theory that makes any sense .. you should post this on CNN ..
And @Joseph, I agree with you .. I really do not want to believe any sinister theories about the pilots but, unfortunately, you are right .. there is no way, no matter how bad things got, that the pilot would not be able to send out SOS / Mayday or , I understand , there is some sort of text service, anything, any message of distress .. impossible to believe .. maybe cell service would not be available at that altitude but there must have been a "skyphone" with a swipe of a credit card someone could have made a call .. unless the service was disabled from the cockpit, as well ..
We still know nothing. The Formal Announcement was based on a compilation of computer data that was (supposedly) being sent from a plane that was in severe distress, operated by who?. Is the data even accurate? Computer data can be hacked and manipulated. All of this, imo, is in the realm of speculation, until that plane is found.
So so so much speculation. No one will know what happened to that plane until it is found. The problem being it will take a major miracle for that to happen. Until then no one will know anything. All that needs to be reported is that the plane is still missing, they are still searching, this is likely gone from a rescue to a recovery mission, and that they have no idea what happened. PERIOD!!!
They still haven't filled us in about the two people that boarded the plane with stolen passports, I'm thinking that if anybody did do something bad, it could have been those two as well as the co-pilot. Once the plane was at a cruising altitude, and if the pilot went back to take a break or to mingle, the co-pilot could have locked the door, while the other two could have handled the passengers. Any case, I'm praying for the families that lost loved one on that flight. And hope they get answers and have closure ASAP.
GOOD POINT! Maybe those guys are the ones that brought something extra in their baggage... like a mini IED or something.
Reminds me of the 2 idiots in Boston at the Marathon... they would do something like this.
Captain can't be locked out. There's a door code on the Airbus. Turn your tv off
They determined that the two men with stolen passports were more than likely defecting to another country. The younger man with the passport was supposed to be meeting his mother in Germany where he was planning to start a new life.
How many pilots do you know go out to mingle on the plane?
one of the passengers with the stolen passport had relatives waiting for the plane to arrive. I truly think this was a tragic accident and people are putting more in to it then there was. pilots go out and mingle after the jet gets to cruising altitudes. the captain usually is only in the cockpit at takeoff and landings.
As a pilot I have followed this story closely. At first I was at first convinced that foul play must have been the cause. However, now that the timeline has shifted around considerably I find the catastrophic electrical fire/malfunction followed by smoke/fumes and/or depressurization and subsequent incapacitate to be a viable alternative. Foul play is certainly still a possibility, but if the Aussies have in fact found the wreckage, why in the world would you fly there to crash the plane rather than somewhere closer and more spectacular.
Joe, do you know what it rakes to disable the ACARS/CPDLC on a triple 7?
Ronnie, a short circuit that potentially led (or was one element of a series of events) to a cascading of events that resulted in a catastrophic finale?
Joe what about my guess that its the windshield. they have blown out before could that be an explanation?
Why no distress call to traffic?
Ronnie, my guess would be catastrophic electrical fire in the electrical equipment bay. But to answer your question directly, no, I am not type rated in the 777 and have only general knowledge about that specific aircraft. The electrical fire/depressurization theory has other problems. If the crew and passengers were incapacitated, and the aircraft had a complete electrical failure, how did it fly a more or less straight path without an autopilot? Most airliners are quite stable, but that's a long way to go for even the most stable aircraft. Is the IMARSAT "pinging" on a different electrical bus than the ACARS? Does the 777 need electrical power to transfer fuel? In most airplanes most of the fuel can be transferred by gravity and motive flow turbopumps, but usually some is trapped without electrical power. I don't know the answers to those questions.
What is really so scary is if the terrorist have taken possession of this passenger aircraft they could in the future easily place weapons of mass destrection on it and then make another switch in the future with a passenger plane by switching transponder codes and then the switched armed one could just fly into America. I am sure our security force is considering this senario.
too many variables to really know anything for certain. the Malaysians are just grasping at straws to make up for their ignorance and the mishandling the whole situation. The cable news media as a whole is using the plane to ride the ratings wave . Too many professionals are speculating which on the flip side is unprofessional.
Where is the cargo list? Why hasn't that been made public? All we know about is the big shipment of lithium batteries . I would like to know the rest of the story. What else was in that cargo hole. Nobody is talking.
The plane was carrying lithium batteries. It's perfectly reasonable to think that this highly flammable cargo caused a fire and people on the flight died from the fumes. If the pilots tried to turn the plane towards the closest airport, it's because of an emergency. If they never were able to land, then it's logical to think the autopilot took over and eventually crashed because everyone died from the fumes.
I work in IT and can only have two stand alone or single lithium-ion batteries shipped to me per box, anymore than that and they are shipped separately. They have stated there was a "substantial" number in cargo of this flight so it is high on the list of possibilities.
They seem to be missing one key step that was not done...RADIO A MAYDAY!!! They are going to try to move the blame over to Boeing now to try to save their national airlines millions in lawsuits.
here's the thing...the Malaysian gov't reported that there have been no distress call. Don't know if this is true considering how inept they have been. Supposing that there was a distress call, but air traffic controllers in Kuala Lumpur have signed off for the day believing the Vietnam control tower will be taking over? Also, at the turn around point, supposedly they were in a "dead spot" in between the towers? Was this the last flight out of Malaysia that day??
Amazing, when they couldn't find the plane they couldn't wait to hang this on the pilots heads.
I have yet to hear a plausible theory that explains the sudden climb to 45,000 feet and then descent. I have yet to hear a plausible theory about why no mayday call was made or contact prior to turning the plane around. I would "guess" that if something happened requiring a return, one of the first things would be to air traffic that "we are heading back because of a problem." Then if there is a fire etc, turn stuff off to find the source.
Like the article mentioned a 777 with enough fuel to reach Beijing from Malaysia wouldn't be able to reach FL450 or about 13700m. I'm with Tim.
Can't make a mayday call if the radio has become disabled along with other systems. And as many postings have made clear, the plane was almost certainly out of cell phone range.
Trust NOTHING that comes from an Oriental Country when you are dealing with a situation that might embarrass them. The "Saving of Face" comes before all other considerations. Once you realize this and learn to "speak the code" you can sort of kind of figure things out but you will NEVER get to the bottom of it. Avoidance of responsibility when things go wrong is so built into the culture (especially when government is involved) that lying is as natural as breathing to these people when tragedy strikes. Just look at how Japan denied, denied, denied about their little Nuclear Mishap and then further lied and lied and lied about how far out the radiation zone went.
I instantly laughed when I saw "saving face". It defines the entire culture! You nailed it on the head.
Since when is the USA an oriental country then? Gentle reminder... Iraq invasion for Weapons of Mass Distraction for example.
The article, like all else at this time is pure speculation.
A whole lot of poppycock going on here.. There is just too much that does not compute. These pilots are Muslims, and being experienced international aviators, no doubt would know how to navigate even if their inertial navigation equipment had a total failure, which would be unlikely. Even an Eagle Boy Scout would or should know how to compute their general geographical location and all the pilots had to do would be,.to fly in the direction of the nearest land mass and find a suitable place to perform an emergency landing if in fact that they had something catastrophic occur to their acft.. There is no way that I can believe that experienced aviators would fly their acft deep into the Southern Indian Ocean just to commit suicide even if it was Jihad act. It is unlikely that any Muslim would commit suicide accept if it was in fact a Jihad act.. I suspect that this acft was commandeered for a future catastrophic attack on either an Israeli or United States Target. This acft is probably safely hidden is some remote location in the Middle East. I believe that this was a well planned event that has confused searchers on where it is located at present The only way that I will believe that this acft has perished in the Southern Indian Ocean is if they can find some debris that can be positively identified as coming from this acft. Then and only then could the authorities be satisfied that they don't have to be prepared and on the lookout for a well planned attack, most likely against Israel or the United States.. All Western Countries should keep a Jaundiced eye open and alert for a catastrophic attack by this acft. From the very beginning the data provided by Malaysia has been very scetchy wasting valuable time and resources looking for debris in the South China Sea when they knew from the start that this acft had diverted from its scheduled flight plan and had turned west. Smells very fishy too me.. A real bunch of whale dung here, and that is on the bottom of the ocean.
More or less my view too - the only bit I don't quite get is why they need to steal an acft form the sky to use as a weapon? Couldn;t they buy/build/steal one form the ground ... or deliver the payload some other way, like missiles etc?
The funny thing is that news agency is trying to confuse everyone, why?
This is a very poorly-written piece. The title, and the author's premise, apparently, is that the pilots of MH370 "tried to save" the aircraft and all its passengers. In support of this, the author offers no new evidence, but rather, offers his "take" on the "facts" as these have been reported and contested for two weeks. The writer's "perspective" is a mere re-telling of the Air France 447 crash of 2009, with some 20/20 hindsight in the form of specious "straw man" criticisms of that air crew's performance. The two cases are different, and totally unrelated. Frankly, I've read better-written and more thoroughly-thought-out conspiracy theories about hijackers and secret landings at Central Asian military bases in the Yahoo! "comments" strings. Clive Irving (sounds like a bad "pen name") should take a basic composition course from the English Department of the nearest Community College, fast.
Jesse Ventura will have the real story on this incident in a few months. A commercial airliner that can go stealth with a single turn of a #$%$ in the cockpit, which, doesn't instantly send an automated distress/equipment failure signal to ground personnel. What...is it too soon to make light of the situation? I can see Chuck Norris finding a dozen or so survivors in Vietnam, and, storming in with them during the next press conference.
Is this an attempt to limit liability?
I had a hard time following this article and I read it twice. What does traduced mean?
googling it would have taken less time than posting asking someone else to explain it to you. It means to speak badly about someone and damage their reputation. It implies that there's lying involved.
i suppose it mean "bad-mouthed" or "ripped."
WHAT? T.V. news report made no real since saying it had crashed but then saying they would know for sure after they could retrieve what they THINK is from the plane ? That so far nothing has been retrieved because of weather and high sea's. I'm confused ! I will try to watch evening news but if anyone has heard that items have for sure been retrieved and they know for sure I'd love to hear from you.I'm confused or I'v missed the latest report ? WOW I MUST HAVE MISSED SOMETHING ? a UPDATE OR SOMETHING ? Also whoever wrote this article sounds more crazy than I do ? I think ? I'm CONFUSED ! DID I MISS SOMETHING ? The writer is either on drugs or NEEDS SOME !!!!
The real question here is: what are you on?
If all else fails make something up and stick to your story. That's what is happening right now because of pressure from the victim's families and lawyers. They don't have a clue what happened.
Malaysia has nothing to cover up. The airplane left Malaysia airspace and was handed off to Vietnam. Then all hell broke out. Malaysia has an excellent flight record and has no reason to cover up. The news networks and newspapers are the only ones throwing out these scenarios without confirmation from government sources. The Chinese do not know how to act as they are not allowed to fly outside Asia in great numbers. This is why you are seeing backlash from China. China displayed numerous photos with debris in the ocean. Why do this if you do not believe the airplane crashed at sea. Also other countries military are not willing to comment for security reasons. If the Brits were to share there proof with China and others he technology would be stolen by others. Just let this international investigation be completed and soon we will find out the real truths.
I know that the vast majority of armchair detectives keep coming up with why there was not a distress call made. And it is strange. But you have two issues here that must be explored. The first of course is if there was an electrical fire one of the crew would have been pulling every breaker in front of him, especially if the smoke was poring out of the breaker panel. This is where you lost your communications and anything dealing with electronics. Thus no distress call. Second is why the crew did not don O2 masks immediately...... could there have been a problem with this system ?? Most aircraft losses tend to be an accumulation of pilot errors and or mechanical. Point A had to happen before C or D. It accumulates in a series, if one were taken away the aircraft and passengers could have been saved. You have one crew member pulling breakers trying to stop the origin of the smoke and the other literally fighting for his life and his passengers at the controls. Every second could mean life or death, do you waste these seconds on the radio even if communication is possible or do you fly that airplane...........
the acars system was shut down long before the transponder was turned off. so much for your theory.
all said is possibly true-so then why didn't plane crash near Malaysia? I want to buy your theory-I fly fairly often-sooner believe mech. failure. yet so many more questions arise from mechanical failure then do from someone-maybe not even pilot-flying that plane.
Given the terrorist potential from Islamic Muslim fanatics and the captains notable association with an Islamic fanatic, this article hardly trumps those concerns but actually makes them more plausible given the smarmy, incomplete and begging way alternatives are presented. Try as this guy might Islam's devotees could very well have had a hand in this plane's loss.
Major aircraft accidents are often a first-time-ever situation. If they find the A/C the Transponder switch will be in the ON position. There are Fire Sensors in the engine compartments, APU area, cabin, galleys, and cargo areas, and there are Fire Warning Lights in the cockpit for every one of those sensors. Airlines have Fire Sensors in inventory because they fail sometimes and need to be replaced. There are high time pilots that have seen Fire Warning Lights but did not have a fire, panic, or immediately abort flight; they troubleshoot to make sure it can be isolated to a bad reading from a sensor. They likely had a Fire Warning Light, and the experienced Pilot had seen a Fire Warning Light before and told the Co-Pilot to take communications while he isolates the problem. Then the Pilot feared it is really a fire and moved into crisis troubleshooting mode by starting to pull circuit breakers on all non-essential flight systems to see if a live wire from any system could be shorting out against something and causing the fire. He also likely activated the switches to discharge all the fire bottles in all the cargo areas, and made some immediate decisions that included: taking the chance of burning up and crashing in the ocean and killing everyone, or temporarily climb to maximum altitude (45,000 feet) to depressurize and try to starve the fire of oxygen (only two choices). They were not trying to kill the passengers and likely had a lot going on while they began turning the A/C back in a general direction of an airport and making the following announcements to prepare and protect the passengers and remaining crew as much as possible: Flight Attendants, immediately clear all lavatories and wake all passengers. Passenger, immediately stow all lose items under a seat or in an overhead bin! Flight attendants, immediately clear all seatback trays and stow all galley carts. Passengers, immediately return all seatback trays to the upright and locked position and put on and tighten your seatbelts! Flight Attendants, immediately re-demonstrate all oxygen mask procedures! Passengers, prepare to use your oxygen masks and assist anyone sitting beside you that needs help! After these activities took a little time, the Pilot then began climbing to maximum altitude, and put on his oxygen masks too. There was likely extreme chaos and panic while they climbed to max altitude, depressurized and stayed there temporarily while flight attendants might have used portable oxygen bottles and masks to walk through the cabin to try to help any passenger that needs help. Knowing oxygen supplies are only good for about 20 minutes, the Pilot then likely descended so they could get natural air flow through the A/C and possibly see someplace to land because he had all his circuit breakers pulled and was trying to continue in visual flight mode. Unfortunately the crew was likely overcome with smoke or lack of oxygen and the A/C flew on with all the non-essential circuit breakers still pulled, including the Transponder and SatCom. The A/C was not on autopilot and the constant use of fuel steadily lightened the A/C and caused it to steadily climbed while it meandered aimlessly until it ran out of fuel.
Obviously you know a little something about planes, thank you for your thoughts. It is very interesting. Who knows, you may be right.
When is your book coming out? I bet it will be a doozy
i only doubt your guess because there wold have to be an emergency declaration in there as well as some message to maintenance. that hey just had said good night a few min before means it had to be more sudden than your scenario
The Malayasin government is being even more irresponsible than the media by coming up with new thoeries every day. Either way ignorance or outright lie is no excuse. By the way, the plane flew 7 hours under 12,000 feetwith no ground contact and the Malaysian government is telling the world that the pilot tried saving the plane??? Flying under 12,000 feet is more like avoiding radar detection
And more air time for speculation on what happened or didn't happen. Do we even know for sure the plane is at the bottom of the ocean or ? This is a horrible tragedy and until they retrieve the black box and analyze the contents, we will have more 24/7 airtime of blathering, speculative narrative to fill the time. That until something major happens with the Kardashians, then the focus will shift. **SMH**
So far, nobody knows anything. Let us stop with the guessing. Let us stop with the "I'm a hero and know it all" bs folks rushing to the cameras. I suspect that the real truth shall come ONLY from the yap of Herr Obama, ruler of all.
This whole thing has been botched since the airplane took off. Most are blaming Malaysia, and rightly (or wrongly) so. They are only reporting what "experts", from all over the world are telling them. There has been SO much conflicting, inaccurate, untimely and misleading information released, it is mind boggling.The Malaysian Government should have had a PRIVATE meeting with relatives prior to releasing anything to the public == (News Media) ! This whole episode has produced more conspiracy theories than the DAMN JFK assassination !!!
That is the most ludicrous theory I have heard about what happened to the plane thus far.
Instead of hourly updates based on assumptions, and theories. How about write something when facts present themselves.
MALAYSIA AIRLINES & GOVT, HAVE SCREWED THIS UP ROYALLY AND SHOW US THAT THEY ARE A BANANA REPUBLIC.
What an idiotic article. While I don't agree with drawing premature conclusions on what the pilots may or may not have been thinking, to make the assumption they were definitely trying to save the plane is just as ridiculous as stating as fact that they were up to no good. "it would not have (turning off the transponder) made it invisible to the radar coverage of the area, civilian and military" So what?! Turning it off makes the place harder to find - why would you want to do that? And the we all know just how well the civilian and military radar coverage was that night.
Meaning that the transponder mechanically failed due to a fire or explosion.
TedW - This theory is as good or better than lots of the others. I am quite annoyed with so many of the talking heads that condemn the pilot and co-pilot without a shred of evidence or even talk about "black holes" and "alien abduction" with seeming seriousness.
Annie, I agree, besides, no one claimed to be responsible. It is obvious that the plane will never be found. At least this article may help the families of victims to go back to their lives mourning for lost loved ones. My prayers are with the families of those lost lives.
It's pathetic that the media want this SO BAD to be terrorism. A malfunction and crash just isn't "sexy" enough. Even without including Katrina, Mother Nature has killed three times as many people in the U.S. as 9/11 since then, but natural disasters just aren't sexy, and the media keep focusing on terrorism.
There was an article on facebook called Autopia, in which an airline pilot suggested all of the above reasons why the pilots would change the course and descend from their altitude. He mentioned the actions that any trained and seasoned pilot will do in case of a fire onboard the aircraft, such as trying to find an airport with a long enough runway to land the plane
@Jim. Anyone, even pilots post there.
total nonsense! just trying to make a story. what about the shoe bomb given to a Malaysian pilot by the terrorist in the present nyc trial? whom did he give it to? which pilot? what happened to it? has the fbi followed up on that at all? no! does the fbi ever get off its ass? no! see pre911 for proof of that. the government's witnessed testified he gave one of his two shoe bombs to a Malaysian pilot. all a shoe bomb does is blow a hole in the plane's skin and the plane cannot stay up. that is probably why they lost altitude. you want to write a story, then do some real research. you 'fairy tale' ending isn't supported as to why it was taken thousands of miles out to see.
so sad...the Capt and his First Officer has been disparaged, tore apart, tainted by releasing information that had not been verified , all they are scenarios. I hope they find the black box to finally set the story straight as to what happened to the flight. Moral of story - before opening your mouth and giving opinions be careful , the media had a field day on this one.
I don't believe any of this propaganda. Unfortunately I think we're going to learn the true story of what happened to this plane when it's far too late to do anything about it.
This airline is in deep dodo. Blaming the aircraft manufacturer is their only out. If this aircraft had any of the problems mentioned in the article and stayed at 12000 ft it would not have flown for six more hours. Someone took the aircraft back to altitude to get that type of range.
In deep doodoo or inside a deep Dodo bird?
The plane took off. The plane lost contact for whatever reason. It has not been seen or heard from since. These are the facts of the case, and they are undisputed. Anything beyond that is just guessing, which is what the "news" outlets have been doing a lot of.
You people live in fear. You're so easily manipulated by those who claim they want to protect you.
More baseless speculation. Nothing to read here.
Te airline is liable for 125K per passenger, that story makes no sense.
until some real evidence surfaces in this, I'm not buying anything these speculative articles are selling. This story has had more twists and turns then some of the greatest mystery novels.
It will make a good movie
I'm sure Hollywood is already fast at work on the script.
Truth has far exceeded limits of Fiction over last 40 years-I put nothing off the table.
What about the 3 Star General on Fox news that kept saying the plane was in Pakistan. Is his information still not true? He seemed very adamant about his claim. And being a 3 star general he should of had have some good informants. I still find his claim to be very interesting and possibly true?????????? He said the 7 77 mocked another flight that was flying into Pakistan , like flying right below the other plane to avoid detection. He also said the United States had search planes that could fly for 32 hours, where were they, he said in Afghanistan searching air stripes in Pakistan . The reason no one was lying claim to the high jacking was the plot was finished. The 777 would be loaded with chemicals of mass destruction and used probably in Israel . Israel had raised their terror alert to High and has put their armies on standby. It all made sense to me. I would like to see if he has changed his mind, Now. ??
Only dopes like you quote Fox News.
It was Fox News. They produce better fiction than Jane Austen ever wrote. Shame on you for even tuning in, llet alone believing!
@Sportster then what happened to all the passengers? I am assuming you meant the plot isn't finished
its in pakistan and has bin since day one ffs end of
So Pakistan couldn't just buy plane?
Right, forgot, all shoeless poverty stricken goat people-morons.
They want to push their agendas on you instead of stating real factual evidence instead of just 'theories'. ALL of the media stations did this. Instead of asking "was is the percentage this could have been a mechanical failure based on historical air disasters and the flight path", they asked "so you're not ruling out terrorism". Of course they have to answer they aren't ruling it out because nothing has been ruled out, however they didn't focus on interviewing the right people they just want to push topics of "pre-screening pilots" and "terrorism in Pakistan" because it gives them something to talk about. The pilots are probably heroes trying to do what they are taught to save the lives of their passengers but instead the media is trashing their names for the sake of entertainment. Its RIDICULOUS they weren't interviewing pilots about their thought process, but rather grilling everyone turning this into a circus...
So you had experts over here, experts over there, talking on this show, that show panels, panels of experts in terrorism. Most suggesting that the pilots did something nefarious or something sinister took place. Tow the news media is saying Wellllll..... maybe they were just trying to save the plane. What is so Wrong with saying we may not know, until we do know there are lots of other stories that the people need to concern themselves with that is effecting their lives right now. .
How did you accidentally hit the T key instead of the N key?
I am sick at the moment
I know Odelius. I am that rare individual who actually turned off all the news stations until this stupidity stops. I did it with the Trevon Martin story. as well as the Jodi Arias story. When ever I feel like the news networks are trying to make the news instead of reporting on it I tune out and pick up a book or ride my bike
One thing that doesn't get much play in the press, but should, is the fact that Malaysia Airlines is owned by the country of Malaysia. The same country that will be liable in the event of lawsuits. They may very well be grasping at straws in the hopes of putting out some theory of the crash that lets them off the hook -- much as France did with the Air France Concorde crash.
Until there is the black box recovered, we have no idea what happened inside or to the plane. Including where it traveled to.
And all the armchair pilots who were spewing their worthless opinions as this tragedy went on are unapologetic in their ignorance. Everyone had their uninformed opinion about this and felt the need to inflict them on those of us who were thinking - lets wait for the facts.
Neocons like Rep. Mike Rogers and Rep. Mike McCaul as well as authoritarians like Sen. Dianne Feinsten spouted the speculation that the plane was downed as a result of nefarious terrorism. Those who actually had a clue, like former Pilot Chesley Sullenberger, said it was probably a catastrophic mechanical failure or some type spontaneous malfunction. Who would you believe? An idiotic politician or a heroic pilot with decades of experience on commercial aircraft?
If there were problems with the plane why didn't the pilots radio that? There are too many missing facts here that we will probably never know.
Admit it--we don't know #$%$ about what happened and not much more about where the plane when down and even less about why and probably never will unless the black boxes are found!
The article made its points, but I hate the way it was written. It criticized previous stories for the spin they put on the facts, all while adding its own spin. I wish news just reported facts and left it at that.
How could anyone believe anything that has been written or stated on the news. Sometimes its ok to say we just dont know. Just about every scenario has been played out and now you want us to honor the pilots for trying to save the plane and doing a great job. Because we know this to be true (100%?) Please. Nobody has any clue of what happened up there. The story has changed hundreds of times already. Im getting off the ride. I will just continue to pray for the families of the lost and hope they can find closure somehow.
You're the first and only post that correctly stated, "its okay to say we don't know." Too bad Obama hasn't learned that lesson with his daily propaganda attempts to pretend he knows what he doesn't know.
yes george well said except the pray part. if the plane went down then it proves god didn't listen to any ones prayers.or it could be that there is no such thing as god. now thats more likely . and you D. Is that d for dumb? this is 2 things you blame on obama. and both are typical right wing delusions
I know the risks are nearly non existent in relation to take off - landings and accidents. I never consider the plane going down as I pre board. And knowing the minimum probability of mechanical failure happening during all series of flight operation - one would tend to think pilot error, or terrorist involvement, if something happens on the highly advanced, modern day airliner.
I still believe that flight MH-370 went down right after the transponder turned off. All the other facts that have slowly been announce don't make common sense. And why do pilots have the right and authority to turn off transponders while in a flight situation? This must change, all transponders must be on during flights.
no....I think some kind of GPS system needs to be installed on board for tracking...much like in cars.
the truth is that only the pilots on that plane, knew what was happening, either by choice or fate.
So let's see the transponders were turned off. There was no communications with anyone. That the plane was in trouble. OK who else thinks this story smells like a skunk?
We'll have to wait till they find the recorders, hopefully, and use them to figure out what happened with the crew and the airplane. For sure, B777 it's a hell of an excellent airplane and the crew seems to be trained to international standards. Meanwhile, almost any guessing will be fine to sell newspapers.
Any kind of sudden, catastrophic emergency (e.g, rapid decompression, fire, etc.), just does not make any sense to me since the plane continued flying and stayed on course (albeit a different one), without crashing, for 6+ hrs. until it ran out of fuel. If there had been such a catastrophic event, I'm pretty damn sure the plane would have crashed at or very near the point of said event and not fly itself thousands of miles away over a remote and isolated area of the southern Indian Ocean. Co-pilot/pilot suicide, and a plane flying on autopilot on an obscure preprogrammed course, still makes the most sense to me with the ltd. info we have.
Read about Payne Stewart the pro golfer. His plane lost pressure and flew until it ran out of gas.
It provides the simplest and most likely cause. Change of direction first, towards Lankawi (nearest airport). Rapid climb and then drop in altitude, which succeeded in putting out flames, Then back on autopilot before oxygen supply failure. No oxygen leads to almost instant death of crew and passengers, but autopilot keps plane flying until it ran out of fuel.
@Bill, no mayday call? That's the sticking point that really bothers me. If the pilot can bring the plane up to 45,000ft and make the turn to nearest airport, why not notify someone? Wouldn't the co-pilot make a distress call to notify nearest airport of need for emergent landing?
Julie never know if they were both in the cockpit when stuff went down. One could have ran to the bathroom.
@JulieS wouldn't they shut anything electrical down if there was a fire which would mean they wouldn't have contact or maybe they just didn't have time to make contact.
I wouldn't shut off communication w/o making a 3-5 second distress call. If it was as sudden as you suggest than how could manual maneuvers be completed? Clearly, no one has any idea but I can't imagine cutting off communication before sending a distress call in an emergency. How would they be rescued???
Besides no "mayday," which bothers me, there's still controversy about the transponder. Almost since the beginning, they've said the transponder and ACARS were both systematically shut down about 20 minutes apart and shortly after the last voice communication from the co-pilot. Then, a couple days ago, Malaysia said the transponder was NOT intentionally shut down. ???? We don't really know which is true (maybe never will). BUT, there are simple, international, 4-digit codes that pilots are trained to enter into the transponder so that ground controllers know what's going on --- One is for a hijacking-type situation; another for something like a fire on-board; and another for the most serious of situations that the pilot believes will result in imminent death and loss of the plane. SO, if there was a dire emergency and the crew DID intentionally shut down the transponder, the captain (esp. with his long experience), would have and should have taken 2 seconds and entered the 4-digit emergency code before shutting it down even if, for some reason, he had lost radio/voice communication with the ground.
It probably was a serious event and the flight crew was occupied with controlling the plane and trying to fight the fire. Aviate, navigate, and lastly, communicate is the mantra in such situations. And the 20 minutes was a time frame, they didn't know if it occurred before or after - the media spun it that way.
For those who were lost and for those that mourn them by deepest prayers and condolences. But lets face it this whole thing has been reported as a BAD FICTION fiction novel with a new plot twist every day!!
Maybe sabotage. Some switch set as a trigger the pilot would routinely use at some point or even just an altimeter trigger on a small bomb.
Nice sarcasm. Not a situation for it
Whoever believes that headline malarkey? The Malaysian spin machine has already kicked into high gear. Who shut off the transponder? Why?
Does anyone know the percentage of jets/planes that radio for help or send a distress signal before crashing? Do most crash without calling for help? Or do most let someone on the ground know that they are in trouble before they crash?
My comments for 10 days defended pilots; I can no longer do that. Only thing that makes sense is highly competent person at least controlled that plane until well on its way to final resting place.
Oh, I think it's in Southern Indian Ocean, just don't buy how it got there.
Cocky report. Where were you when the Malaysian authorities were winging these absurd allegations around prior to admitting they were probably wrong. Nobody likes a smartazz.
Amazing, they haven't even found the plane but now know what the pilots were doing. Some people are just so smart.
Something caused that plane to decompress. Only reason for the sudden drop to 12,000 would be to stabilize. You need to get close to 10,000 to being to breath after a decompression. They probably passed out and they had said that plane (777) is designed to basically fly itself to keep it in the air. Could have been toxic fumes. No one was at controls as that plane headed toward the Antarctic. It will be solved when they find the black box. It will be found. Just will take time like the Air France crash. IMO it does not add up to suicide by pilot or hijacking or they would have found some type of proof.
Sudden drop couild also have been an attempt to put out flames - esp as it was following a steep climb. Classic manoevre to try to extinguish flames.
maybe they were arguing about how to create a temp. zero G environment.....
I do agree that the pilot suicide and hijacking theory do not add up. But if the plane was flying itself why did it turn around to fly west and cut back across southern Thailand and THEN start going south towards nothing?
they have about two more weeks before the battery dies in the black box. if they dont find it by then, the mystery will never be solved. even if they find it, if it's 23,000 feet deep on the sea floor, that in itself will prove to be a challenge to recover. personally, i doubt they will locate it let alone recover it.
Did Thai radar spot multiple blips as 370 flew over remote North Malaysia? What happened to early reports of possible several parachute exits may have taken place? Malaysia not telling all.
What's missing from the sinister plot theory is a motive: why would a pilot destroy his plane and the lives of everyone aboard? This doesn't seem like a case of Muslim terrorism to me. It could be a malfunction as the article stated.
This is such a pile of #$%$. Until they find debris that can unmistakeably be connected with the aircraft they have nothing. This story sounds like a cover up. The pilots deliberately shut down the tracking system, and communications, the plane went into a controlled turn towards India then suddenly now the pilots were saving the plane and as of yet unrecovered debris are telling them it went down hundreds of miles south of where it was tracked by the military based on some satellite signal that didn't work until now.
This reasoning is flawed. We know it's unlikely to be catastropic failure because the plane kept on flying. If it was just a problem with the airplanes systems pilots would have radioed for help. They had control of airplane since they were able to change course. So why did our "hero" pilots fly the plane into the middle of the ocean far away from land instead of somewhere they can be safe or saved?
Initially I defended the pilots and their country; to do so any longer is nonsense. To end this chapter of aviation on stated premise is even more nonsense.
You know in a situation like this the media should never be given details until they confirm the location of the plane. Why make the relatives suffer because of speculation. The media puts in there own words and just makes things worst.
Speculation, speculation, no body know what has happened on that aircraft. One would have thought that if the pilot was trying to save the airplane he would have flown in areas where the plane if landed in water could be recovered with little effort. He would have taken the plane at a lower altitude and flew around until it was able to use up the excess fuel then try to take it down into the water near some country, not out in no man's land or water, so to speak. Do not condemn the Malaysia government too soon, there are still many unanswered questions which cannot be explained before they find the black box.!!!!!!!
If the pilot lost electronics and was forced to fly without satellite guidance he could have been in seriously tough circumstances. Without a fix on one's location flying in a purposeful direction in the ocean is impossible. Without land features the pilots could have been within a hundred miles of land and could easily never have known.
Speculations speculations! Its perfectly reasonable to condemn them. Theyve been trying to make it seem as if one of the pilots had something sinister to do with the plane. From the very beginning. They should've been sticking to the facts instead of speculating like you. The writer only stated facts or countering the speculations to prove his point.
Where is the debris? We still have no physical evidence of anything or ant kind. Media spin is worthless conjecture and very suspicious at best.
"The Pilots Tried to Save MH370" ... Whiskey Tango Foxtrot??? What a false and misleading headline. There's absolutely no indication that the pilots tried to save anything and plenty of indication that they caused this. The article only describes the reporter's contempt for Malaysia. Warranted or not, that contempt does NOT translate to pilots trying to save the aircraft. Fact: The transponder stopped transmitting. Fact: The ACARS stopped transmitting the maintenance bursts. Fact: Radar and DF from Satellite reception shows the plane turned. Fact: Radar and DF from Satellite reception shows the plane continued in flight AFTER the transponder and ACARS stopped transmitting. Fact: The pilots never radio'd for help, assistance, directions, or anything. Fact: Periodic pings from the ACARS continued for hours after the transponder stopped and the ACARS stopped its maintenance bursts. Not only do these facts point to pilot complicity, they almost leave that as the ONLY conclusion.
These "facts" point to the pilots doing all the right things during a crisis of this sort. Are you a pilot? Are you even THINKING the way a pilot would in this situation? NO, because the media has trained you to come up with crazy conspiracies instead of focusing on something reasonable. They didn't interview pilots asking "what is the % of this being a mechanical failure due to historical data on flight paths and crashes", instead - even 3 weeks into the investigation - they're asking "so this could be an act of terrorism", which should've been dropped as an assumption after week 1. They just wanted to push their agendas on the public so they can talk about issues like "pre-screening pilots" or "the plane is probably in Pakistan because they harbor terrorists". "The pilot did all the right things. He was confronted by some major event onboard that made him make an immediate turn to the closest, safest airport. The loss of transponders and communications makes perfect sense in a fire. And there most likely was an electrical fire. In the case of a fire, the first response is to pull the main busses and restore circuits one by one until you have isolated the bad one. If they pulled the busses, the plane would go silent. It probably was a serious event and the flight crew was occupied with controlling the plane and trying to fight the fire. AVIATE, NAVIGATE, and lastly, COMMUNICATE is the mantra in such situations. There are two types of fires. An electrical fire might not be as fast and furious, and there may or may not be incapacitating smoke. However there is the possibility, given the timeline, that there was an overheat on one of the front landing gear tires, it blew on takeoff and started slowly burning. Yes, this happens with underinflated tires. Remember: Heavy plane, hot night, sea level, long-run takeoff. There was a well known accident in Nigeria of a DC8 that had a landing gear fire on takeoff. Once going, a tire fire would produce horrific, incapacitating smoke. Yes, pilots have access to oxygen masks, but this is a no-no with fire.
"Also- The left turn is the key here. Zaharie Ahmad Shah was a very experienced senior captain with 18,000 hours of flight time. Pilots were drilled to know what is the closest airport of safe harbor while in cruise. Airports behind, airports abeam, and airports ahead. If something happens, they don’t want to be thinking about what they are going to do–they want to already know what they are going to do. If pilots see that left turn with a direct heading, they will instinctively know he was heading for an airport. He was taking a direct route to Palau Langkawi, a 13,000-foot airstrip with an approach over water and no obstacles. The captain did not turn back to Kuala Lampur because he knew he had 8,000-foot ridges to cross. He knew the terrain was friendlier toward Langkawi, which also was closer.
@LaJo. Yes. I was a pilot. I flew until I was well into my 30's. I'm over 50 now. My data is a little out of date. But, my knowledge and experience are still with me. “The pilot did all the right things”. No. There were tons of ways for those pilots to communicate their emergency or need for assistance. There are no indications that this happened. In my day, the term was not “Aviate, Navigate, Communicate.” It was “Fly the plane.” But, clearly, with as many hours of documented airtime that existed after the initial indications of trouble, there were plenty of opportunities to communicate. Even if ALL of the transmitters were disabled – Radios, Transponders, ACARS, and all of the backup and redundant transmitters – there were still cell phones and other pesonnel that could have been tasked to communicate while they were “flying the plane.” Thinking like a pilot, I would have made it a top priority to make sure that SOMEONE was communicating to the outside world that 200-some odd souls were on board and at risk. I specifically stated only facts. I offered an almost certain conclusion that pilot complicity occurred. That’s not a conspiracy. That’s the most logical conclusion based on ONLY facts. To fantasize about a tire burn, or try to figure out why the turn was made to the heading that was made… Now that’s a conspiracy. There is no evidence that the heading was intentional nor is there any justification for trying to read the pilots’ minds. Those are the ingredients to conspiracy and just as ignorant as claiming terrorism, which I did not. I did not see any facts that would lead to a motive. If you want a little conjecture… there is one other scenario that, while less logical than pilot complicity, could have happened. The facts, as we know them, still do not conflict with the possibility of an electrical issue or slow fire that eventually caused systems to shut down without pilot knowledge and then led to catastrophic and sudden loss of cabin pressure. If you can think of another one, without throwing in assumptions, that doesn’t ignore or contradict the facts, then, by all means, feel free to do so.
I agree, "fly the plane" would be the same as "Aviate" in aviate, navigate, then communicate. Also, I don't believe it would be easy to communicate anything out if you have undergone what was most likely Asphyxia. Either way, no one knows. There just doesn't seem to be another realistic plausible explanation as to why it could be anything else. (i.e. other cases of this happening - golfter Payne Stewart plane crash)
I'm tired of hearing all the scenario's of what MIGHT of happened. Just state the facts, YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT HAPPENED and give the families of the crew and passengers a break.
"a picture is emerging of the pilots not only struggling to save the 777 but going through precisely the steps they should in an emergency…." So flying over the open ocean until you run out of fuel are the steps to take in an emergency? Veering dramatically off course is helpful? To whom?
LOL, exactly. Oh no, there is a fire... turn off the transponder. Fly below radar. Thru a seldom used corridor near Thailand, and head out to sea. Sounds like they forgot the step, run around in circles. No one with a brain buys this conflicting propaganda story they're trying to sell
Im sorry but there's some kind of deliberate act at play here. There's no way it could be something mechanic. If something was going wrong why would you go through the effort to shut down the ACARs system and transponder system? If there was a mechanic problem why not send out a mayday call or distress beacon? There's no way a trained pilot would shut off the systems require to track the plane and then not send out any kind of distress signal or way to be located unless there was some kind of ill intent going on here. It just wouldn't make any sense for it to be so catastrophically wrong that the pilots wouldn't have time to send out a distress call, and then for the plane to make a series of manuevers and fly onward for 6 hours with this mechanical problem not bringing down the plane til it ran out of fuel in the indian ocean. It looks more and more likely to me that this was pilot suicide of some kind.
Another theory from a reporter between this reporter and the idiots on cnn i think they have all the bases covered, then when and if the EXPERTS figures this out one day they can say i told you so.
Instead of assuming that there was evil afoot in the losing of this aircraft, why not apply the good ole American principal of "innocent until proven guilty"? Why does someone have to be blamed and punished for anything that happens?
I do not believe a word of this report. Still no plane found and still no concrete evidence of the plane crashing into the sea. If you ask me, I think it was cruel to inform families and loved ones that they know what happened now. It would not surprise me in the least to find out this corrupt government and country did so to get the families out of their face and away from the investigation after the misinformation they fed them up until this point. These people rightfully demanded answers, rebelled and some were removed for displaying a sign or poster. As far as I am concerned this still has 'conspiracy' written all over it, and I really wish it were not the case, that the plane was found and the mystery over with.
You rather believe your own made up story, that's your right. Keep it to yourself.
@Junkie- and it is your right to believe what you want but this is a comment section where people share thoughts and hopefully good will towards one another. Why are you here if you don't want to view others viewpoints? Just sayin'....
Look this pilot was a friend of the leader of the political opposition in Malaysia who was on trial ( for sodomy) and even seems to have attended the Anwar Ibrihim's trial. Ibrihim is convicted Friday afternoon and sentenced to 5 years in prison. That evening Captain Zawahrie gets in the cockpit of a government owned 777 and he and the aircraft are never heard from again. Not just a little suspicious? Now lets put our thinking caps on. Ibrihim is caught engaging in homosexual activity. There has to be at least one other person involved and the government had to have had this activity under surveillance to bring charges. Might Zawahrie been caught in the same honey trap? For a 53 year old senior pilot with the national flag airline with a wife and three children being exposed as a homosexual in a Muslim nation is more than just humiliating it is the end of one's career, family and freedom. Enough to make a man kill himself and do what he can to humiliate and destroy the careers of those government officials who set him and Ibrihim up.
Hughes, thank you. I was beginning to think I was the only one thinking along these lines. A Yahoo article very early in the event said that he and his wife were separated but living in the same house because of the children and finances. It said, however, that the wife and children moved out of the house the day before the flight. I think there is something to our theory but it will probably never be brought to light even if that is what actually happened.
His family moved out the day before, he had been at court 5 hours before for his relative who was an opposition leader and was jailed for 5 years, he received a phone call right before he left from a mystery phone using a number with a false identity, he practiced extreme landings on his simulator on remote Indian Ocean islands. It is impossible to say this guy didn't flip out.
They probably DID check it out and from there, we were all told lies thru the media, COVER UP for sure. We will never know the truth of what happened to this plane, even if black box is found, they will falsify it with a different one and a tape recorder. We will never know what really happened to this plane, but they do, the Malaysian government knows.
Maybe Capt. Nemo on a nuclear sub can pick up the ping of black box since they can tell a ship's size and direction by prop noise. Or maybe, a trained orca can get the job done. I wish more airplane pilots, jet mechanics, flight engineers, radar operators, and others would at least clarify some points. For instance, with the loss of cabin pressure, the dropping of face masks for oxygen is automatic or does the flight crew have to activate this safety feature? Cabin heating is usually provided with bleed air off the 16th compressor stage of the jet engine. This is why it is so damn cold on long overseas flights because bleed air results in additional fuel consumption.Airlines are damn cheap. I always though bleed air was direct to the cabin but maybe a heat exchanger is employed. At 45,000 feet, I would think there would be enough bleed air to pressurize the cabin unless there is a catastrophic failure of the cabin. I wonder if the 45,000 foot altitude was deliberate to avoid all other air traffic or until radar was ineffective?
As a professional FE and A&P mechanic I can say with some authority that an alarm will sound and the Passenger Oxygen system will activate automatically with a loss of cabin pressure when the cabin altitude reaches a preset barometric setting. The pilots should have their O2 system supply turned 'ON' and selected to 100%. Donning the mask will provide immediate O2 on demand. In the event of smoke they can select the Emergency setting which will provide continuous positive pressure to the mask. As for how most large aircraft are pressurized, engine bleed air is the usual source of air and heat. Pressurization requires a fairly large volume of air, most of which is intermediate stage air (8th stage for example). High energy air (16th stage for example) would be used for adding heat to the airflow and for supply when the engines are at low power settings. Read about turbo-compressors and air cycle machines for more info. Jet engines are air-cooled and produce a lot more compressed air than is needed for combustion. The reason the cabin may be cold has much more to do with who is controlling the temperature. This entire article is just garbage, when the 'Black Boxes' are found there will be answers, until then all is just speculation.
I think that Charles is trying to say that it's cold because the terrorists are controlling the air.
This theory has been discussed on national radio already, proposed by a former Air Canada pilot with over 25 years experience with 747's, etc. He believed there may have been a fire on board, and the pilots diverted the plane aiming for the nearest airport, and thence changing course and unfortunately, crashing into ocean before making it to near any land.
I've read many articles from pilots and most conclude a fire in the cockpit. This would then explain the pilots actions. Unfortunately, you need to search for these articles because you won't find them on any blab blog.
I agree with your response. Yahoo and other trollin news agencies pay no attention to facts, just headlines
The Malaysian government is now trying to limit their liability.
The French plane went down precisely because Ronin pulled back on the stick with a death grip and the other guy didn't realize that's what he was dong. That dude splashed a perfectly flyable plane into the ocean due to panic.
Look I see it this way ..there is no way with all the radar technology out there , there is no way they could have lost that plane. Ill never believe it. and i dont blame the families for going on on the governments for acting like they have no idea what happened to this plane. To me , its a crock. I just read an article in a local paper that stated that there were investors in a company on that plane and the Rothchilds had stick in it and 3 of the investors were on the plane and in the event of three deaths , the remaining inherit the wealth of the stock. If this is true...this is a reallly sad truth about the wealthy and their disgusting need and greed. Im not sure the story is true but it doesnt matter, it seems awful suspicious that these people got away from all radar only to crash this plane unless it was deliberate. I even wonder if this is a smoke screen for something bigger or to make people think we dont have the capacity of spying as we say we do. Ill never believe a plance can just vanish the way they say it did. For gods sake people . We have the technology to split atoms and identify subatomic particles and we lose a plane? NO FREAKIN WAY..this was deliberate in my opinion
I'd like to get the perspective of a group of professional pilots who have flown this passenger jet on what they think happened, given all of the facts of the case. That would be a much better article than this one.
There is an article by a vet. pilot about this, you have to google for it though. It does make sense.
Yes, you need to google it. Many of the pilots who know this plane believe the shortness of the runway, weight of the plane, and pressure on the front tire caused a fire causing smoke in the cockpit. The transmitters weren't turned off, they burned. The pilots did what they were trained to do to try and land this plane.
I'm an expert in aerospace systems, and real experts admit when there's not enough evidence to draw a conclusion. Right now, there's not enough evidence to draw very many conclusions at all. The Malaysian government official statements are only slightly less irresponsible than the speculation posing as news from CNN and Fox.
i love the government so much, they love to cover, up things and lie to the people 24#$%$ so much more than what i could ask for... i love you so much government... i love being a sheep and my fellow sheeples:)
So the pilots have gone from hijackers to possibly trying to do something heroic? These stories have been about as accurate as Helen Keller would of been trying to land a boeing 777.
Totally false characterization of AF 447 written to support this author's pathetic article. Dubois returned to the cockpit in plenty of time to save the plane. He simply never retook his seat from Bonin, who fatally had his hand on the stick pulling back the entire time, creating the stall.
So after the course and altitude change, the plane reportedly continued flying for 7 hours. How is that explained? Or is that false, too?
Easy - cabin taken over by terrorist/s who weren't as good at flying the plane as they thought they would be. Got the direction wrong. At this stage there are many possibilities - only takes a little imagination.
I think I will wait for some FACTS. The beginning of this article asserts that the pilots had some catastrophic event take place on the plane that forced the pilots to turn the plane around and change altitude and then find the nearest runway, which they obviously failed to do, yet for some reason they continue flying for 6-7 more hours until they crash into the Indian Ocean. I don't think anyone knows what happened. Show me the black boxes.
When the plane crossed land to get to the Indian Ocean it would have been picked up by radar. Where is the data?
It should have been on radar either military and/or civilian for most of it's flight whether it's transponder was on or off... so I agree with Concord, where is the data?
Malaysian military has it....not sure if they have released it to anyone....
Hmmm doctoring it no doubt before releasing it ...
Good guess, but thats about it a guess. That can't even find the freaking thing,so really where do they get off saying this in the headline of the story? They have no idea what happened,only what they think might have happened. we all have an opinion , so why even bother writing a story on complete speculation?
Couldn't something have happened that was similar to Payne Stewart's plane when it drifted several hundred miles off course and crashed? The plane had almost all of its fuel. If there was a gas leak and everyone was unconscious, couldn't the plane have drifted, in this case, a couple thousand miles off course and then crashed?
IF not a sinister undertone to this, the plane flew for a long time with multiple methods of establishing contact with the outside world. THere is no explanation for that I can come up with as the planes have multiple power sources for comms including a big honking battery and presumably generators on each engine and on the APU which can be started up as needed. The deal still stinks of evil planning.
OMG! Now they want to blame Malaysia for putting suspicion on the pilots! It was the media who was making all the speculations. What a way to spin it, Yahoo.
There had to be a catastrophic shutdown of all electricity throughout the airplane. The pilots could not see their altitude or direction and could not radio a mayday or anything else. If all this began at over 20,000 feet the passengers would be dead in minutes because they would be unable to breath. Same thing if something toxic were released. The pilots were probably flying blind until they died, and then the plane flew on until it ran out of fuel. I pray all those people are being taken care of now by God.
nice fiction, but didn't go down like that guy
You have no clue about the electrical systems of modern airliners.....redundancy....seperate busses.....emergency inverters...all designed to ALWAYS give you a functioning radio, even if the thing is burning to pieces. I wholeheartedly agree with you about being being in Gods hands....praying for them.
Keith F , And how would you know? Were you there? How did you get out? Ronnie. Yes I do know about the redundancy. However something stopped them from radioing a mayday and asking for help. All of them had to be incapacitated somehow.
It seems that what is known right now is that the plane went into the Indian Ocean. What isn't known is if someone, be it pilot, passenger, or ground crew may have gotten into the flight deck and made adjustment that would bring the plane down and that cost the lives of the passengers. Until the cockpit recorders are found and the cause of the plane going into the ocean is found the bobbing bubble heads can just keep on guessing on any theory or hypothesis and if anyone wants to keep hanging on to those celebrity talking heads thats their problem. Even if it takes 5 years to find the wreckage and the cause of the plane crash, that is when we will find and know the truth.
But we don't know the plane is in the Indian Ocean. It hasn't even been confirmed yet? Why is Malaysia announcing this, when they have no proof yet? It's quite odd. There's no evidence at all yet.
Well you certainly are entitled to your opinions. Can you prove otherwise?
Now, back to the mysterious cargo, which had come by sea under the watch of no less than 2 former SEALs -who, OBVIOUSLY, were murdered and in such an elaborately professional manner as to portray them as having been using narcotics. (Give. Me. A. Break.! Derelict SEAL "junkies"? Will the insults to intelligence ever stop...?) Murdered by whom? Where was it coming from? Those are big questions. And so is the possibility of this A/C having been knowledgeably sabotaged because this cargo was sensitive enough to warrant mass murder as collateral damage -it is widely known that "certain" entities are quite capable of taking care of business regardless of the means. Its destination, as was reported, was Beijing. Wouldn't it be nice of the rat-munchers to candidly tell us all about it...? Right.
For some people they are never happy unless they have a conspiracy theory to write about, or enhance any rumours they hear. It does not matter to them if they are not at the scene, but they seem to know everything, because they do.
Must take medication.... Must take medication.... Must take medication.... Must take medication....
Take a chill-pill dude. By the way, they are looking for you back at the home.
@John: @Miles: @Brewster: You clearly must be in bliss in your cuckoo nest in la-la land... And, Brewster, they don't have to look for me; I am not hiding like some sheep do.
Before all this "new" evidence came up, I was condemned on here for even suggesting that terrorism made no sense in this case. No sign of a plane being hi-jacked, no immediate signs of wreckage, etc. If you wish to die for some cause, you want publicity. You want people to know what you have done. You don't want your actions to be mistaken for an accident and never noticed. It has always made more sense that the crew was incapacitated by noxious fumes or something, and the plane simply flew on until it ran out of fuel. And as a note: You don't smell all poisonous gases. You can be overcome quite easily if you are unware of them being present, and that could certainly prevent a distress call. Theory, yes, but it makes far more sense than some act of terrorism.
I've said the same from day one and been condemned as well. people will fight hard to hang on to their delusions. :-)
It is all speculation until they can find (and retrieve) the black boxes.
When will we get real time flight data information? Heck, I can Skype a live video and audio signal from my cell phone or tablet! And many planes have internet access on board. So why the heck can't they at least transmit basic information? And, better yet, live video and audio feeds from the cockpit and the cabin? The black boxes today were basically last updated in the 1980s and implemented in the early 1990s. Think VCR tapes. Now we can get more data on a 64 GB SD flash memory card. But again, back to the real time beaming of information. Why the heck not?
Ever heard of "Third World Countries"? Also, most of the passengers were Chinese. Their internet accessibility is a little more restricted than ours.
Like everything else Malaysian officials have said since the disappearance of Flt.370, this new idea that the pilots "tried to save the plane" has no verifiable facts to support it. The "verification" that Flt. 370 crashed in the southern Indian Ocean with no physical evidence to support the claim coupled with the new praise of the pilots is arguably the most suspicious aspect of the investigation since the first Chinese satellite imagery that served to keep the search focused in the South China Sea despite compelling evidence that the plane had flown west over the Malacca Strait. There is something very rotten here, and the Malaysian government knows it.
If that plane is in the Indian Ocean, I will bet my #$%$ and all its fixtures that the Indian Ocean was not the plane's first stop after departing Kuala Lumpur.
You fools don't believe anything but your own sick imaginations! They found a debris field. You can all jump into it!
Phyl, you sound upset. Have I said something that hurt your feelings? Did you think that spotting undefined flotsam was somehow conclusive evidence of anything other than that there is pollution in the ocean? Have the Malaysian officials convinced you with their ,well, I can't think of a word for the absence of evidence? You are welcome to believe anything you please. It is not required that you have any evidence to support what you believe. I do not even care if what you believe makes any sense. I wonder why what I believe is so upsetting to you. I can only hope that you are not called for jury duty.
Sabotage / terrorism. Know way the US, Russia and China don't know where it is.
It is all to obvious that this was a suicide event. If not, who turned the plane around to take another direction if it was not planned or ordered by the plane captain....where was the captain of this aircraft? Why the co-pilot when the captain was responsible. I would have demanded to talk to the captain, and not the co-pilot!!! The only conclusion has to be suicide. Everything else has to be a deception to screw it all up. There had to be an intentional act in all of this. All other motives would have been discovered by now. I am sure the FBI knows if they have done a background check on these pilots. Something would have shown up by now. One thing for sure all these people are no longer alive or someone on this planet would know......we certainly live in a world of deception without any consideration for the truth of anything. This planet is heading for a one world government anyway with one world court, one world bank, one world religion.....this comes from a lot of sources around the world and especially with OBAMA. He has shown many signs of being an evil person. He cares for no one but himself no matter what he says. The worst president in history. Time will prove it!! No matter what..
Excuse me Yahoo, why did I just read an entire article attempting to get us to believe the turning off of communication and location equipment on a plane that has disappeared is insignifigant in discovering what happened? This article was sickening in its bad attempt to dismiss undeniable proof of what
In one statement, they say they have found it and in the very next breath they say they may never find the aircraft itself. So what way is it? They either found it or they're just tired of looking for it. The debris they found could have come from the Japanese tsunami. There is large masses of junk all over the worlds ocean's due to the tsunami. They also said that the trash that they have witnessed could not be absolutely identified as coming from the aircraft.
Debris from the Japanese tsunami? Are you kidding?
As far as I know, no one has said "they have found it". Are you sure you're not reading more into the news than what they're actually saying?
To Disgusted, No I'm not kidding. The pacific ocean has masses o debris still floating on the surface and there has been articles that a lot of other places have noticed trash on there shorelines and not in just the Pacific either.
Wait, so you are telling me that conspiracy and false flag theories are almost always wrong and the people to latch on to them based off vague information and media hype are equally wrong and over paranoid? Who knew?
Malaysian CYA action only. Nothing validated by objective and verifiable data. Politics not science.
If I were to guess it would be similar to how this story begins where there is smoke or loss of oxygen (possible decompression) and the pilots turned back towards Malaysia. At some point both passengers and crew became unconscious. The plane continued on heading (South West) until running out of fuel. End of story.
The writers analysis is more conjecture(spin) than fact. For these circumstances to take place almost at once, the odds are astronomical unless there was some collusion involved. If the pilots were not involved, someone gained access to the cockpit or even before it left the ground someone intervened effecting the outcome of this flight.
The Malaysian government's actions and behaviors throughout this disaster have been unconscionable, and to first tell the devastated families their loved ones were dead BY TEXT rather than face-to-face by a human representative was inhumane. The Malaysian government has lost all credibility.
am I missing something?? Experts can't find the plane, but we do know the pilots attempted to save it? save it from what?? To be saved, there has to be circumstances in which called for help/action. call me dumb but I am really intrigued and rather confused
I dunno. Onboard fire, martians, a rogue wave.
hahah crazy man///that statement is saying that somebody knows what happens to plane. plain and simple. get arrested, make a boatload of statements like that and you could be found guilty of any crime.
was the flight crew part of a hijacking? suicide dive, or were they hero's trying to save a doomed aircraft? just three scenarios along with many others that have come forth. finding the plane does not guarantee discovering all the answers, but without it, we are guaranteed an unsolvable mystery forever.
Land of the Lost, they will find the plane with the dinosaurs and the sleestacks!
Hold on here people. I haven't seen one shred of evidence that even suggests that the plane wreckage is in this "Remote area" of the Indian Ocean, and neither have any of you. Plus, 5, 4, 3 and 2 days ago there were reports of ships steaming towards the area to identify and recover wreckage. Now the search is suspended even though they know that the wreckage, if there is wreckage, could be gone. What happened to all the ships steaming towards the site? Who ordered the ships to turn around? Something is rotten in Malaysia.
this 'remote area' which has ocean depths of 20k-25k feet. we will be hearing an 'oops it sunk, we promise' soon
Terrorist let you know it was terrorism. Either than individual or a group - trust me, we would know. I really don't think it was the case considering their trends of attack.
In my world..there are more accidents and errors...failures of equipment than there are men with exemplary histories deciding to extinquish 237 lives. If there was an electrical fire it would make sense that the captain would have disabled every circuit breaker except the ones to run essential flight necessities. I would have shut off everything except the circuits to make her fly....and hope that we could get home. Remember...there are no emergency lanes to pull over when flying over the ocean. God Bless the flight crew..for they must have tried ...and succumbed to the smoke/fire. If you are driving down the highway on cruise....and your car catches fire in the trunk...it'll keep going until you shut it off...or run into something.
The lithium-ion batteries in the cargo, which has been described as "substantial", could produce toxic smoke but never actually burst into flames. So it's quite possible the flight crew and everyone on board was overcome by the fumes but the plane itself was in perfect condition to fly until it ran out of fuel.
The media coverage on this has been sickening. The theories and explanations have been outrageous. All trying to get more attention than the others. It doesn't help that the Malaysian gov't doesn't give any information and seems to come out agreeing with whatever the latest news release is.
So in another words Malaysia has no idea what happened to the plane.
Perhaps they should find the plane and black boxes before making statements to the media.
People are so conditioned by today's high tech society that they just can't believe this mystery can't be solved in an hour like an episode of CSI. It takes time and the plane may never be found if it's on the bottom of the very deep Indian ocean.
we are living in an instant gratification era where my sons would go into withdrawal if the electricity goes out and they don't have cell signal and internet for even 5 minutes!!
The Malaysians investigating this incident are stupid #$%$ with no ability whatsoever to conduct this investigation. They are arrogant clowns and without low cost labor and the location in which their country is situated would still be living in mud huts. Scratch Malaysia off of the bucket list.
"The Pilots Tried to Save MH370" is the headline of this story...Is that a fact? Maybe wait to write this story until you have more facts, especially considering the article is devoted to trashing Malaysian authorities for releasing speculative statements that aren't facts...
The "hero pilot" theory was floated a few days ago and thoroughly debunked. And there is nothing in this article that contradicts the facts that debunked the original story. Yes, the plane changed directions and flew toward the nearest airport at the time after communications were lost. And they flew right over it and continued to make course corrections to hit navigation check points on the other side, indicating that someone was still in control of the airplane, and whoever that was had no intention of landing it there. I'm not saying that we should assume the pilot acted maliciously. And I don't think it is fair that the pilot's name has been dragged through the mud before all of the facts are known. At this point I have no idea what happened, and neither does anyone else. So lets all just stop pretending like we do. We'll either find the wreckage and black box eventually which might answer our questions, or we'll never find it, in which case we likely will never know what exactly happened on that plane.
I think one of the first questions needs to be....why/how did a plane with over 200 ppl end up (per latest satellite reports and authorities) 7-8 hrs away opposite direction to the near ends of earth hours n hours away from nearest land. Even if something happened on board, it only takes a few secs to make some kind of call whether by cell or cockpit. Why would pilot say gnight n turn off communication? Turning off transponder n flying thousands of miles away if any of that is even true, brings suspicion to mind.
Because an electrical fire on the plane would have disabled all the communications. If they were overcome by smoke, that's why it flew so long till it ran out of gas. They were all dead by then.
Agreed, though it's possible they didn't turn off the transponder themselves. It could have been something like a fire that disabled some systems and caused the death of the passengers due to fumes. The plane would then have flown on its own until running out of fuel and crashing. Overall, I'm interested to hear the actual facts once they're uncovered.
In the event of a fire....they pull the buss and fuse systems on all electronics to either pinpoint or stop an active fire. My guess is they were overcome with fumes/smoke and the flight systems stayed active enough to level them off and cruise at the mercy of the plane until it ran out of fuel....that would explain small debris field if it went into the water on its belly or at slower speed. I think in the end, there will be some apologizing to the late pilot's families.....I hope so anyway.
maybe the cockpit windscreen blew off which would have killed the pilots and if the cabin door was locked no-one would have been able to get in
All pure conjecture! Just for a news story. Until the Black box is found know one will know what really happened. Gee, no actual wreckage has been seen or verified.
All speculation on every turn in this whole mess, mostly by the out of control media circus. Talk about exploiting this whole mess to make up news when they was none. Those people are sub-human mindless idiots who have nothing better to do than write fiction to pass the time. That's sure putting your pathetic college skills to work boys and girls. You oughtta' be totally ashamed of what you've done, but even that is completely over your numbskull heads. You people are being pathetic, you are sick sumbitches! Very, very sick gutless freaks of nature you are.
So, are we to believe that in addition to a complete lack communication by the pilots concerning the status of the plane, two other forms of electronic communication were lost yet the plane flew for at least 5 more hours? How could that be? A mechanical event catastrophic enough to take out the pilots and the communication systems yet allow the plane to continue to fly. And if the pilots were in fact attempting to save the plane, not a peep out of them. Of course, Malaysian Authorities would like to brand the pilots as brave heroes. It's quite obvious that there was foul play here and it was very likely the pilots!
Do a google search for Payne Stewart and read the report on the incident that took his life while riding in a Lear Jet. That's how it could happen, more or less.
If they do not find any voice recorder or the black box....date of expiry is getting close....Chinese people thought the plane was taken..landed somewhere... get them on Obama Care... High jacked and/or co pilot was the main culprit...turns off transponder.. no radio communications...flight too low for radar....accident....done on purpose... find wreckage...reason(s) never...same as person who goes into a school like New Town and shoots the young children...reason...all theory...not 1005 proven...
Pat, you really shouldn't be mixing alcohol with those anti-psychotic drugs you are taking.
Neither pilot had "motive" to do anything with this plane other than fly it safely. They both loved their profession. Explosive or Rapid decompressions can be fatal hence why there are O2 masks that fall down. Other things can happen to disrupt safe ops. I do agree that CNN has been a disturbing circus which has tarnished the reputations of some of the better commentators... and this CNN guy Savage commentating from a simulator is in bad taste...
There is a problem that no passengers used their cell phones to call relatives. There was a theory that the pilot may have killed the passengers by discharging the pressure in the passenger cabin which would explain why no cell phones were activated as it takes only minutes. Also the pilot belonged to a controversial poltical group that opposed democracy.
U are stupid-Pilot belonged to group promoting Democracy-hence T-shirt that said,"democracy is dead." Same shirt most Tea-baggers would have worn.
read couple thousand previous posts on why phones don't work at high altitude or over water-keep up or keep your mouth shut
They will never find the wreckage, crash or not. This is going to fuel thousands of conspiracy theories for the next hundred years. Imagine the TV/theatrical movie? Going to be amazing ...
With all of the technology available today why are airlines still relying on a black box? Why can there not be a system that relays second-by-second of the plane to a system on the ground. All movements in the plane, cockpit, conversations, etc. recorded at a place other than ON THE PLANE. If a plane goes off course a system should warn ground control SOMEWHERE that there may be trouble. Rather than raising price of tickets and nickel and dime passengers why can't airlines build a better plane and systems on that plane? These planes are old, tech-wise, and should be revamped to fit today's technology!
It'd doable. But where are they going to be storing all that information from over 87.000 flights just over the US?
You know those BIG rooms that use to store just the computer systems when computers were first built and they needed lots of room for it? They just need some BIG rooms again. And hire people for reviewing data 24/7.
Sounds like a change for insurance reasons?
Fascinating and terrible. Toxic fumes fill the plane, or decompression occurs. Pilots change course and descend to safer altitude. Pilots set course on auto-pilot to nearest airport which is on a course to the Indian Ocean, so that they can do other things to deal with the emergency. Horribly, pilots and passengers are overcome by fumes or decompression. Plane flies blindly on until it runs out of fuel and crashes into the ocean - similar to that 737 that flew on to disaster in Greece (?) years ago.
So the words they used to describe the pilots actions seemed sinister. Turning off critical communication links regardless of the words you use seems sinister. Turning the plane and flying for 4 - 6 hours away from where anyone would expect you to be is sinister. Please explain how flying the opposite direction, than your flight plan over open water toward the Antarctic is the act of a pilot trying to save a plane?
If the pilots, crew and passengers die in midflight what happens to the plane?
This article is just another way of saying we know squat.
I propose it was an electrical fire that shorted out [disabled] the transponders and produced enough toxic smoke/fumes to suffocated the crew and passengers. I support this theory with TWO facts: 1. a 777's auto-pilot has it's OWN battery back-up and operates independently of the other electrical systems, thus theoretically it could have continued to "fly" the plane in whatever direction it was heading when the pilots became incapacitated - it this case - PAST Kuala Lumpur and on 7,000 miles into the southern Indian ocean.. FACT 2. While the pilots would be protected from passengers in the cabin by the cockpit blast door - they would still share the same ventilation system and thus would be just a vulnerable to the smoke as everyone else on board... I imagine a plane full of corpses... droning on under auto-pilot for HOURS...
Yes, but they claim the plane wouldn't have had enough fuel to reach the south Indian Ocean flying at 12,000' so would have had to go back up to 35,000' to get to where they claim it crashed. That would have required manual intervention. Maybe the "experts" aren't all that sure about how much fuel the plane had.....that it did indeed have enough to go where they claim it went. Lots of misleading info put out with these stories. And if a fire, why didn't the pilots immediately send some type of communication? There are several ways to do this if one system was down.
mick i heard just a little while ago that its not definite that they went down to 12000 feet so still lots of speculation and not a lot clear yes. my guess is that it was a windshield I heard one pilot suggesting that. but no one knows
Is it possible to trace the currents backward over the last 2 weeks to ascertain where the plane might have actually gone into the water?
Actually they need to just stop reporting on it till they know what happened, which obviously they don't!
Clive Irving, What a NICE propaganda spin on a tragedy you know NOTHING about.
I wonder if it is possible for an outside group to hack into a plane mid flight? Basically over riding all control of the plane and the crew and passengers are then powerless and along for the ride. First would be to shut down communications and transponders. Next they reprogrammed the flight path causing it to turn and head out into the Abyss above the Indian ocean sending it on a course knowing it would eventually run out of fuel and crash in the middle of nowhere, but allowing the time to run more tests in regards with what they could remotely get this plane to do and to see if the pilots could figure out a way to counter it etc. Imagine if someone figured out a way to do this? What the implications could mean. I first thought North Korea but the choice of testing on a plane filled mostly with Chinese nationals would seem like a really bad idea as China is NK's handler for the most part. But plenty of other countries out there who would love to have this ability. No i do not wear tin foil hats and I am leaning towards a less sinister sequence of events have happened but its just something I've spit balled around with in my head.
Would be a good cover, cyber attacking a plane full of your own people.
Doesn't seem out of the realm of possibility when computers can be hacked in other countries.
Interesting thought. One I had considered as well. It makes me wonder if a govt sponsored hacker group might have had a role. If this is what happened, it would send shock waves through the airline industry as passengers would lose confidence in flying if the truth got out. The economic impact could be huge. There would be a stong desire on the part of governments to keep a tight lid on this information. I recall the scene from "Thunderball" where Blofeld tells the government of the UK that Spectre hijacked a NATO bomber and took possession of the two nukes that were on board the plane. Pay up or else. Perhaps a blackmail threat was ignored or dismissed and the threat was carried out to prove they could do it. IMO, this would require somebody on the inside who knows the computer control systems on the Boeing 777 inside and out.
If the plane and black box are ever found, will the truth about what happened ever be revealed or will it be more Malaysian style distraction & deception?
Not blaming the pilots? Seems strange because even if there was a fire that caused the plane to go down, why the hell were they able to fly so far off course without communicating with anyone on the ground. In my opinion, there is no explanation other than the pilots being to blame in one way or another. All the changing stories out of Malaysia do nothing but confirm the belief that their #$%$ government has no #$%$ clue where this plane is, so they picked the deepest most remote part of the ocean (thousands of miles and hours off their original course) in hopes we would buy it. I can't imagine the families standing for this…
Emergency protocol for pilots "Aviate, Navigate, Communicate".....Also keep in mind they had left Malaysian ATC range and had not picked up the next ATC area yet. Their first priorities as pilots were to fly and navigate the plane in the attempts to address whatever emergency was going before communicating. They could have very well been too busy trying to save the airplane and the 237 people on board than constantly checking to see if they were in communication range. Maybe they were constantly checking communications, but were not in range to receive a response from anyone. They also could have very well lost consciousness, or Lord knows what else, before they had the opportunity to connect with someone. There are a lot of different scenarios that could have played out.
I'm with you DuP! Best possible explanation...non of the other stories make sense...these planes are not perfect...something happened that killed everyone on board before they had a chance to communicate so the plane flew on till it ran out of gas...plain and simple!
@Pierce - A few years ago, a pilot-friend of mine and I were preparing to fly two different airplanes to two different destinations. As the time approached for us to take off, we were discussing our upcoming flights and enjoying a beautiful, cool, clear Texas morning (we were just south of Dallas). At about 11:00 a.m. we both taxied our airplanes down to the end of the taxiway and I watched my friend take off. I followed him a minute or two later. He flew south and I flew west. After we were both airborne, I contacted him on the radio and wished him a good flight. An hour or so later, I landed, enjoyed a nice lunch in Stephenville, Texas and flew home. About 3:00 p.m. that same afternoon, I received a telephone call from a mutual friend. Whereas my flight had gone smoothly the caller informed me that our friend was dead. He was supposed to land in Austin but the plane crashed just short of the Texas-Mexico border - several hundred miles beyond Austin. He had been overcome by Carbon-Monoxide and died at the controls not long after I last spoke to him. Here's my point: his airplane continued to fly straight and level after he had died. It crashed 'miles off course,' remaining airborne until it ran out of fuel. You seem to imply in your post that anything short of a successful flight is pilot error. Take, for example your comment, "why the hell were they able to fly so far off course without communicating with anyone on the ground"? Well, in the case of my friend, it was because he was dead! Was being overcome by Carbon-Monoxide 'pilot error'? Of course not. Listen, it is very likely that for most of the 'off-course flying' these pilots were dead. It is not fair to make comments that imply either incompetence or sinister motives. You have no idea what happened in that cockpit and neither does anyone else.
Capt.Jim Tillman a weather man and a commercial pilot for over 35yrs. said someone in the cockpit was the one responsible for this planes disappearance or fatal plunge into the ocean. Let's face it, somebody with full knowledge of that airplane did this horrible act. It's getting to be that you can't trust anyone in this Godforsaken world any more.
Still missing, and until they find the black boxes it is all speculation.
There are just too many variables and unanswered questions to make an educated guess at what really happened aboard flight 370. We can all conjure up scenarios from these half-truths but the facts are not there to support any of them. Let's find the black box and debris before speculating the worse case.
Quit speculating. Just let me know when you find the wreckage.
MH370 has turned into an International JOKE with dead passengers and crew as the punchline! There has been horrible failures on all levels in this so called investigation. Airlines, military, Third World Politicians, media both foreign and domestic have BUTCHERED this disaster from every angle in a comedic fashion! SHAME ON ALL THOSE IDIOTS TRYING TO SAVE FACE AND SAVE A BUCK!! SHAME ON YOU ALL!! GOD HELP THE FAMILIES WHO WILL NEVER KNOW!!!
Here's an idea, start reporting on facts rather than giving opinions and speculation.
I CALL B.S. ! " The Pilots Tried to Save MH370" "What has come of all of this? Zilch." How in the heII do they know who did what, when, when there is NO PLANE, no evidence ? There HAS to be remnants of plane somewhere ! Floating debris, fuel, oil,body parts clothes, foam, plastics if in water. Tore down woodland and fire if crashed on land and SOMEONE would see that. Planes don't just completely disappear !
Since no wreckage has been recovered this article is speculation like every previous article. It doesnt explain why the plane flew for 7 hours after the last communication as reported in previous articles. That makes no sense if there was an emergency and the pilots needed to get back on the ground quickly. Its also been reported that it crashed in a very remote area in the far southern Indian Ocean. That would be far off their original course and 4 hours away from the Australian airport where search planes which found debris originated. There may be no evidence to justify blaming the pilots but it seems that under this scenario the plane would have either landed back in Kuala Lumpur or continued at low altitude into China.
Exactly. This article was a little crazy. 'The first officer does most of the flying anyway.' No, they don't. The Captain is ultimately in charge of the aircraft. However, they usually take turn about flying each leg, between the first officer and the captain, and/or the flight engineer or second officer.
The 777 is a fly-by-wire aircraft, and it's systems are designed to keep the plane flying automatically. If the flight crew & pax were all disabled, it's very likely the plane would have continued flying until it ran out of fuel.
Virtually all commercial aircraft are fly by wire Alan but if the plane did crash in the southern Indian Ocean someone had to change the originally programmed course. Originally it was set to fly straight from Kuala Lumpur to Bejing which is almost a direct northerly route. According to this theory someone had to manually take the plane down to 12,000 feet because that wasnt part of the flight plan either. It also doesnt explain why there wasnt at least a quick distress call before systems were disabled.
There are certainly many unanswered questions, but there is precedent for aircraft remaining in stable flight for many hours with incapacitated crew. There first priority would have been to fly the plane, their second priority would have been to attempt to navigate to the closest airport, which could account for the course change. Communicating their situation would have been the last priority. It's possible they were busy flying & navigating, and became incapacitated themselves before communicating.
Please explain again why the airliner would have climbed to 45,000. What would be the cause or purpose of a pilot doing that?
NO ONE hates The Original Man more than the devil. Females are often used by the devil to do the dirty work of being a nuisance to The Original Man.
The Malaysian government needs to be slapped silly.
Concentrate on finding the black boxes already! Enough with the speculation.
Thank you for finally posting an article with some common sense. Why has nothing been printed about the issue with skin cracking on the Boeings? The pilots that people want to label terrorists may actually have been heroes.
when everyone dies there are no heros
The bottom line is some tea bagger shot it down from the roof of his floating trailer with a modified AR-15 with its serial # filed off while he paddled down the Strait of Hormuz clutching his reel to reel Birth of A Nation film. For real.
Yeah. And the media gleefully reported on EVERYTHING and all of it was #$%$.
Wow...I'm glad to see the story is changing...When you travel by air as a passenger you don't have other choice but trust the pilots...with your life. I feel confident they tried to do the right thing, but didn't succeed...
Oh, and that flight simulator? I have one and I change it up all the time. I think it is a waste of time going over that because he may have tried a whole bunch of scenarios to see how to get out of tough situations or to replicate something that had occured in the past. The FBI is sometimes good at dealing with non events.
Agreed. I was really amused by the idiot poster who stated "The pilot had a flight simulator and simulated left turns." Really? I cant' imagine a flight that didn't have a left turn or two. And, without a doubt, at least one ascent followed by a descent.
I believe none of this. I am not a conspiracy theorist at all, but sorry this ENTIRE situation screams cover ups, screw ups, and unbelievable errors all over the place.
On a weekly basis somebody snaps and kills innocent people for no apparent reason-this time just happened to be a pilot. Read my posts from first ten days of this-completely defended pilots and their countries main religion. Think though it's time to face facts.
This article is completely ridiculous. If the pilots had been struggling to save the airplane, why purposefully turn off the damn transponders (they don't turn off automatically)? And if the aircraft was experiencing technical problems, why did it fly for another 5 or 6 hours only to supposedly crash thousands of miles off course in a remote stretch of the Indian Ocean? It makes no sense. Clearly someone on the plane had criminal intentions, most likely one or both of the pilots.
More tabloid journalism and more speculations from unnamed sources. The writers and editors should be ashamed and fired for their stupidity here.
What amazes me is that they suddenly declare that they know the plane went into the Indian ocean after seeing only 3 satellite pictures and they were not that clear when not one person has physically seen touched or identified any tangible evidence. Sounds like a rush to judgement to me. Does anyone else smell coverup here?
Can Yahoo fire this guy? 20/20 hindsight and he's an expert now? After everyone has done their best and every reporter on the planet hounding ALL the officials and their families for a bloody story... NOW this moron of a reporter adds his 2 cents based on new information and he implies everyone should have known (just like does) what happened to the plane)? Yahoo, please fire this guy, it give journalism an even worse name and your website even worse credibility than it has now.
If he worked for Yahoo maybe.. But since he works for the Daily Beast, where this article came from, don't think yahoo has the jurisdiction there. Idiot.
@The Alchemist... so the only part of my comment you deemed worthy of commenting on was the part where I got his employer wrong?
It is true that they would have descended and turned in an emergency like they claim. They would have also radioed an emergency. If the emergency was severe enough to disable all communications so quickly as to not allow them to make a call then why did it keep flying for hours? If the pilots were incapacitated it would mean that they would have to have set the auto pilot. If it was a fire like they are hinting at then how does the auto pilot continue to work? It would also mean that the plane flew for hours on fire with everyone incapacitated.
A fire can destroy the cockpit area without disabling the engines. A well trimmed aircraft can fly without cockpit input. Fires can burn out on their own - battery fire could do this, and the engines would have power due to their generators. If the engines are running, the aircraft is trimmed properly, and the pilots and passengers are dead/incapacitated, and there's 7 hours of fuel on board the plane would fly until it ran out of gas. Makes a logical argument - better then the Suicide idea...
Without auto pilot and at 12000 feet it would be almost impossible for this plane to stay in the air for hours. I do not believe a 777 or any aircraft would hold a trim that long. It is also most unlikely that a fire would be large enough to incapacitate or kill everyone on board and then burn itself out. A fire in the cargo hold would not disable the communications that quick. The crew would have donned their oxygen immediately during any fire. They have about an hour of oxygen and do not need oxygen at 10000 feet. If the ir burned for over an hour there is no way the plane stays in the air. If it goes out, how did the crew become incapacitated or die. The suicide idea is pretty weak, but this is about as weak.
"...it would be almost impossible for this plane to stay in the air for hours." Said by someone who's never flown a plane...
How do you know if I have ever flown? I have worked in aviation for over 30 years, working on transport aircraft so I do know a bit about how they work. I know they have 3 separate radio systems, VHF1, VHF2 and HF. I also know that the fuselage skin mostly composite and thin. It is also over 200 feet long so for fumes to incapacitate the crew faster than they could don their masks is most unlikely. It would have to knock them out in seconds. If that happened, who turned the plane and descended it? Go out and fly your little Cessna, trim it the best you can, take your hands off the controls and see how long you stay in the air. If you hit any turbulence the attitude is going to change. The only way it will fly for hours without auto pilot is if it was in air like glass.
A lot of theories. No physical evidence.
Seems like investigators should still not loose site of the two guys who got on the plane with fake passports bought by "Mr. Ali" with cash. Seems like they were cleared and pushed out of the picture way too easily.
This article, these blogs, constant media scrutiny -why must everyone have their theories and jump to conclusions? Let's just wait and see. The plane will be found, the truth will come out.
Nicely said, steveg. I did find this article to be an interesting and dispassionate presentation, unlike so many of the bigoted comments here and elsewhere.
I haven't followed this story quite as closely as some. However, my primary question is, "why no communications?" Unless it was a very sudden malfunction and all were killed, this question remains, which allows for plenty of unproven speculation. I hope the black box is found so that this story can be put to bed. But until proven by real evidence from the Indian Ocean, I'm open to any reasonable explanation - including hijacking the plane.
aliens or maybe a meteor. that same time two meteors passed thru the atmosphere and hit the US
That is the 64,000 $ question I guess. It was not a meteor, even though I guess it is possible. If that is possible maybe it was a decepticon and it is at the bottom of the sea trying to find megatron.
What this sad incident reveals is how horribly hungry the news media is for something sensational to sell. Coverage of this story seemed more like a circus than the doings of supposedly serious news outlets. It says a lot about how a once-respected institution has become just another business selling #$%$. It also says a lot that this kind of #$%$ is exactly what people seem to want, even as they rave against how lowbrow it is.
I am surprised at all the media on this catastrophe sad though it is, and so little media coverage of what is going on in our own country in Washington.
True, in a sense. The Republican Party has been taken over by an anti-American corporate and tea party cabal that is evil and driving this country into the mud. And, the Dems, while better, aren't that much better. Much more progressive policies are needed all around. So, in a sense you are correct, although probably not in the sense that you believe!
Are you kidding me? The Malaysian Government is NOT TO BE BELIEVED! That plane could not have made it far out into the Indian Ocean if it was flying at 12,000 feet. It would have run out of fuel much sooner. Planes fly at 35K feet for a reason--to extend their range and save fuel. I am not falling for this propaganda spin by Malaysia. They know more than they are letting on and it does not look good for their national airline.
I'm with you.... things don't add up and the Malaysina government is all of a sudden trying to very quickly to wrap this up.
So let me see if I have this straight. People make wild assumptions in the comments section are allowed to say and write whatever they want to about this event without the facts. Okay. Now, a writer for the Daily Beat says ease off the pilots and here are some of the a - hole things people have been "assuming" about them. Yet somehow this is taboo? The information age at it's finest. Don't do what I do or I'll verbally crucify you for it. Try actually reading the article internet users, they guy is saying NOT ENOUGH INFO TO CONVICT THE PILOT AND COPILOT! No one knows what happened on that plane, and we won't unless the black box and the wreckage can be found and examined. Why is this so hard to accept? Why must there be a cover up, a clandestine cabal of ner-do-wells trying to "fool the rest of us?" Most importantly, why must you have a faceless group of "others" to blame when we don't know what happened?
Well as far as I am aware nobody in the comment section is on the "NEWS PAYROLL" so yes there is a difference. Reporters should be required to verify the facts before printing, comment sections are not news, they are personal commits are something written.
The pilots made the turn after saying goodnight and sighing off. Maybe this captain Zaharie left someone who could not handle the plane If they had a problem it would have been wiser to go forward and land in the next available place not go over the Indian ocean of no return. Yes something was up. Either party time for the pilots or a take over by terrorists . Why and how would this pilot have a simulator in his house if not to teach someone else to fly ?
There are 0 evidence of anything and now suddenly the pilots are big heros. This crash is the most insane and unprofessional recovery effort in aviation history. A disaster about a disaster. Insane.
Malaysian Officials changed their story? Or is it that Fox News does not have any grounds for putting a new spin on the news?
Oxygen starvation could cause the descent to 12,000 and possible the descent was not fast enough and pilots passed out. The turn to the south could have been an attempt, at the last second, to return back over Malaysia. Why there were no attempts for the passengers or crew to call anyone is the larger mystery. Sudden decompression would cause oxygen masks to drop down, allowing crew and passengers to initiate emergency procedures. Something happened suddenly, causing all on board to become incapacitated in a very short time. Hopefully the flight recorder will eventually be found. All of this points up the changes necessary to bring aviation up to date. Google or Apple with their collection of electronic gadgets should targeting safety versus supplying consumer with the "latest and greatest!"
There are no cell towers in the middle of the ocean. This aircraft did not have the equipment to place cell calls or wifi.
"Something happened suddenly, causing all on board to become incapacitated in a very short time." It is confirmed that the first turn of plane was performed by pilots during 2 minutes ( not suddenly). So the pilot had enough time to push the bottom to conduct emergency on the ground. So your theory of sudden incapacity of pilots does not has a base.
So we still really don't know anything.
Another day, another theory. How about you stop speculating and just #$%$ until you have solid proof of what happened to the plane. I have a hard time believing that experienced pilots got thousands of miles off course in the wrong direction and didn't radio for help. I also have a hard time believing they waited 17 days to use this new satellite to determine where the plane went instead of using it right away. I'll start believing them when they actually have the wreckage and black box.
Start sacking these experts and officials!
Sounds like an awful lot of speculating. Even the announcement that they "may" have found debris from the aircraft. So far from what I've read and heard it's still not confirmed that flight MH370 is actually found. I feel sad for the relatives and friends of the missing passengers.
The Pilots tried to "save" the plane by making it as uncommunicative and invisible as possible. Then they flew for five hours or more to the most desolate place on earth to finish their rescue job! This is so absurd only an hard line Islamic myth maker would propound it much less believe it.
Oh wow, more speculation in the absence of real news and facts.
So does that mean that you can shut about the plane now and actually get to reporting news that is important to us instead of sensationalizing drama?
Until the bodies, plane wreckage and the all important black boxes are recovered and shown everything else is mute.
This just goes to show you how dangerously alone you are in a intercontinental flight. If the crash doesn't kill you, the elements and environment will.
Well, take a cruise ship (make sure the captain is not Italian) or drive... :-)
I'm not buying this GARBAGE - the transponder was turned off by a pilot - there was no mayday call which would have taken only seconds to do and could easily have been done when the plane was turning - if there was a fire the plane would not have been able to fly several hours - I know most people don't want to believe the pilot did this - but get real
All of this is speculation and conjecture; let's wait to see if they can find the plane and then draw appropriate conclusions. There's no real evidence to date!
I suspect the final answer on what happened will be the one that 'conveniently' minimizes lawsuits against the airline.
This article is well written because its author, Clive Irving, has taken a step back to defend the pilots and to compare it to the Air France tragedy which also could have been viewed as "suspicious." However, Irving does not explain very well what leads him to believe the pilots "tried to save MH370" other than their change in altitude. Irving does not explain why they would have flown *away* from land masses with several airports to choose from, and instead flew over a massive ocean with no airstrip options. I would have also have liked Mr. Irving to address why the Emergency Locator Transmitter which would have automatically sent an sos once it hit ground or as Malaysian authorities claim, went into the Indian Ocean, yet MH370's ELT never sent an sos? How could it be that a plane which was flying north to Beijing go on auto-pilot, turn around and fly without pilot control for 5 or 6 hours? Is this the new theory? Decompression in the cabin and plane would have knocked everyone unconscious making the pilots unable to communicate to air traffic control and rendering flight attendants and passengers unable to use their mobile phones or tablets to call/text/email? This seems very unlikely that a 777 could fly on autopilot for up to 2,000 miles/5-6 hours, until it ran out fuel and crashed? Also, why was it that when MH370 was allegedly flying back over Malaysia and allegedly Malaysian military's radar spotted the jetliner they did not request MH370 id itself? Since the plane's transponder malfunctioned or had been disabled, although MH370 would appear on radar, vital information about the plane would not. In any country when an unidentified plane enters the air space of a country and will not, or can not id itself to ground control and/or military-within a few minutes pilots are sent up to investigate yet this protocol did not happen with MH370? Then again MH370 was allegedly picked up on military radar by Royal Thai Air Force within a convincing time frame just after MH370's communications went silent yet they waited 1 week to inform Malaysian officials? Thai officials claim that the unidentified air craft never entered their air space so they did not investigate and did not tell Malaysian officials because they weren't specifically asked for this information? If their had been a fire or toxic fumes wouldn't someone on the plane have been able to call/email/text someone? Finally, I realized it was very early in the morning when MH370 lost contact and disappeared but when I've flown in early morning hours there are always, and I do mean, always, a handful of people chatting on their cell phones or instant messaging. MH370 was near land for the first hour of it's flight path so should have had mobile phone capability. The crew and passengers certainly should have had wifi and been able to email/instant message. Yet no one was in mid-conversation/text/im and it suddenly went quiet with any passenger on this flight? None of this story makes any sense.
...so basically the article was not "well written" just more nonsense.
George, I think Irving's "tone" is well suited in making an honest attempt to make sense of this mystery without automatically placing blame on the pilots. I had wished that Mr. Irving would have gone into greater depth about his theory and hope he does in future pieces.
I can't believe the arrogance of the media, all they did was report these very stories that this article now say is ludicrous. They were the ones who not only ran with these stories but also added their own 007 type theories.
A pilot who posted his thoughts several days ago concluded that they probably had an electrical fire. In such a case, you would want to shut down every electrical system possible on the plane. The crew probably succumbed to the smoke after they put the plane on autopilot and then crashed in the Indian Ocean after overshooting where they intended to make an emergency landing.
Firstly, the Malaysians authorities have NEVER insinuate that the pilots are the culprits. Semantics problem? Yeah. That might be it. Not every country in the world speaks English you know. But note that they NEVER did say the pilots are responsible for turning off the ACARS nor the transponder. I have a feeling you get all your resources mostly from foreign media who are more than eager to paint Malaysian authorities as incompetent. And might I state here that ACTUALLY, CNN was the first to point out that the captain MAY BE somehow involved in this tragedy seeing that a few hours before boarding, he was present when the court sentenced the opposition leader to a five-year prison term. This thing did not start in Malaysia. It started with the foreign media speculating this and that (like what you are doing right now). Malaysians weren't even AWARE where he was until CNN pointed that out.
English is widely spoken in Malaysia and has been. Its definitely not a language problem with relaying info.
To the pilot that made the comment "using a flight simulator to practice advanced maneuvers would be akin to a surgeon using the game operation to prepare for his next surgery" paraphrased as best I could because I had to log in to give you props for the brilliant analogy and lost your comment.
if the pilots did try save the plane why not send out a distress signal??? doesn't only take a push of a button to send out some kind of distress signal on a plane? whatever happened to this plane is very suspicious....we've all speculated about the different scenarios of what happened. If it was going to china from Malaysia how did some of the "wreckage" of the plane end up in the Indian ocean? Supposedly. What I fear is that; A. the plane is at the bottom of the ocean... just not sure which ocean. B. they crashed on an island and somehow were just not able to find them or C. Terrorist took over the plane and have hidden it on an island that's unhabituated and built a hangar that's cloak in a jungle and waiting till all military forces are called to strike somewhere. The whole hangar idea is pretty far fetched but since 9/11 i'm opened to just about anything. and...last but not least D. Aliens. Now I know what you're saying. I don't believe in aliens but like I said im opened to just about anything to this point.
The Thai position is curious. They say they tracked the plane heading west, but paid little attention because it was parallel to the border on the Malay side. But over Penang, as soon as they saw it turn towards them, there information flow stops. I think the Thais concluded early that they may had been the destination of a suicide mission. There is plenty of speculative motive for that.
CNN is going to be very disappointed if they are unable to distribute rumors and innuendos about flight 370. They were reaching for the lowest levels in their commentaries by people that didn't know any facts (how about the "black hole" and "alien abduction" stories).
CORRECTIONS! Officials or Malaysians didn't change statement. Foreign reporters change story that THEY started! Story started by The Mail UK that pilot might be involved. Then CNN and a few others followed that story and created a conspiracy theory. The probably now see that their theory is baseless and try putting the blame on Malaysians. What a sorry lot. Hypocrites!
the headline draws a conclusion that is far from evident. They first climbed over the ceiling which no pilot would do. They needed to get below 10K but only went down to 12k, so why all the sudden credit to the pilots?
I presume that there needs to be proper manner in which the plane signs off from one ATC and signs in to another ATC. As a matter of fact, the sign in to the other ATC must occur first and then only must the plane be permitted to sign off from the previous ATC. In this case, the MH-370 signed off first from Kaula Lumpur/ Malaysia and never could make contact with the next ATC in Vietnam. Proper Handing Over and Taking Over is a very important factor and almost followed worldwide in every sphere of life.
Sorry but you are wrong. You are given a new frequency to contact the next controller...you sign off with the present one and then contact the next one. The only time you talk to previous ATC controllers is if you are unable to contact the next controller.
There is a very well laid out system of handoffs, however, being that they were transoceanic and out if radar contact, it's much different and would have been impossible for them to be tracked.
Pilots did everything to save the plane ? Everything but number one procedure radio to tower ! The planes system may have very well been hacked or sabotaged. Nobody flies to their death for no reason. This plane was a ghost flight into the ocean that's why no radio contact and no attempt to save plane. Sounds like some type of setup for a sinister plan yet to be fulfilled ?
The writer of this article is clueless. Please don't write about subjects you know absolutely nothing about. Leave it to the professionals.
Ok, I'm getting dizzy here with all of these spun stories. Please stop until you recover the plane, black box, or survivors.
This theory is no more supported by the evidence than many others. Lack of information does not increase the likelihood of speculation being true.
What this proves is the human race is not that technologically advanced as we thought. You would think if a plane is going down in the ocean, a probe is launched by the plane that includes an emergency beacon that floats.
This is all BS. If they were trying to "save" the plane where was the communication to the ATC saying there was an emergency? This plane evidently flew for several hours so again, why no communication with ATC or a passenger using a cell phone. They're just trying to turn a pig's ear into a silk purse.
1st off the pilots should have used the radio, 2nd problems they were close to land they could have landed, ay any airport. They said good night!? over 200 passengers many have and had cell phones? Why make the turn to west? no flight recorder? Until they get black box we will never know just speculate. ALL airlines owe it to customers to have safety and emergency measures working at All TIMES!! At NO additional cost to customers. Its the 21st century cells can be located when in use planes should have several placed chips on wings tail computer engines etc. so location of airline can be tracked by all countries. Also get this Muslim terror thing under control by ALL countries. It and they need to be removed from planet earth.
Chester, please tell us you will not fly again.
Two weeks have gone by and this is the first article that has any common sense in it. There was no criminal, sinister, hijacking, black hole, Bermuda Triangle, insert mumbo jumbo here ______ conspiracy theory that we have even a tiny shred of evidence to support. Most likely the airplane malfunctioned or the pilots lost control, both of which account for about 99% of all aviation related accidents. Author got one part wrong in the article though - "(First officers do most of the flying anyway)" is not a correct statement.
Yeah, I can tell you he got a lot more wrong than that.
I can no longer draw an accurate opinion, based on the inconsistacies of this story, but it's my hope that no matter what happened to the plane... I hope death was fast and painless. It's all really sad, whether intentional or not.
I feel so sorry for all the relatives of passengers of the flight 370. But enough is enough. At one point they have to realize that they are not coming back Screaming and going into hysteria is not getting nothing done Malyssian don't know what happen, Stop blaming the government Is an act of destiny!!!!!
The one thing I have never seen discussed is that there were hundreds of passengers on board; probably 80% with cell phones and yet not one call was made? Says loss of oxygen to me and if so, wouldn't the ox masks have deployed?
Title doesn't match the reporter's story. Thank you yahoo for wasting my time.
Finally someone wrote an article with sense. I've wondering, as many others I'm sure, why the Malaysians kept information for so long, than provided conflicting info, than trashed the pilots, 11 days no info, so many days lost on searches in the wrong place. Did not accept international help. Makes you wonder, were they that unexperienced, lying or trying to hide something and make sure there were no witnesses. Either way, I hope that because of so many countries now involved, the truth will be told, although I wouldn't be surprised if it wasn't.
Boeing put out a warning back in August, and it said the 777 had a problem with fuselage cracking. In particular, it was cracking around the satellite antennas and the communications antennas on the plane. And if that was the case, for example on this one — it had just been in maintenance 10 days ago and also in June then it is no unreasonable to assume a major crack that could have taken out satellite atennas. Also it could have had a electrical fire that shorted out all electrical. The plane then could have become like Payne Stewarts a flying ghost ship with all on board incapacitated from lack of oxygen.
You can trust the Media to pull the wool over the eyes of the Sheeple and line their pockets with payoff money and approval from the rich and powerful who want to cover up the truth.
I’ve worked Aircraft my whole life and there are only 2 things that could have happen to this Aircraft. It suffered a catastrophic failure or it was hijacked, PEROID. The media has turned this into a dog and pony show instead of getting to the facts. First if it did suffer a catastrophic failure the wreckage would be most likely around the last transponder location. But if there was a problem and the pilots did tried to turn the aircraft around, the last thing they would have done was turn off their transponder. Second the fact that we know the aircraft flew for hundreds of miles after losing communications mean the aircraft was somewhat airworthy and could have landed, but something clearly prevented that. Is this the new world, where you can’t say terrorist or Hijackers? I would like more to go on, but information seem to be slow at best. My prays goes out to the families
You said all these words and finish with "I would like more to go on, but information seem to be slow at best. " so there are more than the 2 things you've come up with??
the other information I would like is there anyone claiming responsibility and the way they are releasing information its like they are trying to hide something. that what i meant by more information.
The pilots tried to save the plane??? Yeah, maybe ONE of them did. Sounds to me like someone informed the airline that potential lawsuits alleging negligence in permitting someone to pilot that plane who should never have been at the controls will bankrupt the company.
Officials CHANGE THEIR STORY, really? And this would be the first time? You are not journalists.
Sounds now like Malaysia Airlines is trying to divert the blame on someone else ( Like Boeing) so they won't have to take the insurance hit from lawsuits. They are coming up with all kinds of BS & blowing smoke.
The guy said goodnight and flipped the switch - now what story have they concocted?
If there arose a problem immediately after the pilot gave the everything ok, I wonder why they didn't turn back and try to land where they came from?
That was why they made a left turn?
I think they did and were headed for a landing strip on Pulau Langkawi. Search and read the article The Malaysian Jetliner: A Non-Conspiracy Theory by Chris Goodfellow. His theory makes the most since of every thing that I have heard.
Goodfellow's Theory is as bad as the belief that the Earth is flat.
I think they were turning back, but something went wrong, before they could land.
S john.. can you tell me why Goodfellows theory isn't viable. I don't know a lot about aviation, etc. I need an explanation from you so I can understand what is wrong with that theory.
there is one person that knows where this plane is and that is GOD. that's what people need to do is pray to our heavenly father for help!
If they were trying to save the plane, why was it in the direct opposite direction in the middle of the ocean?
Tell me, if they tried to save this plane why was every chance of communication shut off? They could have contacted the tower and call for help.
I really hated how this article was written. Sorry, Daily Beast, but smarmy and know-it-all don't win readers.
So what they're saying to the world is, the black boxes sank to an unfathomable depth in some unknown part of the Indian Ocean, and we will never recover them. And this will remain a "mystery."
No, what they're saying to the world is that they'll do their best to find the black box within the length of time they are known to continue the ping (30 days, but often up to 40 days), and they will continue to search the area for years to come. Undoubtedly, several nations will be doing submarine practice operations in the South Indian Ocean in the future. After all, although they knew where the Air France plane went down, it took them 2 years to locate it; they didn't stop looking then, why would they stop looking now?
"Have the Malaysians finally stopped trashing the pilots?" - Excuse me but when did Malaysian ever trashed the pilot/co-pilot? If you say the government, or the authorities, when? When they are busting their asses to investigate all angles, interviewing ALL the people involved? Mind you that foreign papers; DAILY MAIL specifically was the first one to published the stories about the pilot - by saying that he is an extremist and what not. Stop acting like you know everything about Malaysians.
I still find it odd that communications and transponder were disabled while other systems were working so that the plane could fly another 7 hours. If there was a catastrophic fire, could it have burned in an airplane for 7 hours?
Seriously who wrote this? Malaysia was critized by the 24/7 non-stop blatherings of the CNN hosts and their non-informed "expert" guests that was critical that the pilots' homes were not ramsacked even sooner. At no time did their people (malaysians) ever imply anything about the character of the pilots..again...it was CNN who with their ridiculous non-stop assaults decided it must be the pilots... I hope CNN has learned a lesson..over-covering a story is more dangerous than not covering it at all..even if your ratings were doing great. For every 30 seconds of information CNN tried to make 30 hours of news out of it. I have never seen anything like it in my born day. Meanwhile the Russians are in Crimea just in case they want to know and over 100 people are missing in the state of Washington..but don't let that interfere with your so-called news. Ted Turner must be crying in his beer.
"Highly unlikely anyone on ground or in plane used computer to hijack plane" Well, also pretty unlikely for flight to Beijing end up on its way to Antarctic.
Well they don't answer the question of if the plane continued on flying for 5 or 7 hours after the transponder quit how did that indicate the pilots were trying to get the plane down fast for safety? Was that report true or more misinformation? They were only an hour out of Kuala Lumpur.
Its all speculation. Its a Mystery that may never be solved. Feel so sorry for the families. I hope one day they do find it and perhaps they will know more at that time; but for now its all speculation.
It would interesting to know how it got so far south after turning north and then west.
I wish that the news would only report what they can confirm are facts. All these experts paraded on the news are expressing only opinions. Everyone has opinions but very few are aware of the facts. This 'ratings' news and not real news. Let's get real people. No one knows what has happened.
I always thought the Malaysians were way too eager to blame the pilots... no facts at all to base their suppositions on... when people get that defense, you can figure they are trying to hide something... like their incompetence or maybe just plain lack of knowledge.
It's impossible to know for certain with just partial information being given. The PR by the airlines has been atrocious. Just give all the facts and live with it. Quit trying to spin it or protect people.
Comparing this scenario to the French flight is idiotic. One was flying through a storm, the other through calm weather.
Now wait a d@mn minute! Just last week, the media was telling me that the pilots hijacked the plane and flew elsewhere, or that they were sleeper cell terrorists. Now you're telling me the plane crashed and that the pilots actually tried to save themselves and the passengers. Which one is it?
I thought mechanical problems from day one. I never thought terrorist or high jacked. I wonder now if we will ever know what happened? This is still such a tragedy. The media should be ashamed of how they inform people of news. They tell it the way they think it is not the way it was. Rest in peace to all of the people onboard.
I'm starting to think the Malaysian government sabotaged the plane, tried to blame the captain (to attack the opposition party), and have hindered the investigation to try to cover up what really happened.
It is amazing that now with 24 hour media, coverage can't be denied investigation. I wouldn't be surprised that some of the past airline accidents may have also been terrorist related but covered up due to protecting airline travel. If this was a terrorist act, it has put sophistication again on the melodic control of the entire world has resulted in fear.
This story is a load of #$%$. It posits a theory based on nothing but pure conjecture. Second, it fails to explain the transponder issue. The writer tries to make a point about what a transponder's function is, or what ground facilities can do with a transponder signal. That's not the point at all - the point is that IT WAS TURNED OFF!
If they were trying to save the plane you think they might have turned the transponder back on.
What if there was a zombie outbreak on the plane, like in World War Z, and the pilot knew that if he landed somewhere it would cause a world-wide zombie apocalypse, so he decided to turn off communications and fly the plane to the most remote spot on earth so no one would find it? And now, because of CNN and all this mania, we're going to find the plane and it's zombie passengers, and we'll have our apocalypse anyway, and this heroic act by the pilot will go for naught? That, or maybe there was a fire on board, and rather than crash over land, the pilot turned the plane and tried to depressurize the cabin to put out the fire but everyone was knocked unconscious so the plan flew into the ocean until it was out of fuel and crashed? Either or.
"First officers do most of the flying anyway"? What's your source on that malarkey? It's simply not true! The captain and first officer share the flying, dividing it 50-50. Normally we switch after every flight.
Until the black box is recovered, all of this is just speculation.
These are disrespectful and erroneous comments about AF447. Leave the reporting to professional aviation journalists.
People should review the SwissAir Flight that crashed outside Peggy's Cove Canada. An in flight fire in the entertainment system caused the loss of all aboard. The crew took some of the same action this article describes.
The pilots were all like.. yes lets turn off the transponder so that they cant find us easily.. for the greater good! Dont mind that we are muslims, we must get this plane safely into the air at an altitude that can kill all its passengers, to stop the uh.. falty wiring on the jet. Then we must safely land in the middle of the ocean to ensure any survivors have plenty of water to drink! yea i dunno, i would guess more criminal action considering what we do know. I dont think its a cover up conspiracy.. more of a 'really stupid investigators must be brushed under the carpet' thing.
you speak non-sense. shoot yourself whenever you get the chance please.
The theories have changed about 100 times now with no clear evidence to support any of it. First the pilots were guilty of some sinister plot to take down the aircraft, and now they're hero's. The theories about the flight path that the plane may have taken covers about 3/4 of the globe. I've never seen such a cracker jack investigation in my life. One thing learned from all of this is to NEVER fly on a Malaysian airline!!
I said this several days ago when it became apparent they flew back toward Malaysia. It has all the signs of a plane in trouble, and no sign of anything untoward. What is curious is why, if they had time to change course, there was no SOS.
I don't get this. They say without any doubt the plane crashed. But where's the proof? They say that the pilots were trying to save the plane after something catastrophic happened, but why did is supposedly crash over 2000 nmi from the point is changed course? If they were trying to save the plane then that course would have put them flying directly over Malaysia and Indonesia. I still don't believe their assessment.
Who knows how many past airline accidents were actually terrorist related and the cover up was to protect airlines from disruption of air traffic. The media now focuses to combine accidental and criminal investigation. If this event isn't terrorizing society and the world than before, its certainly a new challenge of sophistication. Seems like these crashes happen around before and after Olympic events.
There is no possible way a plane could go that far off course without a pilot noticing. It was ether a catastrophic failure like nothing ever heard of, or sabotage of some kind. I can't imagine turning off a transponder and encoding altimeter on a plane that big at night over the ocean. And not pilot would allow any other pilot to do such a thing without a fight. It's too late to find it this year, but the need to find the plane and retrieve the black box.
It actually has been 'heard of' by 8 other flights over the last 20 years.
I agree transponders and ACARS dont shut off by themselves and continue to fly for seven hours making turns accending and decending then crach in the roaring forties miles from anywhere.
If it was a fire, the cabin conditions would be difficult. My prayers are with the families for their loss.
I wish people would stop saying the transponder was "turned off". How about a fire destroyed it, or it stopped working? It could also be that conditions were so chaotic inside the plane, that they got confused and thought the transponder was malfunctioning and sending them in the wrong direction. They turned it off and headed in the direction they thought they should be going.
Like I said they are hiding something without a doubt.
The article shows that the transponder may have been disabled due to mechanical issue. Perhaps a fire. The article also shows that the pilot apparently PURPOSEFULLY changed course to get to the nearest airport.
It could have been an electrical fire, but I hate to think of how big it would have to be to cause all that. Very unlikely though.
The reporting and investigation into this catastrophe has just been appalling. Digging into the private lives of the passengers to figure out who was the target. It makes me wonder - if I was a passenger on a plane that went missing, what information would the government dig up on me to explain why a plane disappeared?
no jet or parts found = no jet data . SAN DIEGO ” Federal officials are conducting two separate probes into the San Diego Police Department that has been besieged by more than two dozen cases of officer misconduct, ranging from prostitution trafficing , drug smuggling , drunken driving to child rape, city and federal officials announced Monday that someone is going down for this .
Same as police everywhere... a new class of certified sociopaths.
Sounds to me that the Malaysians are swinging the blame more towards the Plane Manufacture? And less on them. Sooner or later some big bucks are gonna be paid out to the family's and seems to me that their passing the buck...
The bottom line is that without solid evidence from the aircraft they really don't know for certain what happened. The story has changed so much I think many people are mistrustful and looking for more concrete evidence.
It's all speculation at this point, nothing will be known for sure until the black box is recovered if ever.
This article lost me with the first sentence. Please skip the commentary and just report the news.
Let's all just keep guessing - it isn't like there are family members that have been hurt by this.
The sourcing of these statements remains obscure - and so does the data! This is still a wait-and-see event.
Finally, a common sense response. What is it with all of these so-called adults who are so enamored with conspiracy stories? Grow up people--not every disaster is connected to Muslims; the media jumps right into the fear factor and goads these nitwits to come up with all sorts of bologna. This story is the best explanation of a story that so far has none, yet people cling to their movie ideas of a "situation." Just pathetic.
But don't leave the public with only those observations, Clive. Please add the media who could not wait to publish every bit of misinformation to come their way.
The thing that concerned me was that the co-pilot was so young. How did he possibly have enough experience to pilot that plane in crisis mode, if it became necessary?
This VERY GOOD re-post by John: So if as the author states that it seems no sinister plot was involved please explain: Turning off the transponder(s). It had to be done manually and someone did it. When trying to save an airplane you don't take time to turn it off. The pilots not radios ANYTHING for help or what had happened. The fact the plane turned away from the nearest land mass and then flew for 7 more hours. If you have trouble, you are going to go to the closest airport. How can you think something routine happened and then it went bad and they just didn't call anyone, they decided, "What the hell. Lets turn off the transponder so no one can track us" and while we are at it...we are going to change course to fly away from all land masses!!! This is just like the media when the Boston Bombing happened....they kept saying how it wasn't Terrorism...over and over until they couldn't deny the facts and had to call it terrorism...but they even stayed away from that word and the word Muslim. Same as here....Its not terrorism or anything with Muslims, nor are the captains almost heroes!!! The Fort Hood shooting isn't called terrorism by the media but "work place violence" as Mr. Obama decided to classify it!!!
The questions that really bothers me is "Why all kinds of signals were cut off during the flight? If some witness saw the plane flying so low, that means that the passengers can use their cell phone and send messages outside. Why "All right, Good night" was the last message? Where are the debris from the plane? Hundreds of WHY and WHERE questions needs to be answered. Please look for the black box first before releasing info.
Wow, this is shockingly the exact same as Goodfellow's hypothesis/theory, put forth exactly 1 week ago. Funny that it seems almost copied-and-pasted, yet doesn't mention his name. Let's give some recognition to the guy who calmed down the mass hysteria the media attempted to create.
Finally someone says what most likely took place. all that time wasted trying to question the motives of the pilots. It was so absurd to try and blame them. I believe they did try to save the plane and turned it around for an emergency landing. They just must have been overcome with smoke, and the plane flew on auto pilot til it ran out of fuel. So sad we always want to look for the worst in people and EVERYTHING has to be terrorism.If this is what happened these men were hereos.
sam is correct....wake up guillermo and realize it was a sinister act
sam, like many, didn't read the article. God people are lazy! Straight to the comments section!
sam, the article explains that they may not have turned anything off but that whatever mechanical issue they had could've been catastrophic enough to disabled both systems. I hope that's clear now.
I'm convinced that that governments are lying and that none of them has even the slightest clue of what happened. They have no physical wreckage, just 'debris' floating in the ocean. Governments seem to be the last to catch on to the fact that they run by idiots and that no one trusts them anymore.
It sounds like they're fishing for the answer that best fits all interests and while keeping insurance or settlement payouts low.
What a bullcrap article. The plane was hijacked anybody could figure that out. The real question is what are these people covering up?
Clive Irving, the writer of this article "The Pilots Tried To Save MH370" is an idiot and has NO business writing. He has some of his facts wrong and does nothing but criticize the Malaysian government and makes them look as if it is THEM who is at fault for what happened to MH370. The Malaysian politicians are just that, politicians. The surrounding country's including the U.S. and the F.B.I. have studied and analyzed this catastrophic incident. These politicians are NOT airline pilots, aeronautic engineers, plane parts manufacturers, air craft mechanics or experts of any kind when it comes down to planes. These politicians were and have been working with EXPERSTS in their fieldS and they were ONLY telling the world what they were told at the time. So if the experts told them that the transponder was manually turned off, if they told them that a left turn was pre-programmed in the plane's computer, whatever they may had told them, the Malaysian authorities were simply stating what the experts believed was that caused the disappearance of flight MH370 was. How does Clive Irving know that the pilots actually did everything they could to save flight MH370? Captain Saha had a built in simulator where he would program different fights and train in it, this is why he was very proficient. This know-it-all Clive Irving want us to believe that Capt. Saha used the simulator as a highly sophisticated XBOX, where he would play games. Far from the truth. Has anybody been aware that the F.B.I. already came out with and submitted to the Malaysian authorities there conclusive evidence regarding the simulator? So I think that as long as physical proof has not been found, and the black boxes have not been recovered. Nobody really knows the truth. Everybody has their own thoughts. We may not be experts but we as the Malaysian authorities, go by what the experts say. The families of the missing passengers need to be more understanding with Malaysian authorities and not be so hard on them. I don't want to seem as being mean or heartless, but we all HAVE to die whether we like it or not. We all have a place and time where it will happen. Unfortunately for these 239 this was there place and time.
@r4zk41, wait....you said "We may not be experts but we as the Malaysian authorities" are you stating that you are part of the Malaysian government involved in this?
NO. I stand corrected if that is how I sounded. Sorry
@r4zk41, ok my man understood. It should be noted though that a large portion of his article is based upon the confirmed procedural checklist of vetted and verified pilots during a catastrophic situation. If in fact the plane had a rapid decompression there are only seconds to live not minutes. A US example would be that of the golfer Payne Stewart, the plane decompressed and continued on AP until it ran out of fuel and crashed. The distance of the suspected crash site is at the the full end of the range this flight had indicating that it flew until it was out of fuel. The criticism of the Malayasian Government by the writer is saying nothing more than they took a sensational approach at pointing fingers to the pilots to cover their lack of ability to offer a plausible explanation. Ultimately, although in my opinion not well delivered, is that he is saying that instead of tossing the pilots under they bus they should have said "Thank you for coming to our press conference but at this point we don't know sh1t" This is my opinion and only my opinion and I am exactly nobody, in short my opinion does not count at all.
This article is laughable. Tried to save the plane? Nonsense. It seems like the Malays are trying to shift blame to Boeing. However, where was the Mayday? No commo means a deliberate effort. It was not a catastrophic failure or the plane would not have been flying all over the place. Anyone who flies these backwater airlines is crazy.
This article tells us absolutely nothing.
Best theory I've heard so far is a fire on board, that they at least thought was electrical in nature. Shut down everything electrical but NAV, and get back on the ground as fast as you can. Crew overcome by smoke/fumes, plane continues on it's last programed course until it exhausts it's fuel supply.
There's too much fishy, and I still haven't seen proof that they've found any wreckage. One thing we can be sure of is that we'll never know the full truth about what really happened to Flight 370.
The press coverage has been atrocious to say the least. Don Lemon from CNN put on psychics and some moron who claimed the plane went through a Black Hole. MSNBC has been incompetent as usual and Meghn Kelly and Hannity from Fox aren't much better. All of these wannabe journalists should hang their heads in shame.
Over two weeks of speculation, and officials still don't have an answer. If you don't know, just say you don't know and get back to us when you do. If most working people played the guessing-game in their job and been wrong as much as these people, they would have been fired within a few days.
It's easy for big media to rush in condemning people without facts to get ratings.
A reasonable scenario, and more compatible with pilots personalities.
This whole article belongs in the 'comments' section as pure conjecture, which is what the rest of us are creating about this plane, given very sketchy info.
I hope the wreckage reveals some sort of mechanical problem, fire, etc. It's a shame that the pilots are perceived as being evil, when maybe it was something that was out of their control. They are no longer here to defend themselves. I would not want to be their next of kin having people saying these negative things about their loved one. Guilty until proven otherwise. What a shame.
The original theory was the Muslim pilots took the plane and killed all people. We all know the Muslims want to kill all infidels. Now why are they changing their story to try to make them look like heroes? There was no mayday signals and they intentionally lowered altitude and turned off transponders to avoid being caught or seen on radar. Somebody changed the flight path. I wonder who could have done that? It looks like a criminal act and I do not care what the liberal press is trying feed you.
Your brothers Joe and Moe are looking for you.
It looks like fire took out the transponder then the communications, then the people on board.
No not all Muslims are radicals that want to kill infidels. Most Muslims are nice people just like most Christians. Only some radical Muslims and Christians want to kill others.
Unfortunately, this statement tells us nothing at all.
Day after day and no news about this plane... I still think it's on the ground somewhere, possibly in Iran or Trukey?
This is such utter nonsense it makes me sick! The pilots "tried to save the plane" by flying back over Malaysia and NOT landing...by rising to 45,000 dangerous feet then dropping to 12,000 feet...and not turning back to Malaysia...AND flying for 7 more HOURS before dropping into the sea! Clive Irving and The Daily Beast, just how DUMB do you think we are? You're mighty dumb yourselves if you believe that hogwash you spouted out is going to convince anybody but a idiot!
Maybe they dropped 12,000 feet to let someone off!
Obviously, you missed the point of the article. If you even read it. Moron.
Need to stop with the theories, suppositions and possible scenarios. Show the proof. Concrete proof.
I've gotten so I've given up watching the news -- nothing but endless speculation. When you find the black box, let me know. Otherwise, I'll be watching NCIS and The Walking Dead.
For the sake of the families of the pilots, I hope this particular issue is somehow resolved - maybe by recovery of the black box at some point in the future. How sad to live with the feeling that your son/husband/father had somehow caused this tragedy if it wasn't the truth. We'll probably never know, but I feel for their families as well as those of all the passengers involved.
Those transponders shouldnt be able to be switched off. PERIOD. AND there should be a backup system of some sort that cant be found or turned off, too.
This article read like a poorly thought out English essay paper. Basically it is a rant full of personal opinion,with no new facts, or new information. Yahoo, once again proving American journalism is dead and gone.
In 1998 (I think the date is right) a Swiss Airplane went into the Atlantic Ocean near Peggy's Cove, Nova Scotia, Canada. The plane was trying to dump some fuel to get to the nearest airport "Halifax". The cause for the request for emergency landing was "smoke" but only in the cockpit. Later they investigation found that the newly installed entertainment system for the first class plus the wiring and material located near the wiring in the airplane was the cause for the quick acceleration of the fire. It seemed the smoke never made it to the economy section. So the people there would probably only at the last few minutes have known something was wrong. Now, the news is that there may have been smoke or toxin on board flight MH370. mmmh Maybe something similar? Was there something newly installed that could have caused the smoke or toxin? I wonder!!
In international waters, the US gets the lead on international terror, even though Obama will pretend differently to avoid responsibility for anything. Any moron should be able to tell the two Islamic middle eastern men with the stolen passports blew up the plane which shut off the transponders. They found the wreckage immediately, cleaned it up, and made up a ruse to the public with an obvious motive (which you could see if you weren't a complete dummy), to play dumb and stupid and pretend they don't know what happened. The media is complicate in this. So the CIA came up with this plan, which Obama rubber stamped, to play dumb in the false hope the terrorists would advertise who they are. Meanwhile, Obama has tortured the families for 17 days by hiding the truth even from them, and will continue to hide the truth from them and never give them closer. Obama, isn't going to do a thing, unless the terrorist's flat out confess, because he's too worried about covering his own #$%$ then he is the serious problem is Islamic terrorism. I just think he's a sick, sick man. Obama's got the lead here, but like with Libya, he'll be happy to pretend someone else does so he doesn't have to take responsibility for this abysmal failure. This isn't a political statement, it's a fact that he's an absolute puke and as evidence, look what he's doing to these families. It will come out eventually as someone involved in the clean up effort will sooner or later "tell all".
Hey Don, I'm definitely NOT a fan of Obama, but I think your rubber band is stretched a little too far...
@Don Stern, I would not doubt it.
They're saying all this to comfort the families, save face, and assure the public it's safe to fly.
Hoax-look at the crisis actor grieving. I bet he was laughing before getting into character like Robbie Parker
The conjecture by the media in this story since the beginning is appalling.
Give it a few days and the media will be calling for sainthood for the pilots. What a crock.
From all the information that's being put out there. None of it seems to add up. I feel like they just keep coming up with possibilities until they get one that the majority of the people will buy into. I don't think we've heard the real story yet. And maybe never will.
I don't know why all the speculation is neccassary, just say that you don't know and are working on the problem. It is at least honest.
We will never know what happen.. Another life mystery. My hearts goes out to the family!!
The author just shoots down everything WITHOUT offering his version of what happened INSTEAD?
The transponder getting turned off is a problem but more troubling is what happened to radio communications let alone the other methods they have available post 911 like the teletype? They were within range? Those heavy's have phones on them as well. There's something not right about this, not right at all.....
if the plane went down where they say it did, just how did they expect to save it in one of the most remote ocean locations on earth?
you mean salvage it? good luck with that if it did go down in the Indian Ocean. It's one of the deepest. No need to risk more lives for a salvage operation.
Reminds me of what happen in 1999 when a learjet flying from Florida to Texas with the golfer Payne Stewart onboard. When the pilots did not respond to a call to change radio frequencies, and there was no further contact from the plane. The plane was, apparently, still on autopilot and angled off-course, as observed by several U.S. Air Force and Air National Guard fighter aircraft as it continued its flight over the southern and midwestern United States. The military pilots observed frost or condensation on the windshield (consistent with loss of cabin pressure) which obscured the cockpit, and no motion was visible through the small patch of windshield that was clear. The jet crashed in North Dakota when it ran out of fuel. It was later concluded by investigators that the plane suffered a sudden loss of cabin pressure and that all on board died of hypoxia.
That's exactly what I was saying yesterday, it could very well be this scenerio
Did they roll down a window?
I've thought the very same thing from day 1.
I agree...tragic accident...too much news and they start "reaching" so they have a story!
Seven or eight husbands, fathers, sons, plus a wife and you want to make a joke. How stupid you are
It was fast also, I think it was 12 or so minutes from takeoff until they lost contact with the plane
Except it is nothing at all like that. The plane was so small, everyone was affected at the same time by the lack of oxygen. The Malaysia flight had hundreds of people on board, many of who had cell phones.
The crash was in South Dakota, but agreed.
Was the transponder on the Payne Stewart plain turned off? Why did it wind up in the Dakotas when it was flying to Texas? Did some one tamper with the FMC before or during the flight? (Trick question). You are comparing apples and watermelons when you compare cabin depressurization times between a Boeing 777 and a Learjet 35. A Boeing 747 flying out of Hawaii had a cargo door blow off taking an additional section of the plane out that was as big as the door. That is a massive breach of the airframe pressure vessel yet the flight crew and the passengers had time to put on oxygen mask and the landed the plane. I'm having a hard time accepting an unintentional cabin depressurization was the cause for the loss of this airframe.
out of all the comments, pansie and mcc seem to be the smartest.
YOU IDIOTS don't know anything so SHUT UP!!! the difference between the two planes' technologies is extreme!!!! There is nothing similar about these two events!!! The "autopilot" does not account for anything OTHER than the final course ...... that is NOT an explanation of all the "reported" data. There is obviously more to this story. The current "evidence" released to the public does not suggest an ACCIDENT, but rather suggests a deliberate act.
10 days ago I commented that the pilot was most likely tried to save the plane and I got 9 thumbs down immediately! #$%$!
@its Being so high up in the air, you do realize that you can't use your cell phone? Next time you fly, turn on your phone and see how many bars you get. I think you're confusing a cell phone and the capabilities of a satellite phone.
This was my first thought as well. It's very possible that either depressurization, or worse, smoke caused everyone onboard (including the pilots) to suffocate within minutes of the plane turning around. Personally I believe it was a ghost flight within minutes of making that turn. That's not nearly as compelling of a newstory as terrorist or politically motivated suicide pilots, but it is the most logical, and in my opinion likely scenario.
And it somehow just flew on for 5-6 hours...with a fire/smoke/depressurized cabin?? It changed directions so much so that it just skipped over all possible landing airports? The pilot/s reprogrammed the direction to go straight into the Indian Ocean? There are too many "plot" holes in this theory to be valid. In the end we don't know much, and probably will not likely know what "really" happened for years to come or maybe ever. One thing I'm almost certain of is that it WASN'T mechanical.
not only too high for cell service, but no cell towers in the ocean anyway, and very sparse in that region on land.
The difference here I think, is Islam. Sorry, but it casts a shadow of doubt in my book. Any other religious background operating the plane, reminds me of the Payne Stewart tragedy as well.
That's what I think happened here ....or as someone suggested a malfunction of some kind left the plane filled with smoke. That would have caused a similar occurrence as what happened in 1999.
But none of this answers the question why they didn't communicate this to anyone. Are we to believe that a commercial airliner has no backup communications equipment? I mean if they were able to descend and still fly to some degree, you'd think there would be some power. While this is a good article, it just doesn't make sense when you put everything together.
Here we go with the wild accusations that Yahoo and every other news media will be speculating for years. No one knows what happened to that flight and may never know.
The truth of the matter is: All of this is speculation, and in the absence of the flight recorders--what happened will remain a mystery for all time.
I tend to agree with most people who say there was some kind of catastrophic loss of oxygen or some related problem in the plane. Just the fact that no one called out, that the pilots seemed to make no demands, and that the plane just flew for hours until it presumably ran out of gas and fell into the ocean, points to an accident for me. All these theories of terrorism, pilot suicide, etc just seem ridiculous to me. There was, from what we can tell, no note left (it would appear that most suicides have a note left over, or the signs are there), and the terrorism idea seems kind of empty considering no terrorist groups have come forward, and there was never any demands or contact made with the governments. The idea that the governments of these countries somehow orchestrated a massive coverup when they actually shot down the plane seems to complex and ridiculous to be true. More than likely this was some kind of accident which caused CNN to subject us to non-stop reporting and theories, pumping up this non-story (at least it wasn't as much of a story as they made it out to be). It's just sad that our news has to revolve around ONE story - as thought nothing else is going on in our world except this plane. Sure, it's a good mystery, but come on CNN - not that I ever had much respect for you, but you have definitely lost someone who might even casually watch your network. I am extremely annoyed with anderson cooper now too.
Malaysia officials are lying because their government owns 52% & wants to quash law suits. Pilots DECLARE an emergency at the start---but no radio transmissions here! Even if the radio was down, there were 100s of cell phones on the plane, and there's an emergency cell available to flight attendants.
The media as a whole should be disposed of ... perhaps on an airplane ... headed for the deep dark crevices of the unknown ... HOW DARE THEY ... ridiculing the dead prior to having all of the facts ... SHUT THE #$%$ UP media ... until you know POSITIVELY what you should report or shouldn't report ... you biased sobs should be ashamed of yourselves now ... TODAY ... and always ... as you report lies over and over and over.
Yes, dispose of all media.... fascists throughout history have felt the same way.
Hey ... if the media would only report the FACTS ... they do not and you know it. Everything that we learn via media intervention is slanted for varying reasons. I was in Europe during a major altercation -- what was happening there vs. what was being reported here were two entirely different scenarios. The media has its agenda ... I refuse to accept their agenda. Think about it, the pilots during this recent airline incident, have been thrown under the bus ... the media jumping to all kinds of ridiculous conclusions -- when in fact, this was simply a sad accident. It all makes me sick.
I these pilots were good men, no way do I believe they did anything other than their best to save themselves and everyone else.
There is a lot of talk and claims of what might have happened to flight 370, but so far no actual proof has been presented.
From the beginning of the Flight 370, Malaysia has shown the world her total incompetent government. Malaysians are lying, hiding, and delaying the facts. So Malaysians can say what they want. There is no real evidence of what they tell the world. What a backward country she is!
There is no evidence to prove anything and we may never know what really happened. There have been so many stories, theory's etc. The media needs to stop reporting these "what may have happened" stories. We have heard them all.
The Malaysian's have been lying to everyone for three weeks now. Who really believes that the pilots tried to save this plane? Turning off instruments, no communications, changing course, flying for more than 7 hours off course? Come on.
The Lithium batteries in the cargo hold caught fire, cabin filled with smoke, pilots tried to turn around the plane and disconnected the electrical systems (or the fire disabled them), they ran out of oxygen, plane flew until it ran out of fuel. Period. Done. Nothing more. Find the box and learn I'm right.
What I got out of this article is that hindsight is always clearer.
Well you say turning off the transponder would not make the plane invisible to radar. Why have we had such a hard time tracking it then? What earthly reason would someone take a jet to 45,000 feet in an attempt to help the situation? What about the phone call made by the pilot just minutes before take off? Stop covering it up. It was a muslim pilot who took actions to crash the plane. This is not a Payne Stewart type of situation. Muslims.
It's nothing uncommon to take an airplane with a fire on board past 40,000 ft in the attempts of starving that fire of oxygen to put it out.
The families of the Asian families are admittedly grief stricken but they are also going a bit crazy in demanding the return of their loved ones. The plane has been missing for over 2 weeks, that it probably crashed, killing all on board is pretty much given. I'm sure the folks with family on the 9/11 flights also wanted the return of their loved ones but that wasn't happening either.
It is not unusual for cnn to report hearsay or allow facts to get in the way of reporting.
The world will never really know what happened, there has been a lot of hear say, wild guessing, experts expressing their opinion. Malaysia should focus now on finding the wreckage, retrieve bodies for the families, get hold of the black box and then put together the pieces of events from there. Stop the talking and show more action!
I don't think we are ever going to really know what happened to this flight.
It seems if this whole thing were some kind of terrorist activity, the "group" would publicize what they have done- or at least supported it. What is the point otherwise? I have formed the same conclusion: unless something more substantial is found than the evidence they have now, it was some kind of bizarre accident.
I would agree that it was a mechanical failure if it hadn't flown 2500 mile off course. 100 miles Ok, 500 miles well maybe, 1500 mile?? really, but this thing flew until it was way out of it prospective fuel range, 2500 mile from the point of last contact and the looks of the search are it is closer to 3000 miles. Can a jet fly by it's self that far if it is having mechanical failures?
Are we still writing articles speculating about the flight? why not start writing speculation articles about when the US economy will crash and burn. until they find the wreckage and black box shut the hell up Yahoo..
As frustrating as it is for the families affected, hearing "we do not know what happened to the plane" is better than a new theory every other day by the Malaysian officials.
I have been saying over and over on all of these posts that my feeling was that their was a catastrophic event on that plane and that the reason it got turned around was one of the pilots, before he succumbed to the incident, was able to reset the course to return home. He did that but was not able to do anything else. The plane got close to home but then just kept on going right past Malaysia and flew until it ran out of fuel. What is so hard to understand about this scenario? Sudden decompression could have taken out a lot of the electrical systems but left the auto pilot intact. Once programmed, these planes fly themselves until some one changes something. The pilot could have had time to reset the course and altitude and the plane would do what it was told to do even after the pilot was dead. SO why has everyone scolded me and told me I didn't know what I was talking about? NO! I don't know exactly what happened, but I am now 71 years old and have been flying some pretty darn sophisticated air craft since I was 16. Like probably every other pilot in the world by now I have pictured myself in that cockpit and asked myself what would be the first thing I would do in a decompression emergency assuming I could still function even a little bit. I would do what I was trained to do. Change course back to home or to the nearest airport and and rest the altitude down below 10,000 feet. Apparently without any further input this plane passed within a couple of hundred miles of where it took off from. That is pretty darn close to home, maybe 1 degree off of compass setting. After that it just kept the course and flew until it ran out of fuel. Too bad no one in Malaysia noticed its return. A couple of jet fighters could have intercepted it and looked to see damage in the fuselage. It is not always the pilots fault.
Practically what Ive been saying all along too sir. Most likely the lithium batteries they were carrying caught fire. Only I thought the 777 used them like the 767.
why did tracking radar turn off? and no communications, not a peep? prob a ghost plane like payne stewerts plane but no tracking ?... seems all to coincidence. smells deliberate.
Dude...I'm not even a pilot and I've been saying not exactly what you said but along those lines while everybody else is claiming they knew from the beginning it was a hijacking blah blah blah. People so desperately want to believe there is something bigger when a big event hits the news. I guess to make the world more exciting cuz their personal life is so boring.
I agree with the above, and deem the pilots Heros. Yes, Heros. Think about it. If they hadn't turned the plane around, it would have flown up the coast of China, near Taiwan, over the US 7th fleet, near the Koreas, near Japan, and near Vladivostok. It surely would have been shot down, or endangered heavily populated areas, and the situation would have been worse. The world was on edge with the Russian annexation of Crimea, and add in a shooting down of a commercial airliner - boy! it just would have been a worse situation. So...IMHO, the pilots are Heros.
I thought something similar too, for some time now. Although I'm not a pilot. It was quite possible or, very possible, that pilots tried to save it, when they were still alive. It looked like passengers, most likely, were dead or unconscious very quickly, that's why noone send text, or any kind of info (which would be rather different in case of hijacking, always someone was able to send a message). The pilots probably tried to get to the nearest airport, but they weren't alive when the plane got near there. And it simply flew until it ran out of fuel. What strucks me is why Vietnam didn't start looking for the plane right after it failed to report. Why didn't Vietnam contact Malaysia that their plane did not show up on their territory. They could have known when the plane was still flying. Or perhaps they did have some info, from military radars for example, but ignored them, didn't do anything about it. Maybe that's the reason they didn't give any information for 11 days, then gave conflicting reports, than tried to blame the pilots etc. Could it be possible that they knew they messed up and simply were covering their #$%$*es?
It makes me laugh. It is well known that when you want to save a plane, you take it on a corridor in the middle of nowhere, with no way of landing, in the middle of the Indian Ocean.
You can't discount any theory at the moment, though no theory should be pushed as "the answer", either. If there were a fire inside the cabin taking out their equipment, their first concern may have taken steps to extinguish it (go to high altitude and bring back down) before trying figure out a path to safety. The fire may have taken out the communications and transponder. At some point, the system failures or fire may have rendered the crew and passengers incapacitated and the plane simply flew on with no direction until it ran out of fuel. The pilots may even have realized they were losing consciousness and set a path AWAY from anywhere it could crash into populated areas. While that scenario is seemingly odd or unique, you can't dismiss it as ridiculous either. However, the author of this article should NOT be pushing it as the explanation. Until we find the wreckage and bodies and determine cause of death, it's anybody's guess. Pushing theories or dismissing them as ridiculous are both a mistake.
What about the experts comments that with the plane dropping to 12,000' it never would have reached the crash site in the southern Indian Ocean since the fuel usage at that height is twice as much as at 35,000'?
Everyone including the press should quit speculating and wait for the facts... I watched a news story last week on one of the major networks where a retired general claim he had creditable evidence the plane was hijacked and flown to Pakistan. They should have him on to explain where he got his facts.
I think that CNN, in particular, grasped this story and milked it until it was dry. Dozens of stupid ideas and "breaking news" every few minutes. CNN was once respected as a top news station, but now it is often gutter press stuff, with advertising every few minutes.
If in fact the plane turned AFTER the last verbal contact, then it was probably a sudden fire that turned off the transponders. The smoke made everyone unconscious, and the plane flew until it ran out of fuel. What else seems more plausible?
There has been so much spin and double talk on this story, how are we supposed to believe anything that comes out of their mouths anymore? I usually try to apply common sense and reason, but this case is so mixed up, it's time to bring on the ALIEN THEORY. Beam me up Scottie!
Total BS article. Offers nothing in support of headline - instead just goes on to bash the Malaysians. At least they are not attacking other countries because of this tragedy.
Nothing will be for sure till the Black Box is recovered then we should know everything.
If there had been a fire, such as happened to the Air Canada flight, electrical systems tripped and lost power, or a loss of pressure, such as the commuter jet pro golfer Payne Stewart was on, which changed course and flew until fuel ran out, it would account for the path of flight 370. The loss of pressure caused low oxygen, affecting all onboard.
Why don't you get back to us when you have the facts instead of speculating about the rumors.
Perhaps airports should also suspend all security procedures before it is suggested that any innocent travelers have something to hide. God forbid that anyone should flirt with such a potential defamation. This is the world we live in, sir. When something sinister does happen, you may be the first to point out all the mistakes and oversights in security that might have prevented a tragedy.
Tragic as this is I decided to forgo readign the news about it and wait for the movie. All the news was just a distraction tactic to take focus away from what is happening with Russia and the US once again taking unwarrented action, or has everyone forgotten that already?
At what point do we come to the conclusion that we will never really know what happened. As humans, our need to know is all consuming, especially when a tragedy occurs. In the meantime, we jump from theory to theory to theory. To all the people who have lost loved ones, give them sympathy.
If they had a problem with the plane, wouldnt they have contacted the control tower when they turned back? They said all was good and good night. None of this makes sense. I think the media need to get the facts straight before they throw a bunch of lies out and blame others.
These extreme reactions to the "sudden" news of death is bizarre. China abases and dehumanizes its people daily, yet now Malaysia is the problem. Airplanes are machines and defy gravity. At times the machine will fail and gravity will out.I am saddened, but hundreds of thousands die each day through intentional human indifference or hatred.
Kind of looks to me that based on the fact they have not yet recovered the flight recorders fro the aircraft that this version is the same as all the rest, a big hypothetical story.
More hype. This story is so worn out. Give us the news when there is news. It's sensationalism at its finest. Give me a bone I can chew on, then maybe I'll bend my ear. You got two hundred people dead, and the media cares about nothing other than ratings. It's perverted and sick. It really is sick. There isn't much to do other than help those who loved the victims, and to find the cause of the event. That's pretty much all we can do. Conjecture and hypothesis is all I hear. I don't hear anything that is breaking news even when the media calls it such.
James, you are absolutely correct, the families should have faced reality a long time ago, their family members were dead when that plane lost contact--and of course, no one is stupid enough to believe that anyone hijacked a plane that old with that many passengers to fed or kill off--get real planes crash, and these families are not the first families to encounter such a disaster--give it closure, have a memorial and move on with your life. If someone was hijacking a plane they for sure would get a new one and an empty one.
Just recently on NPR I heard an interview with an experienced pilot who has written training manual and is an expert in his field. He had doubts that the plane ascended above 45,000 feet (a huge drop in air pressure) and also questioned the alleged rapid decent to from that altitude to 12,000 feet (extreme G-forces). His assertion was that either of those moves would have badly damaged the plane and rendered the crew and passengers unconscious.
Maybe that was the sinister thing that actually happened. Maybe - for whatever reason - someone(s) were deliberately trying to knock out all on board.
I guess the author never assessed the possibility of the two senior officers wanting the newbie to gain experience flying in bad weather. Accidents happen in when training new pilots fairly often; this is why flight simulators are used. But if we do not allow them to practice on actual planes, we would soon be left with unexperienced officers.
I still don't understand why satellite data from other countries keeps trickling in slowly. You would think that countries with relevant satellites would pull the data within a few days of the accident, analyze and hand it over to the Malaysians.
What the heck did I just read? Not only are you helping with the confusion of reports by your article's title, but let me get this straight, they tried to save the plane, so they took it to one of the most remote places in the word? Yeah, okay.
They tried to save the plane for 8 hours... "No. That land isn't good enough. Let's fly back over the ocean and find some better land to land on."
I'm an aviation expert, and I'm here to provide you with the most important fact: That plane is no longer flying.
Stop reporting gossip. When you have the answer pleas report it then.
There was an unusually large consignment of lithium-ion batteries on the cargo manifest. The organic electrolyte in lithium-ion batteries decomposes at very high temperatures, generating very toxic fumes typically containing compounds of fluorine and arsenic. They erupted and dispersed gases into the ventilation system
This is what happens when the media rapes a story over and over and over again. I blame the media for shoving non facts in the headlines. From what I hear, a few ideas and discoveries weren't supposed to be in the news.
Nice theory and a good effeot in deflecting the blame to the jet. Does the author work for the airline or the insurance carrier? If it was a malfunction the lawsuits will be blamed on Boeing, pilot error Malaysian Air. Hmmm follow the $$$$$
basically it's anything the Malaysias will do to "save face"
The FBI is poring, not pouring. Journalism is dead.
So we are to believe the Malaysian government and their continuing line of changing stories? I smell a rat - one that is trying to blame Boeing rather than accept responsibility for their own horrible security system.
This is the most inept investigation in the history of aviation. Which way is the wind blowing today? Wait, the next statement will come from which way the wind sock is pointing.
Sure they did after they changed the flight path 2000 miles into Southern Indian oceon? Sounds like someone is worried about Law suits against Airlines.
If I recall, it wasn't just the Malaysians trashing the pilots.
ANALYSIS: PILOTS MAY HAVE TRIED TO SAVE PLANE, or not.
The trouble with all this rhetoric is there is absolutely no evidence on when, where and why this airplane went down. There is tons of speculation but no hard evidence at this point in time. So believe what you want. Until they find pieces of the plane I will not believe there speculation.
Somebody knows something they are not telling. None of this makes any sense.
Without data, all you have is opinions.
This reminds me of Benghazi...the people that know something aren't talking or are lying.
path of 370 was planned out route that normally, even to trained pilots. would have made that plane impossible to find. Remember this is first time Satellites used to track missing plane route. Without knowing satellites capabilities nobody could have made this plane disappear.
Mr. Irving, your condescending tone suggests you knew the statements from the Malaysian government were erroneous from the beginning. Why didn't you let the rest of us in on it prior to yesterday's official announcement?
Someone in the press needs to inquire if this airplane was modified per Boeing Service Bulletin 777-35A0027 and FAA Airworthiness directive 2012-13-05. This was the result of the Egyptair 777 that burned in Cairo from an oxygen fed fire. Such a fire would have burned through the hull depressurized the airplane and left the pilots without oxygen because it would have leaked out of the ruptured line.
Not all officials agree on cause of Egypt Air. U.S. still believes crash was on purpose to take out military leaders.
No, you are thinking of EgyptAir 990, a Boeing 767 off of Long Island which was an intentional pilot action. The action I am speaking of was an Egyptair 777 at the gate in Cairo that burned. Read the Airworthiness Directive 2012-13-05
It wasn't only Malaysian officials pointing fingers, the media in the US did a pretty thorough job of trying to throw the pilots under the bus.
How about they all keep quiet until they have found and weighed all the evidence and facts then give it to us. Speculation at this point is useless to us (layperson) and those who lost love ones.
As for that flight simulator...NOTHING ever gets deleted from anything these days. I doubt he was the one. But where are the loud-mouthed terrorists who usually take credit for anything as disastrous as this huge airship going down?
Another day another story. If the pilots were trying to save the plane, what was it doing way in the midst of the ocean so far off course?
They have trashed this situation so badly, that I don't know what to believe.
I agree with James, stick to the facts Raw data will tell everyone what really happened. Pray for the families and for the people who are trying to get the facts concerning this matter.
Here's a thought. Instead of a bunch of maybe this or maybe that. Let's just wait and see what the Black box has to say and then we can stop with the friggin speculation and discuss the facts. There was a time in this crazy world that news reporters actually reported the news instead of sitting around making a bunch of Sh*$ up.
Good luck with finding that black box.
It was obviously caused by Global Warming.
I would agree with there being no foul play if there was any communication between the pilots and ATC, but there wasn't.
I would have more respect for all concerned if they just said.. We have no idea what happened but we are putting all our efforts into finding the plane and THEN we hope to know what happened.
"They" aren't saying much. It is the illiterate press that is trying to make a story without any facts.
Indeed, the transponders probably caught fire and actually between two areas is the area of highest chance for them to ignite. That also filled the plane with smoke.
Looks more and more like a weird accident. By now there would have been evidence of terrorism. Nothing of any significance has been found among the pilots' possessions. No obvious fanaticism, mental issues, nothing. The Malaysian authorities are trying their best to handle this but are obviously inexperienced at handling the investigation and navigating the international pr machine which can be brutal and unforgiving. My prayers go out to all involved.
So in other words, the Malaysians have not a fricken clue as to what happened to that plane.
MAy never know the story, but as sinister as some of the theories sound, I tend to think there is a simpler explanation.
Well, at least someone knows what is consistent with a sinister act.
Someone knew exactly what they were doing for this plane to end up in the most unlikely place to find it.
Kinda ironic when you read an article from the media saying "dont jump to conclusions" when up til now thats all they have done...We need to break the story FIRST, not necessarily accuratly.
I feel so badly for the families. All of this speculation just puts them through more hell. Nobody knows anything for sure other than 240 people are now gone. Until the black box is found-if it is ever found-Im done reading articles based on supposition and not fact.
Malaysia is trying to reduce their liability.
Until there is physical evidence there is nothing. Period.
The media should be ashamed for writing this BS and all the other BS it has spewed during this entire tragedy. It is nothing more than speculation, yet they spin it as though it is gospel.
With all the theories and speculation, this writer is only debunking theories with nothing more than his own opinions. He might be correct, but after the events of 9/11/01, ignoring every possibility would be negligent and ignorant.
Sounds like a well placed device took out communications and started a fire. Smoke filled the cabin & cockpit and the crew lost consciousness before they could reach a suitable landing site.
Question? is 45,000 feet enough altitude to extinguish a fire? if so then the pilot did the only thing he could do to handle the fire scenario, ask any WWII bomber pilot.
If the plane could actually climb to that altitude, I agree. It was a good gamble. I don't know the answer to that, depends on the nature of the fire. What is burning and how fast?
They don't know what happened? What happened to MAY DAY, MAY DAY, we are in trouble need to land! that never happened nothing was said. They can see pieces in the water, pieces of what? until they have confirmed proof that is the plane, everything is up in the air. Nothing should have been said until it is confirmed. The malaysia government just wants it to go away, they could care less about who died. These people are just idiots.
Where were the mayday calls? Why on earth turn off the transponders?
Little public consideration of any connection between Capt. Shah's family allegedly moving out of the family home the day before the flight. Why? May or may not be important in terms of personal threat or motive.
once the fbi uses c.o.f.f.e.e. and other programs. they can get to see what was deleted as long as nothing else was written over those sectors on the hard drive
They made up those so called satellite pings to completely divert peoples thinking. Where was that data on day, two, three and so on.
How can they tell the families of 239 people that they know where the plane went down before they even confirm that the debris they sighted is from the aircraft? How can the Malaysian government be so coldhearted as to send text messages to the families that the plane has been lost? What kind of game are they playing and why?
The airline doesn't want to take responsibility for a possible plane defect.
so now, if this latest news is true, the ball is back in BA's corner, if not weather, pilot error, terrorists, then something with the aircraft? making the search all the more important, as other 777's could have an undetected problem.
Sounds to me like the Malaysian government is trying to divert responsibility away from the pilots in anticipation of future lawsuits. Since the airline is government owned, they would be hit with lawsuits big time if the pilots were thought to be at fault in any way.
Because dead people tell no tales, we shall never know what exactly happened on that plane. It could've one's death wish or it could've have been Mother Nature being a #$%$, or it could've been some technical fault in the plane's design. The world's press gets a field day with this story.
First the pilot(s) was/were suicidal; now they're heros; first it was terrorism, not it's mechanical; first it was that there was no chance of smoke or cabin pressure problems; now it's that there is a good chance it was cabin pressure or smoke issues; first it was in Pakistan; now it's off Australia. First there was no chance of flammable lithium ion batteries in the cargo; now it's that the plane carried that very cargo. I wish the U.S. or some other country could've been put in charge of this fiasco. Anyone but the Malaysian government. My sympathies with the families. What a roller-coaster ride they've been on.
Not so sure I would believe much the U.S. would say these past five years about anything.
It looks real easy from your chair doesn't it
Have you watched American media lately? A lot of those crazy scenarios were posed by our own media, who are quick to report whatever, and leave the fact checking behind.
^ yeah because during the reign of baby bush we had A LOT of trust in the government lol
Where is the switch to turn off the transponder located? Are there other switches around it that the pilot may have trying to set to deal with an emergency situation that would have included a change of course and altitude? Speculation without some degree of facts and evidence is at best useless and potentially misleading.
The media has turned this into a circus performance. What remains utmost is that there are families and friends who lost loved ones in this tragedy. All the speculation does nothing to help, it makes this into a news blitz to get coverage. We may never know what happened, as happens so often in these incidents. My prayers are for the victims.
In the context of a recent (days ago) emergency landing by flight MH066 in Hong Kong due to mechanical failure, this supposition is much more plausible than deliberate destruction of the aircraft by crew or passenger. Wonder why the news organizations aren't discussing this more???
Are You Kidding Me? Malaysia is covering up something nefarious here...even an idiot would know that.
Yes there may have been a mechanical problem and plane took off computer and descended to 12000 feet, BUT this size plane without control could not cruise at 12000 feet for 4.5 additional hours in straight line
Just more speculation and theory's based on zero facts. I only hope that someday the facts are established, and the family's get closure. May the victims rest in peace.
it seems all the vitriol comes from people who really know nothing about flying, etc. they have had no training, but seem to give all the information of what they know and must have all the credentials to prove so. maybe we should have employed all these who have commented to let them solve the problem. case closed.
We can not take a small pen knife on board to cut our seatbelt in an emergency BUT they allow pallets of lithium batteries on planes (that have caught fire 120 other times)... Does anyone see a problem here? Perhaps the cargo needs to be looked at better and some items just should not ever fly...
although I agree one should be permitted to carry a pen knife, I don't think a) there would be a situation where the buckle would not function, and b) a pen knife's blade would be insufficient to cut seatbelt webbing.
OK, Not a pen knife but how about my 4 inch boating knife that is serrated to cut line / rope? And if everyone had them then no terrorist would have a chance because dhaaa we all would have knives... As for using them to cut seatbelts? I was flying an aerobatic plane that crashed. I was upside down with fuel dripping on me and I had 2 TWO seat belts to get undone. Remember, being upside down puts all of your weight against the belt making it very hard to undo, if not almost impossible. A knife in a situation like that is truly a life saver. That is why all military pilots carry a small switch blade in their flight suit (to open with one hand in case their other arm is injured or missing...) If you always have a knife like that on you then you are also ready for a car wreck to help yourself or others. Once a kid was trapped in the back of a car that was totaled and we who went to help get him out could not because we could not get the seat belt undone. It had to be cut... I ALWAYS have my knife (and I stopped flying years ago,,, too unsafe where the stupid rule and the Sheeple die because of it)...
No one knows what happened to make flight 370 end in disaster. Wreckage recovery may provide clues or even answers. However, the probability is that we will never know with certainty. I do know that identity checking at the airport especially of those with stolen, altered or without passports is a necessity for safety. E.G.: Those two Iranians with stolen passports should have been arrested at check in.
What a shock. An article is created blasting speculation, and then proceeds to speculate on what happened
This is like reading a really good mystery then finding out that the last pages are missing.
I don't know about you but I am tired of the MSM making up #$%$ as they go along because they have nothing factual to report.
Air France 447 was complete pilot error and incompetence. This flightl seems either sabotage or catastrophic failure. Even the wildest imaginations make it hard to develop a story under either scenario. It's possible, but difficult. It will be years before they find that black box.
Let the govt do their job... period...
It's on Diego Garcia! Look it up!
Thats possible! BUT we run that show!
Bits and pieces. If you look at what little information we really have, they add up to a possible catastrophic failure of all control systems in the aircraft. First the failure of the tracking system. This failure could have been caused by many things. It could have been bad or damaged wiring. It could have been a bad circuit breaker or an adjacent breaker that failed; starting a fire Todays aircraft are way to reliant on systems that aren't infallible. Under the right circumstances the aircraft systems can fail and leave the aircraft non-controllable. The pilots did what ever they thought might save the situation. Unfortunately to no avail. We may never have the answers we need to take precautions so that this never happens again. My condolences to the families of all those aboard.
I wish they would just admit they don't know what happened and spare those family's the anguish of waiting and hoping.
With no absolute confirmation that any of the debris in the Indian Ocean the Malaysians now have come up with an entirely new tale. They do not have any evidence to back up this latest version of what may have happened.
And then maybe the Malaysian government naively just told what they knew or thought they knew at the time. Before more secretive governments got involved and covered up everything they found out afterward. It makes no sense to steer such a valuable plane into the southern Indian ocean just to die. The airplane was owned by the Malaysian Government which is responsible for the pilots. Blaming the pilots would be blaming themselves. Why make up a story blaming yourself.?
At this point, any information put forth by the Malaysian government has no merit without concrete proof from an independent source.
It is amazing how the story changes daily. The Malaysian government has lied throughout this investigation. Truly why would someone fly 7 hours and then dump the plane in the water when if there was a problem with the plane after take off they could have just landed back at their airport. Something stinks with this whole thing. I truly feel for the families who have been jerked around since the beginning.
Malaysia Airlines's CEO confesses that the plane was carrying dangerous lithium ion batteries .Four days ago, Malaysia Airlines CEO Ahmad Jauhari was asked if the plane was carrying any dangerous materials; he denied it. On Friday, March 21, he admitted to the press that the plane was carrying lithium-ion batteries that had originally been listed as non-hazardous material. Lithium batteries: While smaller lithium ion batteries are allowed on aircraft, larger ones containing more than 25 grams Equivalent Lithium Content (ELC) are not. Another kind of lithium battery that is banned from airliners are lithium metal batteries with more than two grams of lithium.
CNN went to hell a long time ago, all they do regarding this story is rehash the same info OVER AND OVER...it is ridiculous. All they report is rumor and specualtion and interview the same three people with the same answers no one really knows about. That network is a joke. As most of those news channels have become. TV viewers are stupid as well they made the Kardashians a hit show.
Are there any news agencies that didn't "force" reporting on this with wild speculations about this or that? That's a news agency I'd like to watch... you know the kind that actually waits to report facts rather than every humanly imaginable scenario...
Its unfortunate but at the end of the day we will never know what, why, or maybe even where. Any logical reasoning would be that the experienced pilot would have made a distress call, he would have let air traffic control know what was going on, why he was turning, where he was going.. not just fall off the face of the earth. I think they're making these statements to quiet the Chinese families.
Wonder if they will ever find the black box, considering we're not clear where it went down and the ocean is so deep. I hope they do for the families. They need closure and I heard the airline wanted to pay off the families for $5,000 each. Is $5,000 the going rate for a life?
The author makes a point but not a very convincing one!
this is a rehash of the idiotic piece that was floating last week... it takes nothing to key the radio...
I don't believe anyone anymore. Not the press. Not any government. Not any corporation. The information we were given and that was the basis of hundreds of hours of analysis by talking heads turned out to be false. Or is it? Who knows?
I wouldn't believe a word that the Malaysians have to say, it's pretty clear that they haven't been up front from the start and are either hiding something or they are just totally incompetent.
The author is a jackash, who knows not his head from his arse. He is one among the numerous herds of self-proclaimed, self-nominated "experts" tripping over each other with pants around ankles to pimp their services anywhere, anytime to anyone with no firm data nor qualifications supporting their wild conjectures.
Funny how the media, (Yahoo) tries to skate out from under the chaos of misinformation. Casting the very scenarios they gave us as now crackpot or wild speculation and somehow we should feel ashamed for doubting the crew of the plain. Yet they appear to bear no burdon for the actions of their words. Just another day in the trial by media world we now live in.
I simply pray that they find the plane for the sake of lost passengers and their families.
Still sounds like a cover up, probably a suicide mission by TERRORISTS! TOOOOOOO MANY LOOSE STRINGS!!
By Clive Irving.... blah...blah...blah. As someone with a Commercial Flight ticket I can only say... if this aircraft did not experience a catastrophic failure such as an in-flight explosion, structural failure. ( i.e.: a wing broke off , etc). or loss of flight controls, and it appears this did not happen based on the radar observed flight path of the aircraft, then there is no reason for the Transponder to have been shut off unless done on purpose. In fact, if there was an in-flight emergency other than what I have mentioned, the well established procedure is to immediately don your oxgene mask, maintain control of the aircraft, turn towards the closest known landing site and ....switch the Transponder code to "7700". In pilot speak... to "squawk 7700" which automatically alerts any receiving station that the aircraft has experienced an emergency. That was not done and the Transponder stopped transmitting it's identification code which means, someone turned it off.. Period... end of story. The 64 dollar question is "why"?
@Speer you have no clue. Neither do I but if there was a fire of a certain kind they would have pulled circuit breakers to shut off power to where ever the fire might have been and then started turning them on again. The transponder could have been shut off when that happened. A bad fire would have been fed by oxygen, masks not employed, plane descended to 12,000 feet. All overcome by smoke. The plane flies on until it runs out of fuel.
An electrical fire could negate the need to turn things off.
In light of the "new" evidence that the FMS (Flight Management System) computer did not have the westerly turn entered in until after the First Officer bade the controller a good night (Previously it was reported that the turn had been programmed up to ten minutes before that), it is certainly possible that an electrical fire fried the wires of the transponder, rendering it inoperable,as opposed to a physical turning off by a switch. As to why the crew did not make a distress call, the same problem could have occurred to the VHF radio wires, so no communication was possible. They were, at that time, doomed. We can know this definitively only after (if) they can find the black boxes with all of the data and the cockpit recordings, as well. I have nearly 30 years' experience flying large aircraft [almost all of those as a commercial airline pilot--15 as a Captain (retired on the Airbus 320 Series aircraft)] and have no more (or less) knowledge about what happened to that aircraft. I do think that an intruder into the cockpit is a very unlikely scenario, since after nine-eleven, the doors to commercial airliners are harder to get into than Fort Knox, and you would practically have to blow the plane up to get inside the flight deck. Official policy now is that if the hijacker says he will kill someone every hour until he gets access, the response is "Do what you have to do, pal, but you are not getting inside this flight deck." (That would not have been the same 15 years ago) So, I think that the most likely scenarios are 1--Fire in the cockpit and 2--Sabotage by one of the pilots. Only time will tell whether or not my assessments are on target or not.
Several professional pilots suggested early on that available data suggested an on board mishap followed by pilot attempts to control the aircraft. It is entirely plausible they may have been overcome by smoke and/or decompression, or even an intruder into the cockpit, and it wasn't just the Malaysians who speculated otherwise. Far too many incompetent media "analysts" contributed to the wild speculation.
Hidden agenda by all countries involved..which will soon reveal itself by the costs of gas being $5 a gallon or sales tax increasing to 15% or just a simple ploy for the governments to inact another Homeland Security bill that will cost us trillions and the money is filtered right into their own pockets. People wake up, this is a conspiracy theory and this plane NEVER EXISTED!
I wonder if this change of heart has anything to do with the lawsuits coming?
I remember when they were wondering if the titanic would ever be found. I bet there were all kind of speculations about that. Same with the Hindenburg, ok bad example
Right. Unless they were innocent heroes. No, they were terrorists. No, they were suicidal. No, they went left but then maybe right. Any other ideas?
Not buying this load of BS Plane went down either due to terrorism, or because it was shot down accidentally.
So, in other words, this is just more speculation about a plane (and its crew) that hasn't been found yet. Why write this then?
I don't think it's appropriate to be flip and cocky and speculative about such a serious topic. It's great that you don't have to go to journalism school anymore to post in a public place, but - you know? You're not just shooting the #$%$ with your pals either. How about a little formality, respect. And less conjecture.
There are very few scenarios where the electronics can fail plane-wide, then the plane make a nice turn and follow a long distance direct flight path (since the autopilot would be out). If it was fire, it's hard to imagine how it could fly for 7 more hours. If it was sudden decompression, that does not explain the power outage, and even if related, the pilots have independent oxygen masks (there has been one case where even this did not help). On and on, but the chances of it being an accident seem small. The authorities, insurance companies, etc. want it to be an accident, but chances are small.
China, France, USA, have been sharing its satellite images with Malaysian authorities to help sort out why Flight MH370 disappeared with 239 passengers and crew aboard without a trace yet when the conclusion is drawn by Malaysian authorities that it went down in the Indian Ocean based on British analysis Malaysia will not reciprocate with the same generosity back to China the information it used to verify that this is true. Something fishy is going on here.
Ignores first thing would be to radio that they had a problem. Redundant systems provide that all communications would not be trashed unless really severe explosion or fire, then would not have stayed in air 6 more hrs. Fishy.
My biggest question and one that will probably never be answered is what was this plane doing flying so far off course from it's original destination? Why did it change course suddenly and end up somewhere in the Indian Ocean? It just seems to me that someone had to hijack this plane. Nothing else makes any sense.
The 2 boys with stolen passports were going to hijack it n fly to a diff destination but due to their age n lack of experience they got lost ran out of fuel n plunked right down in the middle of nowhere ??
they were not boy's but men , showing you don't know what you're talking about right off the bat
Til the black box is found, no one will know exactly what happened. The more speculation there is is just more agony for the families.
It would be interesting to know how much fuel would be required to take this craft on it's very long journey...and factor in a revisit to 12,000 feet.
Malaysia has changed its tune so many times so far I think they still don't have a clue even now.
Another day another change in the narrative by the Malaysians, now they are going to slant it which ever way means fewer lawsuits.
These Chinese have no composure. In a country where new born females are drawn in the bucket, Chinese should be much more familiarized with the death of a family member. OR, they are faking such desperation only to get more money from the insurance company...huh? Get it over ALREADY! P.S.: So far JUST speculation on the aircraft disappearance. Absolutely, nothing conclusive.
Isn't media's spin just sensational & public eats it up like dogs!
I'm still laughing at the part where they mentioned the pilot is related to the opposition leader in Malaysia. If you thought politics elsewhere were dirty, the gov took such a sad and grievous opportunity to make a political move. Sad indeed. Of course only the dumb were fooled in anyway.
Until, if ever, we find out why the plane apparently flew to nowhere quietly for hours it is a puzzle.
Not to be evil, but ever since 9/11, people tend to exaggerate some catastrophes as always being a terrorist act.
TOMORROW: The media will make another guess at what happened….INVESTIGATE and report facts you MORONS!
If they were trying to save the plane, the first 30 minutes of the emergency to get the plane under control the actions can be explained, however the seven hours afterwards after crossing land masses and still having rudimentary guidance tools such as a compass unaffected by electrical failure or fire tells me this is more than that.
Anticipating the recorders will not be found, the spin is now on to make the tragedy a non-event. Nothing to see here folks. You can all go home now.
"Highly unlikely" catch phrase for everything about this flight. Bet before this happened it was "highly unlikely" 777 would disappear from radar and nobody either noticed or did anything about it for many hours. Why wasn't malay military immediately notified and planes put in sky to defend malay airspace? Why didn't malay notify surrounding nations so they could protect themselves? Whole scenario is "highly unlikely."
This incident goes to show 2 things: 1. Malaysian government is inept in these types of investigation. Probably have to do with the fact they never have dealt with this before. 2. Malaysian "military" is incapable of defending itself. An unidentified aircraft entering its airspace and it did nothing. I'd be worried if I am a Malaysian....
It would appear the airline is changing its story to preclude legal actions against it. Now the plane manufacture will be on the hook. Malaysia blew it to begin with. Why no intercept? This appears to be CYA story.
There is a big difference in legal settlements between a story of pilots trying to save a plane load of passengers and a pilot committing suicide. Watch the spin.
It is not uncommon for armchair quarterbacks and quasi-journalists to talk just to hear their heads rattle. With all the news channels on the air and internet it is not about determining the real facts, it is about filling 24 hours in a day with babble and claptrap.
we wont know for sure till we get black box, and until then we should come to conclusion on what happened on that flight because the pilot and the first officer lost their lives and their families also want to know what happened!
I wish all the media would stop putting all the speculations out there and just put out the facts as they come in. First with the 2 men with false passports then the pilot, this is slander. People cant pick out the proven true statements from the unproven beliefs.
Very well thought out and entirely lacking in evidence.
Typical media. Just make up stories for the sheep. Until you find the damn jet it didn't crash, get hijacked or any other theory you can come up with. Stop printing #$%$ for the sake of printing something.
Official incompetence + Media Sensationalism = Conspiracy Theories. Our Fourth Estate is in Shambles. They'd rather encourage CT than actually do the work required to question the offical line.
Again, IF the flight took This course, in the time it took to fly from the coast of Vietnam to west of Perth, And NOBODY made any type of contact by Any method? If the pilots were Attempting to save the plane, and Everyone on board, I believe there would have been a call to Someone in the course of six hours.
The media is disgusting. Everyone thinks their an expert and picks apart these pilots and makes them out to be monsters, yet now the true facts are coming to light and not the mounds of speculation that the media has been swirling around. What a joke.
Is it so difficult to officially declare "We just don't know." ?? That would at least be truthful, wouldn't it? Better than all of this useless conjecturing and theorizing.
This tragedy highlights the problem with all the 24 hour news networks and the internet news. They constantly need to put something on the air so they find "so called experts" to push all kinds of theories, most twisting the facts to create headlines to catch readers attention. In lot of ways it was better in the old days with news at 6 and 11 where they stated the facts and waited for authorities to find the answers.
It was the western reporters who started the rumours about the pilot. In fact it was The Mail UK who started it. Then people like CNN and other foreign reporters bank on it like leeches. Now, probably sensing they have made a mistake, turn around and blame Malaysians for the poor pilot misfortune. Typical hypocritical attitude against a peaceful country for an uninown agenda
Finding the black box is the key here. For the sake of the families, I pray that it is found.
They find all black boxes. A very powerful beacon allows this. Somehow don't think this one will turn up.
This sad tragedy has had more speculations and theories that can only make one ask... What are they really trying to cover up? An accidental govt shoot down or are they just so inexperienced and irresponsible that they had to throw out a few dozen scenarios? One thing we all know for sure and without a doubt is that the loved ones and families have been through extra pain and disrespected .
Someone took time to turn off the transponder and reprogram autopilot but did not bother to contact authorities over 7 hours. Could lithium batteries as sinister as they are do this.
So Clive, what makes you any different than the Malaysians? Your article is hearsay, you shed nothing new, just same old BS we have been hearing for weeks. Quit writing to take up space.
It's called wireless communication. Read up on it.
One of the worst articles I've ever read... the speculation and sarcasm makes this a 'short story' worth of a creative writing class, not NEWS. You can write all you want but until the black box is recovered, you CANNOT rule out terrorism. Period.
What would happen if ALL the government just said the truth...WE DON'T KNOW.
I agree that you cannot jumped to sinister conclusions about the pilots when you don't know the facts. But I find it unusual that there is absolutely no radio contact alerting anyone of anything and the transponder turned off. That makes this a real mystery. I hope and pray for the families that they can recover from such a devastating loss. Life is always changing.
I'm sorry but the pilots are very suspicious in this matter. For what legitimate reason would the pilots shut off the tracking systems, calmly say "Goodnight", then abruptly change course without making any communications to the ground? I don't know what happened but not objective analysis of the little info we have supports a theory that the pilots were trying to save the plane.
More speculation and no proof that really brings a theory together. We need that black box.
First it was sinister. Now it's not. Plane was deliberately taken off course. Now maybe not. Guessing can be a very bad thing. In the event this was a very tragic accident, I hope the pilots names can be cleared because the media has led us to believe they were bad guys.
It's just as easy to laugh at scenarios once facts are known as it is to concoct them when nothing is known. What fun it is pointing fingers!
Malayian officials are still covering up their ineptitude, mistakes, etc. Sooner or later a few of them will wind up in jail unless Chinese kill them.
More speculation, they have not confirmed a single piece of plane debris.
Great. This article has clarified nothing, and contributed nothing. Until the wreckage has been found and positively identified, no one knows anything for sure about flight 370.
So an hour out of it's departure point headed into Vietnam airspace (with more runways to accept heavies) it take a turn and winds up in the South Indian Ocean a thousand miles from anywhere? Yeah, sure, genius.
The Boeing Corporation received pings from the engines of this plane. How sad that this information was not allowed to be public..(family members of this flight).
First of all, would have hoped the pilots did all they could do, nothing to analyze about that, unless something happened to the flight crew exactly at the sametime. The Analysis that is done these days is deplorable!
If the pilots were trying to save then why the hell were they so off course? I could not disagree anymore! Maybe a struggle in cockpit if anything! Stop posting hearsay and at least wait till facts are present!
Well written. Objective analysis. Rationally and reasonably stated. On behalf of every pilot, thank you.
Enough with the theories!!! Get the facts and dont report anything until you've got them. The familys of the people on board that flight have been through enough.
The same people who write these kinds of articles, avoiding the obvious, are the same ones who see that Obama's driving the American Economy, and America in general, into the ground, but they say that he's trying to save America... yeah right.
Malaysia has not been stellar in their ability to lie. I believe the Obama Administration has a duty to get involved here. Helping countries, especially in this region would help benefit our global partners from the expertise of The Liar of the Year.
@queen-reading your comments over 2 weeks tells me a. You don't have a job, most likely never will. b. your vacations are limited to Southern Alabama Coast, if at all. c. You're just a troublemaker who cares about nothing except themselves.
Bryan, like you I've followed you because you're so interesting....I aspire to be just like you. You must be a union person to be able to track and stalk me during work hours...How do you get away with it? A daily bloh job for the boss?
Mother Jones says the reason they can’t find the plane is due to climate change. The article said climate change has caused the ocean currents to change course and because of that everyone is looking in the wrong place. That liberal rag says they are looking in places where the plane would have been 30 years ago.
Yet, manually turned off all sources of communication? Hmm...
The whole problem with the media is that you can't take then at face value.
The media is so eager to be 'first' with a story they don't seem to care if it's correct.
I think the family's lack of dignity over this may point to them becoming fond of the media attention.
In real life, the rate of sinister acts and crimes are not as frequent as those reported in the media. Too much media coverage has smeared the glass through which we see the world. Let us please give the pilots the benefit of the doubt.
If all the satellite data is correct why did the plane fly for 7 and a half hours in a different direction? Everybody unconscious and on autopilot? Why not make a u-turn and go back to the airport.
Disgusting,bothering families grieving,sticking cameras in their faces.NO COMPASSION. Now we are being told may have tried to save the plane,all speculation,no facts. No radio calls,way off course and this is a bunch of empty reports.A scam a sham a bunch of fiction.
I'd like to think there was some bizarre chain of events that caused this tragedy. I'd also like to think the pilots did everything they could to prevent it. In aircraft like this you can have what is called a cascade failure where one device after another fails due to power overloads, computer program corruption or environmental conditions. No matter the cause, it's a sad loss of life.
You should have your journalist credentials pulled! The Daily Beast should be ashamed of themselves!
The pilots tried to save the plane by turning off the transponder and making no communications about the problem they were having? And he could turn the plane and take the plane down to 12000 feet but he couldn't land it? With 7 hours to find a place to land? There was nothing wrong with the plane, they told the ground in their last transmission that everything was fine less than two minutes before they turned off the transponder. In the extremely unlikely event that a catastrophic event happened in that two minutes that took out all modes of communication at once but the plane can still fly (something that has never happened in the history passenger liner aviation), you still have 227 passengers and 10 other crew members with cell phones and other communication devices. You're telling me they had 7 hours to fly around and they couldn't get to a region and altitude that would allow someone to make some kind of distress call or text? One or both of these pilots deliberately killed all 239 people on this plane and we all know it.
ah yes...you are clairvoyant and knows it all...NOT....
Steve: They can't get anything past you, now, can they? You're too smart for them!
The article mentions how dangerous it would be to take a 777 to 45,000 ft. Well, lets not forget...the plane did end up drifting silently for hours over the southern oceans. Is that the kind of danger they refer to?
There has been no real evidence that the plane was ever at that altitude, just like there is no real evidence that the plane dropped to an altitude of either 5000 or 12000 feet.
But if the plane did reach beyond it's maximum safe height that would provide an explaination for the mysterious flight over the southern oceans...a pressure event.
Nothing has been ruled in or out with this recent statement. Assuming one or the other of the pilots tried to "save the plane" doesn't rule in a malfunction of the plane, or rule out a negative act, including terrorism, by one or the other of the pilots, a crew member, or something loaded onto the plane. We may never know.
No one should demonize the pilots or anyone else without hard FACTS.. it is so unfair to the families. Hope they can figure it out & prevent it from happening again.
This investigation has been botched from the very beginning. I understand that Malaysia is not "used to" such scenarios like this, but no country is. It's not like you have planes dropping out of the sky every day. You have to use common sense, no matter what country. The names of these two pilots have been smudged, and whatever they did or didn't do, there will always be suspicion lingering in people's minds.
Pilots are like doctors, rarely get a real crazy one. Only guess from here, but all investigations have to cover all the bases including the pilots - the media just zeroes in on one item and tries to make a story to generate interest. It is intriguing, best not to jump to conclusions.
This incident is being investigates by journalist who know nothing about aircraft except how to find the restroom. However, this article makes more sense than any other one I’ve read.
This writer had me riveted until "So you make a convincing political statement on behalf of more liberal causes by disappearing an airplane full of people?" I understand our world has become more connected (and this writer's first language isn't, likely, English), but the article is about credibility and slicing and dicing words, wiggle words, etc. Ughhh.
Dear News Media, Get back yo us when they find the plane. In the meantime #$%$.
So it could be dangerous to take a 777 the 45,000 feet? Dangerous like in inviting a pressure problem that could end up with a silent aircraft drifting off for hours?
So the flight is having an air emergency, the pilot turns the plane and then checks out by saying "All right, Good night"??? The other thing that has bothered me from the start is the measurements of the wreckage found. In the middle of the ocean, with nothing around to make a measurement comparison but they "know" dimensions of the wreckage? Having done this in my past, this is nearly impossible without a comparable to go by.
The emergency likely took place, or became apparent, AFTER the pilot signed off with Malaysia ATC, but before they contacted Vietnam ATC. This is why neither ATC center was concerned at first that there was nothing heard from the plane. Each assumed it was in contact with the other. The height of the satellite making the photos is known, as is as the field of view of the camera. This tells you the area of the rectangle enclosing the photo. Easy to determine that 1 pixel = X units. Now just count how many pixels long the object is and multiply by the conversion factor.
Its a fact that both transponders were turned off. Not something any pilot would do in a real emergency. This story is bogus.
This is pure speculation. Why present it as fact?
They DIDN'T present it as facts...
Just all guess work. No one knows what happened. All deviations from Obummers #$%$.
More speculation by the media. Isn't that what got us to this point of the investigation in the first place?
I don't believe the Malaysian government has any idea what they are doing.
This story is so bizarre it is laughable. Must have inadvertently crossed with an article by the ONION!
Too much speculation using questionable 'facts'. I'm surprised time warps, different dimensions or Langoliers haven't been brought up in all this.
This thing has more spin on it than a cue ball in a pool tournament.
This is what happens with the constant news coverage. People run out of things on which to speculate and the conversation starts to circle.
The thing that differentiates this from other cases is the fact that as far as we've been told, this flight continued for 7 hours after it went off radar. That's a LONG TIME to be trying to control some kind of emergency. Again, the thing that would seem most logical (given what we "know" so far) would be for there to have been some kind of catastrophic loss of ALL communications to and from the flight. The difficult thing to understand would be why no cell phones were used to contact anyone on the ground in the event of this scenario. Could the plane have lost all passengers AND crew, but somehow continued to fly at a constant course (as a ghost ship) until it eventually ran out of fuel and crashed?
They might have been able to extinguish the fire but unable to vent the toxic smoke or succumbed to it before venting the smoke. Just another theory.
That's exactly what it looks like.
No cellphone towers in the middle of the Indian Ocean.
Barry, Malaysia has higher cell phone tower concentration than the US does. No one is suggesting people waited several hours into an emergency to attempt a call.
A good theory, I think. That no cell phones were used, indicates all people on board were incapacitated very quickly with little or no warning something was going wrong. If the pilot(s) programmed the turn in a last desperate attempt to get the plane on course back to a runway for emergency landing, for some reason unable to communicate, and lost consciousness also quickly, so as to leave the airplane to continue to fly on the adjusted flight path, but then unable to attempt landing, it would have just kept flying until it ran out of fuel, yes, as a ghost ship.
Ever hear of auto pilot knuckleheads?
Ghost craft have flown twice before until they ran out of fuel. Onboard fire was the problem both times.
@Ryan.... Yes it most likely ran as a ghost ship. There are two other recorded accidents in aviation history that resemble this one. the first was over the US in 1999. The second was over Perth, Australia in 2000. Both planes suffered from a catastrophic decompression. Everyone on board died quickly and the planes ran on auto pilot until running out of fuel, and crashing. This happens when the pressurized cabin suddenly becomes de pressurized. In both of the other flights, the pilots suffered from hypoxia (lack of oxygen) so quickly that they became disabled before they even knew there was a problem. This scenario fits perfectly with the Malaysian flight
If there were an electrical emergency, the pilots and crew might have given the passengers specific instructions NOT to use their cellphones.
@ Mark... fire was not the problem in the previous flights. it was rapid decompression.
@ Frank...They were over the Indian Ocean, cell phones don't work there.
The material inside aircraft produce toxic fumes when they burn. Dead people make no calls and they died in less than 5 minutes.
@ Mark... toxic fumes smell very bad. Pilots will recognize the smell and put on Oxygen masks quickly. I know fire is all over the media but it simply wasn't a fire. It doesn't fit.
Think of a transponder that communicates via satellite, then fed to a ground station and comms coming back via the reverse route. like a wireless router and you have the idea of how cell phones can work from an airplane. At 35,00+ feet high the aircraft is about 7 miles straight up and traveling at 500+MPH. Direct cell phone comms are not normally possible. You have to use a dedicated transponder functioning like a wireless router..
The plane flew back over, and across, Malaysia, after the turn around and drop to 12,000 ft altitude, so yes, there were cell phone towers had there been anyone trying to use a cell phone. Which indicates everyone was already incapacitated, unconscious or dead, at that point. Harder to figure is the second left turn, that redirected it from its course after the first turn, which then took it out over the Indian ocean.
This is a Mystery and maybe never we know the truth.
@ jenell... I'm not a math whiz but I was chatting with a lady last night who is. ...She was fascinated by the fact that the final coordinates that the plane was known to be flying were directly parallel to the south pole. I'm not sure why, but she didn't seem to think the pilots had programmed those coordinates... Any theories?
Re the lack of cell phone usage: At the beginning of the flight, everything seemed fine. This is when cell towers would have been available. It was a red-eye flight and a long one. People tend to settle in and go to sleep. The passengers probably never knew there was a problem.
I have sprint... even in the city where I live, Zero tall building and flat land I get a poor signal, If I step into a building, or house ect.. Its a real treat I get any kind of signal at all.... im pretty sure if I was in the middle of the ocean I wouldn't get squat.
People commenting on cell phone signal availability in an airliner at 12,000+ feet don't know JACK about how mobile networks work. The jet would need special equipment to bounce signals off the network satellite to a base station in Malaysia. To my knowledge, this jet did not have that equipment.
No cell phone useage after 10,000 feet. Just can't get reception.
This is one of the most logical ideas of what happened..my only question is why would or houw could the plane have turned around/diverted if everyone was incapacitated?
JonA - it probably was turned to land by the pilots and auto pilot will not land a plane without a pilot so it kept going straight after it crossed the runway or turned to the next programed area.
In my post above, a zero was missing. It should have been 35,000+ feet not 35,00+ feet. It was an oops.
Yes, Ryan, that sounds most likely. Your scenario coincides with Drew's theory that all passengers and crew were overcome with smoke and the plane flew 'til it ran out of fuel.
You're right abt the time factor but what if it was on auto pilot and everyone including pilots were dead from smoke inhalation. Wouldn't it fly until it ran out of fuel then fall into the ocean?
Helios airlines in Greece..forgot why but everyone became hypoxic and unconscious until the plane ran out of fuel and crashed itself. Fighter pilots were able to fly next to it and see everyone slumped over in their seats, including the pilots. Then he saw the flight attendant in the captain's seat, barely conscious, pointing slowly to the ground, letting the fighter pilots know that either he was running it into the mountain or that he knew they were out of fuel and that's where they were headed. The reason he was able to maintain consciousness longer than the rest? He was a trained long distance swimmer/diver and had been trained on how to hold breath longer and how to use little oxygen to maintain him longer. All I'm saying is the "Ghost Plane" theory doesn't need to be completely overruled.
And you have provided just one more theory.
Lots of speculation but not any real news, tomorrow they'll have a new scenario.
I guess I am like a lot of other people. I am not going to believe anything I am told about this whole thing by the so called experts until I see something concrete. There has been too much guessing and speculation not to warrant otherwise.
Next week's article: Pilot had fascination with turning an airplane into a submarine.
What a bunch of BS. To me it's painfully obvious that the pilots dumped the plane in the ocean.
The story has been a great money maker for the media. They are not about to let it go away.
This pilot is turned into the Malaysian version of Richard Jewell.
Hey government, tell us the truth. One time, one time! I am bored with all the disinformation. Like they don't know what really happened ...
The only way to truly know what happened is to find the "black boxes" and thoroughly investigate their information. Until then everything else is conjecture and guess.
So now we have run the gamut of theories and the besmirched Crazy, Suicidal, Terrorist Pilots have been declared Heroic Pilots doing the best job that they could to save their plane by the same people that condemned them.3 things we should learn from this. 1.....Never believe the media; they make it up as they go along to get you to buy into their news outlet or sell papers. 2.....Never believe the "Spin Doctors" AKA company spokesman; they are throwing out wild theory after theory with one purpose - to protect the company and send the blame somewhere else, anywhere else and make the company the only good guy. 3.....Wait for the facts and use your own BRAIN to sort them out; other people thinking for you are always twisting the facts to support their own agendas at your expense. The facts are there and the full story will probably never be known and this disaster will go down with Amelia Aerhart and Jimmy Hoffa as a mystery to be discussed for the next 100 years.
This article is consistent with the behavior of a pack of #$%$ lawyers who are looking for the deepest pockets to sue.
So does this explain why passengers did not attempt to call home on their cell phones? If something was going on in the cabin would that not have alerted them to do so?
possible scenarios....one, they tried, but wasn't near any cell towers for service. two, it all happened so fast, they didn't even think about it. three, a few had their phones out, but were told to turn them off because the cockpit was already having problems with their gear, and didn't need the phones to interfere.
I have to say, the coverage of the missing plane is some of the worst journalism I have ever seen. And that is saying a lot considering that the standard is so low it's hard to go under it.
Conjecture = News. The age of internet journalism makes me miss newspapers sometimes.
More FOX useless journalism! “NOT A SINGLE NEWS ITEM will reach the public without our control,” states Rupert Murdoch, a Zionist Jew, and owner of FOX Media.
Zionist Jew??? Really? Did you actually say that?? Wow. I mean, I get the whole Rupert Murdoch as the leader of a soul-sucking media control group. But Zionist Jew? That level of ignorance and race stupidity absolutely boggles the mind. "Tonight we're gonna party like it's 1899!" Sieg Heil, dude! We're all in this together. We get nowhere by racist rants.
Amazing how many people are buying this story.
Did this plane crash into the Indian Ocean or did it land somewhere?
My heart goes to the families who are told the plane crashed with their loved ones although there is zero proof. How can they get closure and stop hoping?
This is getting weirder by the hour. Reads like a Stephen King novel where the ending never ends cause the twists keep twisting and the conclusion is up to your own imagination.
If one does not like the continuous news, then turn to a different channel. We watched other shows and checked back periodically on the update of the MH370 situation. You can't change the media, but you can change the channel.
Like everything in this world, follow the money. Malaysians trying to cover their backside
Sounds like the #$%$ media trying to cover up for all the wacky #$%$ theories they came up with and blaming it on the Malaysians.
Someone is trying to shape the narrative. Not one piece of evidence that leads to any conclusions, and these idiots are trying to put together a picture without any facts. Why?
The news outlets are like vultures - picking at the bones of the body before the authorities can even get there to investigate. So typical...
The Malaysian Gov't is full of BS. Everything they have said so far they have either recanted or denied that they said it. The only thing I have not heard out of the Malaysian PM's mouth is that the plane stopped by Mars to pick up little green guys. They don't want that black box found so they can keep spinning any theory they want!
Over the course of events I noticed once again that the media spends more time creating the news than reporting the news.
Earth is composed of 70% water and 30% land. So why can't we intellegent mammals on earth make priorities on making amphibian planes! Set me an appointment to those airplanes company makers please...
I still think those 20 tech workers on board are a big key to what happened. Search for: What really happened to Malaysian Airlines flight 370. Makes sense.
The 2 true facts that still bother me about this, especially if the pilots were truly trying to save the plane, is why were the transponder(s) turned off and why was there no mayday or distress call??
Facts are facts. Right now we don't have any. The Malaysian government doesn't share in a convincing way. Time may not even cure this fiasco. The public needs concrete EVIDENCE that safety in the future for Air travel will be addressed. We can only hope, but in the meantime our hearts are broken for the poor families who experienced this tragedy so personally.
How can you believe anything they say?
My prayers are with the relatives of FTL 370, I ask God to comfort them during this difficult time in their lives.
If the plane did not crash into the Indian Ocean where they say it did do you find it odd that so many governments are involved in a cover-up?
I believe we should listen to the Malaysian authorities without comment. I am a firm believer in "too much rope equals a stretched neck". Let them continue the erratic explanations without feeding the rumor mill and in the end the truth will be known.
How do we know the elevation, but admit all of the systems were disabled?
So, you really don't know what happened, correct?
Boy, there are many holes in this analysis.
Just saying that so the families can heal.
The plane flew 7 hrs after losing contact with the modern world and radars and communications. There is got to be something that prevented it from contacting rest of the world. If the PILOTS were alive they would have contacted or made efforts or people would have used cell phones or Internet on board.
If the FBI pours over the flight simulator hard drive it will probably get wet and damage the data. I recommend they pore over it to see if there's any chance of recovering the data.
Now the pilots are heroes?? There is no more proof of that than there is of Ultra Top Secret Microwave weapons or space aliens brought the plane down.....BOTH which I have seen written on here and broadcast in the news. Malaysians are throwing tons of poop on the wall in hoping that some will stick.
This article is a JOKE!! The pilots would have communicated with the tower if they had been trying to save the plane!
Anything to keep the story going! One or both of these pilots went on a suicide mission or something of that nature and as time goes on it will be just that simple.
A mystery worthy of the Bermuda Triangle.
Don't believe that for a second...you don't fly that far off course and pass perfectly good places to land and then crash into the middle of another ocean. Not saying the pilots weren't told what to do by someone else. We may never know, but this was not an accident....or the plane is actually somewhere. And no weather was indicated either.
I think you meant to say have the Americans stop trashing the pilots. The Malaysians have the pilots the benefit of the doubt and even said innocent until proven guilty
CNN said the plane may have entered a black hole, MSNBC said it was probably hidden in the jungle somewhere, and FOX said that muslims had taken over the plane. The sad thing is that ratings have doubled. Apparently hearsay and anonymous tweets are all that remains of actual journalism.
@nunya You give them way too much credit.
Funny that the author slams speculation without any compelling evidence of his own. Truth is, no one knows what happened yet and anyone making speculation is doing merely that: speculating.
Goes to show you that you can't trust the media to tell the whole truth.
The Malaysians have been giving out bad information from day one and to save face.
I'm completely over all the lame speculation and thin reporting of this whole mess.
What analysis that has to be done, that is one of their responsibilities is to fly and if there is a problem to take care of it to even to save the plane and passengers!
They have cameras on public buses right? They have cameras in the airport. They have cameras everywhere. What is stopping the FAA from installing surveillance cameras in the cockpit as well as in the cabin so we can stop "analyzing" or "calculating" what happened. Once (if) the cameras are found, no more questions. Or transmit a live feed. Why is that so hard?
I can't help but wonder how they got so far off course and flew so many addtl hours after turning off communication and no distress (or cell) calls ... Did I miss something? Are they claiming everyone including the pilots lost consciousness and the plane flew for an addtl 7-8 hrs on its own completely off course?
Governments are so paranoid anymore... and they're also ineffectual, which helps them be more paranoid!
If something is not a mechanical and electrical problem with this plane then Republicans should take responsibility.
Understand, man doesn't know everything. Man will always blame another for anything he can't control or have answers. If they do have answers, they will never tell the TRUE because they don't want to frighten the world. There are other planets. We have astronauts to go to the moon. Why can't the unknown come down to earth?
because too many people...especially families of the victims...want answers.
Why does Yahoo interject "headlines" for other stories into an article? I don't care why 529 members of the Muslim brotherhood have to be executed OR why Putin Panics Brussels Bureaucrats
Chris Goodfellow, a veteran pilot, wrote this same theory almost a week ago, Clive.
Malaysian authorities had this situation screwed up from day one.
So much for reputable news agencies anymore. All of them are on par with the National Enquirer now.
I think the Thai's know more than they are saying, perhaps because they may have been the target of this suicide mission. Someone should ask them what stopped there radar tracking, particularly when the last recording they had showed the plane turning straight for Phuket. Phuket...now there is a name that has come up before in this story. That's where the co-pilot met his Auzzies who may have offended his lovemaking technique.
DON'T TELL ME... the two Iranian passengers were trying to fly the plane into a US installation in Afghanistan on behalf of the Mullahs and we now have to invade Iran, right?
I read what Captain Palmer said on CNN and I agree with his assesment 100%. A catastrophic event occured most-likely a fire, that took out all communications and made the aircraft inoperable, i.e., unable to make a landing. I believe the pilots of this aircraft made an outstanding effort to save those who might have still been alive. The pilots decided to allow the aircaft to run out of fuel and attempt to make a landing on water.
if that was the case the they would either dump their fuel or circle around until the time was right
It's a shame this happened. Whatever the cause it is awful to lose people this way. It is what they call - an horrible accident.
The simplest answer is usually the correct one. The media has no business trashing the flight crew at this point. Nothing about this crash has been substantiated yet, they need to give it time and let the investigation run its course before jumping to conclusions. It may take months, even years, to get this all figured out.
Suppose the plane was hijacked in a different way, not by physical force as is usually the case but hijacked electronically. Can the electronic systems of planes be hacked? Virtually everything on a modern jet is run by computer.
Such a smart boy to have all this figured out already, and to know just who to blame for it all -- except for him and his cronies in the media who took a few minutes out from filming the facial expressions and recording the utterances of distraught relatives to cook up stories out of whole cloth.
The only thing this proves is the Malaysian government is incompetent.
Another attempt to blame another country for a terrorist act (failed) to start another war. Anything that blows up or crashes, it is always a terrorist attack...
UM... what was the point of this article?? I don't know much about "The Daily Beast", but this writing strikes me as purely "opinion page" material, and NOT serious journalism. There is virtually no interconnection between the MH370 and AF447 stories, and very little evidence or argument; just a bit of (admittedly valid) perspective... but perspective is insufficient in an article, unless it is a clearly labeled opinion piece, and the perspective is its (clearly labeled) sole objective.
The Airline is now trying to discredit the Wrongful Death Civil Lawsuits that are sure to be filed against Maylasian Air.
I wonder what happens to the U.S. media after this puzzle is solved. CNN for example had been repeating same thing 24/7 changing from Wolfe to Lemon and rest of mannequins. No better is FOX, CNBC, MSNBC etc.
Bottom line is this. There is a plane that a THOUSAND miles off course at the bottom of the ocean. SOMETHING unusual happened. Accident or purposeful, planes don't do that without a reason
Now they are backpedaling. People already have opinions formed since this "situation" happened and these so called authorities are a joke with the constant attempt to explain what they cannot or WILL not, tell us.
Note to self: NEVER fly Malaysia Airlines.
This is getting to be the most bull s-it story i ever heard.We have America going to hell in a hand basket.PLEASE when you REALLY have some thing to report.Then print it.Other wise lets report the current news.WITH OUT THE TWIST. I for one am sick of smoke screens.What ever happened to the REAL news people.That print the news.And not make up the news.
To all the people who think the US government is messed up take a look at these whackos in Malaysia... Sounds like they are blaming anyone or anything to cover their lack of competence when it comes to air travel. They have lost all credibility in their handling of this tragedy.
What to even say;in a day in age when no one has ANY privacy and is constantly filmed and monitored without their consent all for the sake of "safety" they can't find a plane and we're suppose to go on blind faith that what they "say" happened happened? I just don't know, what I do know is my thoughts and love go out to ALL those who still had hope and still do.
The plot thickens, I think there is more BS coming from Malaysia, than comes from MSNBC on a regular basis.
I would like to know more about those 2 Iranian men with stolen passports...why have we not heard any more on them? They are the most suspicious characters aboard that plane!
You will not hear any more about those two. They are a BIG RED FLAG that was totally swept under the rug in the media
James, maybe you're right. On the other hand, if it was hijacked....it requires criminal investigators. No one knows to an absolute certainty what happened and worst yet, we may never know unless the plane is found.
Nothing make sense other than a terrible accident. Probably a fire with fumes. Probably everyone was dead long before the plane crashed.
That would make sense. Sort of like that golfer (Payne Stewart?) who had the cabin rupture. I have been waiting for the news geniuses to tell us how long their fuel would last. Wanna bet it is just about where they now think the plane went down? Of course it is still all conjecture.
Tehran Classifieds; Boeing 777 for sale or rent, 9,000 mile range,Cargo hold will handle full size Nuke! Call 66-666-6666!
This is look like the plane had been hijack by some people or government to get rid of some people in board. to me look like the pilot listened to hijackers and trying his best. this not hard for all governments to resolve this. unless some government wants to hiding. I was sad by this , wish they find out soon and relief the families. Pace upon their soles and god bless their families.....
NEWSFLASH: From 911 to this,,, when the transponder goes off the military jets should go up for a look see ASAP. What is wrong with this picture where transponders go off on commercial jets and pilots stop talking and yet NO ONE, not ONE so called expert out there, says hummm, something might be wrong here... Our government can watch all of us world wide 24/7 but can not keep track of the planes world wide... OK...
well...this is the Malaysian, but yes...Malaysian Military should have scramble some jets....
Well, our government can listen to phone calls and collect every email around the world so surly we can and should track every flight sooooo when one goes off the radar,,, we can scramble jets to have a look see also... or use our other spy junk to look in on it or at least track the thing... Someone (some government/s) somewhere is not telling the truth about a lot of things...
The reality is that we have no more facts that we had ten days ago. The media keeps reporting on speculation as if it were factual. We need to have integrity put back into journalism and the media. Gets the facts and then report on the instance. Not the other way aroung.
While the media made mincemeat of the crew, passengers with their inventions.
Hollywood knows where to look when they need new script writers.
From the dullest tool in the shed "Its a criminal act!"
Any opinion is foolhardy and makes one a fool.
Let the evidence drive the narrative. Not the other way around. One thing that is for sure is that the Malaysian government and the Airline spokesmen haven't been very helpful and maybe even deceitful. But our own obsession with the 24-hour news cycle also drives the narrative since we can't just wait for the evidence to be discovered, we have to guess, postulate, and theorize any and every possibility when likely the simplist explanation is likely correct.
Lots of spin control going on to quiet the angry mobs, and the US media is gargling and swallowing it by the hot load. Keep in mind that these signals, black boxes, and telemetry readings do not take weeks to interpret -- they take seconds.
And the speculation continues. And will continue to continue.
I feel like the Malaysian government is just saying all this to get everyone off their backs. They have no clue what happened to that flight.
Have we actually been shown any proof that the plane went down?
I still think something horrendous happened right after the pilots signed off that only gave the pilots time to head the plane out to sea so that it would not crash over land and populated areas. I think everyone on the plane passed out and then suffocated and died, and the plane simply flew on until it ran out of fuel and crashed in the ocean.
This is just too much information. We have no idea what REALLY happened and probably never will. The only thing for sure or at least 99% certain is that everyone is dead.
Why no communication indicating trouble with the aircraft?
An experienced pilot posted a column last week saying exactly this and explaining how each action would coincide with a catastrophic event on the plane -- what's sad is so much time and money were wasted to feed the paranoia and need for a truth other than what really happened. The pilot posted pics of the flight simulator on Facebook - not exactly wanting to hide anything. The author of the article also said a good pilot would look for the closets place to land the plane -- and the hard turn might evidence that. I just feel sad for the families -- and the exploitation of the event by so many. In the mean time - close to 200 americans died in a mudslide this weekend in Washington State - and over 50 have died of Ebola in New Guinea -- time to deal with problems that might affect us as we wish RIP to those lost in this tragic crash.
Heroes, then villains, and now heroes again. Maybe there should be a media blackout until actual facts can be reported.
The story above says a lot more about the tendency of the journalistic community to go ballistic (I had in mind another phrase that begins with "ape-s..."), and exercise its collective imagination in print over any little crumb of information that falls off the table-full of data that any investigation must collect. My faith in you has reached a new low, and I am underwhelmed ...
Around and around we go, where this circus act stops nobody knows...
They don't know anything for certain! Why is it so hard to admit that? Just state the few facts you DO have and let the speculation come from somewhere else! How are we supposed to trust what the media or investigators say when they're just guessing? Stick to the facts, it will benefit you in the long run.
FIRST? The plane was Highjacked, NOT caught on fire, NO Smoke! Pilots would put Oxygen mask on, made Mayday call on UHF Radio if mechanical failure or Cockpit smoke! They certainly would not have manually changed auto pilot settings ! This whole thing STINKS to high heaven! SHOW ME SOME PLANE PARTS FLOATING! Where's the 72'X43' part floating?????? Don't Pee on my pant leg and tell me it's raining!
I'm sure they did try and save the plane! I remember the last time I was in danger! These articles are pain for the loved ones.
boy am i tired of this. fact malaysia gov't totally screwed this up or know exactly what happen and won't tell. the explanation sounds as bad as a lot of the speculation. till we know for sure keep your fingers crossed it dosn't show up in the side of a necular plant,large city, etc. this year next year or whenever.
I've heard so many crazy ideas on how this thing went down but it all comes back to the transponder and why it was shut off.Until someone can explain that this is not an accident.
CNN CNN ... Useless Breaking News Banners, hardly expert panel guests, psychics, touch screen monitors, illogical theories, reciting Twitter comments!!! come on guys, maybe CNN should only be 12 hour news.
When a pilot switches OFF the transponder and ACARS it's a deliberate conscious DECEPTION. There is no way of explaining this FACT away.
Are you just guessing? What if there is an electrical fire? Tell me what a pilot is supposed to do during an electrical fire. Do you even know, or would you just be guessing?
A plane on fire keeps on flying for hours??????????????
STILL - trying to get their story straight. Then why no radio contact? Why no transponders?
If the 777 went down It will sooner or later be found maybe in a month or in 10 years. Only then after the black box is recovered if possible can we know the true answers to all the questions. But until they find some hard evidence that in fact the plane did hit the water no assumption by anyone can be taken seriously.
A new day, a new brainstorm. I have Malaysia Air fatigue
It was so easy to blame the pilot and copilot now the media is starting to eat crow.
it's easy to blame them cause it's their fault
Ban! Humbug! Balderdash! All pure speculation until they get the Black Boxes back and analyse the recorded data.
Does anybody know any longer what "facts' are, or were? did plane go to 45,000ft, drop back to 12,000, did it fly on pre-determined route or was someone at controls? Why not one word from plane to any tower? I find it hard to believe major problem that left all dead on high-tech commercial jet, yet not bad enough to cripple plane, prohibited any type of Mayday call.
Could be a similar situation as the Payne Stewart plane. They tried to turn back after losing cabin pressure. Maybe not enough emergency oxygen to go round, or tanks were empty. Everyone passes out and plane continues on new flight path until it runs out of fuel.
Payne Stewart's plane never changed course.
On and on and on about absolutely nothing ! The media is milking this for as much ad time as they can.
We are Humans, We are not perfect, We are guaranteed to make error's, its going to take time, but the truth will come out. People talk, People Brag, people make mistakes, if there are lies, deceit, or misinformation it will all come out in the end. There will be an end to this tragedy.....
Why has the Malaysian govt. suddenly say based on the evidence "the plane went down in the southern Indian ocean"? What new definitive evidence is there? Seems like they're in a hurry to be done with it regardless of what they say about "continuing on until the plane is found".
No call for help or anything for 7 hours? Even with an air phone or cell phone? I understand if there was an emergency and they did a dive straight into the ocean that there was no time to make a transmission, but the 'experts' say it flew for 7 hours. Let's just say the 'experts' still don't know what happened and leave it there until they do!
We all remember 9/11. And I think it is because of this that when we hear the name of a pilot with a muslim surname we automatically consider 'pilot suicide.' Unfortunately, I think that has clouded our judgement and pushed this suicide theory way too far, way too fast. Let's ignore the so-called 'experts' and 'former NTSB' clowns with the flashy ties bleached blond hair and wait to see how this plays out.
The jewish -run media machine has already made up its mind, and will stop at nothing to make anything Muslim a bad thing. They've conditioned the public to just accept that Muslims are bad and are always guilty of something. Fundamentalist followers of any organized religion are scary, whether they're Muslims, jews or Christians.
The media is acting like a bunch of 8th grade girls with all this he said she said speculation. What ever happened to reporting the facts, let the tabloids do the embarrassing blabber work.
Enough already! Give it a rest!
Stop trying to explain what happened. This clusterfart of an investigation lost any hope of truth from day one. Why? Because all of the conflicting and ever changing data they shoved down our throats from every damn country in the region with radar or any country with a satellite above it; and, 2) conspiracy theorists were all over this the minute the flight went missing.
totally insane, last I heard, there was "NO" proof they have found the dam plane, now they act as if they know what the pilots were trying or not trying to do. watching cnn and oh boy, you think sometime they was actually talking to the pilots of flight 370 that very moment.
May is a big word so they still don't know what happaned to that Airliner.
It makes perfect sense for them to now try to vindicate their pilots, now that it's time for the lawsuits to begin. Do they actually think it might render them less liable? Ridiculous. As others have said, we will never know what actually happened. Some have a theory of their own (I know I do), but no one will ever know for sure. Let's just pray for all of them, and for their families most of all.
Listen up, idiots. THERE WAS NO FIRE. Had there been a fire, the pilots and most likely the plane itself would have radioed home pretty sharpishly. The pilots would have pointed the plane back towards KL and landed pronto. Any fire serious enough to knock out the ACARS instantaneously would have resulted in the plane heading back to Earth like a lawn dart within 20 minutes.
Would be nice if everyone just waited for the FACTS to come out and stop putting forth so many of their own ideas. Media, you are as guilty as those "experts" who just love to give their opinions. Perhaps we need to get back to the days of true reporting.
I think the speculation about this plane is out of control. Why doesn't everyone just wait until there is more concrete evidence such as Actual plane debris and flight data recorders discovered and analyzed?
This scenario makes sense to me. They did their best in an emergency and were overcome.
Pure speculation and people are falling for it---this is the same as lying since no one knows anything for sure and the media keeps it going, going and going! Why not find some PROOF first and then do some realistic reporting? Why are the governments hiding what's really going on?---there's my speculation!!!
Analysis: The media is spending too much freaking time on this story, and doing too much damned speculation!
I have a sneaking suspicion that somewhere in Pakistan is a smoking crater and the remains of a jet liner and a US cruise missile. There is more suspicious facts about the disappearance this plane than the Boston Marathon or Sandy Hook.
I agree with Jerry, there are still too many ifs to come to a final conclusion that has been reached. The thing that has bothered me from the start is, why would and experienced pilot shut off a transponder, and why is it able to be shut off at all?
hmmm, so the plane flew 3000 miles past 15 possible landing strips with no mayday, transponders turned off, flight simulator data deleted. oh yes, the pilot must be a hero. ABSOLUTELY NOT!! he was probably yelling alluh akbar all down the indian ocean until he crashed the freaking plane.
Until the Captain's family is located, the story can not be finished. People do not disappear for no reason. There is no explanation on how the plane turned south after heading Easy back over Malaysia. Somebody had to be alive to make that 90 degree turn.
It's curious how Anderson Cooper and CNN spent an entire evening talking about the below deck electrical room without anybody asking if that room could hold a stow away.
Why was the plane off course? Why was it flying below radar so it could not be track? A lot of questions but we will probably never have answers. There will be a lot of speculation but we will never know what really happened. I am waiting to se if they find the plane and what condition it is in .The news media can report all it wants but it will be speculation or regurgitating what someone else thinks.
More like the pilots WANT us to think that they tried to save the plane so their family members are not dragged through the streets.
Likely cause of this disaster is that during a complete loss of cabin pressure, one of the crew entered a computer code for a pre-programmed computer instruction for a return to the mainland (used in its return flight from China to Malaysia). But there was no one alive to land the plane when it returned to Malaysia. The plane simply continued on.
While loss of cabin pressure is a viable theory, it still does not render the pilots incapacitated. The pilots and passengers each have a separate emergency supply on commercial airliners. This emergency supply is only used if the compression system through the engines for some reason stops working. The pilot’s emergency supply lasts much longer than the passengers (for obvious reasons). The emergency supply last for at least 22 minutes. That is more than enough time to get the plane to a lower altitude where you don’t need oxygen. So no that still does not take the pilot off the hook. The likely hood of the compression system and the emergency supply both failing is nearly impossible.
how in hell can anybody believe anything reported on tv after all the BS! I believe in Santa Claus not reporters or politicians.
Find the plane first, and then we can start guessing on what really happened.
I have a feeling that we will never know what truly happened on this flight regardless of what they tell us.
Unfortunately there have been so many inconsistencies in what happened that no one now will ever believe with certainty the final story, regardless of what it is.
Is it just me, or does everything about this story (from beginning to end) seem really wrong ? I know Malaysia isn't going down in history as a technology leader, but damn ? Those idiots make Obama and his crew of stooges look like rocket scientists.
Here comes the cover up. The last article I read said they did the same thing with the last pilots that committed suicide.
OK, so will will now rule out the fact that the captain went to court that day and watched his dear friend and political leader get sent to prison on trumped up charges of sodomy. And for Muslim, that isn't exactly the same kind of charge someone non-Muslim living in San Fran would take to. In that case, the party hats would come out.
In this day and age why is the black box even in the plane, why can't the info been beamed to the cloud real time as a redundant system to the physical black box. There may be a few technological obstacles, but I gotta think the technology to do this is possible, maybe even simple.
Wake up people, this plane was taken to the middle of the ocean so the wreckage would never be found. It reversed course in order to accomplish this, so it was a deliberate act. This is just #$%$ about the pilots trying to save the plane, try taking your child on a boat trip to the middle of an ocean and running out of fuel.
From what I've seen of the Malaysian officials so far, I wouldn't trust them for the time of day.
There has been nothing but speculation since day one. This will go down as an unsolved mystery.
Whatever happen to "Innocent until proven guilty"? What is happening to "humanity"? People need to chill AND await the "FACTs!" REMEMBER, the truth lies with the experts, NOT the Malaysian Prime Minister, Transport Minister or any high rank officials! They brings comforts and assurances to the people, they do not investigate but their subordinate does AND whatever findings, its given to the "demanding" public without delay. So people, STOP MAKING A QUICK BUCK OUT OF THE OFFICIALs OF MALAYSIA!
So to make this short- autopilot was flying on until fuel ran out and it crashed LONG after everyone else died of, most likely, smoke inhalation?
They 'may' have. Thank you for that strong analysis!
Well I say its a staged event ad untl they can produce the plane I will continue to stand by that theory,I think a sinister new weapon was used on the plane and they rode this story out just as long as they could and let the people feel as though they were part of it,Just like Sandyhook was a false flag,There is something here that doesnt add up,Like no airplane for starters!People should not be trusig what they are being told,Demand to see evidence,We live in a world where you cant sneeze without somebody knowing about it Yet we lost a130 ton plane,Yah OK!
Here is a novel idea of which I myself are guilty of not following at first, however we could both personally and those in the media try holding off on opinions until the conclusion of the investigation or at the very least until a lot more info is gathered.
Seems like as each day goes on the Malaysian authorities keeps painting a different picture on this whole matter.
If the pilots had been in control enough to try and save the plane why no radio call and why would they stay over water with no possibility of landing? They either know nothing or just aren't saying. Makes me wonder if they even really know where it came down.
Interesting the way commentators parse the English words of people for whom English is obviously a second (and difficult0 language. Similar to parsing American football coaches' language when all they are trying to do is hurry and get out of the room.
The press could tell us anything, shoot we don't know. I do find it odd that The First Lady finally takes a trip to China, just days after this incident, especially after all the other times she shunned China in the past. She also refused the press any access. Just curious, what might have happened to Snowden had anyone been aware of his actions previous to his arrival in China? Did he also fly Malaysian Airlines?
This article jumps to conclusions all over the place...
Everything is on the table until they find the flight recorder or some other hard evidence. The writer doesn't offer a logical explanation for why the plane flew for 7 hours after dropping to 12000 feet.
What a great day for Malaysian Air! Now they confirm the plane went down in the Indian Ocean and their pilots were heroes trying to save the plane. Is anybody else getting dizzy form all this spin?
It smells and looks more like a cover up with every passing hour. I feel so sorry the relatives of those on board. The Malaysian government had no right telling them the plane crashed without gathering physical proof first. It makes me sick.
Simply put, the electrical components would have been switched off due to an electrical fire. It is entirely plausible that there was a fire in the cockpit, and after putting it out, the pilots struggled to control the plane manually, with no autopilot, no gauges, no communication available. They flew trying to find a safe place to land, but due to not having reliable instruments to guide them to an airport, they flew a heading in the general direction of a known airport. They missed it. They eventually run out of fuel and crash. Not terrorism. Not aliens. Not some nefarious plot. Simply put, a fire. As far as phone communications from passengers. They could have possibly not known there was a problem until much later, at which point they were out over the ocean. Guess what, I've never seen a cell phone tower out floating in the ocean.
Yea fly it several hours to the most desolate region of the Southern Indian Ocean. Not buying it
Fires create a toxic gas that can quickly take someone out of commission. That could also explain why they overshot the airport. But it wasn't a terrorist act.
Even a cub scout has a reasonable grip on direction . Going WSW at that time , over the ocean , would have caused a pilot to wonder where he was and look at the sun for guidance . If International Pilots are that clueless I won't be flying to Australia anytime soon .
Bo , your reasoning is as good if not better than many. Andrew, it was a night flight.
I think they know what happened, but nobody wants to publicly acknowledge it! Last week, on Piers Morgan, a retired Interpol officer said that terrorists had claimed responsibility but nobody thought the group had such capability. Did we know that Al-Qaeda had the capability prior to 9/11?
Too much Wrong coverage-information -expert testimony-all in all crap going out over the media. Shame on all of you so called Professional anchors experts and other so call Journalists..! The Pilots have been wrongly accused. You just have to have a "NEWS ALERT MOMENT to add to you credentials which are worth ZIP!!
BS....Nobody knows. Yahoo is a bunch of yahoos writing this propaganda. If this was the case why turn off tracking devices? Is it normal to have two Iranians with fake passports on board? Bottom line no one knows yet. Yahoo stop speculating to sell news! Yahoo is turning into a National Enquirer!
I know this is a DB article, not Yahoo per se, but it is more of an editorial than an expository piece. It would have been helpful to know that before I started reading. At the same time, maybe we all wanted to believe this was the pilots because it seems like, rather a rational thought or not, you can screen pilots better. But spontaneous fires seem to random to control. That is a frequent flyer's nightmare.
The writers comments about the French pilot, flight attendants and champagne are out of line, implying pilots party during flight which I would not believe for a second.
If the pilots were on a suicide mission, why the need to evade detection anyway - not like anyone could have done anything about it if they were intent on driving it into the ocean. To top it off, if it were suicide for a political statement, to do it in a way that no one ever really knows what happened?That theory never made sense to me.
All speculation until we actually have a body.
This story gets more bizarre with every passing day. With the present day media just spouting off whatever angles they feel will get ratings, you really never know what, (if anything) to believe anymore.
This is not a legitimate news report. This is sensationalism trying to drum up readers.
No idea how you came to that conclusion Dave. I guess you enjoy all the rumors. It was obvious that what I meant is wait for the facts before reporting endless streams of rumors and conjecture,
Is it confirmed that the debris is actually the plane or is is still just a hunch like yesterday?
Malaysia has a lot less liability if they can somehow pin this problem on Boeing. That seems to be what they are doing with this story.
Malaysia has no idea what happen, but always want to safe face! With the already dying Malaysia Airlines, and now costing the government millions of dollars each day to do the search, they just want to close it by saying "sorry it crashed and its gone, check please!" Disgusting and irresponsible as a country. I lost a friend for no reason, and I swear if I can boycott Malaysia I will.
Fire on board. ascended to 45k to try and put it out, pulled fuses in the cockpit. Turned to the nearest airport, descended to 12k, with the plane on autopilot they were all overcome by smoke and flew out to sea where it finally ran out of fuel and fell into the ocean. Screw the media and their fear mongering headlines. They are worthless.
If this plane crashed from a cargo fire or other mechanical reasons, we will probably never find it. If it was diverted to Pakistan or wherever, we will find out when they use it for a terror attack. Until then, could we please go back to real news?
The narrative keeps changing. I don't think we'll ever know what really happened. The story that the media has been feeding us doesn't make sense and is full of contradictions. I am truly sorry for the families who are going through such an agony and, of course, for all the lost lives on this flight.
It seems like the government just gave up to appease the families. There is no proof of anything and why did a plane change course and fly seven more hours in the open Indian ocean when they might have landed closer if the plane was in trouble?
All speculation. This whole incident with it's media side show has no basis on any facts. Yet they continue to put out their speculations. I can olny hope when and if the real story can be told, the ones who made all these stories of why and how, have to hide in embarassment. Bottom line, no one know anything on what REALLY happened while they were in flight so learn to SHUT UP!!
This sounds like more speculation. We need more FACTS not theory. This "story" is just another spin trying to make everyone who had a theory feel foolish about their inferences.
I seriously don't think they have a clue what happened to the airplane... they are just getting the media and the world off the subject...so they can move on
Did I miss something? Last time I heard, they still hadn't actually found even one scrap of actual wreckage and now this story about the re-creation of the events leading up to the crash? Sounds like the mainstream media has an agenda they are trying to push....as usual.
I think the younger guy turned off the instruments so he could do a quick fly bye over his home island to show off, then got lost.
The fact is that the writer of this story has no more information than anyone else. He is just using what little information there is to add to or discount the growing list of theories as to what happened to or on board the aircraft that resulted in its loss. I'd prefer to wait for a little thing called evidence, which may never be found.
Does anyone really know? I don't think so. Last week it was an act of an evil person. Then the plane was most likely in the south Indian Ocean, then it could have been in a hostile country, then it could have been anything you want it to be. I doubt that we will ever know unless we recover the "black box" shortly. I am sorry for the family of the passengers because they will never know.
When you put a destination in the planes computer will the plane "CIRCLE' the site once reached or just blow past your plotted destination and just keep going? anyone know?
It definitely would NOT "circle" the destination. In all likelihood, it would just keep going. [retired airline Captain]
At this point we are all speculating Its the families of these victims who need closure.Iam sure if it were our families we would feel exactly the same way.Its hard but I think we have to be realistic about the situation.Its now over 2 weeks with no solid evidence to go on.We can only pray to god that there souls may rest in peace wherever they are.
Had the plane developed any sort of problems, finding the nearest airport would be one of the pilot’s best decision. However, flying a defective plane for hours over the ocean lacks convincing significance.
It flew over the ocean because it was on auto pilots, and pilots were dead by than, as were most likely, all the passengers and crew. It's pretty logical that all passengers died or were unconscious very quickly, otherwise someone would contact a family member, send a message, anything (even in case of hijacking).
Lots of international media trashing both pilots. NEVER EVER i read in any Malaysians newspaper trashing both pilots . Searching the pilots house is a standard procedure . We malaysians are always supportive of both pilots . To me this article is more to slander
So it is possible to have the story as: Electronic Fire and Cabin pressure drops... Pilots scramble to turn off unnecessary electronic equipment Pilots give computer instructions towards nearest airport Pilots and all pass out from cabin pressure loss Plane flys new course on auto pilot with everyone passed out until runs out of fuel What could save a plane full of people with everyone passed out?
Why didn't they radio a mayday though?
Kat .. possibly damaged communications system and passed out pilots?
Peet, the timeline just doesn't support that scenario though. The plane took off at 12:41am, reached a cruising altitude of 35,000 feet at 1:01am and six minutes later, at 1:07 a.m., the Malaysian authorities say, the plane sent its last ACARS message, which reported nothing amiss.
The Prime Minister of Malaysia further sullies his country's reputation as he yesterday made a premature announcement without concrete proof that the plane went down and portrayed it as official. Malaysia has done nothing but looked silly & second rate throughout this whole ordeal.
Headline says pilots may have tried to save plane.. like they may have just let it fall without tryin anything. Of course they tried everything they could to save their life. i wanna fight someone who is in charge with yahoo editing..like a bloody back alley brawl kinda fight...
Still a major hole in this authors story. They change direction, and drop down low o get on the ground ASAP because something is wrong. Then why did they continue to fly for multiple hours and end up in the middle of the ocean?
That dan, is the 64k question.
If they are to head toward the nearest airport in case of an emergency, why is it possible the plane would up in the Indian ocean? there was an airport along route when they took the left turn. something seems fishy. unless everyone was unconscious and the plane was flying on its own but why no distress call only - all good, good night.
It appears that the Malaysian government is trying hard and fast to shut down this debacle - they have NO answers, no debris, NO EVIDENCE, NOTHING. They try to move on and BEG the world to leave em alone - they just want it done and forgotten. There.
I do not understand why they just don't say, as of this precise time, we know nothing about what has happended to the flight, but we are working on it, and when we find something constructive, we will let everyone know. All of this speculation is just that, speculation, nothing concrete, as of now.
They don't even know what happened to it and can't find it. They can't possibly know what anyone on board did or didn't do.
I find this story hard to believe, first, it's awfully coincidental that the transponder went off just as they were being handed off to Vietnamese controllers, no mayday, unless....there was an explosion that killed the pilots, but then who programmed it to turn around? Why did it happen just as it left Malaysian contact? I ain't buying it.
all stupid conjecture. Nothing should be written until the plane is found and IF there is any compelling evidence. Highly unlikely we will ever know what happened
I am sure both pilots did everything in their power to save their aircraft and their passengers. The Malaysian government is looking for a scapegoat. Any scapegoat will do.
Have an emergency on board, shut off tracking system and not ONE WORD to local air traffic control? I don't believe it for one second. If it had been an emergency they had time to turn the plane, descend to 12000 feet but could not send out a distress signal? Nice try, but totally unbelievable.
This is ALL a theory.. Not based in fact.. Im sorry after all this time were not buying the BS anymore.. Anybody can make up a story about what happened because there is no concrete evidence to prove otherwise.. The only known fact is this plane flew for far too long for it to be an accident.
Yesterday the pilots had mental issues and were behind the disaster, I bet tom morrow they will be the bad guys again.
All I had to do was read the headline to post this. Yeah right, after the last voice said " alright good night" then manually switch off all communications to the plane including the transponder? They expect us yo believe the pilots may have tried to save the plane. If they really tried hard enough they could have asked any ofvthe 227 passengers if they can send out a distress call? Or better yet ask for a guidance plane to help them land. Thats what I call trying to save the plane.
and, poker, the course direction had changed prior to that last voice communications with the tower. if something was wrong, there was opportunity to indicate so given they changed course prior to the final communication. only logical that if they changed course due to a problem that they would indicate so.
If there was a fire on the plane, wouldn't the pilots have to turn of most of their electronic systems to find what the source was? But then, I am not sure why they didn't turn it back on if they were able to fly for eight hours after that.
if there was a fire on the plane it would have chewed up the oxygen really quickly. no 8 hour flight. get back to my point. they turned the plane prior to the final communication. if there was trouble, wouldn't logic point to communication of that?
When we finally get to listen to the blackbox recordings of all that transpired before the crash... it will demonstrate that every one of the guesses by "authority" was nothing more than a ruse to gain attention for that "authority" from the media cameras. Huddles of public bureaucrats at every corner and in every news alert.... all trying to be the "authority" .....
Cockpit voice recorders don't record the whole journey, just about the last half an hour i think. So if everyone on board was incapacitated for a time, you won't hear anything. The data recorder must be found to solve this mystery.
This is ludicrous , the plane was flown down to a isolated extremist colony in some foreign country harboring terrorists. It's likely all of the passengers are not still alive but , some may be being held as POW's of these A hole's Holy war. We're " the U.S. and it's allies " not allowed access to the air space over these countries to search , so maybe we need to get the SR71 up and running again , Thank you Mr, Clinton for discontinuing the funding for the greatest reconnaissance plane ever devised , that plane could fly in and fly and out at 100.00 ft , at 2000mph , and out run the any surfaceto air missles trying to take it down. It's capabilities were made for these type of searches in air space that we're prohibited from.
What bunk! These soothsayers are now trying to make heroes out of these Muslim pilots.
Am I wrong, or was this plane essentially headed to the middle of nowhere? How exactly does that equate to trying to save the plane?
Why would Yahoo let this guy post an article such ineptitude?
If there was some kind of problem and they were doing everything by the book in finding ways to contain etc., save the plane, it would have been nearer to turn plane around and go back to where they came from, or even continue onto their destination than change course entirely and fly on for another 7 hours on trying to land somewhere else.
We will never know what happen in this case. All we can do is pray for the family members and pray that the souls of the passengers are resting in peace...
I guess hijackers may negotiate with the captains to keep travelers alive but something happened and ended up crashed in the ocean, a heroic act.
Clive will be interviewing the pilot on his next blog.
Well, this has been a great exercise in watching people who don't know #$%$ all about the world jump to radical conclusions about the motivations of 2 normal guys from Malaysia who happened to be Muslim. Get out of your momma's basements already you fools.
Newest version of the story from Malaysia. Next!
Cover story, correction, new cover story, new correction. This all sounds like the single bullet theory. I don't think we'll ever know what really happened. Too many details in this story defy logic. Not to worry though, there will be a new correction in a couple days.
The Malaysian government should have not thrown all kinds of theories without credible proof of what actually happened. Even to the extent of trashing the character of the pilots without basis I think is really stupid, and totally unfair to the pilots and their families while for all we know, they are the ones trying to save the plane and its passengers.
This is one of the best written articles I have read thus far concerning this tragedy. I never liked how the pilot was having his reputation tarnished before an ounce of proof was found and that ridiculous notion that having a simulator in your home is some how sinister was the last straw. I have heard on the news stations over the last couple of weeks damage happening to planes while in the air. On one some panels blew off the wing while in flight, the next was one had to land shortly after take off do to smoke in the cargo area and then of course this horrible thing with 370.
Lets be realistic....Transponder was intentionally turned off. Plane made a deliberate turn towards the Indian Ocean. No Mayday or emergency calls. Evidence it flew as low as 10000 ft to possibly avoid radar detection. Possible crash site is in one of the most remote places on earth...maybe to avoid being found. You dont fly an airliner carrying 239 people for 7 to 8 hours towards the Southern Indian Ocean.
The one thing blaming the pilots politics on this crash did is make me and I'm sure others look into this guy the pilot was a supporter of and see how 3rd world backwater and corrupt Malaysian politics are today. They jailed their biggest opposition candidate on sodomy charges. Claiming of course (and totally not believable) that the charges were not politically motivated.
You don't know how this works by now???? A black man is in the White House - he MUST be anti-American and hell bent on destroying this great country! His middle name is Hussein?!?!?!!?!? By God that PROVES he is a terrorist!!!! How did we allow this???? The pilot of the missing plane is Malaysian and had a flight simulator in his house!?!?!?! He OBVIOUSLY was a terrorist who brought this plane down on purpose!!! Welcome to life in the Fox News Generation!
I am not saying don't trash him if there is proof found but I think we have lost something in our society as far as innocent until proven guilty. That may not hold water in other countries but in America we should not do any less. It is our justice system and that should extend through the media as well. I personally have been skeptical of this entire thing and have been running questions through my head as a couple of you pointed out BUT the US has not stepped in with any ideas yet even though there were some Americans on board as well. My thought is how does someone fly a plane for hours if it is damaged without so much as a distress signal BUT then again maybe the equipment was damaged and shut down. It can happen. Maybe the pilot purposely kept it over the water hoping it would be righted or transmission would resume so he could land it instead of attempting a blind landing and possibly killing more people crashing on land. There are just to many questions.
RE: "My thought is how does someone fly a plane for hours if it is damaged without so much as a distress signal ..." Um, doesn't anyone remember the Helios 737 (if my memory serves me correctly) or Payne Stewart's plane? Planes DO fly on for long periods of time with dead or unconscious people in them.
Dead or unconscious people is something totally different than damage done to the plane itself, which is what I was referring to. It seems habit more and more for one to strip a sentence or two from a response and contort it to a different meaning just by omitting the rest of the written word... thus losing the entire body of the original written contents meaning.
Even the executive from INMARSAT said the Malaysians rushed to judgement with their findings. The Malaysians have run this clown circus into the ground with ineptitude the likes of which have not been seen since the Keystone Cops. Informing the families of the passengers today that souls were lost - via TWEETS - was unconscionable on every level imaginable. The Malaysians have had a secretive and corrupt government for years (like their neighbors, Indonesia). I hope there is an investigation of this fiasco of a search, when all is said and done - and NOT by any committee headed up by a Malaysian!
They needed to say something to close out this news story. Debris could be found from KH type Satellites. Probably others I am not aware of. Having worked on the KH program I know their capabilities. The ocean is a BIG place, but with a a few hours of KH usage, Computers to crunch the data with Pattern Recognition Algorythms - Debris - If there - Would be found complete with VERY Close up Immages
If the flight data recorder, and the cockpit recorder were turned off as has been claimed, why bother to look for the plane. We are all going to die soon, life is short, get on with living, and let the dead R.I.P.
I think at this point we can only take the words for face value. Until there is hard evidence it's purely theory.
They are forgetting one scenario, an electrical fire would take out the transponders at different times. Then render the crew defenseless with controls maybe even unconscious or dead. That makes more sense to me as the plane flew until out of fuel.
Ok, I will back up what I believe with cold hard facts. First of all they came out today and said that all lives were lost on the plane and how did they come to this conclusion? By some revolutionary math that they just figured out. First of all I know you aren't naive enough to believe that because if that was really the case they would of used that "math" in the first 48 hours to find this plane. Also so no distress signals, no cell phone calls no nothing were made when this plane just fell from the sky? That's interesting because even on one of the 9/11 planes phone calls were made before it crashed. Here is what I do think and possibly even know. I personally think the plane is or was in Diego Garcia. If you don't know where that is or what it is then I will provide a link. Diego Garcia is an island close to the Maldive Islands in the Indian Ocean. The British own this top secret island and the US has their Navy and CIA stationed there. Here's a link of what this place is. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diego_Garcia Also the plane's destination was supposed to be China which is 2628 miles. It is 2617 miles to Diego Garcia. Here's the timeline. 1:21 AM was the last contact that was made. Around 6:15 residents from Kuda Huvadhoo spotted a low flying very loud airplane. They even described the plane as being white with red stripes. Now these are residents of the Maldives and I don't think they would just make something up like that especially when they reported it the day after the plane was reported missing. It takes around 4 hours and 30 mins to fly from Malaysia to Diego Garcia. Which means the times would be very close to matching from the spotted plane to the approx landing time at Diego Garcia. If they in fact do find the plane remnants or plane debris then it was either planted there or maybe even flown there later on once they got or did what they needed. Our technology is so great that it's impossible to lose a plane out of thin air and then it takes 14 days to find it. That's something that most people would believe, but it's actually impossible. If the plane would of crashed the black box would of sent of signals and the plane would of been found ASAP. That's what the black box is designed for. If the plane was falling fast as it would in a crash then someone would of attempted to phone their family, but no one did or if they did the companies aren't reporting it. Don't you find it strange that they have reported everyone dead and they haven't even found the plane or anything? If they really found it then why aren't they going to get it. It would only take an hour to fly there. It's a set up for what I am not sure or why I am not sure, but it's for a reason. It scares me to think that so many people would believe what is being told to us. Whatever you hear on the news it's always the opposite. You probably believe that 9/11 was real too even though evidence obviously shows it wasn't. Right now many people are waking up to what's happening in this world. I don't stress myself out about it nor do I worry, but I do prepare. The gov is always trying to demonize people like me because they don't want the truth getting out, but this airline hoax was a little ridiculous and I will leave it at that.
I bet that if they found the plane 2 weeks later 95% of the planet would believe whatever the news said that happened. That is probably what will happen. If they don't find THE plane then they might find A plane that is very similar.
100% Spot on Josh. I speak from a position of knowing this is a total False Flag. The area of my knowledge is in the Satellite imagery being shown to us. All of it is late 60' to early 70's Technology. I analyzed Satellite Images in the mid 70's for the US Navy. These images bring back memories of Operations Intelligence School where we used images from the late 60's and early 70's.....
We used those images for training purposes. Somehow I hit post before finishing....
This plane did not have the equipment for WIFI or cell phone service on board. Above around 8-10 thousand feet your cell phone is useless, on top of that they were in the middle of the ocean, no cell towers out there.
it's just way too confusing anymore to make any sense out of any stories on this plane... it's all conjecture
Can we find out how many commercial airline pilots worldwide have a flight simulator in their homes? Is this unusual or common place?
How many times has this changed? You never know what to believe since three hours later the story will be all different.
No more stupid #$%$ theories.... reporting by the news media has taken this profession to the lowest of lowest. Where has the credible, ethical fact sharing (manipulating) reporting gone? This society has gone to trash with social media, microaggressions and political correctness. GET A LIFE YOU #$%$
It's really ironic how this story has taken a 180 on what happened when contact was lost.
I was very glad to hear this. I know all the Family's are suffering but none more then the Pilot's families. I can't imagine going through the past two weeks if a member of my family had been aboard but if I knew the entire world was blaming that family member it would be beyond horrid. For the sake of their family's I hope this is true. CNN hasn't helped in anyway. I've lost all respect for them. Right now we have close to 200 missing American's from a mudslide in Washington and they can't give that five minutes of coverage.
If I was trying to save a jet I would not turn off the transponder and fly in a different direction entirely. But I guess that is just me.
You would not make a very good pilot then--when fire or smoke occurs pilots start turning off electronics to isolate the problem. Also if flying too the closest airport means turning around--then you turn around
Eric the news reported that there were no airports in vicinity and yes you keep the transponder on in distress as that way survivors can be located in the event of emergency. But I think you know a good pilot when you see one I suppose.
Hey Eric how many airports could have they reached in the 7 hours of flight after the transponder was turned off ?
No there were no airports in the vicinity He was over the South China Sea--I reccomend you read a theory that you will find on Wired or Google plus written by a veteran passenger jet pilot Chris Goodfellow--it explains under what circumstances a pilot would turn off a transponder (cockpit fire or smoke) and exactly why they made that left turn(It was towards the closest airport)
At ROn they probably died of smoke inhalation shortly aftre making the turn.. so the answer would be none.
Yep, they tried to save it for entire 8 hours without any communication. Sing me another one.
the pilots should be assumed innocent until it is proven otherwise. These men lost their lives in this crash! No one has come up with a motive for their crashing this plane on purpose.
I believe that once the "black box," is located/if (it is found ,) all the mystery on Malaysia Airlines misfortunate will be resolve. Too much speculation, and T.V. daily analysis, and opinions has gotten way out of proportion. We are facing a decade that somehow the Media feels they have to fill our screens, and pound whatever news into a pulp.
I don't think so. The black box just records stuff like altitude, flight course, flying speed, etc. It still won't tell anyone exactly what happened on-board -- whether this was a deliberate action by a pilot or a catastrophic system failure. Even after the black box is found, there will still be speculation about that. The only thing that would clear-up that mystery is finding and recovering the actual plane -- the fuselage, the engines, the components of the electrical systems, etc. THEN, they'd be able to tell if it was a mechanical problem, fire or more likely pilot suicide.
There's a lot of comments here from ppl who seem to know a lot about airline practices. I'm not one of them but, I am curious the flight plan changing (technologically) after the plane took off. Is this common practice? I wouldn't think so. I wonder why investigators aren't looking at potential computer hackers.
Too many holes in the article's scenario. Smoke does not kill instantly, so the pilot would have called on the radio. If there was a depressurization and they went to 12,000 feet, they would have survived. People climb to over 14,000 feet without any breathing gear all the time without any problems.
I find the way this article makes fun of the French pilots ridiculous and insulting. They are dead ! They obviously paid the high price for their negligence. Whoever wrote this was not in the cockpit and I find it of very bad taste to assume pilots were drinking champagne and having it just because they happened to be French.
I totally agree, I think, before we accuse these men of "evil deeds" we sould first find the equipment, investigate fully, find the truth, and leave these pilots families some peace, if it were later proven that one or both of the pilots did something illegal, then deal with those issues then.
I personally see three scenarios: 1) Foul play on part of one or both of the pilots is the most likely (one could lock the other out) 2) Incapacitated flight crew left plane on auto-pilot - Incapacitated by lack of cabin pressure and electrical problems (no transponder, no mayday call) - Incapacitated by terrorists Why would the plane be flown 7 hours to the southern Indian Ocean by either a "good" pilot trying to save the plane or a terrorist trying to crash into something (even the ocean)? Must have been on autopilot or more likely a deranged pilot.
Likely it was an electrical fire that went undetected. Once it was detected the pilot likely tried to get to the nearest runway but was to far away and crashed. It's very unlikely that this is a act of terrorism or a deranged pilot. Some of you people really need to stop with the conspiracy theories. The sad thing is even if they find out what happened and it's not to your liking you likely will not believe it and call it a lie.
I agree. I think the plane suffered a massive catastrophe, and the crew did what they could until the died.
Dale and Semper Fido, if it wasn't terrorism, why did they shut off the transponder and why didn't they radio any messages?
Dale - I did point out that electrical problems are a possibility - maybe they caused the transponder and communication systems to stop working. But the plane was apparently 1/2 hour from land but then turned and went straight across a wide-open ocean for 7 hours - doesn't sound like trying to find a runway or pilots trying to take any actions to me unless the crew was incapacitated and auto-pilot kept the plane flying until it ran out of fuel. Also, mine are not conspiracy theories which would be something like the plane was secretly commandeered by Iranian agents and landed safely in a hidden location so that it could later be used to delivery weapons of mass destruction against Israel or Western interests.
We have been treated to endless, and mostly baseless, bombardment of supposition and guessing, with very few actual facts, as to what happened. The topper, though, will always be CNN wondering if it could have flown into a black hole.
Pray for the lost souls and the surviving families.
Everything we read IS speculation. Nothing is a FACT Until the FDR and CVR are found.
Yup, they mean well. It's that too many people are pressuring a lot and they have to be fed something.
Probably doesn't do any good to defend the pilot unless you have a strong accusation that somebody non-pilot overtook the plane. The sudden emergency doesn't have a lot going for it, based all the info presented so far.
Nobody is ever going to know definitively unless they find the plane and the black box. Speculate all you want.
With all those technology and satellites we got, we can't find whereabouts of a huge plane and still rely on some fishermen or worst, our doubts and prejudices.
Sounds to me like the officials are trying to save their #$%$!
Who can believe anything. These are precisely the moments when the authorities lie most.
The airline is just trying to put their own spin on things to avoid the impending, massive lawsuit against them. They will no doubt suddenly find new evidence that the pilots tried heroically to save the plane so they don't get slapped with huge punitive damages. Typical Republican tactics. Blame someone else for the problem. Then when that doesn't work, lie and say they did everything in their power to prevent the tragedy, making the villains out to be heroes instead.
The only thing that is absolutely certain is that we just don't what happened and we never will unless the black box is found.
Mother Jones says the reason they can’t find the plane is due to climate change. The article said climate change has caused the ocean currents to change course and because of that everyone is looking in the wrong place. That liberal rag says they are looking in places where the plane would have been if it went down 30 years ago. Everyone has an opinion and they want you to believe that they are an expert.
I find this dive to 12,000 feet hard to buy. I don't think the craft would have had the fuel on board to ascend to cruising altitude again and then fly to Perth.
This article, as well as most others, are based on conjecture. Why can't we get facts BEFORE forming such unorthodox opinions and theories?
Just a few days ago it was a "black hole". They haven't reported news for some time now, its all opinion based, seldom facts
I concur with this narrative... It seems when the Malay government and Airline were faced with a tragedy involving hundreds for foreigners the first step was to feed their young ( the two pilots) to the beasts.
Nothing needs to be ruled out at this point since there is no concrete evidence of anything!
Remember, most of our 'experts' work or worked for organizations, like the FAA, whose responsibility it is to promote air travel and companies like Boeing. They have been so quick to blame these pilots and keep promoting the 'safety record' of the 777. Let's wait until are the facts are in……if they are ever in.
Whoever wrote the above article, I praise you. Too much have been said with little and nothing to go on. If you don't know the truth, keep your mouth shut. True, dead men can't defend themselves, don't abuse that fact to gain popularity for yourself by saying something you don't know enough to even speak about. The innocent family has been tortured enough. God will reveal the situation in due time. Enough said !!
From all the information streaming in from every news outlet imaginable it seems the Malaysians do not know their arss from a hole in the ground. Every news anchor has had a theory on this one. My favorite was the one who said the "plane was taken in by a black hole". Just the plane mind you. Not the entire planet. With hard hitting journalists like that we can't lose!
SOMETIMES YOU HAVE GOT TO THINK. THE PLANE DIDN'T FLY ON FOR 7 HRS, AND CERTAINLY NOT IF IT WAS ON FIRE! IT WAS IN FLIGHT WITH NO COMMUNICATIONS AND WAS LIKELY SHOT DOWN AS A SECURITY THREAT. IF IT WAS ON FIRE SOMEONE WOULD HAVE CALLED OR SENT A TEXT. NOTHING FLIES OVER DIEGO GARCIA OR EVEN CLOSE WITHOUT SOME IDENTIFICATION! IT HAS BEEN COVERED UP FROM DAY 1 AND ALWAYS WILL BE. MY CONDOLENCES TO ALL OF THOSE WHO WERE AFFECTED. I'M TRULY SORRY! BY THE WAY THE COVER UP WAS SLOPPY AT BEST!
You can't make a call or send a text out over the ocean. No towers.
Time Bomb Technician - send them your email address. they are looking for people with your lack of expertise and lack of knowledge to try to improve their conspiracy.
what is the airport going to do if the plane is on fire, put it out in mid air?
All this is only speculation till the black box recovered and only the professional do the construction based on all the facts and summary out to the world. The rest is still speculation. Bless to all.
"Have the Malaysians Stopped Trashing the Pilots?" Really?? Every US 'expert' has taken every opportunity to throw out the 'suicide' theory since the very beginning. That former head of the FAA, Schiavo, was the only one to say to be careful because the pilots usually turn out to be the ones to have taken heroic actions instead of suicidal actions. Let the damn thing play out before throwing these guys under the bus.
I speculate that the person writing this news story is an idiot. No educated person would put forth such poor example of writing if they actually were hired by a news reporting agency. Oh wait… right… journalistic ethics now only consist of how many click-throughs are generated. Also, no need to have the headline be consistent with the article. Brilliant. Just brilliant.
By the way, how are the Kardashians doing? Let's get onto something we really need to know!
Heard this from a pilot who has flown the Boeing 777-200 and he laid out a likely scenario. Something like this happened to a Boeing 777 while it was on the runway ready for take out. A oxygen line under the control panel, developed a leak and a fire broke out. Everyone was able to get off the plane and the fire was put out, but the cabin suffered major damage. If it had been in the air, they would have lost all control and radio communications and it would have crashed. You can Google it, read the story and see the pictures....
not likely here dude...wake up to the more likely scenario of pilot suicide
But would it have changed flight and kept going for another 7 1/2 hours? no way...
If a mechanical problem, why was there no mayday call?
Interestingly enough, this article is published a little too late. After everything, from aliens to black holes and religious fanatics, the facts remain the same: no one knows what happened, yet. Well, except for the black hole and aliens theories.....
News flash: the Malaysian plane will never be recovered. It has sunk in the Indian ocean. Why this disaster occurred will remain a mystery forever. Deal with it.
Just what kind of a gibberish article is this? Whoever put out this article should be publicly flogged. What the hell is he saying? Absolutely nothing. Yet, he is defending the pilots? On what basis? Absolutely amazing how many publicity seeking semi-animal keep yapping about this. There is so far no proof either the pilots did this or not. To put up a headline like this is criminal.
We're so accustomed, in this age of technology, to having quick, accurate answers and we want them NOW. ASAP and anything less than that is just simply unacceptable! We need to relax and let circumstances unfold.
It is Hillary's fault. But, what difference does that make now?
Is there anything safe about flying out to a remote location in the South Indian Ocean after turning off all means of tracking?
Finally sanity is returning to the explanations. When this crazy ride first began, I suggested a catastrophic event instead of terrorism, and I was bombarded by hateful people telling me to go color my hair and bake cookies.
I undo her chains for five minutes and she's back on the internet. WOMEN!
I love how Yahoo sums up the fallacies in hindsight of the original stories that it posted and condoned.
A major electrical short would have caused the fuel pumps to stop working and cut the engines off so that scenario is a no go.
The fact is that the transponders stopped operating immediately after last contact and 7 hours before the plane went down. That is not something that would happen if the pilots were trying to save a distressed airplane. There is no reason to turn off equipment such as this and definitely not something that would've crossed the pilots mind in the event of an emergency. After last contact they almost immediately turned the plane around and continued to pass over runways they could have safely landed on. Not exactly the actions of a pilot in distress. Attempting to marginalize the fact that flight simulations were deleted from his personal simulator is ridiculous. That is not only completely relevant to this investigation but also shows potential malice from the pilot. In the end I believe this was a suicide mission from the get-go, This pilot wants to be famous and have his name in the history books for a mystery that could potentially never be fully resolved. It's no different than a terrorist or mass murderer who just wants to be in the news.
oh for crying in a bucket ! way too many mistakes for this to be anything other then an experienced pilots successful attempt at suicide. or an attempt to hijack a plane gone horribly wrong by someone extremely familiar with all aspects of that kind of plane such as a pilot
...and why go through all that to kill yourself, when there are so many easier routes.
One thing is for sure and that is the HONESTY of most of the MALAYSIAN officials handling this very serious event. Someone decided to play CYA for the reasons unknown. $$$$$?
So, one of the emergency procedure is to turn off the transponder and ACARS. I understand aviate, navigate, communicate. What happened to communicate? There were several people in the cockpit right? And if it went thru Malaysian airspace, how come the government did not detect this aircraft flying into Malaysian airspace?
The irresponsible reporting on this story was extreme before this most hideous addition. This seems to me to be evidence of only one thing. Scumbags write trash because dummies buy trash.
What the H/E/L/L/ is going on here? Guess they'll never tell us the truth, as usual.
I remember back in the day, "news reporters" had to GET THE FACTS before they could print anything. Now it seems anyone and everyone can just jump to conclusions and print what ever they want without actually KNOWING what is happening. "oh well I believe"...these families don't care what YOU believe, they want the truth AND facts !! And "I believe" that's what we the readers would like also !!
Every time I read an article about this airplane, I come away even more confused.
They still don't have even one piece of debris! This is frustrating for me, and I cannot begin to understand what the families feel!
It is a big ocean in that area. They are trying to get the ships there to look. That will take time.
THEY HAD TWO WEEKS TO GET THERE!
@35knots a ship from Peth would have reached that area in 37 hrs WE had Naval ships out there, they got orders to leave!
the truth about what happened aboard this flight will never fully be known to the general public, the story and truth's they swear are fact have changed so many times. sadly the families can see through all this attempted obfuscation and are rightfully angry and frustrated... i hope they will find peace in their hearts soon.
Is he saying that none of the turns, altitude changes and so that the Malaysians described happened?
No one knows what happened and I don't think that they ever will. I believe the plane crashed into the ocean and they will never find it. I am just giving my opinion
The Malaysian government is nothing but a bunch of liars! They probably known the whole time where it is.
I just checked the cost of a Satellite phone and they range from $700 to $1,300 each. The cost per minute for joe shmoe individual is $750 for 1000 minutes or $0.75 per minute over 2 years. Now suppose that all world airline negotiate collectively for two phones on every airline (lets ballpark it at 25,000 airline and each one needing 100,000 minutes a year (that's only 139 days of flying 12 hours a day, probably a low estimate), That makes it 2.5 Billion minutes per year minimum. At that collective volume, there is no way they will pay more than 1 penny per minute. So an 6 hour flight (360 minutes) sending flight data continuously real time costs only $3.60 per flight or $7.20 if you want to have complete redundancy and sending the data twice t o be extra safe of no failures. The cost for 50,000 phones (2 per plane) will probably be no more than $400 each at that volume. Lets assume installation costs $8000 per plane (2 sat phones each) The total cost is $20 Million for the phones, $200 Million for the installation One time cost plus $50 Million per year operating cost for the 100K minutes per plane to implement a dual system on every airline in the world with 100% transmitting of the data in real time (twice) Sadly, the cost of the rescue of this one flight alone, will exceed the cost of the one time and operating cost for the next 10 years. Clearly, the airlines around the world care a lot more about making a few dollars more than they care about the safety of their customers and employees
Dude you got way to much time on your hands!
Interesting. No, they wouldn't want to do it. Big companies encourage 'Cost Savings,' schemes, in which very junior salaried employees can submit plans to save money for personal rewards. They can undo things that would surprise you; things initially founded well above their own pay grade. This middle-management doesn't care about long-term quality, or long-term profits.
@ general, that took all of 3 minutes to look up cost and 3 minutes to crunch through the numbers
ps, I fly a lot over very large bodies of water. In the case of a water landing, if they have real time data, and there is luck on your side, small chance people will survive. without real time data, a few hours delay means everyone is dead due to hypothermia even if the crash was in caribbean warm water. needless to say, flight safety is near and dear to my heart
Im not saying that the flight vanished due to aliens, but it was aliens.
This explanation of events makes infinitely more sense.
What I think is odd is that there were no phone calls from any of the passengers during this long period of time; I find it hard to believe that a "major" event was occurring on the plane without the passengers becoming aware of it and frantically trying to call relatives.
Honestly I will believe no "official" narrative until the plane is found. Never have I heard of an airliner doing what this one did and disappearing without a trace. Now the pilots are heroes. Maybe they were. I don't know. What I do know is that I don't trust anything I'm being told right now (or over that last couple weeks either).
cockpit structure failure do to positive and negative wind stress and micro bending of metal around the windows do to landing and take off that the MH370 did so much. The pilot saw a fracture and turned the plane toward the nearest airport and he was overcome and plane passed over the airport on autopilot in a straight line towards kuda huvadhoo island.
Id rather believe that aliens have abducted them as opposed to what the media speculates.
Flames would have started in the cargo hold from the lithium batteries. The toxic fumes would have rendered everyone on the plane (pilots included) unconscious, in a fairly quick manner. The pilot could have turned off the Transponder in a confused state. Since the fire needed oxygen to thrive, and there was a limited amount of oxygen in the cargo hold, it could have snuffed itself out - but the poisonous fumes would have remained, thus rendering the pilots unable to fly the plane. Being on Auto Pilot would have guided the plane in a path to the south Indian Ocean, where it ran out of fuel and crashed. This also explains why no one used their cell phones....they were incapacitated by the toxic fumes and therefore, could not function well enough to grab their phones and call someone. It happened very quickly.
it could be possible, maybe mechanical failure, but the pilots are human too, and they cant do anything if something happen to the plane,the most they can do is to try all the emergencies they learned, and they have life to protect and families to think about but what can they do if something happened up there 35 000 feet, and remember it is flying not on the ground..
Maybe our military shot this one down too like they did TWA flight 800. Check the manifest. Whose death benefited the government?
Until the black box is found all they can do is speculate. Enough already.
Wow, it went from pilot being suicidal then pilot being a terrorist and now pilot might have tried to save the plane?!? Go #$%$ yourself!
One thing you can't program in to a computer is the unknown, so regardless of what data was fed in to the British computers it wasn't empiracle evidence but some #$%$ typing in a computer just like I'm doing now. So I type MH370 LANDED IN THE INDIAN OCEAN and you see it come from a computer so am I right? What makes the British so Honorable that we take their gamer computer word for it? Sure.
Now you all know what it takes to be a Yahoo contributing writer.
I am not at all sure what The Beasts" message is here? His is just another uninformed opinion, with no supporting facts. Referencing the Air France tragedy is irrelevant at this point in time. Until there is concrete evidence it is ALL speculation!
When they do recover the plane, they better show us all the video evidence recorded on their phones, these are asian people, they all own a video recordable phones. There is no way they aren't able to get video clips of what occurred in the plane. they can't give us that #$%$ that nobody on the plane have a image recording device.
This is simple - the Electrical system caught fire. Radio and Communications like ACARS were knocked out as it spread it knocked pout other systems. They dropped altitude tried to maintain emergency procedures. Till smoke started to fill the pilots cabin, visibility was be reduced they set autopilot (Located different area in Electrics) Oxygen ran out the pilots past out in cabin door locked on Auto pilot. Plane flew till fuel ran out and ditched in water. Falling speed from 12,000 feet on water to a 777 flying brick it turned to match sticks fuel vapors in tanks burned most the small parts to kindling. Will be hard to find unless the search for the last report of engines.
Why no phone calls from over 200 passengers? The fire would not knock all passengers out immediately as the plane continued to fly overland in Malaysia on its way to the ocean. Fire is not a valid theory.
Electrical is what powers antennas in these type of aircraft. First of all if the plane was on fire the passengers are not told. The reason is panic. I could see it now if they were informed. Good morning this is your captain notice your seat belt sign is no longer working and the cabin lights are out. This is due to a fire in aircraft. please remain calm we are doing our best not to kill you all but I had to take time to let you know what is happening while I am trying to make sure we live.
I despise all of the "What We Know Now" articles that have been popping up for the past two weeks. We know now the same thing we knew two weeks ago. The plane did not make it to its intended destination. Everything beyond that is pure speculation. Let's recover the EDR's, at the very least, before we start talking about what happened.
Until the black boxes are found and the data inside the same retrieved, everyone is merely speculating, guessing and talking about that which they really do not know... Perhaps we will wait for some real evidence, real facts, real data?
Aw, hell, waiting on real facts is not "scoop" journalism. After all, why would the press want to be sure of anything before they make a mountain out of a molehill?
Or message board posters into conspiracy nuts
I was a flight attendant for 37 years...20 of which were international. This is, without a doubt, the worst case scenario I can ever remember. I was working through the '70s and '80s hijackings and bombs on airplanes and 9\11. I believe we will never know what happened to these lost souls. Why were there no cell calls, were they terrified, they must have known. Why didn't they fight, were they incapacitated? My heart breaks for the families and friends of every passenger and crew member. Every one of them was loved by someone.
You're such a bullsh*ter, for one thing cell phones don't work that far out....you would know that if you really were a FA.
I doubt there are many cell towers out in the middle of the Indian Ocean.
You had me on board with your theory until the cell phones. They reported early on that this aircraft did not have WIFI or cell service. Without that equipment a cell phone is useless on a plane.
Malaysian government change their story everyday. Even though I believe everyone is dead, but Malaysian government is a shame.
I can't believe that they're still hiding the truth. The Malaysian government could have saved the plane but they didn't. SO they cover it up with lies to delay the search. I don't know exactly what's going on, well, actually nobody in the public does at this moment but this is what I've heard. Yes, could be just more speculation but there's some truth that's being shed from us. The pilot did go to see a sentence of an opposition of the Malaysian government just 3 HOURS BEFORE the flight of MH370 and witnesses claimed he was very upset afterwards. People said he was circling around Malaysia on the plane, turned off transponders and everything but was still in communication with the government. He was negotiating with them, politics and stuff. He then realized he'd better get away from land to avoid a crash with another plane. Therefore, he flew towards the Indian Ocean. He never did think he wasn't going to come back alive. He expected the Malaysian government to listen to his negotiations because they wouldn't risk losing a plane carrying 239 people. But he was wrong and they never did agree to anything. The plane ran out of fuel and plunged into the Indian Ocean. Speculation? Maybe. But there's truth that's been held from us. Why was all these info held from us from the beginning? Again, this is only what I've heard, word of mouth and the internet =/ But we do need to think about what's wrong with the big picture. And that goes outside of the MH370 itself...it reflects on the governments that we live in. My blessing to the families of those on-board. No matter what, this is a truly tragic event.
Speculation? No. Utter and complete nonsense, Yes.
Interesting theory, and actually makes more sense than anything they have told us. The Malaysian Government would want to hide where the plane went down to cover up any evidence as well
If the pilot really want to do something evil he could have flown the plan into the towers at K. Lumor
I don't think the pilot wanted to do any evil, he just wanted the Malaysian government to listen to him for once. @BytheSea Everything at this point can be considered "complete nonsense". Just my own opinion, nobody forced you to agree with it
"I can't believe that they're still hiding the truth. " Your words Hua. So everything is nonsense except your "opinion". Is that it.
So for all that the media and the government know a UFO came and beamed the plane up and took it to mars.
The 24 hour news cycle probably isn't helping matters. People want news and the networks shovel whatever comes their way onto the air. It leads to wacky conspiracy theories, for one thing.
I actually miss when we got our news from the major networks in half hour broadcasts several times a day. In those days, we got real news and all the celebrity gossip and fluff stories were relegated to the tabloids and movie magazines.
Speculation, perhaps the transponder and communications radio failed and caught on fire, the pilots attempted to return to an airport and set a new flight path and were then overcome by smoke.
Maybe... except the transponders and all 5 radios are below decks in equipment racks. And you're not 'overcome by smoke' so quickly that you can't don your emergency oxygen mask.
Wow did the new outlets really grab on to this and make everything they wanted.
it is funny how most of the "speculation" was propagated by the media. from local to world wide, I read both condemnation and cries of injustice from "non-biased" news media. just goes to show ya, you cant believe it unless you heard it from the horses mouth.
Unfortunately, as pointed out clearly in the article, it was the "horses mouth" (the Malaysian officials in charge of the investigation) who were given speculative information, apparently in order to paint the flight crew with a nasty brush. News outlets only had they stuff coming from them to go on, thus the way the reporting went.
officials in charge are NOT the horse's mouth. they put their own SPECULATION on the information. yes, not easy to determine truth in such circumstances, but reported as such nonetheless.
The families of the pilot and co-pilot have to be agonizing over this. I just hope they can find the black box and the truth will be found.
The truth be known...officials and investigators have no idea what happened on that plane.
This is why officials should just shut their mouths until they know something certain. Last week, they were terrorists colluding with each other for a nefarious purpose. Now they're heroes that tried to save the plane.
That's only because this story (as stated at the bottom of the article) actually came from the liberal Daily Beast.
here at my ufo outpost I receive acars 24/7 and listen to 133.0am mode which is Unicom freq from pilots talking one another.if you have a scanner that cover air band you can here acars 131.55am mode.i hear planes that take off from DFW going to los angles LAX.pilots talk about family and related topics,most of them know each other has you can tell by the way they talk but very professional.
Martyr or hero, we'll just flip a coin again tomorrow and call for a new conference. No one thing reported has held up for more than 24 hours without be retracted, changed, superseded, etc. We should hear nothing until 1- we have wreckage 2- we have the flight data recorder 3- we played the disc in the recorder. Those are the only 3 news releases that should be made from now on.
Didn't I read when this first started that 5 people got off the plane before it departed Malaysia ? If I'm correct then why isn't that being looked into. One of them could have left a bomb on the plane. I'll never believe this was pilot error. Could have been one of the 5 recognized one of the 2 that had the fake pass ports and got scared knowing some thing bad was going to happen. Could have been more terrorist , Nothing more has ever been said about the 5 that got off the plane. Any thoughts on this ? Or am I barking up the wrong tree ?
Barking up the wrong tree--tha report was discounted after a couple of days
This is ironic to say the least.....a week ago these same 2 pilots were being accused of being part of a nefarious plot to hijack the plane because of some "suspicious" items found in their homes....now they're being portrayed as trying to save the plane....the sentence that really got to me is the next to last one where it's stated "Dead men cannot defend themselves".....really? That didn't stop everyone from jumping on the bandwagon & accusing these same pilots of somehow causing this disaster in the first place. Too bad "journalists" didn't think of this before they accused the men. A little less sensationalism and a lot more REAL journalism (as in checking & reporting only the facts) would go a long way towards gaining back some respect for the profession. As it stands right now, journalism is a faint shadow of what it's supposed to be - they're nothing more than paid hacks & gossip mongers.
Conjecture, therory and speculation all have their place but in the final analysis..only time will tell. Find the black box !!
Just so damn sad. I cant imagine being on that plane and the fear invoked. It didn't seem likely that this pilot had any sinister ideas. I will wait anxiously for the plane to be found, the black box found and opened, and the speculation to stop. Noone really knows anything concrete. But I found it very hard to believe that these pilots were trying to commit some kind of suicide. God bless all on that plane and their families.
The additional sad part is hearing pilots talk about how often these cockpit breakers and switches short out, melt, and smoke. Not to mention how often many of them have witnessed other pilots who are drunk. Then we have the additional issue of the airlines who don't like to spend the money doing constant repairs, so they only do the more serious ones.
Imagine a radical elecrical fire. The pilots turn back, start shutting circuit breakers, knowing they have to leave the cockpit quickly. There is no time to communicate. The fire is contained within the aircraft, but the poisneous smoke kills everyone. That's the only thing I can think of. Also, there's no sense trashing the Malaysians, for the steps they took, there was different info then.
Clive Irving, you are making up scenarios to sell news. There is plenty that is unexplained, but your dramatization is unsubstantiated and lacks credibility. You should not pretend to be an analyst of airline cockpit behavior. Your attempt to sell news is despicable, and you should be fired for being a pretender who knows something that you do not.
Still cannot think of any logical reason why the plane would crash into the ocean so far south. They have not found any debris known to be from the plane at the location southwest of Australia.
The crew would not be suspected if they were not Muslim. When was the last time an Irish Catholic hijacked a plane?
Do not belive the whole story at all too many strange things happening much like 911 do not belive everything about 911 either not by a long shot, only sky scrapers to ever fail, suposibly no melting but photos and filme show obvious melting, ectectect huge coverups.
I'd look up a radical jihardist website to find out what they are saying but don't want to end up on some government spy list to be monitored! lol! What are all those recruiting websites for jihardists saying. Are they denying the accusations being made.
Until the Black Boxes are found - we can ONLY speculate... (but I hope it's not another 2 years...)
The families of the pilot & co-pilot have legitimate cause to file multi-million dollar lawsuits. Lawyer up and get after 'em. Be sure that CNN is #1 on your "get even" list.
Why does this article put all the blame at the feet of the Malaysians when it seemed like all the wild speculation was coming from the media and "unnamed sources" rather than through official channels.
STOP, enough already with the phony make believe theories. STOP!!!
"Turning off the transponder does not make a plane invisible to radar." Yet, in this case, in this part of the world, it did exactly that didn't it. I also seem to recall the 9/11 hijackers did the exact same thing.
The plane is never invisible to radar. ( Unless it flying below it or out of range of radar such as an ocean., since radar is land based). The transponders are the plane's signature, The transponders tell radar who you are. Otherwise the plane is just a radar blip. That is why Thai, Malaysia military radar DID pick it up. They just were not sure what it was. A large flying flock of birds could create a similar blip.
Doppler, then turning off the transponder would serve a purpose wouldn't it.
This story does not make sense. The course change was made before the turn and copilot prior to the turn said good night tonight, instead of reporting an emergency. This whole thing does not pass the smell test. Until we find the black box, we will not find out what really happen. We cannot trust the political leaders of Malaysia because they have changed the narrative of this story too many times. My biggest fear that this plane went down in a place where some of these passengers, could have been rescue. Instead, we are looking at places that may be false. It is likely that we may never find this plane or the black box that resides within it. Hopefully, down the road, the families will find some sort of closer and peace.
Black box. Enough said. This is a tragedy we are all saddened by because it truly is one of those instances where it could have been any one of us on that plane. Out of this a lot of compassion has been shown to exist from all corners of the earth. At least the internet has shown its strength as a unifying instrument. Ironically all the misinformation and sensationalism is its dark underside.
Well, I guess the conspiracy theorists and the CNN news team will analyze this and conclude that the pilots flew the plane into a black hole. After it emerged and flying at hyper speed, the plane sped towards Jupiter where today, with a powerful telescope, you can see it. As they wait for a Martian rescue team ----- aw come on, you know someone is taking this silliness seriously.
After the media destroys their reps now gonna lift them up. Ya can't trust a word any of them say.
The political opposition figure whose trial the pilot attended is a gay activist. I think the pilot was also gay and crashed the plane in protest. He was a well paid professional that was not only unmarried but lived with his parents. No this isn't evidence its just a hunch. But if blame can be shifted to the aircraft it lets the Malay government off the hook. Especially since it may never be known what the exact cause is. The idea that the crew were unable to get the plane under control for seven hours and yet not able to communicate their situation to anyone is absurd. What is more likely is that the captain got everyone out of the cockpit and locked them out. Then set a course that would make landing impossible and committed suicide. Leaving the innocent victims seven hours to die.
so, you blindly make up a scenario based upon nothing, and YOUR scenario is plausible, but an airplane being oxygen deprived internally and causing people to pass out isnt? you sir, are a jsim swallowing moron.
It is human nature to think that there has to be an explanation for everything. Unfortunately, when there are no survivors to do the explaining - no one will ever know for sure what happened. Even with all the technology that exists, without finding the plane or black box . . . the reason for this tragedy will remain unknown.
The bottom line is: No one knows for sure what happened aboard that flight and why! There are just too many theories from everyone - from sensible to bizarre!
I don't blame the Malaysians for the negative reporting. I would much rather have authorities assuming foul play until they can rule it out rather than simply searching for an easy answer. It is the press that is at fault here. They twisted words and expanded upon the sparse data available to come up with sensational stories about hijacking and terrorism. The press did what they always do: distort the facts to increase viewership/readership.
What a sham of the world population, tell us the truth, we are not blithering idiots.
OK Lets get the story straight before reporting. All these scenarios, debris in the water, send a ship to pick it up then tell us what it is. This is turning into the biggest airlines debacle ever.
I think this article is #$%$. It doesn't explain the sudden change in flight plan after the "alright good night" radio call just before hand-off and then radio silence. I doubt if the plane could have flown for another 7 hrs with an on-board fire and no kind of Mayday signal.
Having lived in Asia and seeing a man set himself on fire, I can firmly state that any comparison to the rationale of someone born in France is grossly incorrect. While the rapid decompression and other catastrophic causes are irrelevant of the race and nationality, Fatalism ingrained in many asian cultures definitely deserves further investigation. Also if anyone ever had business dealings with the asians, they are not surprised by Malaysian desire not to lose face, that resulted in many days of BS….and many more to come.
Veronica, go be racist elsewhere. 'Asians' constitute dozens of widely varying cultures. NOBODY likes to look bad, or incompetent, it's not limited to 'Asians.' Applying a broad brush to an entire region and it's many, many peoples as if they're all essentially the same is the essence of racist, lazy thought.
I don't buy the catastrophic fire theory. In order for this to be the case we would have to believe that the fire was big enough to disable the aircraft communication systems and crew yet still allow the plane to fly another 7 hours on autopilot before crashing. Hooey. The Air Canada DC9 and Swissair MD-11 both crashed within minutes of their fires starting, not 7 hours. The flight profile also does not support the rapid decompression theory.
Having not read the article, the title alone is comforting. This should be a great relief to the families of the deceased.
Sounds like our media is now blaming the Malaysians for all their miss information.
All this article is full of as much speculation as we've already heard. Just more hogwash.
"Captain Shah and his much younger and far less experienced first officer, Fariq Abdul Hamid, will never be able personally to answer for the fate of their airplane. Dead men cannot defend themselves." Wow.....that statement seems somewhat unnecessary.
First the pilots were terrorist, now they are heroes, next week they will be saints, then if they find the wreak along with the black box,, they will be terrorist again!
I wonder if the pilots last message before disappearing could have been a recording? Also, Inmarsat Global has partnered with Boeing to launch 3 satellites in orbit to create a global network. I wonder if its such a good idea to install these satellites on all planes? What if the system could be hacked into and controlled by a rogue group to use all the planes to hold the world hostage? Can you image hundreds of planes in the sky, taken over?
So much ignorance, Ollie. What would be the point of recording a routine air traffic call? And if you believe that aircraft could be controlled from their satellite data links, are you not equally frightened that cars could be taken over via their satnav displays?
That system is to track not have any control over the aircraft at all.
Brian, they are planning to install black boxes in cars I believe by 2017. Do any of you read anything except yahoo?
And what do you imagine are the capabilities of such "black boxes" Ollie? Lorries have had such "black boxes" fitted to them for decades, yet oddly I have never heard of a lorry being taken over and remotely controlled. They are *recording* devices, not control devices (unless you regard a speed limiter as potentially sinister). You confirm your ignorance with every post.
My point of view is that the officials in charge were 250% confused and in the dark but people wanted and demanded answers immediately. It was like the media was sitting in the room where different scenarios were discussed and some were dismissed but they were all reported by the media. I realize the relatives and friends of those on board were and are very distraught but in demanding and pressuring news current news they received a lot of misinformation.
Message from the 'experts' to World Wide Organized Terrorist Groups ,,,,,, "Look guys ,,,,, hold off using that Boeing 777 for a few months or years so we won't look so bad about being TOTALLY WRONG. We'll cover by just saying that a satellite found the damned thing and it sunk and we can't find it. In a few weeks everyone will forget and then you can do what you want with it and we will not be embarrassed . OK ?"
We don't know if the transponder(s) were turned off, or if the transponders simply stopped functioning due to catastrophic electrical failure, mechanical issues or other. The claim that the pilots turned off the transponders is premature. We haven't even found the plane, we cannot claim to know what the pilots did or didn't do.
Maybe the dreaded shoe bomb we hear so much about finally worked is my theory.
Finally, a story that admits we don't know anything yet. I can't believe how many theories, twists, speculations and imaginings the Malaysian government (and the media) have spouted up to now. Sheesh, give it a rest till we find the black box already. My sympathies lie with the victim's families, who've had to listen to and follow every one of these 'leads' in hopes of getting at the truth.
If they ever find out what happened on this flight, there will always be many that believe it was an alien abduction, or any number of governments were behind it, or they were sucked into some sort of portal, or they landed on an island somewhere and are playing table tennis, and sucking on Mai Tai's. Or any number of delusional conspiracy theories. Its a strange case for sure.
Just find the black box. Find the black box.
This whole terrible event has been handled in an awful sensational way by the media. While no one really knows what happened, speculation has taken over and blaming the Pilots seems to sell the most newspapers....Much like Weapons of mass Destruction in Iraq that were never found but led to the invasion most people will believe this crash was a result of terrorism....
At this point, how can anyone believe any reports coming out of Malaysia? It's all just speculation, at best. But, how can anyone believe that this was merely accidental, when NO ONE managed to make a cell phone call? The passengers/crew members (those not involved in the hijacking of MH370) must have been unconscious.
@Justsaying, there is now every indication that it was exactly that, an accident. Unconscious people don't make phone calls. The procedural steps of a pilot were followed precisely in the event of a catastrophic failure, i.e. loss of pressure or fire. There was no hijacking and your opinion and comment are exactly what is wrong with this world. So you think what, 'hijackers' came aboard with their own oxygen systems allowing them to breath while the captain rendered everyone else unconscious? Everything is not a conspiracy. In the face of actual real evidence by actual real, smart people, you idiot conspiracy theorist want to go on and on. You are all collective |= [_] C K T @ R D's
Much discussion without a single shred of EVIDENCE What we know as black boxes are designed to withstand fire and explosions so they so exist somewhere. IF they are ever found we MAY get a clue as to what happened IF not then it will remain a mystery with every talking head weighing in even though they are just blowing hot air, as usual.
We still don't know diddly squat. This could all be one big cover-up for all we know.
I didn't know the Malaysians were fans of Kabuki, because they are putting on the biggest play ever...
Combine all the so-called 'expert' commentaries and speculative reporting and you come up with ... nobody knows what really happened. I'm so happy these whizzes didn't choose to become doctors. Maybe they should change careers and become 'meteorologists'.
Not a single attempt at a radio call at first sign of an emergency? Not even a "Mayday-Mayday" then silence?
Since they are changing their opinion of what happened, is the spot where the plane went down in the flight plan? They were saying that it changed course.
Wherever they find Elvis is exactly where they will find the plane.
seems to me the writer's headline "Pilots Tried to Save to Save MH370" is far more misleading than anything the Malaysian government or anyone else has said, because we really still don't know what happened
So now that they have determined, or strongly feel they have determined, where the plane went down, is the search over? Or do they plan on keep searching for the black box that records everything that happens on the plane?
Maybe the communication systems and the transponder shut off at different times due to a fire ripping it's way through the plane? The pilots just weren't aware of it until after their last communication.
I wish the writers would quit speculating under a headline that implies the mystery has been solved. I waste my time on this junk.
Before pointing fingers and assumptions, focus on the solution & not problem! Hopefully once plane or parts of the plane are found there could be peace of mind for everyone & the families of those lost...
Given that two and a half weeks have passed and so little is known about what happened to the 777, I have to assume that the airlines get their communications/black box equipment from Toys Are Us.
It is the media, trying to make ratings.
Is anyone else noticing that the term "Breaking News" is being abused and is on CNN 24 hours a day? I have become numb to reading the words.
Am I the only one tired that the media reports speculation as fact.
Somebody knows the truth, we certainly cannot believe, based on all the info, that this version today is truth. Prove it.
What a stupid story ... and theory ... if the plane cannot go to 45000 feet as you state Clive, than make up something? Conspiracy gone amok ...
Here's another theory it was shot down by a fighter plane.
lets ignore the facts, computer reprogrammed ; steep bank to the left, transponder and all mechanical locators are disengaged; no SOS or any such distress call was ever made..now lets exonerate the two pilots and make them heroes, so that the story can continue..that about size it up? pretty soon now the bluffington will come out with a news alert, watch..and see
Plane is in North Korea and they're all laborer workers now.
Is the Daily Beast the new Onion newspaper? Clive Irving is an incompetent writer.
This investigation has morphed from trying to find out what happened to trying to cover up what happened. At least one of the pilots was involved in intentionally taking over the plane. The evidence for that is undeniable!
If this story would happen to be true- then my take on it is that the computers may have been over ridden by someone maybe not even on the plane. If that is the case and this is a trial run-- could this person or group of people electronically hijack planes anywhere or anyplace at will, Should that be possible- could they take over a fleet of planes at anyone time and send them on a mission. Imagine- 100 - mega jets in the New York area being taken over in a nano second and redirected toward 100 targets only minutes away. And Mr Obamma wants to release the internet to the world so all the terrorists will have direct and greater control of it. Keep voting -- and maybe you and your family will be on one of these planes.
your saying planes are set up for wifi? hard to accept that!! Just another opinion improvable as the rest!
the Boeing 777/787/757 are the only aircraft in the world with the F.A.N.S automate flight sytems..capable of remote control from take off to landing, remotely able to take over the aircraft and over ride all pilots imputs. Google it, its a fact
well if it has that then why once it went missing was I not programed to return? that model may accommodate what you say but as a foreign airlines did they have that equipment installed on this plane?
I thought when all that #$%$ was reported that it was a shame they were making unfounded allegations when their families were grieving too.
Racist is the man who sees only his fish for dinner.
why do so many have to bring racism into things?
Because so many know not how to use punctuation...
Oh please, this makes even less sense!! Who flies a jet for 6-8 hours out to sea while in trouble and not contact someone? The Air France disaster, they didn't even realize they were in such deep trouble until it was too late to save the jet. Frankly, Sarah Palins "the jet flew into heaven" makes more sense than this story here on yahoo!
Again, no contact? Transponders switched off? No passenger calls? An emergency that went on for thousands of miles? Enough fuel on board to fly thousands of miles even though they were just going to Beijing? No distress signals? ONLY fly over the ocean? Don't head for an emergency landing site? Turn around but don't land at the airport you started from? How can this article even begin to raise the idea that the pilots tried to save the plane? There are no viable FACTS regarding the flight's fate and for the Malaysian officials to expect that we should believe them that "all were lost" even though there is no evidence makes absolutely no sense. Obviously they have fed everybody whatever b.s. they can manufacture and now want everyone to believe the pilots were doing their best. Are we looking to escape responsibility? Why believe these people that have misdirected everyone since this thing started.
The bottom line is nobody knows. Every day they come up with something
Thanks to media exploitation, we have a running media frenzy. Let the Rooskies go, let the USA jobs and economy go, let... well, you get the picture.
Everything investigators had said is just pure speculation, and must be taken with a grain of salt. The world may never know what really happened.
The plane went to SPACE... just my opinion
There will never be a good outcome to what happened, but to know that it was a situation that those in command did everything they could to overcome the problem would be much better for all those affected.
what makes this frightening is the article I read a week ago from a Canadian commercial airline pilot who described this exact situation... toxic smoke in the cockpit, turn to the heading of the closest airport the pilot knew.. then dropping to a lower altitude... then the crew being overcome by smoke and the plane flying until it was out of fuel and crashed.
Always look for the simplest solution first. Blame is a distraction and attacks on individuals usually only results in lost time and opportunity. Unfortunately we will likely never know the root cause of this tragedy, what catastrophic events caused this to happen. Speculation is interesting but just that, speculation. Attempting to lay blame on the crew is not only unfair but could be, as stated, contrary to what really happened.
Here's what really happened! The lithium battery shipment caught on fire and the smoke killed everyone on board and then the plane itself reprogramed the auto-pilot on a course to the south pole. The only problem? the plane didn't understand the fuel situation and ran out of gas. "CASE CLOSED"
Then why no radio distress signal? And if the latest reports are true, why did they fly so far out over the Indian Ocean? Sorry. I don't buy it.
This article is a bit silly, many countries were making theories about what happened not just Malaysia.
Not to mention all the rednek conspiracy loonies....
This is hilarious. It was the media with the likes of CNN trying to fill 24/7 air time about MH370 (and generating some serious advertising revenue in the process) who was chasing down and expanding on every possibility. Now they're trying to clean the mud off themselves pointing fingers every which way.
Is this the evidence that they say they have now, but said they didn't have in the beginning, because this morning they had no evidence that it crashed in the South Indian Ocean even though they say it did? Or is this the evidence they did have in the beginning that they say they didn't have because they said there was no warning or distress sent out even though there was?
I'm not buying it. The plane was flown as far from rescue/recovery as its fuel allowed.
I agree with this article and here is why: 1) Why would hijackers (pilots or other) take control of the plane and fly it to the middle of no-where? Why not follow the terrorist handbook and crash it into something? 2) Pilot suicide doesn't make sense! If the pilot(s) were looking to kill them selves why would they fly for another 5 hours? Why not just crash the plane right away?
"Pilot suicide doesn't make sense! If the pilot(s) were looking to kill them selves why would they fly for another 5 hours? Why not just crash the plane right away?" The pilot turned the plane to the west to face the direction of the holy shrine, Mecca. By this time, the other pilot was probably incapacitated and the the last words from the black box, if they ever find it, could be "Allah Akbar! Allah Akbar!".
I agree that pilot suicide is a ridiculous theory, but terrorism is not. They may have been flying it toward a location where they planned to land it (quite possibly to fill with nuclear material and fly into Israel). The Middle East doesn't just hate Israel, they want them annihilated, blown off the map...and so far, they haven't had much success fighting them, even though they're a tiny , little country.
My opinion is that neither theory carries much weight. This is one of the most remote locations in the world. Boats are just now getting there and have been sailing for days. There are no inhabitants of this part of the world.. But I guess we may never know.
sounds to me like some 1%ers with lots of stock in air travel are doing their best to keep people buying tickets on their airlines. Me? Why bother crashing into big buildings when you can just put the plane down anywhere--same result, really. Terrorize the skies.
The ping doesn't show what is in the computers or even when it was put there or even that the aircraft was being flown by the autopilot.. I certainly don't know what happened and I don't think anyone else does either. Conjecture should be avoided.
Sadly, the true may never come out because politicians are trying to hide facts to save face. Sorry for these families.
There should have been radio communications to ground stations...even via passenger phones ... even via crew phones... if the plane's systems failed. The plane was able to but didn't approach an airport. It seems to be a piracy issue or the aliens did it.
Before blackbox of flight 447 was found, investigators are close to certain it was caused by the storm. FDR and FVR tells the real story and its sad that when the pitot fails to give readings, the less experienced pilot in control of the plane pitch-up the plane 10 degrees that leads to dramatic stall, and its too late to recover after the captain finally diagnosed the problem..
obviously every possibility is still on the table, but it would'nt surprise me if what happened was similar to what happened to payne stewart the pro golfer when his jet depressurized killing everyone on board, but the auto pilot kept flying until it ran out of fuel, and crashed.
The media is the absolute enemy to the truth in this tragedy. May the facts eventually clarify and vindicate the wrongly accused, and may all surviving family members gain some solace from them.
ALL actions/ scenarios were more or less relevant at times since the plane disappeared. Cannot fault people, government or private for speculating about what happened. NO ONE was particularly defamed, denounced or accused of wrong doing. The truth may never be known, BUT more likely the black boxes will now be found and the real facts will eventually be found.
The transponder was deliberately turned off. No way around this. No accident. Based on the outcome I'd say there was a massive loss of cabin pressure and everybody died from hypoxia.
Nice article, sort of. Maybe there is another explanation that everyone is dancing around but won't say. Maybe, the pilot and/or the co-pilot, decided it was time to meet their maker and bring 200 plus non believers with them as a bonus. Just sayin......
Jew Hollywood has to turn this into a money maker based on speculation. So I guess they're all heroes now.
Simply put we're not going to really know what happened unless we find those flight data recorders and hope that they are not damaged.
maybe we should hold off on speculation and wait until we know the damn truth...period.
This is coming from the very liberal Daily Beast. Why didn't the pilots use their radio? The majority of Malaysia is Muslim, so I don't think the Malaysian Government is trying to frame the pilot beause he's a Muslim. This is just typical liberal nonsense.
So you will refuse to believe it until you are proved wrong because of the website it came from?
No Lesley A, not just *because* of the website it came from. If they were telling the truth, with facts, I wouldn't discount them just because it was a liberal website. However, this article is full of typical liberal bias. Here are some facts we do know: The transponder and ACARS were switched off *at different times* and that the pings continued-those facts are what is significant and point to it not being an accident (not to mention the “All right, good night” message came after a crucial signaling system had stopped transmitting was shut off) The plane took off at 12:41am, reached a cruising altitude of 35,000 feet at 1:01am and six minutes later, at 1:07 a.m., the Malaysian authorities say, the plane sent its last ACARS message, which reported nothing amiss. The two people with stolen passports turn out to be two Iranians (a country that wants to annihilate Israel which is a country with a superb military that the Middle East has not been able to eradicate even though they state clearly and plainly that that is their intent) with stolen passports. Do you know what Iran says? They say (as reported by the NY daily news) the US "kidnapped" the plane. The two pilots are Muslim (that may sound racist, but who hijacks planes? Not all Muslims are hijackers or terrorists, but all the hijackers in this century have been Muslims. It's just a fact.) Flying at 35,000 feet (above the radar, saving fuel, incapacitating passengers) A group known for attacking with airliners used as missiles and Iran having nuclear material, but not necessarily having the technology to build a nuclear missile. It was last tracked as flying toward Pakistan. I don't know if people really understand the hatred that the Middle East has for Israel. They don't just want to see them defeated, they want to see them blown off the map. I'm the type of person who wants to give everyone the benefit of the doubt, but I can't be naive about this. It would take an awful lot of coincidences for this to turn out to be an innocuous event. I would love to find out I'm all wrong and that it was just an accident or better yet, they crashed gently onto an island, filled with everything they need until they're rescued, but common sense points to an obvious answer.
oh my, airline on overtime to transfer who at fault for lawsuits. If it wasn't so sad it be a laughing matter.
What pilot would NOT have tried to save the flight? What a dumb article...
"What pilot would NOT have tried to save the flight?" Answer: A suicidal one who fancies the thought of taking HUNDREDS of innocent souls down with him.
Let me know when anybody actually KNOWS something and leave us alone with all this useless guessing.
Maybe there was a breach in the fuselage and a failure of the emergency oxygen masks that caused hypoxia, impairing their abilities and causing them to lose consciousness. That would explain a lot.
That's what happened with golfer Payne Stewart in 1999.
A small breach may have been the cause, according to the NTSB. They were unable to substantiate a breach of an issue with a pressure valve. The Stewart plane had experience pressurization issues during several prior flights, according to the NTSB.
Wouldn't the pilots radio an SOS while they are doing those things? I can buy pretty much any scenario - short of aliens - but turning off the transponder, the ACRS, and not radioing as SOS is fishy. However, I do agree that we should withhold judgment until the flight recorder is found. The pilots have families too and cruel conjecture isn't warranted.
Amazed at all the Stupid #$%$ articles on this flight. Now we got the malaysian PM claiming the plane went down even tho not a single shred of evidence proves it did..No debris found. this bizarro event has CIA/Mossad fingerprints all over it..the planes last most verifiable location was flying low on path to Diego Garcia..the ONLY airstrip and hangar facility capable of taking this jet and covering it.
We haven't recovered a single piece of that plane yet suddenly we know what the pilots were doing after communication was cut? How was this determined by "new calculations" of satellite images? Who's writing this drivel and why?
Oh stop it! You know nothing! One day it's the two Iranians, the next it's the pilots, then the pilots are heroes and on and on! Tomorrow some super flying fish will be blamed for intentionally flying straight into the engines in order to avenge all the fish we eat!
I agree - so far all we've received is pure speculation that no one can verify unless and until they find the black boxes that might contain proof of what actually caused the airliner's disappearance. Moreover, I find it odd that no media has reported any cell contacts with the passengers during the flight. Given today's obsession with smartphones, it doesn't make sense that no one on that plane, passenger or flight staff, used their cellphones to try to contact anyone before the plane disappeared.
No cell towers out in the middle of the Indian Ocean
The material inside aircraft toxic fumes when they burn. The passengers were dead.
The plane crossed back over Malaysia after the hard left turn and drop to 12,000 ft altitude. Plenty of cell towers. That indicates everyone on board was already unconscious or dead at that point.
^ yeah because they all died at the very same minute because of the fumes...
Another Mystery. Why any passenger don't used his cell phone when the plane turn and cross over Indonesia.???
These are all speculations. Nothing has been recovered yet. There is something fishy here. As if media is trying to hide something.
Funny how this author tries to discount all the other theories and assertions but only presents another theory without any proof either. The only fact is that nobody knows what really happened, period, and nobody will until the black box is found, if it ever is.
What was the cargo that was being watched and protected? Why were there so many lithium batteries on board?
Why haven't we heard from Captain Shah's wife? She knows what his frame of mind was like in recent days before the disappearance.
Just me but don't they have boats in our navy and theirs over there that can see objects under water? Why have they not followed possible routes with a ship equipped to see under water and find large objects? These things should have been done first instead of all this unsure guessing. Maybe now they will do this and find the plane and any bodies so they can have decent burial.
Well being there was just another Malaysia plane that had a generator failure, I wouldn't doubt there was some major electrical malfunction that caused this flight to eventually go down. It doesn't take long to pass out from toxic fumes from an electrical fire.
This would not be the first time that "facts" have been disseminated to the masses without factual basis...and in completely disregard for the actual truth. There are TWO TYPES OF REALITY: APPARENT AND OBJECTIVE. STOP PLAYING DETECTIVE WHEN YOU ARE IMMENSELY UNQUALIFIED AND STOP BELIEVING THAT EVERYTHING THAT YOU ARE TOLD IS FACT.
Human nature sucks, it always starts by thinking of conspiracies and criminalization. I cannot imagine what was it like staying on that airplane for hours not knowing how things will end, and then seeing the end in front of them falling down from high skies into the deep waters of the ocean. Brave pilots, and brave passengers, may you all rest in peace.
Simple plane crash exploited by the media.
One has to wonder why the Malasian government couldn't simply tell the truth in the beginning. Those morons should be held liable for the epenses of this unnecessarily protracted search.
It's funny, now that they have found "parts" of the plane, the pilot is not viewed as a hijacker anymore? Not that he ever was , but funny how they put blame on someone when things don't go their way....Is it because they finally onus values that they have decided to drop the witch hunt? And secondly how can a plane diviate so obviously off course and NO OnE notice? And please lets not use " out of radar contact" excuse.... That is a huge course diviation... And what about the to men who stole the passports/had so token passports? Is it because they did not look sinister enough?
Glad Yahoo a writer figured it out, It's been 2+ weeks of conjecture & slander of peoples' reputations turned into headlines. I was waiting for conjecture by some "expert" of military police analyzing that pilot's tupperware. (FBI @ Atlanta Olympics... destroy a man's life... whoops! We were wrong!) I wasn't believing any gov't, nor Yahoo. I'm guessing most intelligent people didn't either - the Malaysians know better not to. Prayers...
Everyone is like Lemings. The #$%$ fly's without any proof and they all fall for there shi!. The only way I'll believe anything is to find the black boxes and prove it other wise it could have been anything from terrorism to an accident.
A mechanical type failure occurred in the cockpit (loss of oxygen). The plane flew on autopilot for several hours (look up the death of the golfer Payne Stewart). The cabin's locked (9-11 style). Unfortunately I think the passengers were alive the entire time until the plane ran out of fuel. Maybe a windscreen let go, who knows.
I liked the article until "Let us recall the original picture carefully assembled by a series of statements by the Malaysian authorities:" It seemed like Mr. Irving just didn't have anything else to write so he just started to cite theories.
Course change was programmed into the computer per the "experts" prior to the copilot's last transmission. Why? Why no radio contact or any transmissions from the pilots? Not one word. I sure don't know what happened, but I would take a much closer look at the pilots and most law enforcement types agree.
They have exhausted their looking into the pilots and have found nothing in any way to indicate they would have purposefully done anything to plane or the flight plan. Reading; its fundamental.
Kemp K, Comprehension is necessary to understand what you are reading. The course change was programmed into the flight computer BEFORE their last transmission. This dramatic change was NOT a standard part of the flight..
Holy #$%$ did I just step into an Oliver Stone alternate universe?
OK now we have spin the other direction. Maybe they had a flight emergency explain but it is hard to understand why the crew never called they had an issue. ON top of that the planes turn to the south once out of radar range in in the Indian Ocean goes agaist all logic if the plane was in trouble.Someone either turned the 777 south or programed the 777 to turn South when it did.
There is also the fact that the plane would have had to return to a cruising altitude of at least 30,000ft in order to end up where it did.
If they were fighting a fire and in deep dark #$%$ they would not be talking. Fires also can knock out navcom gear. Onboard fire fits all the criteria. Passengers are dead...no cell calls, navcom out and the crew can't communicate IF they were still alive. These guys were battling to save craft, passengers, and themselves. The pilot turned the craft around dropped to 12,000 ft, put the craft on autopilot, and left to identify exactly what was burning and manually put it out. The co-pilot and navigator were following approved procedures attempting to isolate an electrical fire by stripping the busses and resetting breakers. It did not work and flight 370 became the third known ghost craft to fly until it ran out of fuel.
Not if you set autopilot for 12,000 ft.
Mark, you missed my point. If autopilot is set for 12,000ft then the plane never would have reached the point of that last satellite ping. At that altitude it would have burned far more fuel and crashed much sooner. The plane must have returned to a cruising altitude to reach the distance that it did, which means someone had to have made that altitude change.
Got it #$%$. That I can't answer. A pilot knowing flying over open water knowing he won't reach land doesn't make sense. Suicidal pilots always crash and burn. Its a lot faster than drowning. Hijackers always land safely. Terrorists always blow things up or crash them to make the observer fear them.
Just more speculation. I thought CNN had done all that possibly could be done. They have devoted at least 20 hrs a day to this story, dreaming up every scenario known to man. The news media will hate to see it end. Especially CNN. They have nothing to report on. With this story they could say almost anything they wanted, false or true.
Sounds like, after two plus weeks, John Q. Public and the media has been dealing with bad information, misleading information, maybe even misinformation. A very series of events to say the least.
They are guessing again. Changing the facts to fit the story? Lets wait until the find the damn thing. Headline and story: "Missing Plane - Nothing Yet" end of headline and story until next update in 24 hours. They are putting these families through HELL!!!
Perhaps the jet was hijacked on the ground by a hack. Some ways a malware program got into the plane's computers and doomed it before take off. Cheap, maybe easier to do than we think, and very repeatable. No need for human hijackers, taking advantage of the plane's own computers to do the same. This may have been a test run.
This is stranger by the moment. If the plane is hijack by a terrorist, why fly south (opposite from its flight plan) to nowhere and crash hundreds of miles west of Perth, Australia? Why not crash into a city to inflict maximum affect? If it had engine trouble, why didn’t it crashed into the South China Sea, immediately? If it was hijack for ransom, why isn’t there a demand for money?
SOOOOO. No Pilot Suicide... The ridiculous just got more ridiculous by adding a bit of sanity... China is insisting on seeing the evidence... The Terrorists /Malaysia probably didn't foresee this since China never seems to care about it's own people... It would make sense that if you were going to steal a plane full of people, that they should be Chinese people... OOPPPSS
Clive Irving, So if Pilots tried to save plane as you say how come planes tracking system was intentionally shut off? How come plane flew for 7 hours while flight plan was changed? I still dont know why search was only directed over the Ocean and not over land etc.
Because of the amount of times the experts have been wrong so far, I'm waiting until they actually produce some evidence this time.
I have a question for any pilots out there. Would it be technically possible, to 'Hack' the on board computer of the 777 which controls the Auto pilot? If so, How feasible would it be, that the computer could have been hacked, & then travel a Huge distance in the wrong direction, 'Without' any pilots/co-pilots noticing? If this IS possible, I fear the future of flying does NOT look that good!!
Here is a different take on this: "With the disappearance of those on Malaysian Airlines MH370, billionaire Jacob Rothschild becomes the sole owner of an important semiconductor patent! Coincide? I think not! The mysteries surrounding Malaysian Airliner MH-370 continue to grow with each passing day and Mr. Rothschild is smack dab in the middle. Illuminati member, Rothschild, is believed to have exploited the airliner to gain full Patent Rights of an incredible KL-03 micro-chip. The US technological company, Freescale Semiconductor, who shared its rights with Rothschild, had twenty senior members on board who had just launched a new electronic warfare gadget for military radar system’s the day before the plane went missing. The Semiconductor company develops microprocessors, sensors, and other technology including “stand-alone semiconductors that perform dedicated computing functions.” But the questions that arise are why were there so many Freescale employees traveling together? What were their jobs? Their mission? And did they employees carry valuable cargo? With all the power our elite carry, why couldn’t they track down the missing plane? Of the 239 people aboard flight MH370, most of them were engineers and others working to make the company’s chip facilities in Tianjin, China and Kuala Lumpur more efficient. “These were people with a lot of experience and technical background and they were very important people,” Haws said. “It’s definitely a loss for the company.” Mitch Haws vice president of global communications and investors relations. According to the Freescale’s website, operations for the company began in 1972 and covered an eight hectare site that tests and manufactures microprocessors, digital signal processors and integrated radio frequency circuits. Furthermore it owns Freescale RF which is involved in making solutions for Aerospace and Defense including: Battlefield communications, Avionics, HF Radar – Band L and S, Missile Guidance, Electronic Warfare, and Identification (IFF). But here’s where it gets even more interesting. The Freescale’s shareholders include the Carlyle Group who’s past advisors have included ex-US president George Bush Sr and former British Prime Minister John Major. Some of the companies previous clients include the construction firm owned by the family of Osama bin Laden, the Saudi Binladin Group. What makes this claim stand out above all the other theories is the fact that so many highly qualified staff members were on board and if the airliner crashed into the Indian Ocean, as recently reported, then this would validate the claim all the more. Considering the large passenger jet had flown undetected for six hours, the elites had to be involved because they are the only ones who can accomplish such a task." By Lisa Haven
The tinfoil hat store called, your order is ready.
I haven't heard any mention of the RFID chip connection and the 25 Chinese employees supposedly on the plane. Why? Notice how they only focus on a few of the passengers? Very scary stuff indeed. And I wonder how much of the Inmarsat Global and the Freescale operation the US gov. has funded with tax payer money?
Damn what lengths would he go to for this outcome,He would be awfully lucky for smething to dissappear in this manner,I call #$%$ exept for the fact of him being complicit in he outcome,I think a new age weapon erased the plane and until they can produce evidence proving otherwise thats the theory from here on sanity island!!Them saying our data points too is awfully weak on their part and its like one of George Carlins last comedic bits was called,"It's #$%$ and its Bad For Ya"
Nice of you to post another happy horse ship story of what someone thinks happened. In the early 1980's, there was a airliner crash in Texas that had most all of the top senior managers for IBM on board who were going to an annual meeting. They were all killed. It crippled the company for years. IBM and all large and intelligent Corporations have a policy that they do not send large teams of important employees together on a single flight. It is also one of the reasons for the increased use of corporate jets. Insurance companies insist that top executives be flown separately on corporation owned and maintained aircraft. If the article is true, that all those executives and key personnel were aboard the flight and killed, they were pretty stupid to have violated that rule. In the world of the cheap, it usually cost them badly.
I've never believed the Malaysian authorities, they couldn't tell the truth if someone had a gun to their heads, which possibly someone does. This mystery isn't over, though the public may never know the truth. As for Yahoo's suggestions of other articles to read, where to they get them? And how do they feel the articles are connected to this disaster? Talk about cooking up conspiracy theories....
This story does not pass the smell test. First question, if priority is to locate an acceptable runway wouldn't they have radioed said runway?
Not if there was an electrical fire that took out the radios.
Clive, you are a presumptuous twit. Quit pretending to be a journalist.
still no physical evidence of anything, no plane, no suspects, no communication, no anything. Still not sold on anything until debris shows up. There is still too many questions.
They are now looking at a flight simulator in the bedroom of George Bush.
So you wanna get all touchy feely here. 1. Even if the pilots had a true emergency, no way they could have made it to Australia at a low altitude. 2. Malaysia, Islamic Country, no bias there 3. How come the media is now ignoring earlier reports that passenger cellphones were still ringing 3 days after the disappearance. Hmm 4. I am convinced that the truth about this event will never be released to the general public, including our fearless leader!!!
What a ridiculous article by some moron trying to use logic to dispel facts by creating their own. Absolutely outrageous article that i cannot believe Yahoo had posted.
Well, there you have it. You should now change your attention to other news...
I think the planes battery system overheated caught on fire and produced a sudden cloud of deadly smoke and gas. Everyone on board was probably dead while the planes autopilot was all that kept it in the air stuck flying in one fixed direction because the pilots did not long enough to plot an emergency course.
Here's an alternative theory: snakes on the plane.
I wasn't aware "the Malaysians" were trashing the pilots at all. They just said that the pilots were among the possibilities being investigated. Really, this kind of stupid, sweeping journalism is what makes people generalize about whole groups of people. Maybe the "journalist" who wrote this could think a little more carefully before just wording things so prejudicial and inaccurately.
I'm just going to wait a few months for something that can be confirmed. It looks like everyone is just speculating and doesn't give any facts to support their ideas.
So basically nothing new -- just a slightly different spin on the same story.
In short, the Malaysian Officials are incompetent bureaucrats, avoiding transparency - a worldwide disease.
They know things they are hiding from us because we are not allowed to hear them. This incident involves contact with a technology that is taboo to the public.. Malaysia Airline has to lie and is not very good at lying so they end up looking like total fools.
The Malaysian govt continues to pull things out of their rectum. The truth is they got no idea what is happening and need to a good PR story to save face.
WTH,you mean it wasn't a black hole after all like that idiot on CNN said,I'm crushed!!How will they fill their 24/7 coverage of telling us still no answers yet,this will drive Wolf crazy.
Now you complicit media liars will drum it daily, when a halfwit would know a sham bill of goods when seen. Kill some time until its time for the all out Hitlery Clinton siege.....Traitors!
So the US shot it down at Diego Garcia?
There very well might be a problem with the Boeing 777 I did come across an instance where a 777 was having problems with a electrical system pronged to fires. The variation of altitude may support this. I just have a hard time believing it ran 7 hours due south even on auto pilot.
I hope they find the black box, maybe that will clear up some things. It does sound feasible that the plane had some kind of malfunction and who knows what could have gone wrong.
Here is my theory. The navigation equipment malfunctioned. No communication nor contact. Some short circuit or something. May be even lightening. So the pilots where flying blindly in search of a place to land!
First we blamed Malaysia for taking so long to search the pilots home, now the author accuses them of rushing to blame the pilots? Which is it? It has been our 'experts' on TV who have been floating the suicide or pilot hijacking theories since the very beginning. Just shut up already and let this thing play out.
What confuses me is in Donnie Brasco when Lefty gets the lion and later you see them feeding the lion hamburgers in the back of the car. Did they drive the car with the lion in the back? It would have torn them apart. Thoughts?
Lets think about the situation here: Why on Earth would a pilot or any other person shut the transponder off, and then continue flight for 7 hours into the ocean? Any motive one can think of would not end in this outcome. Big deal the pilot is a flight sim fan so am I that does not mean we are training for something sinister. I think the pilots will be vindicated I hope they find that box.
After a dedicated FBI team of 10 agents carefully spending hours reviewing every single images that the captain deleted from his computer and those he did not delete, the FBI announced that they were all playboy images and none has to do with flight "stimulation".
Anyone else wondering how "they" have come to a conclusion, yet we haven't found any wreckage or an intact plane yet? Sounds about right. Media and government drawing a conclusion with limited facts.
Man that plane went down right off the cast of Malaysia. The pilots were turning back because of an emergency that rapidly got out of control. The black box system may have failed,. Why does everyone assume the black boxes are infallible? I think they blamed the pilots way too soon. These men may have done there best to save everyone. It is just a thought
PRESUMPTION OF INNOCENCE... OF THE GUILTY PILOT?
Why don't they ask Al Qaeda where it is; ask politely. If Al Qaeda didn't do it then why aren't they denying they are responsible. I find it strange that they are saying nothing and no one has asked them.
RIP to all on board that plane. We may never know just what happened. The fact that no "terrorist" type organization has taken credit for what happened makes me think it was just a horrible accident.
I think one did, but the authorities didn't believe them.
Oh, ok. I don't remember hearing that. Must have gotten "buried" among the rest of the news. Sad.
Sounds like defense counsel got a hold of the journalist and is trying to control the potential jury pool. Not happening or likely.
Ok I could buy this explanation expect for 1 fact why not head back to the airport they where only 1 hour out from? Why make a course change and head 7 hours for a different airport?
Have we had objective "news" on this yet? Way too much speculation about this from major media outlets that are supposed to be reporting events, not what they suspect happened.
thanks for all this info of the efforts of those in the cockpit to save the doomed airplane..can yahoo enumerate one by one the steps the crew did without the other facts.. the speculations.it just make it hard for the reader like me to follow the heroics the crew did.
Sadly, our willingness to jump to conclusions and attribute evil impulses rather than good, says something very bad about ourselves and our societies. With no facts available, we could assume the best (heroic behavior) or the worst (evil behavior). Why do we choose the worst? Good article.
Sounds nice but if the plane levels off at 12,000 feet it never flies for 7 more hours. That was the estimated range at cruising altitude. If it flew for 7 hours, it was over 30,000 feet.
Oh please. This plane was flown to a undisclosed location for something in the cargo or a person on board. They know what happened but will not tell anyone so as to not alarm the populous. Be done with this story already!
My theory. A fire started onboard so they took the plane to 45,000 feet or so to try and put it out because the air is so thin. Maybe they thought the lack of oxygen would help put the fire out. They changed the course as fast as they could to try and get back to Malaysia, but everyone became overcome with smoke from the fire so the plane continued on the new, hastily entered, course until it ran out of fuel. The fire eventually went out, but after the fumes or lack of oxygen had already overcome everyone onboard.
Sounds like a massive CYA exercise by the Malaysian government. One of these days Obama or Biden will announce that Bush did it in.
Are they ever going to admit that they just don't know, or do they ? Why have they lied so many times? What is the motive if not to cover something up? I don't believe in a conspiricy theory. I just don't understand how Malaysian Radar both military and civilian missed a uidentified 777 flying in their air space for about an hor.
Malaysian military radar did see the plane turn back but the Malaysian military is probably incompetent just like their government.
Well, does anyone know what really happened yet? One aspect of this tragedy is the tendency to throw someone under the bus even if the so called authorities are wandering about in the dark. And just maybe the lusting for a good sinister story drops some responsibility for that on the press. You die trying to save the aircraft and in the aftermath are being labeled a terrorist?
How do we know they were trying to save the airplane?
Lets just hope they find the plane and then the equipment will tell us what really happened. Enough of all this guess work ...
I'd bet those government employees were paid to make any sort of statement by our journalists searching for anything to speculate about during non stop coverage without facts.
No one knows what really happened to the plane and it might be awhile before we do.
The first slap was landed on the faces of the terrorist haters who quickly jumped to a convenient conclusion that the 2 Iranians on board of this plane were the suspects. A second slap is about to be landed on the feces of these terrorist haters who again quickly jumped to the conclusion that the pilots were at fault.
I pray they do find her and at least recover the recorders. If it's in too deep of water they may have to leave all remains onboard as they did on the titanic, the Arizona, it is a burial ground now leave the dead alone may they rest in peace.
The media always spends most of their time assigning fault to situations they know nothing about.
All the government people in every nation involved were elbowing one another to give press conferences and get themselves in front of the media cameras. Ever notice how government people huddle in groups before the cameras? When it only takes ONE person to give a press conference, all the do-nothings of government pretend as if THEY need to be standing there with the speaker... What a bunch of dweebs. They can't survive in the private sector employment market.
Do you people realize they haven't actually found anything yet? All they have is some debris they think could possibly be from the plane. Besides, the facts they have presented do not add up in any way shape or form. You don't fly for another 7 hours straight and cut off all communication if you are trying to save the plane.
It's really easy to bash someone, even when you THINK you have some of the facts! I hope its just as easy to choke down that crow!
Oh good more speculation. Thanks for clearing up this mystery!
We need more facts before saying anything. I think they will fond the plane and find out what really happened.
Please...for the love of God, STOP speculating. Just shut up until if/when they find the black box and voice data recorder so we can know exactly what happened. First they are terrorists, then they are heroes, then some mysterious passenger took over the plane....no one knows so STOP speculating, please.
whats the fun in that........... the media wouldnt have much of job then
Save the condemnation of all the speculation. You wrote this article 7 hours ago, not 7 days ago.
1) Flight anywhere besides the U.S., Israel, Canada, maybe a few others in the free world, is dicey. 2) The concept of larger planes is more profit equates to less safe in situations like this. Where ya gonna land the thing if something goes awry? Besides a crash landing. 3) What a freakin mess!! Have terrorists changed tactics, and gone silent after an act, or is this just a huge cluster?
Flying might be safer but surviving a crash almost never happens. I'll keep myself out of the skies.
Enough of this BS. Get back to me when someone knows what really took place. Until then, Stop with the theories and everything else about what happen to the plane.
- ask yousrelf , if you had to lose a aircraft - where would you do it?? - then ask yourself why you would need to lose an aircraft...
the answer to the first - is- there is no better place than the so indian ocean - the second answer is - there is something (or someone ) that poses a risk so great - that it destruction is much more important that cost of plane and lives...
So why does this author believe this new story to be completely true if the others were so bogus? And if they were flying to the nearest airport to land why did they "crash" near Australia in the middle of the ocean. This still makes no sense.
Seriously? A bunch of jerks are these officials. I hope and wish all these 239 families will sue them and get Malaysian Airlines out of business. They do not deserve to be in this sort of business or any business to that matter. Please pray for the comfort of these families who continue to grieve.
Well, every news service was willing to pick up and run with all these hypotheses, so whom are they trying to blame? Whatever, people... let's find the plane...
voodoo government... just shake your chicken bones and read them, that will give you just as an accurate answer
How boring and predictable. First the pilots are villains. Now they are heroes. Typical news media
No one knows what happened or is not allowing it to be revealed, but chances of it not being an inside job are low. Its all mere speculation that we do factually well.
We will never know the truth without that black box that only has about 13 days of power left. This writer is speculating the pilots tried to save the plane. They may or may not. This article is useless.
if provided with a " black box ", how are we to know its not a phoney ?
This is true but I assume that Boeing put some kind of authenticator on it. I am pretty sure that Malaysia hasn't been straight. This killed off a lot of time for the search for it.
Still there should have been some kind of communication I guess we will have to wait for the boxes if they can be found if not it is anyone's guess!
Who cares? The media hype is way too much.
So sad to say, I think we'll NEVER figure out what happened? could they be on an island held captive? Could they all have died in the water? It's so sad and really gives no closure to the families :/
Most likely fire disabled their communications and they were attempting to get to the nearest landing strip as fast as possible but apparently smoke or flames over took them.
"First officers do most of the flying anyway" No. Normally will the captain fly one sector, and then the first officer fly the next sector. And so on.
If they were trying to save it wouldn't they have landed when over land at the first available airport or ditched it in the ocean near a coast line?
I wonder how long its gonna take for a Movie Or Documentary to come out on this. Pundits are going to have a field day!
This article is a bunch of #$%$. They should be more respectful to the families and the deceased to put out #$%$ like this. Have we lost all hope on this planet. Whoever wrote this should feel shameful in the eyes of everything that is holy. #$%$. Its #$%$ for a paycheck #$%$ hole.
Problem is, there is not one scrap of a plane that has been recovered as of today. So how can anyone claim it's in the ocean, they can't.
the most important piece of information that the Malaysian government released after many days was that the plane carried material that could be dangerous. Apparently, that may be the root of the cause.
I was thinking space alien abduction. Still no proof the plane ever crashed.
This article is pure rubbish and amateurism run amok. Then I checked the source - The Daily beast - and I suddenly understood. Yahoo needs better sources because reading this stuff is really embarrassing.
The Daily Beast pumping out the BS as usual.
They have no Idea what happened.
God just tosses the conspiracy crowd some red meat. The longer it takes to find the plane, the more time they will have to let their imaginations run wild. Condolences to the victim's families.
The Malaysian government is the principal shareholder of the airline; a scandal would send the stock into the Indian Ocean.
I have been to the Far East. Logic shows that the Captain is guilty of killing his passenager for religious reasons. Find the black boxes. Read by third parties. I hope you find that a decompression occurred. If Muslin bulchered a plane full of passengers then a War will start.
Why did it turn left twice I understand the first turn but who or what made the last left turn?
In my infinite ignorance, can someone tell me why these heroic pilots never communicated their emergency with anybody... "Allright, good night" does not sound like "Mayday, mayday, we are declaring an emergency!" Of course, all the aviation experts will tell us that that is not standard procedure.
I was thinking the same, but maybe the communications systems went down at the same time as the emergency.
What doesn't add up is they turned the plane around but didn't try to return to the airport... doesn't sound like an emergency
That plane must have had quite a fuel load if it descended to 12,000 ft then ascended once again the cruising altitude which would let it reach Perth.
I'd like to believe it was a tragic accident and the pilots were innocent, but why were there no 'Mayday' calls?
Oh yeah - that government has been really forthcoming all along, no? And of course they will really share the truth with the rest of the world, no?
Not to mention all the opinions that every news channel was putting out. Don't I wish for just the facts and not all the opinions.
A sudden drop of cabin pressure seems the most logical explanation. If there was a sudden drop in pressure, all the concern would be to get the plane to 10,000 feet or lower. There would be no time to talk, nor have the breath to talk. If there was an electrical fire, then its possible that all were overcome at the same time also. A ghost ship seems pausable.
The pilots might have tried to save the plane - I came up with that theory a long time ago. How did it take them so long to realize that!!
What B.S. After the plane makes a 180 degree turn off its planned course, the copilot radios that all is well? Sure, while they were struggling for control.
As much as I hate to say I'm glad the plane has been found, giving the circumstances of the people aboard, I am so thankful that it is not something more sinister. The thought of it being hijacked to use for a future attack was a very scary thought. I hope the families of those lost will find peace.
Why don't you let us know in 2 years - uh - after an conclusive investigation of facts.
I really hope they find that black box.
So now we get to hear the talking heads ramble on for 2 more weeks about an incident that they still know ABSOLUTELY NOTHING about. It was speculation the day after it happened and it's speculation now. With all due respect to those who lost their lives and to their loved ones who are in mourning....I just wish that they would report that the plane went down, all were apparently lost and JUST MOVE ON!!!
One nation has yet to release any satellite photos despite its immense capability.
Wow....we've speculated for 14 days about all sorts of possibilities, but today and out of the blue, we have new and solid proof from satellite data that for 14 days was ....ignored? Forgotten? overlooked? Bright and early Monday morning AND at the highest news point of the week, we have breaking information on "new satellite data" that the plane went down in the middle of the Indian Ocean? Sorry, I don't buy the story. Not only will we ever see evidence of the missing plane because it's in alledgedly very deep waters, but this new 'evidence' will distract the shepple of the real where-abouts. For a few days we forgotten about the Ukrane and Russia....but now we're focused back on potential war with another major super-power. Can we please have someone in charge who knows something about history and the fall of the Roman Empire so we don't follow that same path?
The story on what happened to this plane has changed so many times, I honestly don't know what to believe. I can only imagine how the friends and family feel. Let this be a lesson on speaking to the media before you know the facts - it's not a good idea.
With no communication with the flight crew it all depends if they can recover the flight data recorder. Without the "black box" it is all pure speculation.
Dov Zackheim who was Comptroller of the Pentagon...911 was CEO of System Planning Corporation which had a box that could control Boeing planes and drones by remote control. What the media should research is if this plane was equipped with the Flight Termination System (FTS) or the (CTS) and check this out, instead of all this speculation.
I don't recall the Malaysians saying anything but that they were investigating everything, and I heard them emphatically say innocent until proven guilty, and were they supposed to sneak into the pilot's homes to search or what? This article is a big twist it up spin to get some drama going on. More than there is already by reality, not made up hype. Shame on the author. Not saying the Malaysians have been perfect, what they have been is inexperienced, shocked and a little slow at the beginning. But not out of malicious intent, or desire to point the finger at the political opposition or any weird inhumane thing. They are not Chinese murderers and did not wish or want or arrange for any of this. They are sad too. What is needed is the black box, and the world to show the families of the lost ones they care. Not articles meant to incite hatred and bigotry towards Malaysia by the Chinese or anyone else in the world. Those left behind to grieve now need compassion. Hating the Malaysians will not aid in their healing, and this article is heartless, not considering these things, real people, with real sorrow, and what they need now, to feel we care. Period. Not to have their emotions played. Shame on this author. Big shame.
Glad to read on some good comment about pilot after many days of doubts and i bet is the responbility of the pilot to try they best to save many lives on board but yet still having doubt..why does the pilot don't fly near the coarse and landed on the sea so that someone near could see it and immediately go out to save as much as possible...hmmmmm!! still puzzle...
At least on the bright side, MAS 370 has given us lots of opportunity to trash talk Malaysia, and trash talking someone always gives the masses great pleasure.
MAS 370 may have given you opportunities, most other commentators are commenting on flight MH370, the aircraft that has disappeared.
Everything is speculation until they either get the orange boxes or they find enough evidence to draw a conclusion.
I hate to say it but sadly we'll NEVER find out exactly what happened...
Here's a disturbing thought - a Ghost Plane. It is still flying somewhere even though it ran out of fuel and all of its passengers are dead... well, are clinically dead, only to be fleetingly seen if the conditions are right. Guys, this is the modern version of the Flying Dutchman. Keep your eyes peeled as you fly from now on.
So our government pushing the 'highjacked by terrorist' story was just a conspiracy theory? The whole 'terrorist' spin came from the USA. What other conspiracy theories is our government pushing?
I swear, if I read just 1 more time something like, "why didn't someone use their cell phone and call, or why don't they listen for the pingers, or why did they fly into the south Indian ocean, or why don't they use submarines to search for it or why don't they have aircraft carriers down there to refuel the planes or why did the Captain have to go to the bathroom"? I'm going to Commit HARI KARI !!!
How about this......The media and everyone else keeps their traps shut until the final report!!! So tired of all the assumptions, prognostications, conspiracy theories and the ridiculous racial/religious statements! I hope that history not only reflects what really happened; but also the ridiculousness and ignorance!
I think the thing had a loss of oxygen (some kind of failure) and flew on autopilot until it ran out of fuel on its own. Something like what happened to golfer Payne Stewart when the Lear jet he was on lost cabin pressure and flew on for hours, with everyone onboard dead, before crashing after running out of fuel.
Although I am a professional writer by trade, it doesn't take any sort of "writing" qualification to see that the writer of this article is a sloppy, awful writer, who treats "news" (as Yahoo does) as nothing more than an obscure, un-factual, terribly-written blog. What a joke. I hate that I have a yahoo email address because I always get sucked into this stupid #$%$.
I am certainly finished reading all this .B.S I am very dizzy from constantly going around in circles.
INsurance defense counsel is circling wagons. Don't fall for it.
Until the wreckage is found, Theories of alien abduction abound. Divine intervention is sure to get a mention. Ambiguity brings out the clowns.
This flight was after midnight. If the electronic guidance system(s) failed for whatever reason, then both pilots are basically flying blind.
They are changing the version again and again...no clue. Going back to the beginning...
No one that knows anything about this crash has said anything. Right now it's a bunch of people who speculate running their mouths. We will never know what really happened, because we would already know by now. Chalk it up as "We have no clue" and shut the hell up media, PM.
Excellent~Lets just move on now all we are being told is lies!
{" Dead men cannot defend themselves."} They can if they were able to document what happened before the plane crashed, in something that is retrieved from the crash site. This plane took a long time to crash.
turn left, fly for 5 hours, no cell phone call attempts made, turn off all radio equipment. Yes is sound as they were trying to save the plane.
Hey - look at this article. No one knows where the plane is, there is no proof, but now they are hyping a story about how the pilots tried to save everyone on board. Why? Because, just yesterday, according to Malaysia, they just found out the pilot descended to 12,000 feet after he changed course. Oh really? They know nothing - BUT they must rule out terrorism.
But still even with all these new facts one still remains and is rather sinister and that is the fact that in order for the plane to have ended up so far away in the So. Indian Ocean would have been for the plane to return to an altitude of at least 30,000ft, it could not have gotten that far at 10,000ft because fuel economy at such a low altitude is not very good.
This article does not mean anything but speculation and any guess of what happened is just as good as any other, the France flight that crashed into the Atlantic ocean was said to have went in front 1st like they were trying to land there and that was not right so this article does not mean they tried to save the plane and i still think the rookie pilot on the France flight 447 was on a suicide mission.
{"in those circumstances it would be essential to get down to below 10,000 feet."} Then why did they only drop to 12,000 feet? I have no problem with 12,000 as I'm used to hiking at that altitude, and I'm sure some of the flight's passengers could function just fine at that altitude, but for many people, 12,000 can cause serious health problems. I've seen folks collapse at that altitude.
(Insert LOST joke here) But in all seriousness, if the plane did crash in the middle of the ocean, it will be years before it is found. I haven't been following the story that closely. What are the main conspiracy theories?
Well there are many. Alien abduction, pilot suicide, black hole, pilot error, hijacking in order to equip the plane with nukes at a later date to possibly create an EMP bomb over the US, plane flew to Pakistan or some remote island with passengers killed and/or all safe. Did I miss any?
Shape shifting alien reptile time travelers! It's so obvious! Are the investigators blind?
Now that was not the News media told or did they?
according to this guy, the plane had become a terminator and shut all the communication systems.
No matter the outcome Malaysia comes out of this with a huge black eye.
That's their job!, just as a captain of a ship. Pilots, captains, etc are supposed to try to avert catastrophe.
What I hope happened is that there was an electrical or pressure failure... that the pilots had a chance to do as much as they did, before activating autopilot... & passing out. I hope that the passengers had all passed out as well. I'm not sure what the pilots would hope to accomplish with autopilot, but it's possible that they were not thinking clearly & simply did it automatically.... or they may have put it on autopilot so that they could try to handle whatever the cause of the problem was.... a fire somewhere in the cabin or cockpit.... fumes of unknown origin.... I just hope that for most of that flight everyone was unconscious.
All of this reeks of the Malaysians trying to distance themselves from culpability in this disaster.
If the plane was in good enough condition to fly for 8 hours, how bad could the problem have been? As for toxic fumes, they could have opened the doors at 15K feet (it's been done before). And the pilots have masks, so it's not like the passengers were left to fly it like in the movie "Airplane."
That does not make sense. If the pilots were trying to save the plane, they should have sent a distress signal in case someone survived a / the crash; and or bodies could have been recovered (as well as data that might prevent a similar situation in the future).
God only knows and he pilots and passengers and crew and they may all be dead!
Come on. Inexperience pilots at control can't make MAYDAY call during emergency. BS story. Based on what data or info can the French reconstruct the final moment?
A lot of commenters have even gone further to suggest that since Malaysia is largely Muslim that the pilots were crazy Muslim militants. Where in fact, the news reported that he captain posted comments supportive of atheists and is a member of a secular opposition party that advocates liberalism. Liberal fanatic killers a whole new category? I think we should wait until evidence is recovered.
Why no radio contact then? and why fly to Antarctica? Some serious holes in this "reasoning"
I thought it was crashed from day one. This simply because you can't land it clandestinely at any airport capable of receiving it. Not to mention that once seen the news would have leaked immediately concerning it being present. As to the cause, who knows? Condolences to everyone who lost a loved one.
I agree but I also thought there was a possibility that the plane had crashed into a remote desert or mountain range.
My opinion, I think after that " Goodnight" message, pilot or co-pilot left the cockpit when A struggle happened in the cockpit with hijacker(s)! For some reason and it's just a feeling, I believe he and the co-pilot tried desparately to save everyone!
All this speculation has to be so hard on the families involved. Stop guessing what happened find the black box and figure it out
With any of these scenarios you would have wreckage plain and simple. All kinds of things float in the ocean on this plane. I know cell phones have tracking devices. Even if pressure was lost, cabin fire, The plane flew on its own whatever, Debris should be somewhere!
The airline wants it to look like the pilots were at fault. but they probably know that something wasn't done right with respect to servicing the plane or securing its cargo contents. I have no doubt that the pilots were attempting an emergency landing. There is no other reason for them to make such a drastic sharp deviation in route and drop the plane to 12,000 ft elevation. Plus, there was a Malaysian airport in direst line of the change in direction. Unfortunately, they probably died before they could land the plane and it just continued on auto-pilot out into the sea. But they aren't here to defend themselves so they make easy targets to blame.
It was only that far off course because the plane was flying on auto-pilot until it ran out of fuel. What is so hard to understand about that?
Wot I dont understand about this whole senario is communication.........by crew members and by passengers alike can someone offer an explanation ? WHY WAS NO ONE NOTIFIED OF TROUBLE ON BOARD?
if its true that it went strait for 7 hours then you can count on the fact that it was on autopilot.
Whether the pilots tried to save the plane or they purposefully drove it into the ocean, the last words all the passengers heard of the intercom remain the same: "Allah Akbar".
They are now into damage control. They have let too many cats out of the bag and now they are trying to gated them back in. They are telling the families they have evidence but not 1 piece of the plane. sounds like a cover-up to avoid Law suites.
Story keeps changing. They don't want the plane found by the wrong people. There is some valuable cargo in there
My pilot friends say that something catastrophic happened and these pilots did their best but if the airline decompressed there was no saving it. They tried.
So in an emergency, they dont send out a mayday? Try explaining that away.
Am I missing something from this article....like facts? Title reads:"The pilots tried to save MH370", but I didn't read anything about that, just more speculation.. As a matter of fact the author criticizes speculation but then gives his own opinion, which is speculation
They made the turn, then made their last communication. The premise of the story makes no sense.
This article is a little unfair since at no time did Malaysia say or even speculate on what caused the plane to go off course and disappear. They have consistently said that ALL possibilities are being investigated and nothing is being discounted. If the media and the conspiracy nut jobs concentrated on all things sinister and fantastical then that is a criticism of them. Until then all things including the pilots background need to be investigated.
It's time to quit speculating, and wait for a real answer instead of steadily contradictory explanations.
These people know nothing about the plane, its where abouts or the crew and passengers.nothing. Period. (Or they do, and its all a cover up for some reason?) And to tell the families that the plane went down in the Indian Ocean............really? You have no idea??? No real proof of anything at all. Always finding something, and then there is nothing. I think it is just their way of saying, we are tired of trying to look for something we cant find, and spending money with no answers. You have absolutely NOTHING. Why even keep reporting this stuff. When you have a piece of the plane....a body, anything with some validity, then write about it.
So, what will the next story be? It was the cooks fault? One of the flight attendants didn't spit their gum out? How about we play a new and totally different game? Once the data recorders are recovered and all the information on them is recovered, THEN give us a tail that's based on facts as opposed to just another "reporter" dreaming up another line of sheet to make his payroll.
So, the aircraft was experiencing mechanical or technical problems, needed to land ASAP, but made course changes out over the Indian Ocean and continued on for hours? Riiiiight!
The heading they took was directly toward the closest airport. Probably, they became incapacitated by smoke before they could reach the airport. So the plane continued to fly on autopilot, past the airport on out to sea, until it ran out of fuel.
There are so many "Armchair Pilots" who know diddely (sh)it on what's really happened on flight MH370 or in general aviation giving their BS. Why they just shut up and wait until more concrete evidence is found.
Because things like this provide them an irresistible opportunity to indulge their prejudices. Fact and logic mean nothing when you can vent like a mad man.
What has this writer been smoking? There's not one scintilla of evidence to back up any of his conjecture.
some years ago used to be catastrophic problems with MU-!0 (I think it was a japanese version of LearJet. Computer systems all of sudden overpowered all manual controls and pilot was helpless and computer system directed plane to nosedive. One case happened I think in TX in late 80's , when pilot was helpless with controls and the plane nosedived, it was all recorded.
My question has been - not one single call from anyone with a cell phone on that plane? If it's true the plane was in trouble, none of the passengers could tell anything was wrong, and no one, not one, tried to make a call? They would have had to have all died instantly to prevent that from happening, and maybe they did, but it just seems really really odd.
Pot calling the kettle black-America and the US Media plays the semantics game well" Something more than semantics was involved in the way the Malaysians set up this picture—“switched off” unambiguously implies direct action, “disabled”—another term used—is more of a weasel word that can leave you wondering whether the action was accidental or by design.
At this point in time, it seems like there are holes in just about every scenario that has been suggested. One problem is that the public has been provided with so much misinformation, it's next to impossible to develop a reasonable hypothesis. Did it really change course? Did it fly around for 7+ hours? Did it head towards the Southern Indian Ocean? Did it drop to 12,000 feet? Was it hijacked and then shot down over the India Ocean?
They cannot say anything without the black boxes. The rest is spin.
It is just amazing to me how many people can scratch their butts and type at the same time after incidents such as these.
sounds more and more like IMP than any thing else I say that because no phone data how many flights in that space at that time would clear that up unless it was a directional beam from a weapons source considering the problems our leaders are having with China who s to say it aint so hopefully we find the truth through evidence so everyone can grieve without doubt and begin the healing prosess
THE MEDIA NO LONGER REPORTS THE NEWS, THEY CREATE IT! STOP hypothesizing and theorizing and fight out the facts and until then #$%$ and stop sensationalizing a tragedy!
I remember when the plane first disappeared, there was speculation that this was a terrorist act because a number of passengers were traveling with stolen passports.
I still can't get passed this, in a emergency no radio contact, no mayday, Houston we have a problem! or anything! I have a feeling it was a botched hijacking, using a shoe bomb to open the door, killing the pilots, starting a fire and the hijacker trying to fly and dying from lack of oxygen, the fire goes out because no air left in plane, the plane continues on. Still many holes in this theory. It really is a mystery
Why the fire? For the rest I am with you, but why the fire? The evidence is the plane went up very high, and that could have triggered a pressure event, yet leave the craft airworthy.
An oil rig worker said he saw it on fire for 10 to 15 seconds and the plane was still intact. Don't know though if hes telling the truth.
@BluePitBull that report was in the south china sea, way to the northeast. What he saw was not this plane as judging by radar data, the plane was never in that area. The sun shining off clouds in certain ways with reflections of water can do very weird things. Check out for example Brocken Spectres.
I read a post by a pilot a week ago that predicted this and he said for a fire that may be electric, you pull all the fuses first, cutting off communication, them go high to try to starve the fire, then, if that doesn't work, dive (as you may have seen in some WWII movies in an attempt to put out the fire. He predicted that the left turn was an attempt to get to the nearest airport, but the fumes at some point overcame the crew. The plane continued on autopilot until it crashed or ran out of fuel and crashed.
I know it was in the China sea.
Kevin, that sounds fine if the burnt out debris is found nearby. But how does such an flying inferno make it to Australia?
So, to make a long story short, ALL of the media outlets did all of this for RATINGS!!! What else is new? I am just about done with all of them!!! I use to be a real "news" junky!!! I now realize that it isn't really NEWS at all!!! It is just all a big show!!! WORTHLESS PIECES OF GARBAGE!!! ALL OF THEM!!!
me so sorry, but me no buy it. if that plane indeed go down on 8th or 9th, ya'd be able to see them bodies by now. something not adding up. me still hope them aliens drop back down from whatever dimension they are holding that plane.
Not if their all still strapped in the seats in the plane
Malaysia has been advised by their attorneys not to accept any responsibility for the loss of this aircraft and it's occupants. They are to blame it all on Boeing. Of course the wonderful pilots did everything in their power to save the failing aircraft. Boeing is responsible, period. So pay up, Boeing!
Maybe taking the plane to 45,000 feet...which, as the story states, is beyond its safe operating range...is what did it in. Perhaps there was a pressure event at those extreme altitudes which made the plane drift silent for hours in the direction of nowhere.
To be in the south of Indian ocean the pilot sure made more then one turn. It points out that it is not the autopilot operated the plane. So the electrical system on the plane operated, and pilots had enough time in their flight to conduct an emergency on the ground. But they did not. To fly for 8 hours the plane definitely had not been broken. The investigation will find out the truth, not the "Daily Beast" unknown author of this article.
sudden loss of air pressure or a fire could explain this
Still, as was reported immediately, the plane "disappeared" precisely in the one minute or so between leaving KL ATC and contacting Vietnamese ATC. It's hard to imagine that that is mere coincidence.
the malaysian officials are trying to declare an end to this mystery without finding the wreckage. I dont think neither they nor Boeing are interested in finding the truth or the black boxes, therefore their liabilities will be very limited. the only victims are those on board and their acquintances
Anybody who knowingly gets on an airplane with two pilots named Mohamed and Abdul is out of their minds. I'm going back to the Philippines next month and I cancelled my tickets with Cathay Pacific and bought tickets with United for about $300.00 more. I don't know if Cathay Pacific hires Muslim pilots or not. But I'm not taking any chances. I'm pretty sure that United doesn't hire Al Queda members to pilot their planes.
At this point all we have is a good story no facts no definitive proof they know what happened.
Im not concerned with what might have happened. I want to know what actually happened.
Right, right, and 12 minutes after the flight computer takes the plane way of course, the co-pilot signs off "good night" as if nothing is wrong.. And don't get me started on the disabled transponder. Those pilots were up to no good!
How horrible would it be if the cockpit was all locked up, the pilots died somehow, and the passengers were fine. They would just be riding along on autopilot in terror. How difficult would it be to break in to a cockpit if you have no one trying to stop you?
RIP. RIP to the company also!
The author of this bovine-like op-ed bashes the hypothetical scenarios of MH 370's fate. Which I too found callous, moronic on the Malaysian government/ military's part. Only to do the very same thing with this scenario when the REAL cause is many months/ years in coming to fruition! What nonsense. Though this is a Daily Beast op-ed..
Just a whole very bizarre story indeed. Now ALL OF A SUDDEN they are stuck on this story that the plane crashed in the ocean and that the pilots did nothing malicious.....they just want an END OF STORY is all, they don't know what the hell happened still, its just very convenient for them to stay that.....Im still sticking with a hijacking, maybe pilots doing this and the plane was taken and landed somewhere....this story will not convince me otherwise until they show me PROOF!
Oh my god. All along, the authorities, experts and ex-pilots were all talking about catastrophic accident as their main focus in finding the plane. The ONLY statement made by the authorities when asked about terrorism or hijacking plot, is that "we consider every scenarios". Then the media ran with it for 2 weeks painting every single possible ways that promote excitement and controversies (suicide, hijacking, terror plot etc) EXCEPT for a simple accident. Even though all possible leads otherwise have come up empty.
don't forget being sucked in a black hole according to CNN's Don Lemon.
It WASN'T an accident. Pilot suicide isn't an accident
That's the media for you. They have the I got to get a story out no matter how stupid or how far from the truth it is.
this was not a simple accident...
why are you blaming this on the media, when clearly it was Malaysian Airlines, the Malaysian gov't and military who were feeding misleading information to the media? if not for the endless questions and speculation, the only pressure to discover the facts would have come from the families of the 239 people lost. it's interesting that Boeing Corp rarely ever runs TV advertising, but yesterday, during the NCAA tourney, it ran a commercial about the safety of it's planes. Malaysian Airlines and Malaysian gov't officials have similar concerns as Boeing over liability.
There's no such thing as a "simple" accident on a $250M aircraft. There are simpletons that come up with such lame excuses.
Well Kalte, the Titanic was (touted as) a state-of-the-art transport, but it ran into an Iceberg...doesn't get much simpler than that :P
Sure there is Kaltedarian, you obviously have no idea how things are made in this world.
@SW, not true. They did eventually state that whatever happened was the result of foul-play and not an accident. Please show me the proof that it was 'simply an accident'? Oh, that's right. That angle has come up empty with any kind of evidence as well.
What are you talking about? Did you not hear the prime minister of Malaysia say it was a deliberate act? I cannot blame the media for this and believe me I am no fan of the media.
Saw this coming a mile away. The actions taken by the pilots are the exact actions one would take in a "explosive decompression". Nobody knows exactly what happened but the Malaysian Government, or any Government in the region (other than Australia) surely can not be trusted. The one thing that I found ridiculous is the claim that the turn had been pre-programmed before take off. Most people when advised of this fact would assume the fact thoroughly vetted. Well, seems this little fact which tidied things up quite well was a lie. Once you get over this, the actions seem very consistent with a crew trying to save an aircraft.
Flying an aircraft thousands of miles off course? I don't think so. I'm not sure what exactly happened and I'm not speculating. It just seems odd to have flown the plane over a large ocean after it experienced a major decompression event.
After a major decompression event maybe they were all dead so it just kept on flying, they said that type of plane was capable of doing that
Yeah, I thought of this scenario too. However, I have a hard time with no distress signal, plane was capable of flying hours after the "event" and according to "experts", the plane would have run out of fuel a lot sooner if it kept at a 12,000 ft altitude.
@Nick F - If they got the aircraft stabilized at 12000ft, then the pilot succumbed to whatever event was taking place with an operational autopilot engaged.....the aircraft would have flown until it ran out of fuel at whatever heading it was on. This happened to Payne Stewart years ago. everyone fell asleep due to oxygen deprivation and the aircraft flew until it ran out of gas.
@Tom B - The events in the timeline are the clues. I suspect some type of decompression event or fire that systematically took out some systems while leaving others intact.
Feeling bad for all these family members and friends. They have been jerked around and still are. I don't believe the plane crashed in the southern Indian Ocean.
10 years from now we'll find out that Boeing was aware of electrical issues with 777 similar to what is going on with General Motors right now.
Those planes were already grounded for months for fires due to the lithium batteries. I have also read that they were grounded when 3 of the planes had huge panels drop off them during landing. I just read an article where 40 of the planes that have never flown had cracked wings. The wings are made in Japan and the manufacturer supposedly had tried a new design to lighten them.
my best guess,antlantians forced aircraft down to manageable altitude,by manipulating low pressure this is frighten pilots and tried to escape low pressure vortec,and craft is now a secret location in Antarctica,these antlantian craft are known has fugalrad and use barometric planetary atmosphere to travel in earths atmosphere.they vaporize oxygen with high voltage to create low pressure,thats why clouds float that why you never hardly see clouds below 2000 ft atmosphere to thick and gravity cant pull them any lower.at high altitude they use edi currents that earth creates and ride magnetic field,earth is like a electric motor,thats one of the reasons it turns like a electric dc motor only a bit slower.passengers will never be heard of again nor will they be found,but they are in good hand if this is true.
rg that,thats why program was terminated,all myths are made to true event but happen so long ago,the story gets change just like the bible,wait,watch and see.400 thousand + years,lotta time to get truth corrupted.
If these pilots indeed tried to save the plane and passengers, there are a lot of opinionated idiots going to have to do a "red face" apology.
I'm reading and hearing different scenarios everyday about what happened to this missing plane.
Now that we are ever more certain that the crash was due to a electrical fire or malfunction makes the search for the black boxes even more crucial. There may be a hidden danger on the design of these electrical systems that we may correct so that we might help save future flights from similar disasters.
Still doesn't explain lack of distress call, I am not saying it was terrorism or some big conspiracy but the fact no one radioed there was a problem is what is weird. The pilots had to of turned the plane around why did they not radio a distress?
Given the hours of flying after the turn was made, making no distress call is inexcusable.
Whatever happened up there happened very quickly. I would bet that 90% of the passengers had cell phones but not one passenger was able to make a desperate call to a family member, friend or even a random number to call for help. Passengers of the ill-fated United Airlines were able to make phone calls. I cannot imagine the terror these passengers went through..May they all rest in peace.
That's because they were over this thing called land where there's this thing called cell phone towers not over the ocean where there's this thing called water.
sigh...the cell phone generation is so ridiculous.
Maybe but you still gotta kind of wonder how he got 3500 miles away from where he was supposed to be in the opposite F'g direction. I understand that instruments are important but going south when you're supposed to be going north?
I agree with Shillary, Rice and Big Ears, the problems with flight 370 were caused by the video.
remember a couple of Indians or Arabs were cooking on the Lockheed TriStar that bought the plane down in flame. This looks like a repeat episode, I'll check for any of the passengers were from that part of the world and carried cooking range on board
I guess it's time to put a can on the lid and see what happens. They think with time people will just move on to the next big news and there probably right. Until I see a piece of aluminum that identifies with 370 there full of it.
so basicaly the media is all washed up and just about anything sails right over their head and were all here stuck looking like idiots because of it.
A lot of unanswered questions. For example, I have seen no explanation why the two Iranian men aboard the flight, flew out of Iran using their real passports, but were using stolen passports on this flight.
There have been numerous stories explaining why just like there have been numerous stories explaining why cell phones don't work over the ocean yet people continue to post the same asinine comments about it. Try using that computer you are on for more than looking at porn and search for the information.
You can spell asinine? I'm surprised given your level of dialog.
I'm willing to wait and see what the people investigating come up with, rather than come up with my own theories. Since none of us know anything about it, it might be good advice for all of us.
I don't pay much attention to any more of these theories. This is a mystery and it will sell newspapers and generate ratings for months to come, and as long as it does, there will be more theories from people who know absolutely nothing about anything.
Whatever happened... everyone who was on that plane when it took off is dead...
They are most likely hooked up with a new gig working for the Dharma Initiative.
How can they suggest nefarious actions when they got nothing? The "Black Hole" theory or alien abduction could be just as likely without any proof. This will be unknown for quite sometime. No more speculations, please.
Maybe something catastrophic did happen to the plane???...electrical failure or depressurization in the cabin or a fire as some had suggested. There was communication until one of the pilots said "Good Night" and then nothing. Like when golfer Payne Stewart's jet flew for several hours and then crashed in one of the Dakotas after it ran out of fuel. the cause was a malfunction in the airplane's pressure system, and the windows were seen iced over when fighter jets were scrambled to check on his jet. Everyone on board was incapacitated. So, yes, that jet kept flying for several hours. We will never truly know until the black box is found. My sympathies to all those families who have been through hell these last 2 weeks. May God comfort you all and may those lost on that flight be in the heavens.
Jeepers Kelly! I had never heard this story before, but it certainly sounds like a plausible explanation. Why over 200 people didn't use their cell phones or anything to call out ...but Creepers! what a horrible thing to imagine. A flight full of dead people zooming across the ocean only to drop from the sky, out of fuel and out of sight. It's like a Stephen King story. Cue Twilight Zone music....
Hypoxia doesn't necessarily mean unconscious. One of the pilots could have been in a state of semi-consciousness and made the turn without really know what he was doing before blacking out.
Since day one there where a lot of idiots reporting the case, reporters, pilots, security personell and others. I am an engineer and know that sometimes catastrophic accidents happen. I predicted from day 2 that something catastophic had happened to the plane and that this had nothing to do with the pilots or passengers and that the plane would fly until the plane runs out of fuel and excactly that happened.
I think the pilot probably turned into a Zombie shortly after takeoff . He quickly eat all the passengers and crew. The awkward flight path and sudden elevation changes are obviously a testament to the inability of Zombies to fly jumbo jets. The instruments that were shut off are due to a zombies inability to sit still and Not touch anything.
My guess is they died early on and the airplane flew on autopilot until it crashed.
If they tried to save the plane...why was it headed in the wrong direction?
Due to liability issues, Malaysian authorities changed the pilots from terrorists to heroes.
They must have worked for the white house, and had Hillary guiding them.
The modern media is basically useless! First speculaton about the plane, then the pilots, finally about the people who made the speculations. None of it is real NEWS. Let's put our energy into locating the plane and figuring out what really happened. Then, and ONLY then, report the results. The NEWS is supposed to be about informing the public; NOT about who can get their face on TV, sell the most commercial time, or get the most web hits!!!!!!!!!! USELESS!
More likely that they decided to go to commit suicide and went to cruising altitude, opened the air intakes to the outside, reduced the oxygen, let everyone go to sleep and die (would only take a couple of minutes), put the plane on auto pilot and selected a heading out to sea. That would account for the up and down yo-yo in altitude.
So the author of this article says all the speculation was wrong, yet speculates away himself. OK got it LOL.....His is better because it is nicer to the pilots I guess.
Did they find the plane yet? Because I don't really care what they "think" happened unless they have physical evidence.
"Greet VIP passengers"? No, idiot, it's a required rest brake. "The first officer does most of the flying anyway"? No idiot, the captain and FO actually trade out legs. Someone disabled the CPDLC/ACARS and probably turned off the transponder since it showedup as a primary target on Thai radar. Also, the avigate, navigate, communicate process is almost done simultaneously and there would have been a mayday call that would have been picked up by someone. 121.5 is monitored by all airliners and has an effective range of hundreds of miles at altitude. It may not be the pilots fault, but moronic stories like this don't help at all. Go back to reporting on the Kardashians.
Wow. You act like you're so knowledgeable, but you can't even spell "break" correctly? Plus showedup, avigate? You mention the Kardashians whilst discussing a potential plane crash? Yeah, you are the first person I want investigating a jet plane flight issue.
Just a few thousand hours of international pilot airline flying Jen. Sorry I can't type on an iPad.....go screw yourself sweetie.
lol You think you know so much and you can't even spell correctly. You don't take a rest brake, you take a rest break.
Again, iPad typing and spellcheck. Whadaya an English teacher...jeez.
Only plausible theory I've read so far is that the left turn from 270 was to attempt to make approach for landing at RMAF Butterworth, and overcome by toxic smoke/electrical fire before they could make it.
I just can't see them not making a radio call w/ smoke or fire etc. Plus the whole disabling ACARS thing. Still could have been a cockpit breech/hijack though...not ruling that out...but you would think the hijackers would have made a call or took credit.....weird.
Why has not more focus been put on the younger co-captain? He made the final vocal hand-off call to ground control which appeared mysterious in nature?? Why did the captain go silent thereafter? And that sudden climb to 45k !?! Another theory I have not heard much discussed is if it could have been remotely 'hacked'?!? That theory was discussed after Asiana Flt 214 crash. I'm not seeing evidence yet of pilots trying to 'save' the jet. Sorry.
that call was typical when switching atc's.
Wish they had the C(o)ckpit Voice Recorder. That will tell exactly what happened on that flight deck.
All we really know for sure is that all of those on board are now dead.
nevertheless someone must have acted very wrongfully.The pilots or the plane designers. Human errors or deliberate actions. No distress signals sent, tracking switched off etc. Or a faulty design of the safety systems in the plane.
I have said all along that the lithium batteries most likely caught fire and disabled the transponder, acars and communications which would explain the change of course and drop in altitude after filling the aircraft full of smoke. I said this even before the guy on the oil rig saw a burning plane at high altitude which the authorities didn't seem to take seriously. Nope, too intent on making us all believe it was high jacked and some future 911 event was in the making. I guess everybody forgot Boeings recall and quick "Fix" of putting batteries that already had the nasty habit of catching fire into so called fireproof boxes. This was just a matter of time and unfortunately it will probably happen again until all those batteries are replaced.
that was the 767- Dreamliner. Completely different aircraft. 777 uses different batteries. but your idea has logic to it.
Interesting. I forgot about those batteries. Wonder why no one else has raised this issue?
this battery nonsense DIDN'T happen on this plane lads...wake up to the reality of a sinister act
Thank you Shane....I didnt know they used different batteries but even so this plane (was) carrying lithium batteries.
Thank goodness for endless 24 hour news & a world full of smart phone reporters. We're able to get misinformation & speculation immediately.
You make it sound like the french flight crew were negligent and that the Malaysian flight crew are perfect. You omitted simple facts: Malaysian flight crew were lackadaisical with security of the cockpit. Malaysian pilots have smoked cigarettes in cockpit against regulation. Malaysian pilots have invited passengers (two females) to the cockpit and those interviewed (past and current employees) have admitted it went on (after 9/11). Malaysian pilots have turned off the two systems (transponder and ACARS system). Malaysian pilots inputted new destination into the system that was obviously not the nearby airport, or there would have been communication with the appropriate towers. Malaysian pilots have flown so off-course that they probably ended up in the middle of Indian ocean. How many hours (seven?) did they fly to the remote location? Is that emergency procedure to continue flying for many hours and direct course into the open ocean? Did the author read the article on the reluctance or refusal for avionic authorities to label such incidents as suicide? Do you think that Malaysian government (with majority ownership of the airline) wants to taint a bad image of the pilots or the Malaysian airline? Do you think a suicide label will help with international relationship, liability, or financial stability of a national airline with history of unprofitability/losses?
Why did it take the Malaysian government to look towards the Indian ocean in their search for their flight? Even with satellite "ping" data from the very company that is being quoted by the Malaysian authorities, it took them valuable days to become convinced that they were searching in the wrong area. Even with other nations stating that the flight might have been diverted towards the Indian ocean as well as Malaysian military radar picking up a possible passenger aircraft in the direction of Indian ocean, the Malaysian authorities wanted to assure the public that the search was in the right area and that we should not draw conclusions into the pilots. The Malaysian authorities realized their mistake and investigated potential foul play way too late as evident in the amount of time before raiding the pilot's and co-pilot's homes (including confiscating the flight simulator for clues). Why again? It points at their inadequate security system and protocol, where the flight crew and airline personnel knew that the pilots were smoking in the cabin and were allowing access to unauthorized people to the cockpit. It could lead to a change in attitude towards the airline by the public, which is highly regarded in service. It will ruin the government and private efforts to turn the company into a profitable entity, which it has not been for a long time.
Apparently the first law suits were recently filed.
So now Yahoo resorts to printing conspiracy theories as 'news'. How sad.
why don't you look who actually did the story. Yahoo is only posting what some other site said. If you don't like Yahoo, don't post on it.
If smoke disabled pilots then auto pilot flew a dead plane.
This article is all useless SPECULATION and doesn't add anything to the discussion. Quit speculating and wait until the wreckage is found to figure out what happened.
They haven't even found the plane yet, 3 days ago the big buzz was it was sucked into a black hole!!! Before that the mother ship beamed it aboard!! Now your pushing they were trying to fix it? And ET was in back having a party with the stewardess becoming part of the fly below radar club!! Give it a break!!!
All those, including Malaysia itself, need to apologize heartily to the pilots' families for saying the horrid things they did about them. They suspected those poor pilots of terrorism, and even suicide, for crying out loud, when all they were trying to do was save this flight and all lives on board. Shame! I hope Malaysia and Malaysia Airlines are sued for every penny they have. People should stop going there on vacation. Bleed them dry for the preposterous way they have handled this. And if Malaysian Airlines put a shipment of lithium batteries on board that plane, then they are fully responsible for this horror.
I still think the plane was stolen & is now somewhere in the Iranian territory getting geared up to be used as a bomb transporter to some (maybe us) unfortunate country. I'm just not buying that it crashed when there is absolutely no evidence to prove that. I believe the pilots took the plane up to 45,000 & killed off the passengers, then dropped down to avoid radar. I'm not usually one to buy into the conspiracy theories, but this makes no sense.
And your expertise is in what field? Look in the mirror and tell that person to stop using the non-intelligent part of the brain. You sound st00pid.
You my friend are an idiot... turn in your uterus ASAP
haven't you read that their is debris all over the indian ocean, that is no where near Iran.
they did not have the fuel to make it to Iran plus they would have had to pass countless radars on the way including U.S. naval radar.
The reason for the plane to shoot up to 45,000 ft and dive down to 12,000 ft or so will be due to the fact that one of the pilots was trying to take control of the plane with his side of flight control, and the other pilot was trying to wrestle it back ! The fact is someone has written a well thought out script and it is playing out well.The pilot is just a ' red herring ' and the 239 lives were just colletral damage in a bigger scheme of things .No one is asking the right questions. The investigation of this tragedy should be taken over by an international neutral body ! The Malaysian government is not going to tell the truth ! PERIOD .
@DrewB--You have, in yr pathetic attempt to be sarcastic to Rose, just earned the "Rectum of the year" award. BTW-- The pathetic face in yr avatar looks like its been ORALLY ABUSED!
Yeah, I admit that I was ready to blame the flight crew. Now, I am not at all sure that they didn't have some kind of a catastrophic failure of some system(s) and tried to save the plane. I hope that eventually they find the plane and enough evidence to say what happened. To the families of the passengers: I am sorry.
Who is the idiot that wrote this? A plane that far off course that early into the flight? You must be smoking crack or trying to get the owners of the air line out of responsibility for this.
Hypoxia/death? No MADAY"S were sent because the crew (blameless) were already unconscious as the "event" was a catastrophic one and happened so fast? So who switched off the transponders? This will be solved, but first the definitive evidence of the plane needs to be found.
If you knew all this -why Not say it before today?. My thinking is something is being said to cover the pilots of the plane due to insurance? or the finally admitting We don't know so lets just say this since we cant find it!
Unlike the terrorist theory lovers I have no doubt they did everything they could to save that plane. They have now claimed the loss of communication, pre-programming and now even the radar evading plan to Pakistan were ALL incorrect. Whatever happened was catastrophic and its not the first time a plane flew on cruise control with everyone dead on board. Its very sad but its not terrorism or government denial. Government incompetence, industry negligence? Sure sounds like it.
I feel bad for the two Iranians who went to all the trouble to get fake passports and get on this flight and then, BAM, it gets hijacked/blows up/disappears. What a waste of good forgeries.
i think this is an ongoing investigation. we can speculate and point fingers right and left. but, only one thing is certain, the crew and passengers are with us no more. let us just pray for their souls and give them the benefit of the doubt .
WE ARE BEING LIED TO. THE QUESTION IS, WHY? It is said that they can track your Cell phone to within three feet. The NSA is recording 100% of all of our Electronic Communications at their Multi Billion Dollar Utah Facility. My son's ATT work truck is being constantly tracked/monitored 24/7 and all major trucking companies do the same thing. But nobody has ever even thought, "Hey we could track Aircraft 24/7? Not buying the line of BS. The Satellite images we have been shown are late 60's to early 70's technology. I speak that from firsthand knowledge having been in Operations Intelligence for the US Navy. 100% Bravo Sierra Whiskey Tango Foxtrot
Unfortunately, many prefer the comfort of a conspiracy versus the foundation of fact and common sense.
I'm going to bet that a lot of the same people speculating about conspiracies over this also stated that it was not a matter of "if but when" the Sochi Olympics were attacked by terrorists.
Usually I don't comment about those who give my post a 'thumbs down' as I really don't give a rat's red rear end. However, I shall make an exception. It looks like I reeled in someone who prefers the comfort of conspiracy! EEEEEE HAAAAAAA. LOOKS LIKE A KEEPER!
What a joke! What's facts? They haven't even found the wreckage yet. It amazes me how the media is clinging on ANYTHING to keep viewers, especially CNN. Irresponsible media coverage. NOBODY actually knows what happened, since we cannot interview the pilots, how can anything that is being reported by the media have any credit. The worst was that idiot on CNN actually entertaining a "black hole" theory. Are you serious? Really?
In other words, Malaysian authorities still have no ideas what happened. Not really sure with today's technology you can actually loose track of a large plane completely. They might not be able to prevent the accident but not knowing anything at all is still baffling.
These idiots have no idea whatsoever happened, not even a clue and should shut their bull shucking mouths because the more they say the worse they look.
now wait just one freaking minute. wasn't it just yesterday that the plane had been flown to some un-named Muslim country so that it could be modified to carry a freaking atomic bomb and crash into some un-named christian target? you nutcases are just sick moe foes.
They have absolutely no clue what happened to this aircraft nor its current whereabouts.
All speculation. Find the plane, recover black boxes, solve the mystery. I personally do not believe it was a mechanical issue. That's my speculation.
The experts claim that after the plane went down to 12,000' it couldn't have reached the south Indian Ocean staying that low since fuel usage would have been twice as much as flying at 35,000', so it would have had to go back up to 35,000' which would have meant constant pilot intervention and not autopilot as some people have said. There are alot of unanswered questions here. Why didn't they believe the fishermen who told authorities almost immediately that they saw the plane heading south at a very low altitude? Much wasted time could have been saved.
Doubt it...they just want to spin it so the truth does not offend the radical Muslims in the world. turn 180 degrees off course, shut off all communication, no may days...yeah sounds like accomplished their goal...
If someone were to construct a distance radius from the point the signal was lost, there is a 100% probability that the airliner is in that circle. However. A noteworthy Democrat has suggested that he thinks the plane entered a black hole or alien abduction. We must agree with the Democrat because objection breeds racist accusations.
Guess what? Using your approach results in an area of about 39 million square miles, about 10 times the size of the United States. Do you have time to search that? Think again dingus.
I would if you helped. And if a friend of yours and one of mine helped, And if their friends helped. How can I help you? Get some new superior logic?
Where do you vacation; you don't seem to fly much. have read a couple of your other posts-most just as dumb as this one.
That's awfully optimistic. However, some of us have bills to pay and lives to live. Later d0uch3 nozzle.
Bryan, we can only dream of being as intelligent as you are....I've read your posts too and being as smart as you are, can you cite where you got your education? I would love to emulate you. And, Logic....look no further than your filled jaw for the nozzle device you speak of, as it empties down your Liberal throat. Have a nice day, kids...
Just like the searchers need some luck to find the plane; maybe this flight was unlucky in that it crashed in the southern end of the Indian Ocean; as Bin Ladens body was buried in the Northern end of the Indian Ocean, and one senario is that this was revenge by terrorists for not revealing where Bin Ladens body is. Not a good idea to dump Bin Ladens body in the ocean and maybe terrorists have changed their tactics, and they see the Indian Ocean as a shrine to Bin Laden.
Everything done flying 370 was done on purpose. If followed from day one nothing else makes sense. Vietnamese controllers asked nearby plane to contact 370, they did, in response they got few seconds of a buzz and then line went dead. Nobody had to even radio anything in-just push a couple buttons-distress call would have went out.
I do that with my CB radio....seems like they should have, right Brian?
I miss the days when journalists reported the facts and left their personal musings out of it. While I appreciate knowing that the story here may not be as sinister as once believed, I don't appreciate personal feelings thinly disguised as facts.
How about the facts Mr. & Mrs. Media. We don't want your opinions JUST THE FACTS .We can come to our own conclusions
Well, the demise of Malay Flight 370 is beginning to look more and more like what it most probably was -- a tragic accident that the flight crew did everything they could to try to avert, including avoiding risk to people and property on the ground.
Correct.. I agree. Something went downhill really quick.
there are only two truths to the media. shock value and ratings. news anchors are less worried about depicting the truth and more worried about there careers, being the first ones to break a story with down right mistruths and having a following to advance there careers. the days of peter jennings. tom brokaw walter Cronkite and other old school reporters are a thing of the past. im tired of always being lied to with mistruths and propaganda
Robert , This is kinda like our government.
I agree with that. but aren't you tired of making assumptions based on mislead facts its a human desire to want the truth. with our partners friends and the rest of the world outside of our daily lives. this story is a perfect example how media and news reporters report a story. its more of a personal opinion than fact base
I HATE HATE HATE the way they have treated this investigation. I refused to watch any coverage of the investigation after the so called claims at the beginning. I knew it had nothing to do with a devious act. Big shame on them on the way they have treated the pilots family.
that is one of the most convoluted pieces of speculation with little to NO actual fact to back up any of the theories. you can trust the media to do one thing well = NOT have a bit of integrity to report only facts and to definitely fall into the realm of the Inquirer style of stupid writings.
Really tired of all the speculation with no evidence or facts.
I said from day one the plane had a mechanical failure and probably crashed into the ocean. If those pilots were white the media would have never tried to demonize them like that.
A possibility. And I'm glad that their reputations have been restored, not to mention this finding makes the flying public feel safe again.
Nice Monday quarterbacking job by this "reporter". If the plane had issues, why didn't they radio them and if it changed course before the final "Good night". Now the narrative has to be changed to, simple accident and the pilots were heroes. Now back to Obama and his America destroying behavior...
There was a pilot who suggested that the pilots here were trying to deal with a fire on the aircraft, and came up with some very plausible scenarios. I think that is what we will learn to be the truth in all of this, the pilots turned to the nearest workable runway, changed altitude in response to the conditions on board, the systems that were disabled were disabled by either the fire or the pilots attempt to troubleshoot the problem on board... sadly they were not able to get the aircraft down safely, and it continued on it's last heading until it ran out of fuel.
dkless Then WHY Would they Turn Off the Transponders!
My friend who is a short-haul pilot suggested the same thing. He says if a fire occurs from the electrical system, it will happen quickly and most certainly disable most electronic systems, including the transponders.
Either the fire caused the transponders etc to shut off or they inadvertently did it when they pulled the busses which is protocol during an electrical fire. According to that article anyways
America1st Reread his post. He said the systems disabled were disabled either by the fire or in an attempt to troubleshoot the problem.
It was not a fire…if it had been it would not have flown a another 6 or 7 hours till it ran out of fuel. It would not have made it as far as they are saying it did.
I agree with the pilot in that story with one big exception. If you remember, every 777 worldwide was grounded last year for battery issues. Batteries were overheating on flights, and Boeing "claimed" it was all fixed so they could get the 777s back into service. It's a whole lot easier to blame a couple pilots than a design flaw that would cost hundreds of millions of dollars to a US company. Boeing is probably hoping the plane is never found, so their explosive batteries are never found out. But there will be another Dreamliner accident if Boeing doesn't replace those batteries with lead acid batteries soon.
Rachel, I think all vehicles even planes have electrical fuel pumps now a day. I know my SUV does and when the fuel pump goes it won't get any fuel.
That pilot in his article stated that the crew would start basically shutting circuit breakers to try and isolate which system was on fire. That would have turned the transponder off when they pulled the fuse.
If the plane crashed west of Perth (as they now believe), there is a flaw in the theory. The initial turn took it on a westerly heading, back over Malaysia and to the west. To end up west of Perth, a southbound course change would have been needed, mostly likely at least an hour after the first turn or else it would appear on radar. If the pilots were incapacitated from smoke inhalation, they would not have been able to enter the southbound course into the auto-pilot.
A blatant, cynical attempt to avoid liability issues. Pure and simple.
This is widely circled in Chinese Web: the Malaysia government knew all the way, when and where the plane was until the plane was running out of fuel --it started the anouncement that the plane was missing. The truth is: As soon as the the pilot hijacked the plane, he demanded Malaysia Government that the opposition leader Anwar be released. The plane turned back and circled around Malaysia while the pilot tried to negotiate for hours-- Malaysia government just refused. The pilots ill planned-- thought with so many lives on the plane -- it should have been enough pressure for the Malaysia government -- alas, they did not care a bit. Hopelessly, Pilots thought by flying out they might find some remote isolated island to land on, -- to conserve fuel, they got rid of some wooden pallet -- and other "luxury" stuff on the plane. Maybe they finally land on somewhere safe, maybe not! but Malaysia government should take the blame for the lost of 238 lives. Who ever dared to go to such a country? Why prosecute opposition leader?!i
Maybe it's so embarrassing or it was a supernatural experience for them that they had to hide the truth on why the plane crashed.
Anyone remember October 1999. Payne Stewarts plane was headed from Florida to Texas and crashed in South Dakota. All because of a failure and catastrophic loss of cabin pressure. Everyone on board died hours before the plane came down. Seems quite possible that something like that could have happened here as well.
But this plane didn't crash for 6+ hours, and the only way it could have kept aloft and flying without crashing is if it have been on autopilot, OR if someone was manually flying it. If something catastrophic happened, it almost certainly would have crashed immediately like the AirFrance flight did.
yes , it seems that this may have happened to the missing jet too. It makes the most sense. Just don't understand the lack of communications , you would think the pilots would use the radios but maybe their was too many other major problems with the jet .
Why not stop all the ridiculous speculation on this missing plane. NO one as of today knows exactly what happened and sad thing is we may never know even if we find plane. Pray for the people involved in rescue and for family of passengers
@David ,,,,,Ohhhhh you'll know what happened to it if it appears some evening over YOUR 'Friendly Sky' and lights up like a mini SUN ,IRRADIATING YOU WITH THE MIGHT OF SOME TERRORIST FUNDAMNTALIST GOD ,,,, YOU BETCHA'!
Pilots love to fly and motorcycle riders like to ride. Pilots would not deliberately crash a plane just like motorcycle riders wouldn't crash the bike. Get it straight!!!
A plane does not turn around by itself and travel another 7 hours unless it is taken over by Alien.
am I the only person wondering for what reason would a pilot turn the transponder OFF. additionally, given that turning off the transponder makes the plane more difficult to track, why are controls for this device in the cockpit? didn't 911 teach anything?
I will repeat My 3rd world incompetents 3rd world reporting and 3rd world Liars, making up some story when No one was there - Security Reason's - Why ? everyone's perished 236 Souls Malaysian's have Screwed the Pooch - Big Time - Time to STOP selling Modern Equipment to 3rd world countries - this just reinforce's this
Has anybody thought to look at the large number of old WW2 runways dotted throughout the area to see if they landed anywhere?
Whenever tragedy happens there seems to be more effort expended on the blame game than actually finding facts. Stop the speculation and wait for the facts.
A week ago they were suggesting the pilot/co-pilot turned off the tracking equipment. Was that all BS? CNN has been a disgrace with all their crazy conspiracy stories.
It was way off course it went into the other direction, saving the plane? I don't know. This whole thing is so confusing
For me until now, every speculation is right in the wrong way.
The question still comes to mind. What could have happened that was legitimate and prevented either officer from sending out a MAYDAY and also caused them to turn off the transponder. How long does it take to fall 7 miles anyway?
I notice that the LYING, LIBERAL, ELITIST, SEWAGE of the MEDIA are NOT, repeat, NOT, apologizing for THEIR fabrication and innuendo regarding the mental stability of the pilots, or the claims made by the MEDIA SEWAGE that it was crashed intentionally, or that the pilot murdered the co-pilot, or vice-versa, and committed suicide, or that the pilots were part of a terrorist plot, or whatever speculation the SEWAGE invented, in order to sensationalize the 'story'. How nice it must be to work in a 'profession' such as 'journalism', where ethics is NOT required.
The only people who actually know what happened are the two pilots who are, undoubtedly, dead. No one knows if they tried to save the plane. While this article decries those who make up absurd scenarios, the writer does exactly the same thing. No one knows. Period.
Until they or if they ever find the black box everything they are telling us is pure speculation. They are making things up as they go they have no clear idea of what happened to that plane!!!
Seems like something catastrophic happened on board. The auto pilot that had been programmed previously in case of an emergency kicked in and turned the plane around. Everybody on board was unconscious or dead due to sudden loss of pressure. The plane just kept on heading in that southerly direction until it ran out of fuel and crashed. Nothing sinister. Find the black boxes and you'll find the answer.
We'll never know who deliberately took that plane off course unless they find the black boxes.
AND you will never know for sure then either.
The media sure is milking this for all the ad time they can get.
I repeat what I said more than a week ago: these people are either incompetents or liars. Or both. And I said that probably the people on the ground just went to sleep. All of it is paving the way either to avoid responsibility (financial and moral) who knows in exchange of what. The ones who lost their loved ones are right when they say that the truth have not been said by Malaysian governmental guys. There must have been some kind of negligence. Res ipsa loquitur.
Tried to save it for 7 hours? No radio call?
now wait just one freaking minute. wasn't it just yesterday that the plane had been flown to some un-named Muslim country so that it could be modified to carry a freaking atomic bomb and crash into some un-named christian target? you nutcases are just sick moe foes.
People, stop all this speculation and conjecture about wild conspiracy theories -- it's useless. Just believe what the media puts out as the official government-approved fairytale. And squash any real investigation before anything is found out. Where have we heard this before? The only thing missing is an initiation of armed conflict.
The media, social and otherwise are the only parties who have made a fiasco of this whole thing. Crazy conspiracy theories and time-killing what-ifs, none of which were based in fact, but rather in the absence of fact, have caused these families undo grief.
Have to check the passengers connections, and try to track if somebooy on the plane had some other ways of communication. They seems to me were negotiating with somebody, and it didn't go well. Otherwise not sure why they would need to keep it in the air for so long before crashing.
Pure speculation. One thing that should be done, is ban the transport of lithium batteries in the cargo holds. A UPS jet went down a couple years ago, with a cargo of lithium batteries, that caught fire.
No kidding, defending their own. My money is on the pilots at fault.
Are you saying he wasn't upset and possibly flipping out? Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah was a fervent supporter of his country’s opposition leader who was jailed for homosexuality – illegal in Malaysia – only hours before flight MH370 vanished
This Irving guy has such an "I told you so" attitude. He thinks it is so obvious that the pilots were heroes. Well BS. Until they recover enough wreckage to really find out what happened, his opinion is just that.
All bullshit and speculation by morons that don't have a clue. If this plane was going down due to some malfunction, it wouldn't have flown for so long. Someone caused all these happenings, and now they just want to pretend it was the plane's fault. The 777s are safe and it wasn't the planes fault...but let the lawsuits begin by the unscrupulous ambulance chasers!
Did they take the aircraft up to 45K feet to try and starve a fire in the cargo bay of oxygen.
It is obvious to me that there was some toxic Malaysian governmental concoction of the story. In due time some American experts will find out the truth and reveal it to the world, most ordinary Americans are truth seeking people and they cannot stand liars like the Malaysian government.
what do you know about the Malaysian government? You don't even live there. So stop accusing the government as liars. There are 25 countries involved in the search and rescue mission, including the USA, so you don't want to call them liars too?
el, I trust that only the US will find out the truth.
Who loses 239 people, 300 million plane, then doesn't do anything about it until plane doesn't show up in Beijing? Somebody with something to hide, perhaps just lousy management or maintenance, still somebody with something to hide.
Fear is a part of life...weather you are afraid of the dark....afraid of snakes...afraid of flying...or afraid of terrorist attacks. The mistake is trying to determine what happened to the flight before the facts are in. With all that has happened it is easy to scream terrorist. And of course that could be a possibility...however until the black box is found...all we can do is guess.
Dear Yahoo headline writers: Do you SERIOUSLY think the pilot MAY have tried to save the plane? What pilots in their right minds would want to save a plane full of passengers? Goodness me, what a lack of insight into human nature.
Already the spin begins! Such nonsense!
Why this plane is more important that the mudslide. People in mudslide have families too. Why they are not important and the families of the people on the plane are important?
The news people here did not report news they made up their own news( Conjecture). Here in the USA the news people continue to interview each other to make so called news.
I have decided to no longer follow this story , once again the media can not get info right. The families of these inconsistent reports should rise up and be heard.
I long for the days when the term "news" meant something meaningful and perhaps informative. Now, it means the TV is on and someone has to fill those hours. Reminds me of the old saying "It's far better to have someone wonder why you're NOT talking rather than wonder why you are".
I do not watch the general News on TV because "they" only tell Lies and I have only, read a few Articles on the missing Plane but, it seems the Investigations should be completed by now! I read an Article and saw pictures by Yahoo that described 2 Islamic young men boardered the lost Plane, with Fake Passports. Could "they" have been part of a Failed "jihad" Conspiracy, along with one or two of the Captain's Crew?
Sorry, but even when they find the wreckage it usually takes months to discover what really happened. Regards that Air France flight, that took a couple of years to discover!! However, these things can be subject to cover up - one flight from Hawaii to New Zealand was - but the parents of someone who got sucked out of the aircraft found a box of documents at the hearing, helped themselves to some not believing the official story and discovered the truth was being covered up. The official story blamed a member of ground crew - the father happened to be an engineer and discovered the cargo door lock had a design fault and could be shut in such a way that it seemed to be locked but actually wasn't and pressure could unlock it.
I got it, Kev! and Thanks for your explaination!
we really have no idea what happened so we will keep throwing out stories based in fiction instead of waiting for the black box to give us even a shread of facts. these people should give up news and go to work for the movie industry, i would rather hear that you don't know than have you make up stories about what might have happened
Seems like this article war written by a #$%$ person. Not Malaysian authorities, stupid generalists like YOU were the ones who came up with all the theories (including a proposal that plane could have been gobbled up by a black hole) and now another idiot generalist pops up (Read - YOU) to criticize Malaysian authorities and hold them responsible to get their one moment of fame. While idiots like you are gossiping, atleast some body in Malaysia tried to do what they could to find those poor souls. Just go and hide in the idiot-house you popped up from.
@Manas, break time is over, get back to making those 6 dollar sneakers!!
Manas, hush....everyone deals with this in different ways. Talking it out helps a lot for some. Sure some remarks seem dumb to you but it helps to talk. Remember the Bermuda Triangle years ago... now that had a lot of people freaked out . When some thing like this plane disappearing happens I always tend to remember the planes and ships that were lost there. And we ask why anyone would bring up the black hole. It's a scary world we live in Manas. We all need to be kinder to each other and let everyone have their say.
Whites cry and get upset, but Asians are so dramatic.
You can not believe any thing till the flight recorder is found until then all is speculation by the media and the government the reality is the media and government official are full of chit.
Like i said from day one, the only cover ups, misdirections, and attempts to hide information ive seen have come directly from the Malaysian authorities themselves. Once we find the plane and finish searching the Indian Ocean, we need to switch our focus to searching the Prime Ministers office in Kuala Lumpur for some real answers.
This is making no sense at all. If the plane were in distress: No May Day Calls? No request to land? How come not one passenger on that flight called or sent a text to a loved one? I believe the passengers were murdered when the plane when to 45,000 feet altitude.
What if there were no cell towers near for them to do that Vonnie?
First of all, when it is on the air, it could be NO signal, that answered your question of not able to send text. Second. No May day calls because the transponder were somehow turned off or destroyed. (it could be hijacking, terrorist act or just internal struggle) Last of all, when the plan went up and down from 45000 to 25000, that pressure will make passenger passed out or brain dead
Read the article - the plane couldn't have reached 45,000 feet (and nobody has said where that figure came from anyway - it's just one of the unsubstantiated rumours that seem to appear out of nowhere.) There is no way that anyone can know what happened until they find the black box (assuming they ever do) - everything else is simply the media desperate for a story.
And yet another article, in a continuing series of articles, and again offering nothing more than speculation based on this writer's perspective. I wish they would give it a rest already, and only publish articles that actually contribute some valid information about what happened to the plane.
Actually, it flew thru a black whole, and is on an island with Elvis, John Kennedy and Amelia. Sarcasm behind, they screwed the coverage up from the get go, and the media followed along like sheep to the slaughter. All the media outlets have lost their credibility.
THE U.S. KNOWS A U.F.O. WAS INVOLVED AND HELP PUT A CAP ON THIS SITUATION.WHY DO YOU THINK IT IS ALL OVER WITH NOW. ALL COMMUNICATION WITH CELL PHONES LOST,GPS, EVERYONE UNABLE TO SAY A WORD ---DO NOT BELIEVE IN THE GOVERNMENTS WORD
What happened to all the information about this flight before they found wreckage? Was all that information wrong? If so, how could everything they said up to this point be wrong, and if it was, how can we accept that this information, this time, is right? Not to be sensationalistic, but it seems to me that they are rewriting the story to fit a predetermined narrative.
The Pilots Tried to Save MH370 As evidenced by their efforts in first switching off the transponder, and then opening the hatch on the cockpit floor, climbing down one flight of stairs to unhook the ACAR system, and then ... [sarc]
It's all part of the vast right wing conspiracy.
Personally I don't think the Malaysian authorities know what happened. They go from on scenario to another which shows their incompetence of investigating this tragedy. It is time for them to keep quiet until they have facts, all they are doing is keeping the families of those on the flight in turmoil.
I will not pay attention to anything that is REPORTED BY CNN. I can give believe anything they report.
Computer malfunction. Just like what happened to the Toyota cars in which the company blamed the drivers and the carpet. As long as they don't blame the product, it was okay with the company. The blame game, when will it end?
This whole article is just another assumption. I'm still wondering why, if the pilots were trying to get to the nearest runway, they ended up so far from a runway?
Only one fact is known for sure, the plane is missing nothing else is a certainty.
We haven't heard the last of this plane. Until they find a piece of it, they can't really say that it cashed.
Wasn't just the Malaysians slamming the pilots! Idiots are always ready to blame without proof because they don't have sense enough to know better.
So many questions that could be asked...Why did the Thai's loose radar coverage just when they saw the plane heading towards them? Do they suspect they may have been targets? Could a stowaway have hidden in that below deck electric cabinate and them have emerged onto the flight deck? And, what is the ultimate default heading of the autonavigation that plane had on board?
I think Occam's razor applies to this one. Gravity sucks.
lmfao .. another one bites the dust !!
This is the 2nd article claiming that the pilots tried to save flight 370. This is in preparation to deflect that it was an intentional event by a crazy muslim. Not buying it. For what earthly reason would you go up to 45,000 feet in an attempt to "save" an airplane?
The bottom line is that no one has a clue what happened on that airplane despite the speculation, and won't until if/when the wreckage is analyzed, (I've not even seen any proof whatever the plane went down in the ocean). It could have been a mechanical failure, it could have been a criminal act, it could have been a lot of things. Endless speculation without any proof is a waste of time.
All of this discussion, press release, news release, speculations, etc....are the results of unvalidated and unconfirmed data. Everybody is jumping into the band wagon...some are doomsayers and some are soothsayers! Soon, before the plane could be found,...there will be a Hollywood blockbuster release of the same version. This is the reason why the Malaysian government is very cautious in giving information. But many are already putting words into their mouth! They have been accused of with-holding data and accused of conspiracy. Everyone is capitalizing on it to earn their living! Accusations has been thrown to the pilots, to the authorities and even to the passengers...and none have been validated. News ratings are soaring and the media is having a frenzy. We have to understand that this is unprecedented and no one really knows what really happen....not until the plane has been found! Data has to be validated, re-validated again and again. 2 weeks is long enough...and the chance of finding a survivor is getting slimmer. Right now the main focus is to find the black box and find out what really happens...surely this will be another "lesson learned" from history.
After they find the black box, we, all know what happened that day! Boing is not operate buy a private Co. They are going to be present the day they open the black box.
The Malaysian government has been anything BUT cautious when releasing information. They have contradicted themselves numerous times--from one day to the next. They are awful.
Diego, hummm soothsayers, doomsayers... WTH you want nosayers ? Do you know what CYA is ? Bet you do and that's what all involved have been doing. So lighten up it might take some time but it will all come together eventually. Your right the black box is the answer.
its ridiculous,"what if there was a fire, a take over, computer malfunction, turning back to nearest airport." the bottom line is that you have experience pilot and first officer and NO ONE DECLARED AN EMERGENCY over the radio. Even if you see, smell or hear smoke, a pilot will immediately declare an emergency. No radio transmission is key to this investigation to fault the pilots for deliberate action or failure to take appropriate actions
Curious that the Chinese demanded the Inmarsat data...is't it? What, the Chinese do not trust Obama and his merry Fed-fools? Almost like the Chinese suspect that those pesky details: like no verifiable debris...no ELS... no real reason to select the South Indian Ocean as the final answer...except the word of Inmarsat.
I'm thinking the cover-ups have already started. If this wasn't suicide or terrorism. What was it?
Media trying so hard to hear themselves, no real facts take place, it is STILL a guessing game. With all this technology, there was definitely something more going on than a fire in the plane. No Communication, headed Out to sea… again, No communication? things switched off? and WHY would they be allowed to switch anything off???
So now the media is going to spin these pilots into a tale of heroism?
Yep! ... the apologetics (defending) of Islam begins ... after all we can''t have Islam or Muslims look bad, that just wouldn't do; so all the "facts"... all the reports made before will now "just" go .. a ... way ..........
Some military folks in Vietnam or Malaysia know more than they are letting on to.
China did not want that plane to land in Bejing. Somebody or something on board may have possed a threat to that city. Malaysian government silent. I bet most of the Chinese on board were Muslims. Something in the baggage compartment may have been a weapon of mass destruction (chemical, biological or nuclear). That plane as manually over ridden and taken high enough to disable every body on board. Remotely the plane was taken to a low altittude, reversed its direction and dumped someplace where nobody wanted to find it. Leave it alone. Nobody needs that black box. China did not want that flight to land in its capital city. Probably had a very good reason. China may want the black box to destroy it. US has no interest in this matter.
So if China had that kind of ability( unlikely) to take over aircraft, and crash them it would not affect the USA or other countries?
There's not a shred of evidence to support wild conspiracy theories. What evidence there is so far points to an electrical/mechanical failure which the crew tried to respond to. Fire was most likely the cause of it.
What is the story about the passengers who checked their baggage and then did not take the flight? Supposedly then their baggage was removed, but was it?
"Move along, folks, nothing to see here!" What evidence is there that any of the situations depicted in this commentary actually happened? NONE! Why is The Daily Beast trying to make it seem like there is evidence; that this was a tragic accident; that the plane crashed somewhere in the Indian Ocean? BECAUSE THE DAILY BEAST IS A LIBERAL GOVERNMENT MOUTHPIECE THAT DOES WHAT IT'S TOLD TO DO INSTEAD OF REPORT THE TRUTH!!
Thank you Mr. Ovius! DUH you don't think you would try to save your butt?
They have no idea what happened, or where the plane really is. Sorry.
There is nothing sinister. Malaysians are good Muslims, so for any of the pilots to do any harm , whatever their views or leaning, is inconceivable. It appears, the plane lost all electronic control by a shut out, hence no radio message? The pilots used intuition and experience to bring it back but like a swimmer in the ocean at times thinks he is swimming towards land but could be going the other way. That is why they turned back, pitch dark, so went low to spot land, lights, cities. They thought they were heading to land but were on a straight course in the ocean till fuel ran out. Whatever happened, it was fast and furious. Because of the experience and passion for flying, was the plane able to fly for so long. Would be sad to know, what last words he must have told the passengers minutes before it descended into the depths of a dark, deep ocean. May the Almighty forgive them all and fly them to heaven.
whatever helps you sleep at night. If the pilot was as experienced as you say, he would have found land.
Sorry but I think it's stretching it too far to say that because the Malaysians are good muslims it would be inconceivable for them to do any harm....maybe the Malaysians are better muslims than the other ones who have been bombing the rest of the world lately but it's NOT inconceivable to think a muslim is capable of harm....far from it Pollyanna.
FED UP! The coverage of this tragedy has gone way past the news event! It has become sensationalism and the goal of who will gain ratings! DISGUSTING! Every morning I turn the news on to see if there is any REAL news. NO, just the continuing, never ending "experts" explaining their opinions, therories, etc.. STOP reporting until there is something that is actually found & new to report!
They still have no idea, and are guessing.
Again, there goes our idiotic media not reporting the facts of a story, but instead just writing to get reactions out of its readers. You idiots in the media have written so many theories and personal view points that you distort the truth. Just shut up, stop the stories and wait till the facts come out.
Before they were the evil suspects, now they are the heroes, the press is making a complete circus of this tragedy.
Lets go back to the original theory....The plane was captured by a UFO taken up to 45000 feet, dropped to 12000 feet.
You just hit the Nail on the Head…… We Have A Winner !!!!!
It seems like all passengers on the plane were already dead before the plane crashed. Otherwise there weresome phone call in and out of the plane that we should know of.
Wasn't done for religious reasons, wasn't done as act against democracy(man was firm believer in democracy and an atheist.) Just another kook who happened to be flying a plane.
Are you trying to now tell us that they had no way to communicate? Pure B.S. They would have called out a Mayday stress at the very least. You might try calling one of their terrorist buddies to find out where they really are.
Just trying to avoid even worse law suits and damaging reputation for the airline.
typical human nature and the media specifically... when something bad happened, who needs to be the scapegoat... rather than waiting for facts, keep telling the story until everybody believes...
Really, the pilots tried to save the plane? Thousands of miles off course, no communications or SOS, crashed into the ocean. Doesn't sound like trying tosav pne to me.
@david. you have no idea what happened on that plane. Could have overcome by a fire in #$%$-pit. Anything like that. They did explain in the article why the plane did what it did. Planes crash. #$%$ happens unfortunately. If I had a family member on that plane I would like to believe those pilots did all they could.
What gets me if the pilots try to save the plane then why on earth did they not try to duck tail land it once they passed back over malaysia?
If their communication systems were out, they couldn't coordinate a landing. To try and land a 777 without clearance would be suicide.
@La Roi... I wasn't suggesting they thought they didn't have to land and just sat there doing nothing till they ran out of fuel. LOL, that's cute though... what I should have spelled out is that could explain why they flew over land and out to sea initially. Pilots do this all the time when having trouble. it gives them time and space to talk with air control and troubleshoot. But something went wrong and they never made contact.
Why did the pilot’s wife and three children moved out of the family’s home the day before the plane’s disappearance?
Bingo ! Waaaaaay more to this "story". Everything now is the cover stories and propaganda, while the real deal between super powers is being "worked out". Watch and learn.
Could he have been homosexual, and this was his last angst ridden suarez into the night?
In a separate development, The Mail on Sunday has learned that investigators are now poised to question Captain Shah’s estranged wife in detail. They have waited two weeks out of respect, but will now begin formally interviewing Faizah Khan following pressure from FBI agents assisting the inquiry. Although the couple — who have three children — were separated, they had been living under the same roof. A source said: ‘Faizah has been spoken to gently by officers but she has not been questioned in detail to establish her husband’s behaviour and state of mind in the days leading to the incident. “This is partly for cultural reasons. It is not considered appropriate in Malaysia to subject people in situations of terrible bereavement to the stress of intensive questioning.” The softly-softly approach has been challenged by the team of FBI agents working with Malaysian police. They have pointed out that she may hold ‘vital clues and information’ to Zaharie’s mental state. “The whole world is looking for this missing plane and the person who arguably knows most about the state of mind of the man who captained the plane is being left alone,” said a source close to the FBI team. The source added: “If we want to eliminate the chief pilot from the inquiry, we must interview her in detail to find out what his state of mind was.”
Susan maybe... I think she left because he warned her if the trial did not go well the next day he was plotting revenge and she would be better off leaving so she did not get dragged into it.
#$%$!!! Now these so called officials have to give it an ending of bravery because they have carelessly and prematurely thrown out so many foolish false scenarios to these families. Now they have to clean this #$%$ up somehow. What a bunch of tools. Those people have been yanked around more than they should have. Enough already.
Here is a FACT... Australian Minister of Defense last night said that NONE of the debris Identified by satellite from any of the countries, any of the ones found by search aircraft and any picked up by ships...that were found were from a plane ...ANY plane much less Flight MH370. Beginning to look like a wild goose chase...or a diversion.
What A((S/(S))HOLE would thumbs down on a fact?
Was this article produced and directed by the White House, sounds like a lot of spin.
WOW! A decent article on Yahoo News! One hardly expects impartiality and intellectuality here.
How about we find the plane or at least the data recorder, analyze it, and then come up with a concrete report as to what happened instead of continuing to speculate. Nah, that makes too much sense.
. The real truth is, that plane entered a dimensional space portal and vanished. Is it really that hard to believe?
But FOX News keeps pointing the finger, making implications and snide remarks about the people of the Mideast. The ability of the Zionist Jews to use the press as an unopposed instrument of Jewish policy could hardly be better illustrated, “NOT A SINGLE NEWS ITEM will reach the public without our control,” states Rupert Murdoch, a Zionist Jew, and owner of FOX Media.
Could have been either mechanical or electrical failure, but also could have been a bomb or on board explosion not enough to blow up the plane but one that caused fire or heavy smoke and cabin pressure loss. May never know for sure but from all indications I think these pilots did not sabotage this flight.
Nonsense. If they were in trouble they would not shut down the comm, radar transponder and then flown for another three hours in the opposite direction to a remote part to the world. None of the facts, if these are the facts, point to an obvious, rational act. We will have to wait until they find the flight recorders.
The plane landed on dry land, the engines uplink and sent it's maintenance information to Boeing and the only way it could do that is to have landed on solid ground.
Are people really so stupid that they will buy into these stories? when a plane goes down..it gets found. There's equipment on, beacons, STUFF. Nothing disappears unless its on purpose or blown up by some country and wants to avoid an international incident so they are keeping it quiet.
It took many days to find wreckage of the Air France flight and they were looking in the right place. It took another two years to find the blackbox. Because all the searching has had to be speculative in this case the fact that something hasn't been found isn't surprising in the least. Oceans are bigger than most people realize.
It seems we have become a society where for some reason it has become important to be the FIRST. The first to condemn, the first to use our (usually) uneducated powers of deduction, the first to jump up and say for all to hear "Im the One---I figured out the problems of the world---all by myself!" Truth is, there's probably not 2 in 10 that can balance their checkbook----let alone solve the issues of the world. God help us all!
People like to speculate... Get over it.
Blaming the president for everything is easy. That's why people do it now, people did it while Bush was in office, Clinton, etc. It just seems like it's getting unbearable because everyone can post their opinions on the internet. I guarantee you if a republican holds office in 2016 there will be just as much blame pinned on him as Obama.
At least news isn't still baffled about lack of phone calls. True plane crossed back over malaysia-but in most remote part of country near Thai border. How many Cell towers think are in area? Sat Phones-bet money there's a switch to turn off-in case of fire. Switch to shut off black box yet not one to shut off other less valuable electronics? Sure.
There would have been communication with someone IF it was mechanical...instead it was the opposite.
i guess it is shocking to Yahoo contributors, like the daily Beast, that people actually try to Do Their Jobs!
Well I guess the Media owes an apology to the families for these Suicidal Pilots Theories... And look into the concept the plane lost control because of some kind of terrorist explosion from the two who used stolen passports to get on the flight...
So now they are telling the truth regarding suicide pilots? It would have nothing to do with liability reasons. The two stolen passports was a valid theory and the media reported the facts.
Until they produce a plane or bodies, their conclusions and theories are meaningless. Just like they were 23 days ago when they also couldn't produce any plane or bodies.
Sounds like they turned around after their issue, and kept flying in autopilot until they crashed. Since we are all speculating I will speculate a fire or decompression made them turn around, and the plane lasted longer than the occupants/pilots.
Why would they put the auto pilot back on?
Another horribly misleading headline from the garbage crowd at Yahoo. "Analysis, Pilots Tried to Save Airplane!" What analysis? Nothing. The article is one of the worst gibberish stupid attempt to gain publicity. The deads in the airplane deserves more respect than what these publicity hounds are dishing out.
Just the fact that there were two guys who used stolen Pass ports to get on this flight negates any story about something just happening to go wrong with the jets flight systems, something going wrong without the help of humans. it just doesn't seem right.
They cannot know what the pilots did exactly because they have not located the cockpit voice recorder, nor the black box. These people are just spewing #$%$ from their mouths in order to cover their own #$%$. THIS article about how the pilot tried to save the flight is speculation as well!
2 black boxes: FDR and CVR. they may never be found.
This article did not destroy any argument. All the cards are still on the table.
Maybe we can get Clive Irving's opinion on this.
I still say that plane landed somewhere and is hidden by terrorists. If it were to go into the ocean, it certainly didn't need to fly there nor fly so far nor so long. It doesn't add up and unless they show physical evidence, I don't buy it.
Well, Occam's Razor is still a good deductive tool. It's entirely possible that there was an electronic malfunction/short - knocking out some electronics, like the radio etc... and starting a fire. They attempt to turn to the nearest airport (as described in this article) but the fumes quickly overcome everyone. The plane (set on autopilot once the initial changes in direction were made) continues on its own way, with a load of dead or unconscious passengers and crew, and then eventually runs out of gas and crashes. Yes, tons of holes in the argument - but no worse then any others. Additionally, if it were the work of terrorists (a possibility I freely admit - especially as Malaysia is predominantly muslim...) someone would have come forward by now screeching how they did it for "allah", and demanding ransom or something. I agree that we need some physical evidence....
All except they left out "little" tid-bits like the chief pilot was a political nut job, that the family was moved out of the home and disappeared essentially right before it happened, that there is radar covering that area of the world 24/7 by the most sophisticated navies on earth, and about 100 other pertinent factors. This stinks to high heaven so far- it's a cover up job. Someone, a govt. more than likely shot that plane down after one or both pilots went rogue and now there is a political fire storm running in the background between super powers and their puppet nations over how to "explain it" in the most palatable way to the world. You don't operate in that region of the world, over those countries and waters w/o at least 3 major super powers knowing if a fly took a dump in mid flight. We, and several other major players have naval craft operating there 24/7, 365- they don't just "lose" potential threats off their radars- never gonna happen in this modern world. Once we, and the Brits and probably Chinese got in on the investigation- suddenly everything about where that jet was, had been and where it went started to change in the storyline. I believe we knew from day one where it went - it's just a political matter on how to "tell the story". You got China in the mix (Mooocheeelllleee on a junket there right after), you got Putin on a role, about to rebuild his old Soviet and you got the USA - all of us, all over that region like stink on a #$%$. No way it just "vanished". Australia is no sluff nation either when it comes to airspace and radar, etc and if that jet was drifting into their backyard, they'd also know if it so much as dumped the toilet water over the ocean. There's way more to this "story"- and so far nothing tangible, provable has been shown to a free press anywhere. Like Dumbama dumping a sack of potatoes, wrapped in a shroud over the side of a Naval ship with no free-press witnesses- it NEVER HAPPENED other than the potatoes becoming fish food.
None of your "facts" are actual facts, Kirk. Go back to boffing green women and leave the reconstruction of events to those who use actual data, not internet conspiracy theories.
They're ALL FACTS, Wuffie the Colorado CHRONIC smoker. Dispute any one of them as not a "fact" you dumbed down 2X4? Pack another bowl, dork boy. I flew that part of the world for several yrs for ole Uncle Sam- I know more in my large, left nut about the politics and airspace of operating over there, than you'll ever pack in that dope addled, very tiny brain mounted on those slump shoulders of yours. Call it a day basement boy- mommy has a cheese sandwich ready.
How does one of these countries, NOT pick it up on radar, is a good point. Except Taiwan said they had a small "blip", but didn't think to report it.
This is a coverup, pure and simple. Since the author of this piece, Clive Irvin, is the most visible spokesman for this "new narrative," why don't we do a background check and financial records check on him to see how much he is being paid to spin this? Sadly, we may never know what happened to this aircraft until it may be too late....
THE captain of missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 received a two-minute call shortly before takeoff from a mystery woman using a mobile phone number obtained under a false identity.
It was one of the last calls made to or from the mobile of Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah in the hours before his Boeing 777 left Kuala Lumpur 16 days ago. Investigators are treating it as potentially significant because anyone buying a pay-as-you-go SIM card in Malaysia has to fill out a form giving their identity card or passport number. Introduced as an anti-terrorism measure following 9/11, this ensures that every number is registered to a traceable person. But in this case police traced the number to a shop selling SIM cards in Kuala Lumpur. They found that it had been bought ‘very recently’ by someone who gave a woman’s name — but was using a false identity. The discovery raises fears of a possible link between Captain Zaharie, 53, and terror groups whose members routinely use untraceable SIM cards. Everyone else who spoke to the pilot on his phone in the hours before the flight took off has already been interviewed.
Political activists in Malaysia sometimes use SIM cards bought with bogus identity cards if they fear that their phones may be bugged by the country’s authoritarian ruling party.
So the flight was from KL to Beijing which lies directly north, however the plane "supposedly" ended up south of Perth in the Indian Ocean. Either the pilots don't know their north from the south or the powers that be are douches and don't wish for the masses to know the truth. Either way so far nothing has been proven, no debris no signals, nada. Keep on shining us with their bs.
Lithium ion batteries in the cargo hold, ignited, smoke and fire ensued, the pilots struggled to gain control. Smoke overcame everyone on board. Fire suppression systems put out the fire.,..too late. The aircraft flew on controlled by the automatic pilot...a ghost flight until the fuel was exhausted. A tragedy.
story is bullshi# why would the pilots re route the plane in a different direction for engine trouble and not contact anyone about it and why would they re route it in a direction over the ocean for hrs of travel time. still no1 cares about the 2 Iranian men on the plane with fake passports huh.
How about we stop spending time and resources on something that really doesnt matter at this point. The plane is gone. Whether it crashed into the ocean, was taken by a UFO or combusted into flames in mid air, doesnt really matter. Move on
Not really, they are gone PERIOD
I see the media is still trying to pretend the moslem pilot wasn't part of the problem. This is the same media that preached for 4 years how wonderful obammycare would be.
During this event, CNN viewership is up by an amazing percent. Conservatives know what political party watches CNN; all the smart people!
Could an electrical fire have disabled the radios and taken out the ACARS and transponder? Would that have forced the pilots to descend and search for a runway? Could the plane have continued flying out of control? That's all speculation, but so is some sinister act by the flight crew.
More deflection and misinformation from the Malay Gov't. Almost as bad as the American Gov't
Exactly. If they tried to help why no SOS, why turn off the transponder?
Maybe they didn't turn it off. Maybe in the panic of dealing with whatever happened, the transponders went out, and they couldn't call for help. Probably why they tried to turn around & get to an airport.
I was with this story, engrossed & happy at the idea that maybe some sinister intentions weren't behind the airplane's disappearance...then at the bottom I read this story's from "The Daily Beast"! That site is full of lame articles, and people with agendas- usually leftist and/or sympathetic to terrorists. So I am not putting stock in what some biased guy from The Daily Beast is saying.
Rosa, the typical idiot that blames 'liberal media'. Try looking up an article written a week ago by an experienced Canadian pilot; what was done in the cabin was typical of a fire in the cockpit. You pull fuses to hinder fire, and you ascend to reduce oxygen, and dive because of lack of cabin pressure. Rosa, maybe you ought to start thinking, you know using that lump in your (thick) skull and reading instead of idiotic blanket statements.
Nothing here but more speculation, by the uninformed!
The biggest problem with this whole situation has been the media second guessing everything.
A wise person would be looking for the plane in Somalia. Within the flight range of the plane and with many terrorist ties and many places to land a jet undetected.
the plane crashed where it is because it ran out of fuel...it only had 7 1/2 hours fuel it burned up 1 1/2 hours on the first leg, it burned even more climbing to 45,000 feet and was 6 hrs out in the ocean when it crashed...far from Somalia.. and satellites would show that plane in Somalia!!
FYI - In 1997, a Malaysian Boeing 777-200ER named Super Ranger flew from Boeing Field in Seattle to Kuala Lumpur, a distance of 10,823 miles with a flight time of 21 hrs and 23 minutes. The 'ER" on the planes stands for extended range. Since it is only 3,844 miles to Somalia from Malaysia, the plane could easily take a divergent course and get there. By the way, satellites cannot see thru hangers!
yes tore but the fuel for this plane was only 71/2 hrs worth according to the flight log...
If the flight log is correct. Since the plane is capable of longer flight based on fuel on board, anything is possible. Funny, Pearl Harbor and 9-11 are great examples of wrong assumptions!
It's amazing how many people have an opinion on an article that they were obviously too lazy to read. Or too stupid to understand.
right from the beginning there are TOO MANY THIS & THAT from the Malaisian Government . There is a Gentleman in the Lumberpile My thoughts are not really important BUT I think it SITS SOMEWHERE!!!! The question is are the People alive or dead? Israel is on HIGH ALERT!!!! TIME WILL tell!
I find it unusual that the pilots would not have communicated via radio if there was an emergency aboard. Something is not adding up here.
For an inflight emergency, the order of business is Aviate, Navigate, and Communicate. What in the heck can communicating with ATC do for you when there is a significant inflight emergency? They sure as heck can't help you fix the problem so talking to them is a useless waste of precious time that could be better utilized in an attempt to fix the problem. The flight crew would be focused and consumed on identifying the inflight issue, going through their checklist (yes, there is a manual and checklist they would go through to address the problem) -- all the while both flying the airplane (aviate), and determining the nearest airport should the situation require an emergency landing (navigate). Only after fully understanding, and attempting to resolve the problem would they communicate with ATC.
BTW, I was on a flight that had an inflight urgent issue (the reverse thrust unlocked light was illuminated. Having a thrust reverser deploy mid-flight can ruin your day, according to the pilot). Before he even told the passengers what was going on, he had accomplished the following: gone through the emergency checklist, flew the plane, determined our diversion airport, and finally communicated with ATC. The first hint I had, before he spoke with the passengers, was the plane started a descent -- one that seemed too early in our flight. Even then, I thought is was probably due to predicted turbulence -- until the pilot announced we were diverting.
Weren't they in the air for hours after the supposed drop in altitude? I just think there's more to this story- a lot more.
The huge hole in all the emergency scenario speculation is, no radio communications from either pilot, which is an immediate response to an on board emergency.
They fail to explain why the pilot never radioed a problem. Also, are they trying to suggest the plane flew 1,500 miles in the wrong direction while the crew was making attempts to fix the problem? If there was smoke in the cabin, they would have used oxygen. So the pilots almost certainly were conscious enough to do something. This version of the story doesn't add up. But then, none of their other versions made sense, either.
No evidence points to a crash, yet that is now the conclusion by the Malaysians. Why?
The article presents nothing more than useless speculation. To continue flying after the transponder had been shut down for five hours deliberately toward a desolate part of the ocean--does indeed suggest sinister.
So the media will continue to flog this sad story regardless of the ethics or feelings of those effected.
From day one I thought the scenario looked like an electrical fire. That leads you to turn off things like the transponder and descend. Cockpit fires are scary and they happen quick. I've only had one, and I never want to see another.
Tried to save the plane? If they were trying to save don't you think for maybe even a second that they might have said something on the radio? "Slight problem here!" anything...
If there was an electrical fire, the radios would have been inoperative.
Why the hell don't they carry satellite phones for situation s like this.
Terrorism makes for great news. However a catastrophic failure could cause the plane to climb due to loss of a/c. Smoke would fill and attempt to dive lower would help mitigate the smoke. However loss of navigation due to failure would have plane flying blindly into the night until no fuel and plane then ditched. This is more the likely scenario but everyone loves a good conspiracy.
Well.....Last I saw when a Catastrophic failure occurs....the first thing the pilots do is to turn off the transponder. Then instead of going towards the nearest land mass they turn away from it!!! On top of that...if there is a catastrophic failure, fire or whatever....the plane wouldn't have flown for another 7 hours!!! Oh and al during this time....no one distress call or any type of signal, but they did have time to disable the transponders!!!!
John: not true in either sense. How do I know ? Family member is a chief trainer and transponders can fail. No navigation means no navigation. And failure of instrumentation means the plane can be flown manually.
How quickly we forget a week before all of this Russia hacked one of our drones and landed it. Is it possible the pilots were trying to save the plane and COULDN'T communicate and struggled to re gain control but we're never able to???
I mean if it were true nobody would want to fly
That is reason enough to keep it quiet
Do you think that would ever be in the news??? No never
Grasping at straws - they have zero idea what happened...
I smell something fishy and its not the Indian Ocean. They are all telling us lies.
The media was speculating the pilots, terrorist and hijacking . Now we are learning otherwise the media is trying to remove themselves from all the bad reporting and blame someone else. CNN have the Chinese grieving and the image show people wit their mouth wide open,,,Why? Have some compassion Please report the news and now make the news.
I totally disagree, the pilot is as guilty as Richard Jewell!
I have a question? Has anyone in these families got text messages or cell phone calls from any of these passengers anytime they were on-board.
We don’t know how the magnet gets its “magical” power, but we use them to have a civilized life today.
This might be the worst written story I've ever read. No way a professional wrote this.
I still think the plane was attacked by a "UFO" and either vaporized or captured and taken away to some distant solar system!! And another thing, if the plane did crash in the ocean the people on the plane all became Shark food off the coast of Australia.
With regards to this tragedy I can't understand how anyone could be callous and post "funny" comments. Nothing humorous about it whatsoever. Condolences to all the families who lost loved ones. R.I.P.
Wi Tu Lo Ho Li #$%$ Sum Ting Wong C'mon! This is classic material here.
Until they find actual wreckage how can they even say it went down for sure? Then they say the pilots are hero's, when they do not even have the black box. But all this is reported as substantiated fact. So I ask, are all the other news articles today reported as fact based on unsubstantiated theories?
What a bunch of idiots the right wing radio talk show hosts have been in this country! I even heard one yelling out at his listeners who was actually using common sense ( rare amongst their kind) and suggesting pilots might have tried to save the plane. A pretty sad bunch they must be today, they cant blame this on the muslims !!
I have said from the beginning that the Pilots change the course of the plane to send it out to sea. They did not want this plane to crash in a populated area, saving many lives on the ground. I hope that they are able to find the black box and confirm this.
They flew back towards the north part of Malaysia, then based on the Thai military, flew west at low altitude, then according to this Malaysian government theory, turned southwest for 6 more hours. Or they'd have flown over populated Indonesian cities including 2 that have International airports, which would have picked them up on radar, and DIDN'T! I can speculate they are in a compound near a Pakistani military base and have more facts on my side than this current propaganda, Malay airlines and government trying to cover their .... sses theory.
I have an overwhelming sense of failure in the saving of these people on that plane. With all the techno #$%$ we are surrounded with and this was an utter failure to save them.
So, with thousands of planes flying at any one time, with all scenarios covered, mechanical failure, terrorism, pilot error, pilot acting alone without telling anyone, so no way of telling it was going to happen, would you like to of saved them? If there is no way to mind read people. No way to know there was going to be a technical problem. No way to know someone was going to interfere with one plane out of thousands, which piece of technology would of covered all these possibilities and saved those poor people?
we as humans are less than that anymore, nothing on this planet has any meaning, we are zombies if you will.
That is exactly what a plane would do if the flight crew were disabled. The same thing happened to Paine Stewart's plane in 1990. It flew for hours on its last heading, reaching 48,900 feet before it ran out of fuel.
Hogwash. Another lame attempt by the lame liberal media to cover up another atrocious act by Muslims. Pathetic.
Heaven save us all from the conspiracy nutters.
The Pilots were aliens from Betelgeuse. There is the same amount of solid evidence for that.
Seems to me that CNN was trashing the pilots also. Way to much news, very comfusing. Heard on the news that the plane would not have gone from 12000 feet back to 35000 feet by itself, Don't think ayone will every know. They will not find the plane until after winter in that area, too dangerous for anyone to go looking.Malyaysian did as good as they could and did ask for help, leave them along.
The best theory now is that the navigation systems went out on the plane and the pilots were trying to manually and visually fly the plane, got disoriented, lost direction and headed towards the southern Indian ocean and they probably did not even know where they were when the aircraft went down.
I mean really who cares. No one has any idea where the plane splashed, just a bunch of guessing at best. Fly at your own risk when dealing with third world nations.
At least "the most interesting man in the world" wasn't on that plane because the information we receive about his awesome powers are cool.
ok, so where was the radio communication from the plane to ground control. When there is a problem it is standard operation to contact and advise of any situation. Where was it?
Humans are "First Responders, with our tongues". Let all speculation and assumptions rest until more detailed facts surfaces; starting with myself. My condolences to all in Yeshua's name, amen. Turn to Yeshua for the salvation of our souls and admittance.
Maybe there was a nuclear bomb on the plane and they had to fly to the most remote area possible. It's so weird for the news to interview top experts who say, "I have absolutely no idea." At least they're honest.
Satellite and Radar would have picked up the explosion.
This is exactly what I was saying yesterday the pilots were probably trying to save a plane. There was a very good article on Wire that came to this conclusion about a week ago. Why did it take government bureaucrats and the mainstream media so long to wonder what the pilots would have done in case of an emergency? They have been trash talking about the pilots for more than 2 weeks.
This isn't the mainstream media, this is an article from The Daily Beast; one of the most liberal sources out there.
Sorry Kat.......... I meant to give you a thumbs up!
I believe my theory is right, I never changed my view: The god dammed plane crashed because It lost contact. They tried to retrieve contact so they kept flying ( in hope ) but failed. R.I.P I want to give all the officials an indian burn for creating a furious mess of "theories"
Sounds like this article is about blowing smoke up everyone's #$%$. If the plane flew for an additional 7 hours after they lost contact, how could they have tried to save the aircraft when the flight was less than 20 minutes away from land?
"On the contrary, a picture is emerging of the pilots not only struggling to save the 777 but going through precisely the steps they should in an emergency…." NO! Turning off the Transponder is NEVER an approved step!
I am so thankful I do not live in an Islamic Country!
The story will be that the airline crashed with no survivors, and no wreckage, like the Boeing 757 that struck the pentagon. It apparently vaporized. leaving no tail assembly, no landing trucks, no wiring or insulation, no bodies, of course, no luggage, no ... So why not THIS airliner.
Because no plane crashed in to the pentagon
So everyone that responded to the pentagon site was in on the conspiracy?
If there was some catastrophic event that incapacitated the crew then the plane would have kept flying at 12,000ft but it couldn't have done that because the fuel economy of a 777 is really poor at that altitude it never would have made it to the location of that last ping, the plane had to have gone back to a cruising altitude of at least 30,000ft and it would have required a pilot to do that.
Less Drama and more facts - half the article is review - which is not needed unless you live under a rock...
Stupid article for stupid people. If they tried to save the plane the pilots failed. If they were suicide pilots they succeeded in their mission. End of story!
If they were trying to save the plan why did they crossed all over a continent and didn't try to land the airplane or to contact the authorities explaining what was going on, this is just a big coverup.
My team is looking for the grassy knoll in the Indian Ocean. That should get the ball rolling.
I'm confused. CNN is now saying the plane descended to 12,000 feet? Last week CNN speculated that the plane vanished in a blackhole.
Yep. These investigators don't know what they're talking about. I'm not an expert. But I think they crash into the jungle. That could explain why there's no oil slick, dead bodies, luggage, or debris in the water.
This has taken the heat off Russia on Crimea. The plane is at an airfield in a country friendly to Russia, passenger cellphones are in a sack and passengers are in a secure facility. Just wait and see.
The Malaysian dictatorship needs a crash course in democracy and transparency! Guess which airline I would NEVER even go near ?
Guess who gives two #$%$ of a rat's #$%$ what you think?
I think I'd be more inclined to avoid the 777 currently than the airline.
Is it just me, but when a story is based on 'leaked' information it usually turns out to be wrong information?
Sean Hannity will be so disappointed if the pilot wasn't responsible - he was salivating to blame it on the black dude.
Whoops - no MAYDAY call? That's a big missing link... disregard last comment
I actually wasted my time to read this awful article which is comprised of nothing - just a bunch of hot air. Some miscellaneous guy's personal hunch and opinion. This junk was put on-line as though it was factual news. Not the case; it is just a bunch of speculation and opinion put on-line under the false pretense of news.
You haven't verified that what they are looking for is even the wreckage, wahoo your just blowing smoke up peoples butts right now with this reporting.
Why are they blaming the Malaysians, it's CNN that is reporting their #$%$. CNN's Don Lemon even enhanced it by suggesting there might even be a black hole out there. This may spell the end of CNN.
Does anyone believe what Malaysian officials say anymore? If I ever find myself flying in that part of the world, I will not fly Malaysian Airlines.
the tracking systems were switched off. that means that the pilot(s) did it or were forced to do it. either way, it was an intentional act. the plane was hijacked or the pilot(s) took over the plane and flew it until it ran out of fuel. turning off the tracking systems took knowledge, so my guess is that the younger pilot killed or disabled the older pilot, and committed his own suicide and the murder of the passengers and crew.
Maybe there was an explosive device on the aircraft or the the 02 tanks burst cutting power to the coms, nav and transponders.. they all sit side by side in the lower A&E compartments, and maybe on the same bus box... ? Maybe?
It's standard procedure that all electrical systems are turned off in the event of a fire and only switched back on one by one when they have identified and corrected the problem.
What if there was a fire that disabled the transponders and other communications equipment. And, in an attempt to return to the closest airport, the pilots changed the flight plan. Shortly thereafter, the smoke had incapacitated the crew and perhaps the passengers as well. The flight then ran on autopilot for the next several hours until it ran out of fuel and crashed into the ocean.
john, eric and paul- ok, then why were the systems shut down at different times? the acars system was shut down prior to the pilot talking to the control tower and the transponder was shut down shortly after the pilot spoke to the control tower. if a fire had broken out, or some other catastrophe had occurred, don't you think that, just maybe, the pilot would have mentioned it. this is either a hijacking or a pilot takeover, most likely a pilot takeover. no other scenarios make any sense, under the circumstances that we know to have happened. please don't respond to my comment unless you have the information to make an intelligent conclusion.
Paul...that is exactly what happened. The conspiracy theories are sensationalized by the media to make a quick buck with the huge ratings from their coverage of this story. The other scenarios don't make any sense or have a shred of evidence to back them up except the media hype which the public is so quick to believe. The media is exploiting this entire story for profit, big surprise!
The plane went up, the plane went down, and that's all we'll probably ever know. May the victims RIP, and may everyone else move on.
I wonder which direction this story will have spun when I wake up tomorrow?
The Rothschild's ended up with the Patten from the Tech Co. follow the money... the rest is propaganda
If the pilots had time to change directions, why no distress calls? Something is very fishy here.
Why are you assuming time to change a heading has anything to do with whether or not the electrical systems, you know, the radio; was working?
I still don't understand why they didn't make a Mayday call. And, even if the navigational computers failed, why couldn't they fly the aircraft manually?
777 is run by computer. This plane was hacked and controlled by either a suicide nut with a tablet seated in the back of the plane or controlled from afar just as drones are. Test run. Why did Israel get so tight with incoming aircraft?
Oh great... now it's Israel's fault.
No dear. I didn't even allude to that. Israel believed iran to be behind it. It's possible that MH370 was a test run. Say Iran has a nuclear weapon. It's probably the size of one of the ones the US dropped on Japan. They may have no delivery system, so would use an airliner. Try doing some critical thinking.
The author of this article is, sorry to be blunt, an idiot. No mayday call, no transponder, no heading to the nearest airport but rather flying to the remotest areas of the Indian Ocean = no hero.
This article is nothing more than conjecture. There is nothing of substance written here. The author glosses over the altitude changes and course changes as if they're meaningless, and have nothing to do with what may have been happening on the Flight Deck. We know nothing, yet these fools pretend to be on top of the situation. BS!
Why the hell is the FBI taking this case? Since when is Malaysia the USA?
I have a question for everybody. Let's assume there was a terrible mechanical or electrical malfunction and that their communication systems also failed. Well, what about mobile phones. Do they work when the airplane is airborne? If yes, then surely someone must have made a call during that time?
The cell phones should work as the plane flew back overland. In 9/11 case, many travelers did use cell phones to call their families while the planes were still in the air.
so when media starts coming out and questioning "does this country not even bother screening pilots?" the government comes out trying to make them look like heroes as soon as possible to try deflecting attention from their security. of course if it turns out that it was the pilot intentionally diverting the plane for sinister reasons, their tourism would take a big hit from people losing confidence in air travel within or out of the country.
Let us not forget they allowed two persons with stolen passports to board that same plane!
Interesting article and possibilities. We will see for sure if they do in fact find the airplane and data in DFDRs.
Until wreckage is recovered, I would quit reporting this story anymore. I'm very sick of the talking heads whoring the story out.
The author's complete lack of understanding about aviation is tragic. Everything he has written is pure speculation, and garbage.
The plane flew over Indonesian air space. Where is the Indonesian air defense radar information.
Would Indonesia deny this to avoid pointing out weak spots in their defense?
All this flying and not one mayday transporter off flew back over land not one cell phone call something rotten in Denmark.
What is the chance that this plane hit the water perfectly and did NOT breakup? No breakup, no debris.
Allow me to be the devils advocate for a moment... I think we can agree that the pilots were compentant enough to take care of the plane, 18,000 hours is a great deal to just throw away. So the pilot was not in agreement with the government, neither am I but I don't go and do crazy things. The two fake passports, well that does happen all over the world everyday in many countries, I personally don't believe those two could have caused this by themselves as a terrorist act. Could the plane have had a malfunction, well yes anything is possible but to cut off all communication is absurd in my opinion. We keep hearing that the knobs were turned off manually, who is to say and who was there to see? What if they were turned off electronically by frequency of some sorts by satellite or something else? Generally only Governments and the military (subs) etc really know about the depths of the oceans. I'm not a crazy therorist but I do think outside of the box and look at senarios that are not publicized. It's a known fact that planes can be flown electronically and remotely, what if a country (possibly ours) used that plane as a test or diversion far far from our soil? I know it's far fetched to even think that, but what if? Realistically, there are no real facts as of yet. Why is a jumbo jet in one of the deepest parts of all the oceans? Simply put, if all communications were cut off remotely after the pilot did all the correct procedures and ok's, then death occured and the plane was flown by remote to it's final burial. What if this was planned and our subs or another country's subs already took care of the plane under water. What else on earth can go to those ocean depths, only subs! I just think it's ironic that the plane flew for hours and nobody knew about it. If a satellite or U2 spy plane can read a newspaper from the sky, it just doesn't make sense that any military never saw this happening. I personally don't think a true answer will ever come of this, it's too deep to recover the black boxes and they will never and I repeat never be found, much less anything more than some stuff that yield no clues floating around. How does someone (government) know if something works but by a real life scenario over one of the deepest parts of the world. By the time they find the needle in the haystack all clues will be diminished. I just don't believe the media and what they are told to tell us, especially from a foreign country that is not accustomed to telling lies and making things look good like our good ol US of A!
think you've been watching too many James Bond movies did it not occur to you if a country wanted to test your theories they would have used an empty plane flown by remote and not took the lives of 239 people. silly
rudy..." I'm not a crazy therorist but I do think outside of the box and look at senarios that are not publicized. It's a known fact that planes can be flown electronically and remotely, what if a country (possibly ours) used that plane as a test or diversion far far from our soil? " you need to rethink that first statement, you are not even close to the box
I would like to point out that the political opposition these people are talking about are ""PRO-WESTERN"". in other words, They are NOT Radical Jihadists.
I'm silly huh...? I suppose you believe that 9/11 had nothing to do with our own Government too huh? Atleast I'm using my mind without following what the news is trying to make you believe. Your mind is just like a parachute, it doesn't work if it's not open.
Im not agreeing with the test theory either, why would any country test a remote controlled plane with live passengers aboard? It doesn't make any real sense. I do think the two guys with fake passports had something to do with this planes going missing though. its the ONLY strange thing about the whole story! Perhaps they were able to sneak some sort of weapons on board like knives or even small guns, got into the #$%$ pit, took out the flight crew and THOUGHT they could fly the plane but during the struggle with the crew, the plane went too out of control and by the time the two skyjackers (anyone remember THAT word? lol) took control of the plane it was to far out of control for them to recover the flight... and off they went into oblivion.
@dont... You are theorizing on emotion. Why would anyone or any nation do anything? I'm curious to know if you believe what the news said about 9/11? Do you think 9/11 could have been an inside job or no?
It is a shame the media can't wait to see if the plane is located and the Black Box is recovered so maybe we can find out what really happened. Instead for over 10 days they make up all these scenarios of what might have happened. In an event like this the media should only tell the facts.
what possible reason would there be for having an off switch on any aircrafts transponder or vital ground contact systems..is this installed in case a would be hijacker might need it. seems silly,,,maybe they should put it in a big red box that says attention hyjackers,,,please make sure to turn off transponder while commiting your crime.
Conspiracy nut jobs coming out of the woodwork. This is like heaven to them.
The fact that the transponder disabled and there was no communication whatsoever seems to point to electrical fire in cockpit. There would be no NAV either which is why they missed their home base by a little bit. They did what Amelia Earhart did, missed their mark and ran out of fuel.
here we go, trying to put into perspective and what happened in the cockpit. radar only tracks planes around airport in the airports airspace. they don't track every plane all over the globe. the transponder was turned off along with all the other 15 tracking devices. this plane was stolen and is sitting on a runway somewhere. i think the government knows this and thats why they stopped the search. 1 question i can't answer is why would the pilot fly 8 hours to crash the plane? something fishy with this and whenever you see muslim people strange things like this happen.
We probably will never find out the truth. Speculation runs high with this event. 8 hours in flight might just be because the hydraulics failed and the plane could not turn.
777 have a triple system and 2 back up pumps for each system (propellers the retract out to catch the wind and turn the pump). so 3 completely different systems would have to fail...that is impossible. it just seems so strange and i would be baffled if it is in the ocean. stranger thinks has happened. i hope that it is in a million pieces on the bottom of the sea then turned into a bomb and returned back to the US or other country.
I, with alot of hours of putting together the pieces of the puzzle, have figured out exactly what happened: The plane crashed.
If they ever find the black box, we might know the truth! A lot of "news" people must not care if they look like idiots in the future or even now!
Malaysian Authorities Press release: "The Pilots tried to save MH370." More like Malaysian Authorities trying to save the airline and their own butts from bad press, mishandling of the entire situation and from major law suits by families!
I detest these poorly researched and slanted articles....Flight 447 was a case study and was improperly analyzed by this author. This writer has little or nothing to offer and is merely writing for the sake of getting published, albeit in one of the most useless forums imaginable. I do not know which is worse, these speculative and manic ravings oif incompetent authors...or the continued mismanagement and ineptitude of the Malaysian officials in charge of this investigation.
I may be wrong, but this was my thoughts from the get go, slow depressurization of the aircraft would sneak up on EVERONE aboard the aircraft and the pilots effort to save the aircraft was on the right track but could not reach the safe altitude in time. Chances are there was not one person alive when it hit the water. JMO
For all of you saying you would never fly with a Muslum Pilot you are being ignorent, if Religion is what leads the pilots and not common sence then dont fly with a Christian one either, if something went wrong whos to say they wouldnt just pray and leave it up to God/Jesus to fix. Insanity comes in all religions! STOP the ignorence please.
I still say its fishy even if the planes communications went out the pilots the crew and the passengers all have cell phones why didn't anyone call during the 7.5 hour flight? The passengers would have wondered why the flight was taking so long. if they didn't notice the direction change. As far as Im concerned everyone is still a suspect.
If something catastrophic happened everyone was either passed out or dead. And even if that's not what happened, who is going to get a cell signal out over the Indian Ocean?
they weren't over the indian ocean when the whole thing went wrong they were headed for china then turned around . You mean the plane has no oxygen masks and everyone immediaely passed out? Not even time for a fricken text? sos mayday? the only thing that kills that fast is something like cyanide, but very unlikely in this case.
I think the plane was on autopilot when the plane lost compression. The pilot tried to save the plane but lost consciousness. The plane flew on until it ran out of fuel. All passengers were dead long before the plane ran out of fuel.
Then why were the transponder and acars systems shut off?
I don't know Citizen.It would appear that some of the circuits and backups failed. The plane could have continued flying though. Just saying.
No matter what they find out a plane flew around for 7 to 8 hours and not a single person cared to find out what was wrong. The should have acted as soon at the plane disappeared from radar. Compare the cost to scramble a few fighter jets to what they have spent already. This operation is a complete failure. My heart goes out to these poor families.
Tragedy sells, and people all over the world are tuning in to find out what's next, and once the ads for Chevrolet, Sprint, Coca-Cola, Budwiser, Grab some Buds, Bud Light, Here we go, AND a visit from Flo, the Progressive girl are done, the news networks tell them ... the same damn thing they told them 7 1/2 MINUTES AGO!!!
How about this theory. The mainstream media at best wants to tread lightly and at worst is complicit in making excuses to defend the Muslim pilots. We know what happened with Silk Air and with Egypt Air and we also know the great track record of the B777...so figure the odds. And if it wasn't the pilots then someone hi-jacked the plane like those two Iranians carrying fake passports.
Did pilots try to save jet? Republicans "Yes" Democrat's " At this time we don't have the facts as we don't have the location of the jet" Republicans reply "We know anyone with training would have tried to save the Jet" Democrat's " We're working with all we can for what happened and we won't know anything until we find the plane" Republicans "It would appear that the jet had a malfunction and the plane could not turn" Just some humor guys be it your a republican or dem
This whole situation is out of control. From the bizarre conspiracy theories to the family members demanding answers and then flipping out when they received some kind of an answer. Nobody knows what has happened and all these "experts" need to stop trying to get their 15 seconds and stop throwing baseless accusations at whomever they choose.
Human not consider obvious. We have airbus on mother ship. Great leader summons us back to home planet. Our fun over. We put airbus in corn field in Nebraska. Signed; Gork
Thanks for the laugh......that is funny!
The only scenario I can think of if this was truly an accident is if they were reacting to an in-flight crisis of some sort.... and in the middle of things, suddenly lost cabin pressure and all died instantly..(anyone remember reigning open champ Payne Stewart). leaving the plane to fly it's course until it ran out of fuel... if there was a battery fire... are the fumes toxic???...and would they reach the cabin???... it's either that or it was a failed hijacking
A Lear jet is a bit different then 777.
Lears and 777's are indeed different. Can you tell us why, Professor?
So many stories, I don't know what to believe. Only thing I can say is before one blames two DEAD pilots, one should have positive. Remember Jewel and the bombing in Atlanta Ga. the man never got his life back. These two men don't have the luxury of defending themselves.
Yes folks, the effort to cover this up continues unabated.
Absolutely the pilots tried to save the airplane. There was a fire, they programmed a turn west toward the nearest 777-capable runway and started to turn off circuits to isolate the cause. Apparently the pilots and probably passengers were asphyxiated but somehow the fire went out. From there the airplane just flew on its last ordered course until fuel exhaustion. I have my doubts they will find wreckage, but if they do there will be evidence of a fire.
You are leaving out the fact that in order for it to end up where it did it would have had to get back to a cruising altitude of at least 30,000ft otherwise it would have ran out of fuel long before it did.
LOL-there was enough of a fire to asphyxiate all the passengers and crew (who have oxygen masks), but they had time to turn off the ACARS and the transponder, calmly say "Good Night", but not radio for help? Give me a break.
#$%$- I have heard all kinds of stuff about altitude, some of it very unlikely. I doubt they ever left FL350. Kat- first thing you do with a fire is start turning off stuff that might be causing the problem. Communication isn't a big priority because a fire can kill you in seconds and the guy on the radio can't help at all. ACARS is even less important than the radio because it is mostly a maintenance system. But turning towards the closest airport is something they would do.
I think the fire put it's self out from lack of ventilation and extinguished the lives of everyone on board as well, leaving the plane full of smoke to stay the course to the end unmanned.
Bottom LIne: We may never learn what REALLY happened...
Until the flight recorders are recovered, yes - it will all be speculation.
What we really need are a few more journalists determining the truth of every situation and reading sinister or terrorist into it to get more ratings. God forbid they just report facts. Tell use what you THINK happened with your vast understanding of everything in the world.
The "officials" on this issue didn't know anything official all along. And that's official! And most reporting was just blabber which harmed the families/friends, drew attention away from other world issues - a lot of strutting and peacocking for ratings, next to nothing reported that was helpful nor official.
The Malaysian Government: EPIC FAILURE. They are like a bunch of foolish school children trying to figure out how to tell us how they lost this airplane. This should do wonders for their tourism industry.
this is a continuation , by the beast and other rags; like the bluffington post; to keep the drama going. Pitiful excuses for what has become the American media..it is little wonder WHY we are losing respect around the world..our POTUS and his entire administration are as big of a joke as the media that whole-heartedly supports them...
It is quite obvious that there was some sort of human sinister act. Anyone who says different is just blowing smoke. How stupid can one be? People simply hate truth.
Yeah, cause planes are like cars; they could never have any kind of failure on their own. Great call moron!
"Have the Malaysians finally stopped trashing the pilots?" I believe the media started with that, the horn-dog copilot story. Along with most of the speculations that the media started and is now above, trying to deflect onto others. People only talked about it because people like you wrote it.
Sounds like they are trying to avoid liability issues to me.
They want to let Boeing take the hit.
this is a bunch of #$%$. the fact that the speculations have no consistent direction is telling, in addition how come the flight (or what is stated) about the flight after the transponders were turned off has no indication whatsoever of a emergency....not the fact withstanding that there was never any call or distress signal sent.....and if there was the quickest route was back from where the flight originated... ALSO,,, the Black Boxes.... why has no one first really mentioned these and second honed in on the ping or signal sent by these devices in efforts to find the plane... Again... no one is really addressing the Black Boxes... No,, this stinks.. It is obvious here where there is smoke there is fire....
B: Can you hear the pinging from the black boxes? No? Why not? You say, you're not anywhere near it? Ok, where is, "near it?" You don't know? That's what I thought. Also, answer this: "How close do you need to be to hear the pinging?"
If it had been an uncontrolable fire, why didn't the plane burn and not fly for another 7 or 8 hours? If it was smoke, then there was fire somewhere.
Oh, horse chit. This is just one more nonsense story from people who don't know anything more today than they did yesterday. Don't get me wrong, I'm not claiming to know what happened…I'm just suggesting that this is just one more worthless guess.
agreed....reaching for straws because of public pressure
For me, the on board fire theory is pretty well debunked by the fact the plane seems to have reached the shores on Antarctica.
Wow, the lies and straight up bulls**t regarding this whole story is crazy. For 2 weeks it was terror, hijacking, sinister. Now the pilots tried to save the plane but never sent a distress signal. Just admit you have NO IDEA WHAT HAPPENED.
Maybe it was swatted out of the air by Godzilla.
bahahahahahahaha *glares at YOU* Oh, I know - A little stupidity to Liven Up The Crowd .. btw: Stupid Is As Stupid Does !!
I don't believe the Malaysian government's statement that the plane went down. They have provided no proof. Maybe Sarah Palin can tell us what happened since she's so good at predicting such things.
Firstly. No one will know for sure until week age and the black box is found. Secondly this writers statement that Malaysian were trashing the pilots. That trashing would also include the American media including people like him.
it took 2 years after air france went down in ocean to find black boxes.
Every bit of news about the disappearance of this plane is still all speculation.
And tomorrow the Malaysian government will release a report saying it was aliens, while the armchair experts will insist that it was a wormhole.
Why can't anyone get the folks who own the miniature submarine (I forget its name); the one that investigates the Titanic from time to time; to help out with the search? Or is that a ridiculous idea? Just a thought.
So they picked a spot about 2 miles deep, and have had plenty of time to fabricate and disperse debris. They even had time to sink a dummy aircraft if they wanted, so some dive team can bring back grainy photos of an object that looks like a plane.
excuse me, but the majority of Malaysian (including the authorities) have never, i repeat, NEVER trashing the pilots. We have faith in them, we believe that both of them were very good pilots, citizen of Malaysia and Muslims. Please do not make statements based on your own prejudice.
Saving a jet without saying mayday and turning off all communication and fly for another 7 hours? I hella believed in it like how I believe our president!
Actually with the black box the pilots can speak for themselves and will. The voice recordings will reveal what was said and done in the cockpit as well as the status of the aircraft.
I don't believe the pilots had anything to do with it. I believe that whoever said ok good night was trying to let them know something was wrong.I read that a lot of pilots have flight simulators but does that make them murderers? My heart goes out to the family of the victims. I pray they find out soon what happened so the families can have closure.
Why did it climb to 45,000 feet? The plane's maximum ceiling is 43,100 feet - according to specs. Planes have been loaded with the wrong fuel. Maybe the wrong fuel would make it perform like a fighter?
Now all the stupid comments from Fox news can be made into a blooper reel... oh wait, some of it was already shown on Jon Stewart show!
It may be time to use 3 months per year to cull news journalists. CNN now has the credibility of a troop of #$%$. CNN makes Obama look smart!
Well they decided the plane is in the south of the indian ocean, and there still searching data for theories of why. They don't know where that plane is or it's fate. If so, why don't they go get it. and retrieve the bodies of the passengers? I think all of this is bulls#!t!!.
Now the picture starts to become clearer. Here's a possibility. While enroute to Beijing, something serious happens and they re-plot a course to return to Malaysia. Shortly thereafter their situation goes from bad to worse (explosive depressurization, hull breach, etc.) They take emergency action, drop altitude to 12000 ft. Something catastrophic happens on the flight deck either killing or rendering the pilots useless. The plan continues on it's now new course for 7 hrs on autopilot until fuel is expended in the middle of the ocean.
* That's what I think happened...
Mitch, all the other scenarios were full of "somethings" too, except that they lacked motive and made no sense at all. At least these "somethings" make total sense.
Tim, Plausible, but raises many more questions: 1) Why didn't pilots notify traffic control of emergency (even in Swiss Air tragedy, pilots had time to radio in) 2) Why didn't the aircraft itself broadcast a fire warning (this aircraft provides real time fire detection)? 3) What kind of catastrophe renders communications/ACARS useless, but preserves the flying integrity of the aircraft?
And no one could get a call out on a cell phone? All airliner communications went down as well?
Thats it!! Keep on guessing!! Just admit that you don't have a clue. When you actually find the plane and the flight data recorder, then start speculating what happened.
This spin is total #$%$. The transponder was turned off.
And what were the pilots trying to save the plane from? Lots of speculation with nothing to base it on. If the plane was in distress would not the pilot or co-pilot have contacted Malaysian air control to find a place to land ASAP? (or Vietnamese or Indonesian etc.)
They would have contacted them if they could have.
Yahoo does not write news. They only write opinionated articles based on speculation and most of the time a huge bias.
Did you notice? Down at the bottom, it states that the article is actually from The (liberal) Daily Beast.
Good write up. In today's Twitter world we all "need" answers instantly. The truth is no one yet knows what happened to the flight but it does seem based on the latest admissions by the Malaysian Gov't that they were peddling pure speculation just to show they were doing something. Hope they find the plane/black box soon.
"The Pilots Tried to Save MH370". Oh, well, I'm glad to see that the Daily Beast has concluded what happened. Talk about a dedicated group of professionals that stare defective stories in the eyes and laugh. Unbelievable.
How many people have prematurely died from other things while the world has been caught up in this super-duper-exciting story? Of course we aren't as interested in dysentery, malaria, starvation, or North Korean concentration camps... as they're not likely to happen to us. I mean, I'm not saying you should care about those things, just that you don't.
This is REALLY starting to not make any sense.
@Owen, has it ever Made Any Sense ?? I vote *NO* !!
I don't buy any of the stories from that government!
Meanwhile In Beijing the people are furious!
Yeah... Clive Irving would have you believe all the communications & nav systems on #370 -simultaneously- failed and the pilots were making a valiant effort to save a lumbering dumbo in the air. Right. Get a clue pal...when was the last time a legitimately disabled airplane did not contact ground control unless it had suddenly crashed into a mountain?
Regarding to the first paragraph of the article, but the one who had been continuously bashing the pilots are none other than the media, who exaggerate the news when they had no other leads to report on. Some low lives tried to blame the pilots, based on his political views, and even play the religious game, saying Muslim terrorists are being involved.. It's surprising really, when major news like this appears, everyone suddenly become an expert; be it flight experts, mechanical experts, detectives, psychology experts you name it.. pitiful bunch Speculations can be made, but without proofs, they are nothing but baseless accusations. The blaming game is hideous, considering nothing solid had been proven.. Innocent until proven guilty. Calm your tits and just wait until the blackbox is collected
If you've payed attention to Fox News, they've probably been the worst, but yeah, it's been the media propagating most likely falsehoods without checking out the facts. It's one thing to report what the Malaysian authorities release in statements, but it's a damn whole other thing when these idiotic TV news outlets get their moronic pundits involved with a trail of speculation, gossip, and just plain p*iss poor commentary on the level of a 6th grader.
Thank you for a thoughtful post.
I have never believed that there was anything sinister. But why does some people always think the worst of others? We will miss all that perished on that flight.
If pilot was trying to save the plane from crashing, as speculated, what would be his reason for turning off the communications system?
Enter the conspiracy story idiots! Big surprise here the plane crashed into the ocean. That's pretty much it. End of story.
I've read this article and come to the conclusion that Yahoo News is attempting to style themselves after the National Enquirer. "Enquiring Minds Need to Know."
Great article....let's just swing the wild speculation the other direction even though we have no facts to back up that position, either.
Pilot suicide is still a big possibility. If the pilot didn't want anyone to know it was suicide that would explain why he didn't just crash it into the Gulf of Thailand and flew on to a remote inhospitable area well off the planned route and less traceable with key tracking systems turned off or disabled.
The pilots were trying to save the plane after a small explosion which may have been caused by the Lithium-ion battery cargoes inside the plane. . Although the explosion was small, it may have cause the plane to rapidly lose pressure. The Lithium-ion battery cargoes should not have been declared as Non Hazardous since the battery is known to produce high temperature and it has very large current surge. . Its medium is flamable which causes problems for Boeing's 787 .
What an idiotic piece."all this was part of planting the idea.."blah blah reference the ascent to 45 000. It was RADAR data that initially gave that and if the writer followed ANY of the commentary at the time, all the experts said it may have been in error-and it probably didn't happen. Data can be wrong.. No one on CNN or anywhere suggested that Malaysians really thought that.
I don't believe any of this. If the plane did indeed hit the water where they think, retrieve the black boxes, do the investigation, and give us the results when they are rock solid. That's what the NTSB does. It takes months to get their analysis of the cause of a crash. Frankly, until they pull up some debris that can be identified, I don't think they should be making any kind of statements about where the plane ended up.
Time for the NTSB to take over and kick the Malay gov't out of this. Let the pros handle it.
This is REALLY starting to not make any sense.
This whole thing has been handled so poorly from the very beginning.
Why didn't they communicate the problem? Wasn't there a closer runway than the Indian Ocean??
The truth would sure be refreshing. Whatever happened, those poor families and friends are owed the truth and nothing less.
I dont know if I can tell the truth from all the lies right now. *L* The Malaysian PM is Chicken Little screaming the sky is falling. When it actually does...no one will know.
May I ask the writer Mr. Irving how a fire manages to burn an airplane for 7 hours without causing it crash sooner?? Furthermore, at low altitude at crusing speed on autopilot with high drag from the dense atmosphere, would the airplane manage to fly that far?? in any case, we hope to find the wreckage so this matter can be resolved.
Selling the news is a business now, that's why none of it is accurate. Whether it's flight 370, Ukraine, or whatever. They take stories and run with them before they know if it's even true. I take the news like I take the internet, you have to know where to pick out the BS.
The Malaysians were trashing the pilots? ...whatever!! givien the few details, investigating the pilots is not trashing. It is way too early to put blame on anyone. ...just let the facts come out, if it was an issue with the aircraft, making a course change then flying for 7 hours with no communication of any type is bizzare.
I don't buy the Malaysia PM statement. No proof; purely speculative. It's as if they want this story to go away.
seems like the information that Yahoo News is trying to debunk is the same information it was reporting as factual not too long ago...
Pack your B.S. stories up your #$%$ Have some respect for the family.
Horse Manure. Typical CNN reporting. Create a story.
only satellite that claimed this plane went south is the british satellite..i dont belive it..this plane is right where the transponder went off..why and how could a plane fly for hours if it were an ill intent? And if the plane was flying with everybody incapacitated why wasnt the plane detected when it flew over land the second time on the way back?--i dont believe the media one bit
God forgive me if I am wrong, but who ever was in control of the plane had the intent of murder and suicide all along. I believe that the individual never wanted authorities to ever find the plane. An ultimate act of control. The deepest part of the Indian Ocean is about 1500 miles west of Perth. Coincidence that the plane flew around that area despite it's correct course being the opposite of where it went? I don't think so.
nah pilots arent crazy--stop watching what the news says--these brits are all over our tv nowadays, something fishy is happening to the usa.
That plane is in the Ocean because somebody at the controls wanted to put it there. The combination of a complete communications/tracking shutdown coupled with controlled 'evasive' flying before it even got to the Indian Ocean, clearly indicate that this is so.
Not to mention, how do we know it's even in the Indian Ocean as opposed to landed somewhere for other purposes?
To the people who think it was a fire....if you know anything about pyrotechnics, on fire, that plane wouldn't have made it 2-3 hours let alone 5+. Its's like getting to a house 5 hours after the fire starts, but with jet fuel! There isn't going to be anything left within I'd say 2-3 hours, that plane would be gone. Someones doing alot of work to cover something up here. That's all I have to say.
i gave an idea, what if there was a problem with the aircraft and the pilots turned the plane around to go back. then something catastrophic happened and the plane just kept on flying.
Folks it's important to understand, pilot suicide is a BIG taboo. The Malaysian authorities are getting nervous, and had to change the story. A Muslim pilot running the plane out to the middle of nowhere on planet Earth to kill his passengers to go meet Allah? That doesn't work well for them.
Sorry, not buying that the pilots tried to "save the airplane" for 7 hours and wasn't able to find a suitable landing zone after 7 hours. Hijacking, pilot suicide, or zombie plane are my three guesses
not possible, govt trying to save face, one of these pilots planned this out and drove it into the ocean, period. if there was a fire, the first thing they would have done was issue a mayday, make a heading towards closest runway and lower altitude.
I still say it was a broken windshield. it may have cracked causing them to turn back slowly but then it broke and created 500+ winds inside the cockpit. they they tried to get it down but were unable to get back to the controls and the whole plane decompressed disabling every one and it flew to the south indian ocean
then why was the transponder turned off?
Another example of work place violence. Remember Ford Hood.
The terrorist theory never made much sense because no one ever claimed responsibility. The problem has always been with the Malaysians because they are a backward third world toilet with an authoritarian government which cares less about the truth than its agenda.
I have been reading about this incident from day 1 both on yahoo and yahoo Malaysia. It seems to me the western media was the one who was quick to blame the pilot for bringing down the plane.
If the plane crashed into the ocean eventually there will be some crash debris that floats up to some island or is spotted by a ship. that was a huge plane it will have likely broken and left plenty of debris, cushions, purses, hats, food containers, etc.
At this point in all of the speculation, I'm not going to be surprised when the media declares that we are not alone in the universe after all and this plane was teleported to another planet.
The plane couldn't have been lost in worst place as the seas are constantly like water in a washing machine.
No one does anything sinister these days without leaving a note, or claim to their fame. This was most likely a fire or some other catastrophic incident that led to the downing of a plane. But because the world media forum wants to milk this for as much as possible, and the airline company doesn't want to be held accountable, we are going to go round and round on debating "what really happened" when we will never know...
This is garbage. Pure speculation. There is no demonstrated similarities with the Air France debacle. Why even bring AF 447 into the discussion? The only remotely near accurate information presented here is that the AF 447 crew could have saved the airplane but they didn't (because they failed to recognize a stall condition).
If so why shut systems off, why not call emergency, why not try to land?
What, could you go run through that again? You really expect us to believe this story?
Something is very strange with the Malaysian government and their irresponsible handling of this whole thing.
First the Malysian Govt made that something sinister happened, the pilots did it and now they did not. What about the MEDIA? Did they not jumped on the band wagon too?
Malaysia is not honest. They are hiding relevant information because it points the fault at them.
Sounds like desperate media trying to milk this story some more with wild unfounded speculation.
As mrs Clinton says what difference does it make why they crashed. It's over move on.
I wasn't there. So, I don't know what exactly happened. However, to try to rule out the possibility of pilot suicide now is simply being closed-minded. People just don't want to accept the possibility that an individual (or group of individuals) may be sick enough to want to take hundreds of people down with them to the grave.
The biggest clue may have come today when another Malaysian 777 made an emergency landing in Hong Kong because the electrical generator failed. The plane made it because the emergency electrical generator started and allowing the 777 to make an emergency landing. Could a similar problem have occurred with the MH370 that lead to navigation and communication failure?
They have a few back up systems..an extra generator , batteries and a wind driven generator that can be deployed. The plane is fly by wire so it must have had electrical power to continue flying for 7 hours. It doesn't seem likely there was any electrical failure..
I'm fascinated by this story because of the mystery element. That said, I'm ready for the media to stop focusing on it. They're encouraging guessing games and arguments that won't likely be resolved. People died, it seems unfair to me to suggest that one was a terrorist, or committing suicide, or something else entirely when we don't actually know much of anything.
As long as there are no facts to pursue, the narrative can be what ever they want.
Like a friend of mine said there is something they were not telling everyone and who cares this is just another one of those lame excuses for the US to waste its resources and course the morons in the US run just too be typically nosey... stupid idiots
Typical Yahoo. Totally idiotic article! Fact is, NOBODY seems to know what happened on that flight. So why is stupid Yahoo now stating the pilots did try to save the plane? Just like before, Yahoo stated, that the pilots must have been involved somehow. Yahoo HAS NO CLUE, as to what went on, so they keep reporting BS!!!
Petra, this article was written by a reporter at The Daily Beast, NOT Yahoo ! Just picked up from the wire and re-printed, like MOST articles here. Although Yahoo does it's fair share of B.S.reporting also...Always look at the BY-line, usually at the top left of an article.
" (First officers do most of the flying anyway)." Absolutely not true. The Capt and FO alternate legs of the trip.
Malaysians did NOT trash the pilots! All those so called "aviation analysts" came on TV (especially CNN & FOX) and are still bashing the pilots! We will not know the real cause until the black box is found.
They need to stop trash talkin' these guys. Their families are hurting as well. Let's wait till ALL the facts and evidence are in and evaluated by EXPERTS not Monday morning quarterbacks
The press could tell us anything, shoot we don't know. I do find it odd that The First Lady finally takes a trip to China, just days after this incident, especially after all the other times she shunned China in the past. She also refused the press any access. Just curious, what might have happened to Snowden had anyone been aware of his actions previous to his arrival in China? Did he also fly Malaysian Airlines?
I think Malaysia doesn't want anyone to know that they accidentally shot at their own plane.
They need to stop searching the ocean for a crashed plane and start searching for a stolen airplane hiding in plain site at some airport in Iran, or Pakistan. Some terrorist group swiped this plane. And people need be on the lookout for this aircraft before its used in another 9/11 style attack. At 242 ft 4 in (73.9 m) in length the 777-300 shouldn't be that easy to hide.
If the computer system is hijacked... I would shut down the wifi on the plane immediately
The oil rigger saw a plane on fire about that time, but for some reason the Malaysian government said it wasn't true. A fire makes more sense than anything.
They could have communicated their problems to their controllers. They deliberately made decisions to get off the grid.
I know we are all impatient to know what happened but maybe people should actually know something before they speak.
Does anybody else think this is like a Gilligan's Island episode?
Malaysia Airlines has financial problems. Seems like they are trying to take attention away from themselves, possibly an insurance scam? I have a feeling we will never know the real truth here..
Proof of plane please.. So nothing Malaysia says can be believed, but then the author totally believes this.
It's pretty hard to retract a story of pilot suicide after it was jumped on first thing by the Malaysian government. I doubt they are even telling the truth now about the plane being in the Indian Ocean. I've heard of absolutely no proof. WTG at ruining a couple pilot's reputations in the process of all your erroneous reports, Malaysia.
The USA went to the crash area over a week ago, and Great Britain announced(USA didn't announce) they have satellite data proving where the plane went. They know where it went down. The USA can see everything that happens on this planet. Duh.
Terrorists can take over planes without entering them now.
We'll spend millions of dollars to decipher the black box et al. And we knew its location from the get go- we just couldn't admit HOW we knew it, right, CIA? Rest in peace, all SOB (no, that's not an insult, not from a boat captain, anyway.)
I live in NZ and I know when our Orion went to investigate something it saw in the water, it was only a big clump of seaweed. Also the Aussie PM has said that all search planes that are Chinese have to have one Australian on board as well. Why?
In the States we call it "Plausible Deniability" or ...A condition in which a subject can safely and believeably deny knowledge of any particular truth that may exist because the subject is deliberately made unaware of said truth so as to benefit or shield the subject from any responsibility associated through the knowledge of such truth. In short... the Chinese can say... "Look we didnt find or we DID find something even if we did or did not. We have a Aussie along to verify it.
Whenever the United States has a meeting with the European Union nations they all come out looking like BobbleHeads. Except Putin. This is why they want to kick him out, because they think he is the misfit, when it is the opposite.
Fact is there are no facts to support anything. And now that they officially stopped looking, chances are no one will ever know. We all will wonder and the families of the flight will suffer. I can't imagine losing my little girl and never knowing what happened to her, this is the worst thing they could have done to these families.
It's a cover- up by the Malaysian Government to cover its black market top secret cargo which was delivering to China. It was secretly disguised in a commercial flight, got hijacked, landed and well hidden on land by the extremists.
Pilot need more time on the PS3 flight simulator. P L A Y S T A T I O N.
Someone turned off the transponders. So who could that be? Only pilots are allowed into the cockpit. Therefore I do NOT fall for this bogus story that the pilots may have tried to save the plane. The Malaysian government is loosing face faster then Obama did with his lie of the year.
For all we know, ET phoned home. Let's stop speculating and focus on finding the plane.
It seems to me there was some kind of malfunction with the plane. not every tragedy has to be deliberate. the minds of people are really scary. Rest in Peace to those that have lost their lives. So Sad!
We will probably never know. Seems very strange that the transponder was off (for whatever reason) and no communication came from the plane. If something so catastrophic had occurred to silence the pilots and disable the transponder it doesn't seem likely the plane would have flown for so long afterwards.
I honestly don't care anymore... This plane in my opinion never was, and it's a cover up for something big we are not supposed to see or know about. Either that or the plane was accidently shot down by another nations Military and they are trying to ease the sparks of World War III (adding the Ukraine/Russia issue in that part).
There are so many twists & turns to this tragedy that it makes your head spin!!! I just don't understand how a 777 can head in one direction, turn completely around & end up in the middle of nowhere? There's so many questions, so much finger pointing, so much suffering for the families. I'm afraid of what the black box may reveal if it's ever found.
This is my favorite: reading the posts of people with ZERO aviation, search and rescue, engineering, or meteorological education or knowledge speculating on the crash with authority.
The lack of voice communication during the "emergency" debunks the above theory, unless there is yet another coincidental effect on the communications system.
Still seems like someone shot that b|tch down by mistake and nobody wants that admitted.
"Pilot suicide doesn't make sense! If the pilot(s) were looking to kill them selves why would they fly for another 5 hours? Why not just crash the plane right away?" The pilot turned the plane to the west to face the direction of the holy shrine, Mecca. By this time, the other pilot was probably incapacitated and the the last words from the black box, if they ever find it, could be "Allah Akbar! Allah Akbar!".
... except that they were flying SSW, not at all in the direction of saudi Arabia. Nice fan fiction though.
I love how all the sudden it's the Malaysians who were conducting all these wild stories. The american press had a field day with these juicy stories. Fowl play, terrorism, hi jacking are always the first implications no matter what to sensationalize the story, even though the pilots back grounds are squeaky clean. Those pilots did what they could to save that plane, but that's just not good enough, someone has to be proven a criminal.
There are many theories of what happen to the aircraft but I totally disagree on one of the theory we kept hearing for last couple days from the so-called experienced pilot. He stated that the aircraft caught fire then the pilots overcome by smoke and the aircraft kept flying until run out of gas and crash. The fact is the aircraft was 'ping' from the on-board Inmarsat system to the Inmarsat satellites for for more than 5 hrs after transponder turned off would tell you that fire on the cockpit was not the case. Pinging the satellite was just a digitally 'Log-on request' or handshake between the on-board system and the satellite. Here are three reasons why - First, if there was a fire that take out the transponder or communication systems, it would eventually take out the Inmarsat system since all the Avionics equipment concentrated in a close area of each others and it would not take more than 5 hrs for the fire to stop the on board Inmarsat system (at the time of the aircraft running out of fuel, the system stopped functioning l!). Secondly, this system is using the latest antenna technology called Phased array antenna in which its 'energy' concentrated to the direction of the satellite by knowing the location of the satellite and the location of aircraft by the aid (or interface) of the Inertial Navigation System (INS). If the INS system stop sending the information to the Inmarsat system, the system is practically disable. (So the INS systems would have to survive the fire). Thirdly, the Inmarsat system, depend on the version of the system, there are peripheral support equipment (like Power amplifier, Low noise amplifier) that has to be all working for the Inmarsat to be functioning. So in short, there would be a very low probability to have a fire in the cockpit that only take out the transponder, the datalink ACARS system but nothing impact to many other systems located near the Inmarsat that required to support the functioning of the Inmarsat system for more than 5 hrs!!. The cockpit fire theory doesn't sell!.
I thought that it was the engines that provided the ping for Inmarsat?
Hottentot - How is the engine can ping or talk/communicate directly to the satellite? There is no such thing that engine talk to satellite directly. Rather, the signal of the ping which is an RF frequency has to be send by a radio system via an antenna system. Just like the ACARS is using the VHF radio or Inmarsat system to send out maintenance data. In this case, I heard that Malaysia airlines did not subscribed the Inmarsat services but they have the system installed as a baseline from the manufacturer and that why the ping just a 'request log-on' to the satellite.
Hottentot - Your statement are dead wrong. The VHF system has a different frequency range than the satellite frequency (recommend you to Google). They are two different systems. The VHF frequency and power can not ping the satellite. Secondly, there is no such an 'implanted' VHF box into the engine in any airplane model that current flying. Thirdly, there is no such using the airplane profile as an antenna for VHF. You do not understand how VHF antenna work. The only system that use the profile of the aircraft for antenna is the HF system. Finally, you do not understand how the engine data are being collected, processed then send out of aircraft. Look like you are still clinging to your theory that a fire occurred in the cockpit and smoke took out the flight crews and the aircraft still auto flighted for 7 hrs while the aircraft still pinging the satellites!. You are just hoping that the 'pinging' is independent to the cockpit systems so fire would have no impact to pinging and come up with an architecture with implanted VHF radio (for each engine?) and antenna system in which there is no such thing.
There was also a theory early on that the elder pilot may have created a situation that would have made him look hero-like, as the pilot did on the Hudson landing. Not looking good for the man's mental state no matter how you cut it.
Except, as the article pointed out, there is no real evidence for ANY of the theories that would question his "mental state."
I'm just going to wait until the Hollywood Movie, to see the plot and final end results.
This article contains an awful lot of conjecture, and ultimately makes little sense. ... And why talk about the French airplane that crashed in the Atlantic five years ago in the same article? .... Let's see some actual investigatory results.
This makes more sense than stealing a plane to fly to Antarctica to commit suicide and mass murder.
Well, it would not be uncontrollable at FL450 but it would be a handful to fly manually. The autopilot would be tasked to do the flying.
Just another 100% accurate account of what didn't happen.
Cabin fire (effecting transponder/radio equipment) that eventually rendered the flight crew unconscious. Plane was turned back toward land than just flew on until it eventually crashed most likely scenario.
Really don't we know who is behind this? The religion of peace.
What did they do? Crash the plane in the middle of the Indian Ocean? If they landed it somewhere the US government, the Malaysian government and the Chinese government are all involved in a cover-up.
Clive you are an idiot. Just like all the other news organizations trying to sensationalize this situation. It just kills all of you that Bill O'reily got it right while CNN and the likes of you do not have a clue.
They were all dead from the beginning: Lost
The weirdest thing is none of the passengers called their families to tell them what is going on in the plane?
I appreciate this journalist writting. It's is refreshing to read truths instead of speculation. But I guess speculation sells until the truth is figured out.
Please they only changed their story to not be sued by the families of the pilots. It's that or they just don't know what they're doing in Malaysia. Spin the wheel and lets find out what we're going to tell everyone today. Where's Vanna White when you need her?
Calling bs on this. The Malaysian "pros" didn't cooperate until 10 days after the incident and they are making an assumption about what happened with no evidence at all. May the families find peace
Sometimes when people yell that there is a conspiracy, there sometimes is.
ToTo, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore… Damn Tornados !! This Story is about as Far Fetched as *The Wizzard of OZ*, children might believe it, But Adults see the Stupidity in IT .. Produce The Wreckage and Stop *Fishing and Making Up Unfounded Stories* We The People "Want An Explanation with the TRUTH and FACTS" nothing More nothing Less !
Bill O'Reilly said last week that based on the known facts at the time, the plane was at the bottom of the Indian Ocean. Say what you will but he did say that.
Thumbs down? I saw him say it. Some just cannot accept the truth.
Well who didn't see this announcement coming?
This new story has no more credibility than the numerous old stories.
It left wing had malfunction just like the one did on the airplane that landed safely in the US, surely no one want to place blame on the living.
This is probably some BS PR move.
I still think the plane was hijacked and was going to crash it at Diego Garcia, but ran out of fuel before target was hit.
Going by this story, it's a reach to think someone, planning to commit suicide, had other intentions by taking control of the plane and flying it. If this is possible, think of the implications. Without using box cutters or knifes, the 9-11 hijackers, one of them could take control of a large jet and fly it where it wants. We, as americans, need to find that plane and find out what happen.
Painting the pilots as terrorists is the easy answer. I seriously doubt a professional pilot with 18,000 flying hours did this. I also doubt it was the younger pilot. Everyone wants an answer, but I don't know if there will ever be one. Attacking the pilots without a shred of evidence bothers me.
Looks like the turned the plane because there was a serious problem, went down right away, perhaps fire. And it seems logical that passengers were most likely dead or unconscious very quickly, otherwise someone would manage to send a message or make a phone call, anything (in case of hijacking). Pilots turn the plane to get to the nearest landing place, but died before they got there, and the plane flew by itself until it ran out of fuel. First of all, the plane was turned in the direction of the nearest airport, second if it flew as directed first, it'd kill many more people. I'm just tired of those conspiracy theories or blaming the pilots, when the actual information doesn't support it and is constantly contradicting, or hidden, or simply doesn't make sense. Not to mention kept secret and delayed. As for the pilot deleting some data on his hone simulator - seriously? It was deleted on Feb 3, do you really think someone would plan to hijack the plane and kill the people in it and would try in more than a month before and than just wouldn't try it again? Especially in the last days before that flight?
I really really hate the way the media plasters the picture of grieving relatives all over the news, it is very insensitive and cruel, this is NOT soap opera TV!
I like the way your article was going, just that there were absolutely no facts to support your theory. Back to Journalism 101.
They should relabel the "news" and just call it "propaganda". Because lately nothing that comes out of the media is true ... all hype by a parade of "experts" who are getting paid to perform.
Remember when we all thought it was sick to wear aluminum on our heads? Well it's here. Someone remotely hijacked the jet.
None of this makes any since, the plane was headed to China, but ended up crashing into Indian ocean, way way way south of Australia.. And yet this is being looked at as an accident? Never mind the fact, the plane has not been found.. I smell cover up..
I really do not care about the media reporting on this story anymore. They change the story every day but the perished still have my sympathies.
All air line companies should inform the passengers that their pilot is a Muslim before you buy the air line tickets. , Go at your own risk. I for one would not fly with a Muslim at the wheel.
Horse puck. They went as far away from the nearest runway that they could possibly reach in an emergency.
Enough is enough with that Malaysia plane already media.
Sure. Of course. Muslim pilots tried to save everybody on board for 8 hours with two Iranian terrorizers among passengers, with stolen passports no less, and government been spreading disinformation from the beginning. Yeah, sing me another one. They know exactly what happened to it. It was stolen, and Team 6 is searching for it before it turns into a weapon and flown into some building. But what do I know?
What a joke. The yahoos at yahoo now blame the Malaysians. It's their own journalists that are a joke. All the major news stations have been an embarrassment as well. Up yours, yahoo...
Maybe now CNN & FOG News will stop talking about their dopey supernatural theories.
Shouldn't the first action in case of an emergency would be to relay a distress message, before disabling all communications systems. However you want to paint it, the pilot or whoever took control of the plane, did not want to be found.
It depends if the communication systems were disabled by human hands, or if they were disabled by the system itself malfunctioning.
Saving the plane really worked out well. Will the two pilots have their licenses revoked?
Am I the only one that thinks they are just making this up as they go? What will it be tomorrow? Gremlins? Because someone didn't leave the bottle of beer on it's side to catch them? This is ridiculous. Something is terribly wrong. It's doubtful that you can lose a jumbo jet with 2 people on board with stolen passports, a pilot with dubious actions and now think it was just a big oopsy.3
Wait, how does the captain of Air France have less hours than his first officer?
Ooh. My guess.... the pilots WERE in on it. They set it up to look like proper response to an emergency. When they reduced altitude, that's safe altitude from which to jump. Pilots and two guys on fake passportsjumped from the plane effectively faking their own deaths whike parachuting to safety and murdering the plane full of innocent people they left behind in terror.
Even an aspiring novice writer of espionage novels would have stayed arm's length from your theory.
Richard Jewel (the fat rent-a-cop at the Olympics in Atlanta) taught big media a lesson. They said that it was Richard that planted the bomb when it wasn't him after all. Cost big media millions and millions. That is why now the media can say whatever they want. They have shill "Guest" on saying inflammatory remarks and outrageous speculation. All the while the host are going...."Yes..I see."
Plane makes U-turn, contacts no one, flies 7.5 hours away from any radar, probably ending up in one of worlds most difficult places to search; yes that all concurs with mechanical failure. That's almost as dumb as Black Holes and Aliens.
almost as dumb as a fake scrawny dork allegedly shooting a whole school full of kids dead. no survivors
I think the pilots was cool, they didn't want to die. Why did China and Malyasia hold info back?
Then there is the fact they never USED the radio once the stuff was shut off and the course changed..... Only FACT I have seen so far is the Malaysians not knowing their rear from a hole in the ground.
This inicident is example of why you need to control the media. There have been rampant speculation about this plane. Here is my theory...someone on the plane released cyanide and killed everyone on board. Before the pilots died, they turned the plane around to fly over an area where no lives on the ground would be lost when the plane crashed....over the Indian Ocean.
cyanide is too quick, no time to turn, descend and set a steady autopilot heading. Mechanical problems should have permitted them to communicate their Mayday, which we also should have heard in a poisoning/attack. Unless it was the crew themselves. And the silenced transponders!! it is all incomprehensible. I hope they find the boxes and the mystery is solved, but I have my doubts. .
This whole experience has proven just one thing conclusively- the main stream media doesn't know squat... no wonder they still carry Obama's water.
A perfect example of how cruel and sinister the media can really be.
Yes, especially the left wing. If it wasn't an act of terrorism, why did they turn off the transponder and why didn't they radio anyone?
What a complete load of BS....where does yahoo find these backwater writers? Completely ignores all the most important thing: These pilots did absolutely nothing to notify anyone of any trouble. There are too many safeguards and redundancies to claim such tripe as what is written here. Oh man, now the pilots are heroes? Sure, and the Malaysian government has told the truth from the beginning.
Why are we blaming the Malaysian government? They tried to keep everyone as up to date as possible... if they did otherwise people would be screaming "conspiracy" or "coverup". Asian people tend to try to be accommodating and not confrontational. They'e prefer to not say "No" or not give a negative answer. And if anyone hasn't noticed, journalist these days aren't really reporting news, they're selling stories... the more sensational the better.
Ok, so one minute its space aliens, the next it was shot down, some say it was hijacked and flown to Diego Garcia Island, its the co-pilots fault, no the captain, wait! Its a fire. No its a meteor. Why doesn't the media just admit they haven't a CLUE what happened and stop speculating before the truth gets lost in translation.
How did the Auto Pilot steer the plane in that direction?, did the pilot realize the plane was doomed and plotted that route. I am wondering what the Default mode of Auto Pilot would be, if the current coordinates are erased, would the program revert to a prior setting?.
Why this can't be. The last bit of news I heard from CNN was there was a suspected black hole that temporarily appeared, vacuumed the plane and its crew, then vanished into this space. It must be nice to have such a job and afford a little investigative journalism.
What happen to the phrase "All right, good night"? So there was a problem with the plane so the pilot said it's all good buddy, and then change direction and dive in the ocean? Somebody is dumber than a rock here.
or at that moment everything did seem fine.
If there was an issue on the plane that messed up their navigation systems and they tried to turn back, then why not just make a 180 turn and head back to your original position?
This scenario is garbage. This is becoming a cover up. If this plane went down we would have seen the debris. If there was anything other than something catastrophic, the pilots would have been able to send out a mayday. And there would have been debris. Especially because the plane was said to be flying at only 12,000'
Not if a fire had taken out communications gear. Passenger jets catch fire more than the public is aware of. Go check the FAA section of the federal registry.
I'm not buying it. The plane flew for another 7 hrs. They would have found an airport by then.
"Have the Malaysians finally stopped trashing the pilots?" Everybody had been trashing them. Apparently racism isn't a bar to getting #$%$ published on yahoo.
First the Pilots a Terrorist and planned the whole thing but now he may have tried to save the plane and may be a Hero. #$%$ is going on? and how about what this is doing to his surviving family and relatives. What fools these Malaysian officials are!
they cannot be a hero if they cant save anything..just fails..
I hope that the pilots did everything they could to save the passengers and airplane, and I hope that their families get an opportunity to know that, as that would make them "heroes", which they very possibly are.
I can understand how a pilot in a situation where the plane suddenly became out of control, could make all these turns, trying desparately to control the plane and get back to the airport in KL. I don't understand the lack of communication from the pilot, co-pilot, flight attendants, or passengers during all this time.
Sounds like you don't UNDERSTAND a lot of things.
Look son, you will never get anywhere in life by criticizing others -- and for no good reason. Instead, you should try a little harder to understand what is being said.
The people investigating this sound as component as the pilots of that aircraft. They don't know which way they are going.
@william: your bigoted comment is uncalled for, as is your misrepresentation of the pilots' abilities, which have been exhaustively examined. You may think you're cute, but you're not. Simply put, so you can understand it, you're pathetic.
F you Eddy. You little #$%$.
Doesn't make sense, if they were trying to save the plane(assuming their was something wrong with the plane) why would they have turned off communications?
The only problem with the fire theory: there's no way an airliner could continue to fly for six hours after a fire starting. It would all be over in a matter of minutes, if that.
If there were intruders inside your house, they would turned off all communications. They wouldn't want you to call the police for help. I think the suicide terrorists diverted the plane.
Yes and there are lots of places to safely land in the most remote part of the ocean. This article is a joke.
payne stewart plane flew for 3 hours , nothing was sent and when the jet fighters were scrambled they flew near the plane and could see that all were passed out , that plane crashed as well ,
pilots in emergency work in this order.. 1. aviate 2. navigate 3. communicate. Unfortunately it isn't uncommon for a pilot to never make it to the communicate part. Who is to say their radios didn't go down too. When other planes tried contacting them they just heard static.
If suicide terrorists diverted the plane, SOME group would have been announcing their responsibility long before now.
Let me translate this article: They are lying.
This is a good reminder that words matter - the media does it ALL the time to skew "stories" - there are no longer any journalists who report on things, just people who have an agenda. Think about what you see & hear.
Thank you for using skew correctly!
...and I agree; the standards of journalism, that is, the places people get their information, have slipped SO much, as any looney with a keyboard (yikes!) can title themselves "Journalist." Few have heard of Walter Kronkite and his famous, "Two independent sources" speech.
Absolutely, words matter. One phrase can be positive, another can be negative. I think it's not just media that skews stories. Governments do too (and the media just reprints them). We as individuals do too, we all have agendas and conspiracy theorizes and our own perspectives.
My thoughts as this "mystery" played out was that this plane has been hijacked and is sitting somewhere on the ground. I still believe it and until they find any evidence of a crash site, this "mystery" has yet to unfold.....all speculation of course !
Bull. No one made ANY sort of call or text. The transponders were turned off. The plane was re-routed in mid-air. Nothing here points to an accident. The re-routing of the plane points the intended flight path suggests it was heading towards the middle east, likely Pakistan. What the hell is going on here?
I still suspect the two Iranians on stolen passports to be involved in this somehow, a bomb, setting a fire... Maybe I am wrong be the whole idea of them using stolen passports with tickets paid for by a third party seems a little to weird and coinsidental to me...
I'm done reading or researching anything about this topic. It's just depressing to hear. What good will our opinions be on Yahoo?? No point. We won't be able to do anything about it now. Plus, the media keeps bsing this story.. first they said "Pilots may have caused this" and how they say" Pilots may have tried to save it".
Another thought just popped into my mind. If the trasponder stopped working. Then that plane could have been flown anywhere and no one would know where it went or where it is right now. Later.
No matter how they dress it up and make it sound like some accident or mechanical failure, the question remains: Why did the pilots consciously change course? If there was a problem that soon in the flight they could have returned to the airport. Yet they flew over it and over the ocean.
Maybe someone can answer this question for me. Immediately after the disappearance, the US said the plane crashed into the Indian ocean. If they just finished crunching the numbers to verify this, how did the US know that in the very beginning?
Because they knew that the "Legitimate" search would eventually take them to the Indian Ocean.
US tracking systems are the most high tech in the world but we civilians know very little about capabilities. Nor will we until such a time those of today become obsolete. My dad, a career Naval aviator, commander for a reconnaissance squadron would regale us with unbelievable stories, foreign activities of which we had absolutely no idea, BUT it was 20 years later and apparently no longer classified. In those days there were few if any "loose lips." Having grown up a Navy brat of a truly brilliant patriot, surrounded by highly capable people, has given me a somewhat biased view of military ops. If they are as advanced today as they were for the tines "back then" there is possibly far more information that can't be shared without exposing secure sources...
To be pedantic the 777 transponder cannot be turned off in flight from the flight deck. ie depowered with digits blank. There is no off switch, however there is a standy position which will stop it radiating. You would have to pull the circuit breaker to totally depower it. In flight on the 777 you never go to standby if you are given a change of squawk. The suggestion of taking off with main tank fuel pumps off is not a valid possibility. The electronic checklist would not tick itself off, and there are clues on the eicas screen. If you did take off like that and the engines failed in cruise you would get low pressure fuel warnings first and your radios would still be working normally. As to who made the last radio call. If the Captain is handling pilot the copilot would normally make the radio calls. However for various reasons i.e. the copilot out of the flight deck, copilot on the intercom to cabin crew , the Captain may have made the call. So role is not definitive proof. In the event of a fire you do not climb to snuff out flames. The 777 does not have a mach trimmer. Can a 777 get to FL450? In true mythbuster spirit we put this to the test in a 777-2 simulator. A 777 with a full load of passengers has a zero fuel weight of between 170 and 180 tonnes, say 175 tonnes. 8 hours of fuel is approximately 52 tonnes. So a takeoff weight of approx 227 tonnes minus a bit of taxi fuel. At that weight the FMS says Max Alt FL409. The plane will climb easily to FL410. Now it gets interesting. At FL410 There is a very small gap on the airspeed tape between the VMO and the yellow which is minimum manoeuvring speed. If you disconnect the autothrottle and firewall the thrust levers, then wait until the speed is about to trigger the VMO warning and then disconnect the autopilot and raise the nose you can do a zoom climb. Although into the yellow pretty quickly there is still a long way before you get to the red digits on the airspeed which is the point at which the stick shaker activates.. The elevator gets incredibly heavy as it is made artificially heavier as the Boeing 777 really doesn't want you to do this. With P2 pulling with all his might he still could not raise the nose to anywhere near 10 degrees. Putting the flight controls into direct mode made it easier. We got it to FL 443 at which point the stick shaker activated and P2 gratefully reduced the back pressure. This sim had GE engines. RR are a bit more powerful and if they had used an hour more fuel than our simulation I think it would have been feasible. Interestingly at FL440 the cabin alt was still at 8000 feet as per normal, so it must have used a higher diff than normal but still had not reached the max diff where the relief valve opens. As regards the possibilities: I believe the event probably started with the flight deck door opening and either a pilot exiting or someone else entering. I suspect someone with knowledge then deliberately disabled transponder, acars and satcom. As for the gradual depressurisation theory. I cannot buy that because the normal cabin alt is 8000, if it gently depressurised it might not be noticed but at 10,000 feet cabin alt there is a very loud horn and red "cabin Alt" warning. No pilot should be unconscious by this point, the passenger masks don't even drop until a cabin altitude of 14000 feet so they would have seen the warning at 10,000 feet and taken action. The rapid depressurisation theory and the pilots unconscious due to either failing to put masks on or failure of the oxygen system. This might have been a possibility except the transponder stopped radiating. In an emergency descent you do not touch the #$%$ of the transponder switch. I have never put a 777 transponder to sby in flight and it would be totally alien. The transponder selector #$%$ is not part of the emergency descent checklist. A massive electrical failure or smoke in the flight deck? Possible but extremely unlikely for it to all happen at once with no chance to get even a radio call out. Also flying for 5 more hours. Would it not be better to head for land then circle and get attention?
South Indian Ocean... isn't that where the U.S.S. Indianapolis went down? HUGE herds of hungry sharks out there.
let's drop some jews off there then...
This is a puff piece written to lessen Malaysia Air's liability and financial exposure....the facts point to pilot suicide. The abrupt change in direction, communications turned off, and evasive altitude changes to hide from radar detection indicate deliberate pilots' actions to ditch the airplane in the wide expanse of the Indian ocean. The pilots knew that with limited fuel and the plane's range, flying south guarantees a fatal crash in the middle of the ocean.
There is not even proof that the plane crashed in the ocean. Misinformation, speculation and lies from day one.
I fly at least a dozen flights a year, I want to know what happened. I would prefer mechanical failure-so would entire airline industry. Which leads me to believe, flying public will never know what really happened.
But ask Brian, he's the man for all the answers.....A genuine, "Mr. Know-It-All"
How does this sound as a theory? Terrorists took over the plane and did everything in their power to ditch it where it could not be found, but they had cohorts waiting for them to bailout of the plane and get picked up. Terrorists survive, all on board die and the black box is not found.
nice scenario, except that the motive of terrorists is to terrorize. if we don't know the aircraft was destroyed by terrorists, we are not terrorized. when they find that a/c in the southern indian ocean, I will believe it was an accident. until then, I expect it is hidden in some Islamic eden.
Kaz, It took some excellent flying to evade radar, to navigate with precision and to ditch in a place where it took so much effort and time to get to the right area. What if terrorists take credit for it in days to come?
I've said all along the there was a mechanical failure on that old plane, 1997 was the age of that plane. It should have been traded in long before it hit the bottom of the ocean. However, whales and other fish did receive a good meal for a change?
This whole story is being manipulated by media and governments to make people believe what they want us to believe. Not one shred of hard evidence has been found to explain the disappearance of this flight.
if the pilots were trying to "save the plane," they would not have been thousands of miles off course and if the repressive Islamic Government had been forthright, we would have answers. Instead, these idiots send a death text message to the families. WELCOME TO ISLAM!
Between the possible narrowing of the search area from satellite data and the reports of possible debris from the plane they've got a shot at finding the black boxes and other wreckage before the pinging dies. If the wreckage is miles down it will take a lot of effort, but they should have a good shot at finding a probable cause. Now right now I could spin out lots of scenarios including the plane being landed on a big dry lake or something. If a lot more evidence becomes available there will be a lot less conjecture and eventually a reasonable explanation should pop up.
Frank, I like your approach! Let's let the authorities sort this out and then conspiracy theorists can put their spin on it. ROFLMAO!!!!!!!
I do hope they find the wreckage and black boxes. The families deserve some answers.
The real story here is the persuasion and phony stories that consumed the last 2 full weeks of lamestream media......It is media activism and control...this writer gets it.
For the pilots family I hope that is the case. But right now just appears to be another thing they aren't telling truth about. Would lessen the amt. of monies paid to families too?
The pilot, and co-pilot are a couple of follk heroes if I've ever seen one. Plaques, medals, statues are in order. This may change by tomorrow though, so please stay tuned.
That doesn't explain why they would not have radioed to someone about what was happening. This article makes no sense.
I just wonder if any of the Western media that were so quick to theorize that it was Islamist extremists to blame are going to apologize for their continuing racist ignorance. Anytime Muslims are involved, it is automatically believed that Muslim extremists are to blame, thus painting an entire people as fanatics. Accidents and disasters happen to everyone!!
True. But are you trying to say there isn't a link between Islamic extremists and plane-based terrorism? For every IranAir 655, there is a PanAm103
The terrorist work of the Muslim Islamist extremist's is not over by any means. They are there plotting as we speak to commit atrocious acts against humanity. It's just a matter of time before they strike again.
My take is the Malayasians know exactly what happened and they are getting their legal and insurance teams ready to handle the lawsuits, getting the funds available. Case closed.
Regardless what kind of theories come out, new scientific "analysis" methods, or information, the mystery will not be solved until you can show us the bodies. Until then all of this is just empty words, jargon, and euphemisms for "I don't know what happened".
Everything reported is pure guesswork, opinions, and speculation. I will wait for the gospel truth to be printed in the National Enquirer Tabloid. Only then will the truth be known.
This story has been unreal from the start. Why would Malaysian Air retire the flight number out of respect for the passengers so quickly without supposedly not knowing what happened? Now they say they are lost without any concrete evidence. I'll stick to my theory and look forward to 9-11 this year and the reappearance of the plane. The passengers unfortunately have been all killed in this hijacking and the Malaysians are complicit in this crime against humanity.
Another theory is it was shot down after it was hijacked...So why won't the government just come out and tell the truth already. Good example for the younger folks to never lie as it gets harder to tell the truth as time goes on.
Damage control for the muslim pilots by the liberal media. Boy, that didn't take long.
The Malaysian Government's comical mishandling of this event brings to mind a quote by Montaigne: - Nothing is so firmly believed as what is least known. - Tragically, none of it is comical to the grieving families.
I am sorry for such a tragedy. The evidence is not there for us to pass judgment. But, perhaps the Malaysian authorities, are trying to convince people like me, to not fear Islam. Well, I don't, but I will NEVER board a plane operated by a Muslim Country PERIOD.
These dolts even are mishandling the cover up.
Sounds like they are qualified for the 'bama administration!
I was flabbergasted when I heard "pilot may have tried to commit suicide". I thought it total insanity. C'mon Malaysia!
I don't believe it went down until some wreckage is found. We're given conclusions about what probably happened and their is no evidence of it. No distress calls, turning off of transmitters and a calculated turn and then flying for hours with no other communications. Still too soon to say the plane went down and not a piece found
Sure would like to see better image of Pilot as he boarded plane. Even blurry he seems agitated and wound up.
I was reading that three or more Malaysian pilots had failed drug tests and were crystal meth addicts. Whether or not that article was true I don't know. Lots of terrorists are drug addicts and supplied drugs by terrorist groups.
No clue about that-though know if wife left me, next day my politics are thoroughly trashed by a sodomy charge, I would not be a happy guy.
Finally!!!!!! None of us knows what really happened. It might take years to find out...if ever. But for the media to consistently disparage these pilots is horrible. they having grieving families too. If it turns out they are totally innocent and it was mechanical....the families should sue CNN , especially Ashleigh Banfield, the new , obnoxious Nancy Grace
The wild card is that when you deal with muslim personell there is always the wacko factor. They turned off the transponder, all investigations and speculations must go from there.
This was a tragic accident. How do you know the "turned off the transponder"? Because Malaysia said so? What else have they said which we now know is wrong? Just because the transponder stopped working, does not mean it was turned off. We need to find out why it stopped working before we trash the names of two highly respected pilots, who were loved dearly by their family's, shouldn't we?
Worst conspiracy theory yet. Fox News Military Analyst said he has “source” that says the plane is in Pakistan. If Pakistan was involved, China would nuke them up, down and sideways.
Is that worse than the guy at cnn who claimed that the plane got swallowed up by a black hole?
^^He didn't claim that. He said he was getting tweets with wild theories like black holes and the Bermuda Triangle. What he actually asked was: "I know it's preposterous, but is it preposterous, do you think, Mary?" In other words, idiots keep saying, and I know it's crazy, confirm for me that it's crazy.
Catherine, you need to watch it again.
apparently you can't post a link on yahoo, even if you strip out much of it. just google it and you can see for yourself. I posted a literal exact quote.
Lol this article is so far off... If an A/V had a catastrophic failure at 36k it would be unlikely to ascend to 45k... Second, why is unlikely for a leftist to be a terrorist. Third: how dare you compare this to Air France's poor piloting on flight 447. That crash was pilot induced. Lol. I'm not trying to say what happened here, but man, ppl do more research on this please..
Pretty sure he said in the article that it was unlikely to ascend to 45k feet. Man...people read better before coming to the comments section.
This still doesn't explain why there was no communication from the plane. Even if the plane's communication system was knocked out, wouldn't cell phones work at 10,000 feet over land?
Too far from any cell tower, if the wifi was disabled. Satellite phones?
This story is well written and puts forth a reasonable explanation which leads me to a reasonable conclusion, COVERUP! We havent even found the plane and now cased closed please! Art Bell would even question everything said so far even those west of the Rockies.
Cooler voices are starting to be heard; good, I never bought any of the other #$%$ that was floated about. This plane was beset by a tragic series of events that will probably force the grounding of the other 777's. Both the pilot and co-pilot sounded from the get-go to be very professional imo.
Don't ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever have to rely on Malaysian technology. The Flintstones laugh at them.
the writer doesnt actually know ANY of this-its total speculation whilst the plane crashed many hours later so for the speculation to have any substance at all it has to incorporate subsequent known facts-few though they may be- especially how the plane got onto the bizarre course that it did
I'm sticking with the earlier theories of an alien abduction or a spontaneous combustion.
What plane and people? Where? This is the 199th report about something they never found. Report on they Malay authorities that failed. Dig deep for reporting news don't just follow any finger that points away from the source.
Sounds like Wag the Dog - anything going on in Crimea?
My story: the 2 Iranians tried to highjack the plane. The pilots refused and were killed. The plane had no pilot and flew until no more fuel. Sanseacabo!!
Yeah, because that's the way you've wanted the story to read from Day One so you could blame people that you hate. Instead facts are facts and the Iranians were seeking asylum and did not take over the aircraft. But that is too hard for you to fathom.
There could have been a short in the wiring that started a "toxic" fire,disabled the transponder and caused the lost of cabin pressure. Its a Big plane but its a small area for over 200 people to be in filled with a Noxious smoke. Burning plastic and the chemicals used to manufactured many of the parts will incapacitate a person very quickly. The Pilots probably had little notice until it was too late and did what they could before they were overcome.The plane probably flew on auto pilot after the pilots were unable to get back to a runway.
Who knows what to believe anymore. Now they decended to 12,000 feet and reached the middle of the Indian ocean? Impossible.
Fuel efficiency cut in half at that altitude.
The liberal press is still trying to milk this for ratings. Let it go.Let the families heal. Sick people.
No more sick than you trying to lay the blame on the "liberal" press for milking the story.
Ah! I was wanting for this, The public relations firms are now going to rebuilt the airline's reputation. It wasn't their employees, it wasn't the 2 Muslims with stolen passports, it was something went wrong with the most reliable airplane ever built. The Malay Government has ZERO credibility!
I call Baloney! Too many variables and shady details. Transponder shut off, ACARS shut off, no communications from ANYONE on the plane or the ground, altering course while you are over a land mass and not attempting an emergency landing, flying 750 miles off course away from land and over the ocean? Official explanation = hogwash.
Smoke and fire detectors should have given the crew enough time to make a may-day or other call to controllers.
Out of all the people on the plane nobody called, texted or was online in first class.
Then why didn't they put it down on land when they crossed over it again? Even if they didn't do anything but crash land it, doing that on land would give the passengers some chance. Flying it back out to sea gave then no chance.
To see or not to sea. 'I'm so confused!!
Because they were flying over forest, perhaps?
Forest was still a better chance than the middle of the Indian Ocean, doggy. How long can you hold your breath?
Another stupid irresponsible theory - who is this jackass that wrote this article. How about waiting for the black boxes to be recovered to find out the true reason?
After all the finger-pointing and blame games are over, I wonder just how many people originally survived the crash and then were left to die because everyone wanted to argue rather than take action.
This article is full of holes and inaccurate statements impossible to sort out here. Wait until the orange & yellow boxes are found....Then we will know.
Nope, the planes in Iran being fitted with a Destroy America-inator. Or Pakistan. Or Russia. Possibly Cuba. But for sure it didn’t crash because it was flown by Muslims and there were other Muslims on board thus terrorism is the only possibility. Not to mention that reasonable explanations do not belong on the Internet! Only conspiracy theories, conjecture and outright paranoia are allowed. It’s in the rule book.
Have they ever stated what "cargo" was on board? I'll bet something big. Here is my theory... Passengers and non-knowing/involved crew died when the plane climbed to +47000 feet. That made sure of no attempted contact by them to anyone. Then headed to far reaches where a freighter was waiting for the cargo and the pilots baiiled out and the plane flew on... till
I think they're still flying, gliding on the polar stratospheric winds. Drinks and peanuts getting dangerously low, though.
I, for one, hope they find the black box and find out what REALLY happened.
So coincidentally it flew to the most remote part of the ocean on the whole globe? And furthermore, if there was in fact a FIRE then then plane would have went down shortly after assuming all had died from smoke. !!!!!
Right fire is not reasonable not with 7-8 hrs addtl flying time n completely off course
Quit crying. Hopefully the truth will come out. The pilots as the issue is just one of many scenarios. Personally, next time I get on a place I will be quite nervous if someone with a mulslim or similar name is piloting. And thats sad.
WE WILL LEARN THE TRUTH WHEN THEY EITHER PRODUCE WRECKAGE OR A 777 FILLED WITH EXPLOSIVES KILLS A HIGH NUMBER OF INNOCENT PEOPLE SOMEWHERE IN THE WORLD. THE NEWS IS REALITY SHOW NOW. YOU NEED TO HOLD THEM ACCOUNTABLE FOR THEIR LIES.
I still believe the pilot-co-pilot ran the plane out of fuel in a deliberate attempt to sink the plane with as little debris field as possible,for this very reason,so it has not been found and has been in the news for weeks.
So convenient for Malaysian authorities to hypothesize that MH370 was lost over water in the most hospitable region on earth. If the powers at be wanted to hide the truth about the plane they would no doubt pick a place where the truth will never be found. Somethings not adding up. Obviously somethings happened and they're not willing to tell the public.
What ever happened to those 2 boys with the fake passports, I thought they were the guilty ones...I still think we had a good shot at getting them convicted for the Kennedy assassination....there goes that conspiracy theory.
Are you freakin kidding me...the Malaysian were "thrashing the pilots". Try again!! It's the media, in particular CNN and it's extensive panel of experts, and Fox News got involved only because the pilots were Muslims.
Seems to me that the most likely scenario was a catastrophic emergency that gave the pilots just a few moments to program in and execute a course correction (toward the nearest airport) before they were overcome and rendered unconscious. At that point, the plane had been set on a new course, and that's how it stayed until it ran out of fuel. It makes way more sense than anything else at this point.....
Where are your FACTS, scott?? Why are you following me around trying to insult me? Are you really that pathetic? That last one was rhetorical.....
first of all those Malaysian officials already lost all credibility, and secondly how did they "try" to save the plane without any emergency call/signal when they have time to reprogram the computer?
The pilot was upset because he was a fervent supporter of his country’s opposition leader who was jailed for homosexuality – illegal in Malaysia – only hours before flight MH370 vanished. Zaharie is an avid supporter of opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim, a distant relative, and may have attended a controversial court hearing where Anwar was jailed for five years. It took place only a few hours before the flight.
I heard that too, and funny how after they mentioned it ONE TIME on the news, it was never brought up again!!! You are the first person that has mentioned it on every board I have read. I guess everyone else didn't hear it on the news when they mentioned it! I believe the government of Malaysia is covering up. I am sure Malaysia didn't want to give in to the pilot and release Anwar, so the pilot and co pilot got off the plane and let it go, wherever!!! Or, they are still negotiating and plane and passengers sitting in a hangar in Pakistan. Also, the news stated the day before court (same day as flight), the pilot and his family moved.
getourtroopshome! click on my name and read all my comments about this pilot. He and his family didn't move, his family moved out of his house. They were separated but still living together with their 3 kids, and then she moved out the day before. I don't think the mystery woman who called him using a phone with a stolen identity right before he got on the plane was a mistress, but a political activist who often use phones like that.
Dear Malaysia goverment. People arround the world is not stupid as you thought stop playing game and telling them the TRUTH. As soon as they will found out the true about MH370 and your cover up..You the Malaysia goverment will face International crime
The plane blew a front tire on takeoff. The landing gear retracted into the belly with a smoldering rubber mess inside. For an hour, the smoldering continued, finally engulfing more of the tire, then the electronics console next to it, and then filling the plane with smoke. By the time the crew smelled the smoke, the electronics were mostly killed, and the plane unflyable.
maybe. More reasonable than other conspiracy theories out there.
There was an article I believe in Italy over a week ago where a pilot suggested that there was an electrical fire which would account for everything that has been discovered so far. The flight's change of course was to take him to the closest airport (which pilots have in their thoughts at all times) but he ran out of time when the plane finally plunged into the Indian Ocean. Looks like this is becoming the reality...
KC?, so there was no way to communicate from passengers??? you are the idiot.
Just report the facts and stop with the speculative assumptions. I am surprised the Democrats have not started with a spin to reduce American's rights.
The point of this article was that the Malaysian government was using this opportunity to demonize its political opponents. And what do we do? Turn around and use this opportunity to demonize our political opponents in the USA.
Until the black box data is examined....everything the media reports about these senerios about the pilots, passengers, ect., are pure speculation based on guesses, not facts. In my opinion, it's bad journalism.
Another case of the media spinning what few facts they have into 24/7 entertainment.
I know where the plane is. You know where the plane is. The governments of the world know where the plane is. Admit it and acknowledge the gorilla in the room. The plane is light years away on an alien life sustaining planet. Everyone is happy in their new home and I am sure they are getting treated like celebrities
Any reporters that hinted at the flight crew engaging in a criminal act, thus calling them murderers without actually saying the word should be fired and never given a job in journalism again. I hope every single one of them is sued for slander.
Read the article The Malaysian Jetliner: A Non-Conspiracy Theory by an experienced pilot. This senario makes a lot of sense and I don't know why they haven't considered this
Thumbs down people, why would you discount this senario? Please let me know so I can know if I should continue posting this theory.
Gun..Did you read that article? I thought he stated that the plane would have just continued on the direct course after the turn. If you look at Google Earth, it is a pretty compelling argument. You can trace a line from that airport down to the same longitude and lat. that some of the "debris" has been found
what a stupid #$%$ article. american authorities were the ones initially pushing and then perpetuating the story it was a hijacking... the malaysians followed that narrative afterwards.
I bet the pilot was up doing coke and screwing all night with a beautiful stewardess before turning the plane upside down and desperately trying to save everyone on board even though they would blame him later!
It seems like every day they are looking for someone new to pin this on. The only one that seems to have escaped the target on their back is Boeing. I think the very idea that a faulty aircraft could have caused this would have enormous impact on air travel and therefore it's the last place they will look.
No it won't because a lot of people have to depend of flying to do there jobs.The TWA flight 800 crash was due to an allegedly malfunction with the airplane and that didn't stop people from flying after that.
After demonizing the pilots for 2 weeks (without facts) the peolpe in the know say, now that the few facts are known and properly examined , that the pilots did everything that they could in a catasphrphic situation on board the aircraft ( if one occurred).
sure, they turned off communications, and turned the plane in a totally opposite direction, and they were trying to save the plane?
Awwww What a Bumma , the other stories were far better for the media to hype up and speculate to suicides, and hijackings, or terrorists. This is just too boring to report on now.
now wait just one freaking minute. wasn't it just yesterday that the plane had been flown to some un-named Muslim country so that it could be modified to carry a freaking atomic bomb and crash into some un-named christian target? you nutcases are just sick moe foes.
Speculation. Actually nobody knows nuttin. Look for the hanger where the plane is located in a friendly country to Russia, the bag of passenger cellphones they collected and a secure place where the passengers are being housed. Well that makes as much sense as anything else.
Before we had Obama mandated stories in the Federal controlled media, many journalists were heralded for their investigative research. Now, we have Rent-a-Robot reporters, who suck on Obama's genitals to stay in good favor for their next monetary reward
The 'author' of this article - Clive Irving - is an idiot.
The "knowledge" that the plane flew to 45,000 ft has been out there for almost 2 weeks and yet no one EVER questioned that until now? Now they are saying that didn't happen but instead the plane descended to 12,000 ft?
Maybe the Malaysian officials wanted someone dead on the plane.
Why haven't they considered a hijacking to Somalia? The plane could have easily been flown under the radar to Somalia which is closer than Perth, Western Australia? They are known for their Pirates!
Anyone who was quick to judge this terrible incident is an idiot, so I'm glad I didn't and never gave up on other possible scenarios of what could have happened. Everyone likes to be so negative these days and I hope people learned to stop jumping to conclusions without all the facts because we like to be lazy and believe everything we read or hear on tv.
Yet another person trying to deflect from all the real signs that something deliberate happened. These planes are designed to handle minor problems. A major problem, such as explosive decompression or a fire, do not lead to a complete loss of ACARS and any other system such as it. For a fire to do that would require major damage, which would typically also be enough to down the plane much earlier.
What's the rush to cover up the truth with speculation? We can just say we don't know, that's the way you learn things is by admitting you don't know but the British are attempting to cover-up the truth with computer speculation as their proof of what happened to Malayian Flight MH370 but the world will not be fooled.
What a bunch of phoney baloney..really?.....I'm no pilot, but if my plane was in distress, one of the first, or simultaneous things I would do, would be to notify people of my location and the nature of the distress, through automated and/or manual means..i.e. the radio and whatever else at their disposal..
When the plane turned around why didn't the pilot try to return to the airport? The fact that he didn't tells me he was either incapacitated or it was pre meditated on his part or someone elses.
This is NOT like Payne Stewart plane incident. The hard left turn the plane made was PRE PROGRAMMED. Additionally, this couldn't have been a fire because the plane wouldn't have lasted 5-7 hours. This is pilot and or co pilot suicide so now we have to determine if it was terror related
Reuters and the Associated Press are saying that Britians claim of what's happened to Malaysian Flight MH370 is bogus without proof. All computers which is the only source of proof British authorities give as evidence will give speculations just like people do which in not proof. I agree with China, the British are full of Chese.
Obviously, this version of events does not sit well with the tinfoil hat wearing crowd.
I have said a million times, UFO!!! UFO!!!! Come on folks, do you all seriously believe we are alone in this or any other Galaxy¿ Look at the new FOX Show, COSMOS. The government is preparing you all for the News that there are other, higher intelligent life forms out there. Just pray you're not the next one they come and snatch!!
@Carol, every Sunday there is a program on cable. It's called "Declassified UFO Documents". Seeing several programs already. Yes, government has been covering up about UFO'S for years. But I don't believe a UFO was involved with the MH370 plane missing.
@Ladybug, where is the plane then¿ They will never find it, not one spot of oil spill, it's gone, and I'm truly sorry for the people aboard and their families!!
First the Malaysian authorities were accusing the pilots of ditching the airplane into the ocean. Now they are saying that they tried to save the airplane. Let's face it, these idiots in Malaysia don't know what the (f)vck they are talking about.
What is someone smoked like someone did in a lavatory several years back? I cannot remember if that plane actually crashed, but their were injuries.
This whole thing appears orchestrated. Systems turned off and extreme elevations changes as well as direction. If the plane was flying for hours after last contact, some communication would have occurred whether from the flight crew or passengers (phones).
If they were unable to communicate, then that means a major power malfunction. The 777 has 8 power sources. So if ALL of them were taken out? The plane would crash. If only some were taken out, then the pilots should have been able to communicate.
read all my comments by clicking on my name to see all the suspicious reasons the pilot did it.
I think that the Russians tried to annex the aircraft and the pilots refused. Thus the Russians had no choice but to shoot it down.
This is a case of an insane pilot. Thought so from the beginning.
What proof do they have that this is the airline? How can they make this conclusion WITHOUT any concrete proof? I believe they are lying and the truth is more bizarre than fiction!
"Have the Malaysians finally stopped trashing the pilots?" I'm sorry. I didn't realize this was Fox News Online. I stopped reading your article when I saw that hack opening line. Appears as though you learned journalism at an advertising school. I'd be ashamed of that kind of work.
This article is full of opinion and speculation. It's not news.
I'm wondering what all those passengers did during all those hours. Were they unaware that the plane had turned? Did they question why their cell phones did not work? Did anyone try to storm the cockpit, at least for answers? Many questions.
Hopefully they were dead already--otherwise it must have been terrifying--Even if they did not know the pilots were incapacitated at first--the crew members would have figured it out and word would have spread
Lies and more lies. They were sent to hell for their false religion (islam or communism).
But the Christians onboard were sent to heaven right? I always think it's good when people condemn others to hell for not following their believes, it shows that compassion is for the one true religion.
Hardly seems possible they were saving the plane since the U turn was pre programmed into the autopilot and then the plane flew in a serpentine pattern to avoid radar and the pilot erased his hard drive on his simulator. Or the media was WRONG and just blowing smoke up our........... Honestly this story hasn’t been worth reading from the beginning. Until they have the black boxes and can piece any evidence together this will continue to be a media circus.
Unfortunately, thoughtful professional Muslim pilots who are trying to look out for the safety of their passengers doesn't match the bigoted Fox News nonsense narrative.
Hello????? If the pilots were having trouble they would have radioed back, they didn't. Sounds like either they were forced to do this act, or did ths intentionally, but one thing i do know is the cockpit is always locked for safety so if they were threatened in anyway they would have made this known somehow. All was silent which sounds intentional to me.
If whatever happened on the plane knocked out the transponder, might it also have knocked out the radio system as well?
So far the only 2 facts we have are the Malaysian government suck at problem solving and telling the truth.
It's NOT the Malaysian government, but the EXPERTS who are NOT telling the truth
Another worthless article full of speculation and wrong facts.
Malaysia does not want the label of being a terrorist producing country and will say anything to prevent being labeled/classified with dubious honor.
Could this plane have been deliberately taken out by the goverment of Malaysia? Did they see something on the home flight simulator computer?
I doubt the Malaysian government could do anything deliberately and succeed.
There has been a thousand articles on this plane, and now they are stating the plane crashed. How can you say anything happened, if there is NO evidence?
The only thing we know for certain is that we don't know squat. As much as all the "experts" who have been paraded in front of the camaras would like you to believe they have the answer, they don't. Therefore we can't rule anything out. There is a very real possibility that we will never find the plane giving fertile ground to the conspiracy theorists for years to come.
I am pretty good at writing sensationalistic fiction. Can I get a job as a reporter at The Daily Beast? I really need the work to pay my new Obamacare premiums.
Why don't you write about your trailer park.
This is a real mystery; We know the plane didn't crash, obviously, because they would've found debris by now. And we know it didn't land because someone would've spotted it. What gives?
Nothing gives, just wait for the experts to find the debris
reason MAS gave responses they gave was to satisfy "Public's need to know demands." Even after 2 weeks there are some who still don't even understand why phones wouldn't work. Non-working phones means plane on way to iran. Pilot was Muslim, has to be bad guy. Maybe black hole or aliens. MAS tried to appease people, many US citizens who had no clue about anything. Now back to square one in terms of blame.
You say black hole, or aliens. Is yo referring to the Kenyan alien, bro? Jest wondering
Go talk stupid on some GOP troll board you piece of garbage. Plenty of political stories for your type to stick to. Are you able to type very well with that white hood over your pointy head?
I like that the media played a huge part in vilifying the pilots over the past 2 weeks and now that more facts are being discovered, they are placing the blame on the Malaysians and pretending to be innocent.
That's why they're called the drive-by-media.
If they allege the plane has problems, why didn't the plane just return to the airport instead of flying over 7 hours away from Malaysia? Why didn't the Malaysian authorities scramble jets when the plane went back over Malaysian airspace? Why did the Malaysian authorities delay by 5 days information on the satellite info when it was forwarded to them in a timely manner? It seems they are now trying to wipe it clean and trying to avoid being sued by the families! Clearly, the pilots turned off the switch, crossed over back over Malaysia without them being concerned who was crossing over their airspace especially if they cannot identify it? It seems more and more likely that the Malaysian authorities withheld information, lied about the direction the plane went until the US and other countries provided concrete proof of what likely happened. Only then, did they admit to it and by then, it became much harder to lie as most countries were all using satellite photos to find the plane. It is shameful the way the Malaysian authorities have handled the investigation from the very start. Hopefully, they find the black box because it will prove that the pilots did turn it off deliberately.
Let's wait until tomorrow morning. Someone's going to confiscate that debris and examine it. The truth is out there. We will find the answer. So this tragedy won't happen again to someone else.
One thing is sure. I won't ever fly on Malaysian Airlines! You cannot trust these guys to even help find your body in the event of a crash!
You don't know all the facts...Everyone is saying that the way the plane disappeared was an unprecedented mystery. Why don't you reserve judgement and jumping all over the place making accusations
Virgil Virgil Virgil. Me shakes Wookiee head.
So here you are ... everything is great .... BAM - explosion - radio out - electronics haywire - smoke in cockpit - Panic. Fire. Cant see because of smoke. Copilot jumps up shuts off breaker. Pilot hits button to change route (because he has it preprogrammed as part of emergency routine). You reach for oxygen mask 3 - 2 - 1 seconds you take - but you pass out from no oxygen and die. Fire burns - all oxygen consumed. Passenger oxygen supply lasts 12 minutes. Air crew dons their portable oxygen but with the terrorist proofed cabin door can't break into cabin. Fire continues to burn electrical harness. It takes out the satellite communications equipment before it stops burning because of lack of oxygen. Air crew continue to try and break down cabin door, but they can't. Plane flies on - autopilot fails because of electrical fire - plane continues flying but changes course with air chop and turbulence because no one to correct it manually. Air crews oxygen runs out of the portable containers. They die too. Then plane flies until it runs out of fuel and crashes in remote Indian ocean. If you think that cant happen just like that - then you have never been in a hazardous working environment.
Dave….And there is a fire and yet, the plane flies 7 hours? It would have been burnt to a crisp long before then! And they were already over Malaysia so, why didn't they crash land instead?
SI…..True. I don't know all the facts but, the plane was over Malaysia and did not try to crash land if there is a problem? Malaysian authorities had satellite info which they withheld for 5 days. They did not scramble jets when an unidentified plane crossed their airspace? How about the fact that Malaysian authorities themselves said the pilots turned off the transponder then, now they say the pilots tried to save the plane? If there was a fire, the plane would have crashed and not able to fly another 7 hours? I hope they find the black box because it would prove that the pilots in fact deliberately turned it off!
Here's waht happened: The pilots be actin' cray. They made a deliberate turn away from their intended route at a perfect time in ATC land (inbwteen 2 different countries) They climbed to FL450 to depleat the oxygen to get the pax hypoxic to die while they were sucking on extra bottles. the descend to below radar covereage/where oxygen is not needed as well. They have a 7 hour joy ride. The probably barrel rolled in into the ocean and getting drunk for the mini bottles in the back. This was pre planned.
Obama KICK Russia out of G8. The liberal media reported that Obama went to Europe to persoanlly KICK Russia out of G8, which is now G7, and soon will be G0 after Obama is done kicking everyone's butt.
Three days from now we will learn that aliens took over the plane.
Bill O'Reilly had this 100% right all along - plane crash. He explained his logic over a week ago. What did the other media idiots do...bring in a psychic? Speculate about a black hole swallowing the plane? You may not like him, but give the man credit. O'Reilly bats 1000 on this story...
If the pilot was trying to save the plane, he certainly did very poor job. He ended up flying opposite of the intended direction for 1000's of miles (toward the south pole!) over the Indian Ocean where there was no possible place to land. This "trying to save the plane" theory seems the least likely one posed. +
#$%$. IF there was a fire caused by batteries the plane would have had AT MOST 20 min. Research has proven that 8-20 min is the max survivability of this aircraft, NOT 7 HOURS of level flight. Stolen passports, pilots taking secret cell phone calls immediately before takeoff from a phone that was bought using a stolen identification. Israel increasing air defenses 3 fold.. and oh yeah, muslims. The supposed area of impact is dead smack in the middle of highly trafficed trade lanes. SOMEONE would have seen the fireball or at the very least wreckage in the morning daylight. These governments are buying time with all this #$%$ about spotting white objects in the middle of the freaking ocean. Something is afoot and they are lying, trying to hold back and entire world, literally, from panic.
What does the fact that there are muslims on board have to do with anything. There are fanatics from every religion.
Another meaningless story......Fist lets reconstruct the events...The plane made a U turn over the gulf of Thailand, ok smoke, fire, whatever emergency happened as this story alludes to..the plane turned around in search of landing area..hmmm it passed completely over Malaysia...ALL communications were off by this time...hmmm do you know how many redundant systems there are for communications, the fact the transponder was not sending a signal is a significant. Now if we believe the plane flew on it's own accord for 7 hours after last contact...really...and crashed into the SOUTH Indian Ocean....why would the pilot turn the plane south...Put it down in a rice paddy, a valley...anywhere that you might have a chance at survivors...not a choppy OCEAN so turn the plane north....Thailand, China, Mongolia, Russia...etc..would be easier to find on land if in fact the pilots knew there was a catastrophic malfunction with aircraft...NOT ONE MAYDAY OR ANY SIGN OF alert from the pilots or the plane.....
Search the countries known for harboring terrorists , look for signs in the hills and deserts pointing toward a runway , large clearings in the middle of no where , and heavy brush and forestry surrounding it. 239 people are being held captive in some a hole's Holy war , and a Boeing 777 is gonna be used to deliver the next strike. With 11 countries engaged in a multi-National search , even subs being used , sonar and all the other technologies , it's time to wake up and smell the roses , those pings from the cockpit's transponders , and black boxes weren't pinging cause they were disabled before the search began. Get the son's a beaches before they use that good plane in yet another attack , find the plane and you may find a couple hundred still alive as POW's !
People have no control over "black Box" pingers. The pinger is activated by the seawater.
It's been fairly well established now that the airplane ended up in the south Indian Ocean. Among other things wrong with that weird statement...
Who has proof of that or is it another media muppet speculating ?
Or there could have been an electrical short in the council that started a fire. The pilots turn off all non essential equipment trying to put out the fire. They then turn towards then nearest airport and descend and somewhere along the way they lose conscience from smoke and the auto pilot continues flying until the plane runs out of fuel in the southern Indian ocean. There are plausible scenarios that don't include any wrongdoing or pilot error.
yes, but this explanation is not sexy enough for the media. Just a normal accident means no viewership.
The transponder is not something you can easily get to, to turn off. During any emergeny, the LAST thing someone is going to be doing is trying to get to the transponder, to turn it off. Not to mention on autopilot, the plane would have continued west by south west, as the Thai military claimed, not as DNCNN and the libmedia claim south by south west. Which would have carried them over Indonesia and near two cities that have International airports, which would have seen them, but DIDN'T. So to fit the current BS, they would have had to change directions after flying north of Indonesia and then turned south.
they did turn south west according to Malayia military straight over their air space. The Thai claimed the same and so did Inmarsat.
As an amateur pilot even I can say that if the facts here are true, those pilots would have NEVER done it intentionally - even if they wanted to die, all it would have taken is a push on the yoke. The activity in the air says to me that the aircraft was out of control.
How dare the Malaysians try to spin a story without any real facts? Everyone knows that is the media's job.
Try this one. The pilot upset over the imprisonment of his political idol is further depressed by his wife and children leaving him days before the flight. Now the pilot with a growing grudge against society/world decides to take his own life but he isn't going alone. In flight he kills the co pilot, switches off transmitters, secures the cabin, and makes the necessary course changes that result in plane running out of fuel and crashing west of Australia .
I don't buy this , and yet another , speculation from the inept media.Any plane in trouble gives a mayday.
So what do they do if the fault starts in the radio system - use mirrors and Morse code??? Maybe they open a window and shout 'Help'. #$%$!!
If this were not so hilarious it would be hilarious.
Wow what a terrible article this person wrote.
WHATTTTT!!!!!???? NO ISLAMO-TERRORISTIC PILOTS as so many posts and news reports have been suggesting. Now, this "new information is out and so many are changing stripes: BUNCH OF HYPOCRITES. THERE IS STILL SOMETHING DEFINITELY WRONG WITH WHATEVER HAPPENED BUT THE TRUTH WILL BE SLOW IF FORTHCOMING AT ALL. PEACE.
B.S., If they we able to fly to a remote area of the Indian Ocean then they could have landed the plane on land at a much closer site. Pure speculation with no facts.
Except that, it would have been on radar.
Can we please stop with this dog and pony show! Just be honest and tell everyone that the plane is sitting in the desert somewhere being prepped for an attack and that we are searching for it to try and prevent any terrorist activity! We all know danm well that's what happened!
Since there is NO evidence at all, nobody knows.
There were 26 computer geeks and special engineers aboard and the stuff they were taking back to China was extremely important to somebody.
The pilot supported a jailed GAY politician, so it isn't hard to figure out that gays were molesting the passengers and then crashed the plane. I'm sure the children were the first victims. I'm so fed up with these perverted gays.
Wonder what really happened. Sounds like smoke and mirrors now hiding what really went on. As usual we are given a bunch of crap to hide the truth. Probably was some type of terrorist act and what about the two guys using fake passports?
They were asylum-seekers. Authorities have ruled out any ties to terrorism--they were just trying to start a new life.
Those with agendas have exposed themselves. They had better hope the wreckage is never found.
Really? You mean to tell me you haven't heard folks desperate to promote the terrorism theory? or desperate to deny it in favor of mechanical failure, or lithium batter ignition without a shred of evidence? Did it ever occur to you to ask why these ideas are actively "promoted", or do you believe everything you hear?
tried to save it? then why fly it to a section of ocean where it's described as a washing machine, where no one could find it, where the black boxes would never be found? they meant to fly it there and meant to crash it where it would disappear forever.
The Malaysian airport was right there because the plane flew back over it and yet, it did not try to crash land if it was in trouble? That would have been the most logical thing to do to save some lives!
You solved it! It was a dastardly deed for sure! Nancy Grace said so! Lets re-kill all the guilty dead people!
I think the Malaysian government is trying to place the blame on Boeing so they can get compensation. Besides, if this crash was caused by their pilots, who would dare to fly Malaysia Airline given that it is a Muslim country? I myself never flew Malaysia Airline, and I never will. When I go to Asia I only fly airlines owned by American companies, even they may charge me more.
I still think it was 1 of 2 things, first poisonous gas went thru the airplane, but with the transponder shut off, that would be a manual procedure and also no communication , with the departure control, also indicates that it was controlled by someone, therefore it was a suicide trip by one of the pilots OR my first theory was that it was landed at some abandoned military base from ww2 or Vietnam.
Like a good friend of mine said a long time ago.....opinions are like people's backsides......everybody has one. I really do hope that they, whoever "they" may be, somehow find out what really happened here at least for the those who lost friends and family. We may never really know!
There is a setting on the transponder called standby. The pilot probably was in the process of changing his transponder code to 7700 (emergency) and switched to standby before changing the code and hitting the "ident" button on transponder. This would have lit up the radar like a Christmas tree if he was able to complete the action. But hypoxia overtook him and his co-pilot.
Obama KICK Russia out of G8, the liberal media machine reported. LOL LOL LOL no wonder no one on this planet, except some dumb Americans, have any respect for the dude. He ordered, he demanded, and now he kicked. These three verbs describe Obama very well. LOW LIFE SOB
Where did you hear that story?
I don't buy this convoluted story. In an emergency a crew doesn't head out to the remotest part of the ocean, they head for land. There is none where they are said to have went down.
The ONLY person I heard stating that this was all a bunch of garbage this entire time was Bill O'Riley. Like him or not, that is the truth!!!
I like Bill, but like you and me, he wasn't there, so no he doesn't know the truth.
Bill O'Riley is a bunch of garbage, like Joe McCarthy.
no mayday, flight simulator data deleted, transponders turned off...please don't patronize me with your this 'pilot is a hero' b.s. - it's more likely he's a mass murderer.
I am no way disputing a mechanical catastrophe that resulted in an aircraft flying for 7.5 hours and crashing into the Indian Ocean. but the question remains as to at what point there is no cell phone communication from 239 people, were the pilots overcome by smoke if there was a fire, were the passengers overcome by smoke. I would be very interested in hearing someone more knowledgeable than me about these things how 239 people lost cell phone communication while surely they knew there was something drastically wrong.
Well, when you are flying a few hundred miles away from the nearest cell tower, the reception can be a little scratchy. But otherwise I agree - this is, and will remain weird until all pieces of the puzzle are made to fit together.
cell phones really? what do you think they are over the usa and its many cell towers.
ahhh....news flash.....ZERO cell towers in the ocean.... SURPRISE!!!!!!!
Without cell towers the cell phones wont work. There are no cell towers in the Indian Ocean.
My cell phone gets no service when I fly and I'm sure theirs don't either. My guess is that plane was being flown until it ran out of fuel on purpose. I would guess that the older pilot was involved.
Have you ever tried to use a cell phone at altitude? It will not work. You are way too far away from cell towers. Not to mention the plane was over water at the time.
With all the wealthier people on that plane, no one had a satellite phone?
Jeffrey, there are many areas in the US that don't have cell phone towers either. Try driving through the western part of Texas and see what kind of reception you will get.
Not just Texas. Try many of the mountain and intermountain areas! Try using a cell phone in some of the larger national parks out west (away from lodges and restaurants).
wow another person that has zero logic. First off in a plane you get zero cell phone coverage anywhere. Secondly go just 20 miles off shore, no coverage there either. Third even on the mainland on the ground there are many area that have no coverage. Unless the people in the fight had satellite phones they are not contacting anyone. And that is if they are able to. There could have been explosive decompression which disabled everyone.
The media have promoted bigotry from day one. Oooohhh....since the pilots are Muslims, they MUST have DELIBERATELY took the plane and perform from heinous act. Shame on the lot of them. This probably turns out to be a simple case of catastrophy on the plane much like described from one of the Pilot who went through something close to this before. Malaysian military is inept to be sure. An unidentified aircraft entered your air space and you just sit there and....watch??? a simple scramble of military jets would have this cased solved long ago.
So what you're saying is that you have no idea what happened? Seems like a lot in the media should have been saying that for two weeks now instead of regurgitating complete speculation.
The plane was remotely controlled over manual ? New technology ! Jet computer and nagvigation was taken over.
if only they'd been able to make an emergency call by SOMEONE on the plane.
No telephone coverage in the part of the Pacific Ocean where they were.
satellite satellite satellite phones etc etc etc My god, they didn't fly the whole time without any coverage
He sure did, didn't he? You would know, because you're an expert.
So Malaysian pilots are trained to shut everything off,never radio in an emergency,then fly to the remotest ocean spot that they can find? After reading this kaka,I was asking myself....so what is Malaysia covering up?
They didn't try to save anything, I love these fake stories.
I think the best people to answer questions concerning technical failures that could result in such events and failures would be the Boeing technical engineers. An engine fire could cause a pilot to rapidly decend in an attempt to put out a fire if the systems in place failed but the maintenance data Boeing received didn't indicate that or we would have heard about it. In 1987 I took part in a study by the FAA called the aging airline study after several accidents occured due to explosive decompression. The reason for the study was to guage a human inspectors ability to accurately use eddy currents to locate proplems in panels due to corrosion. I think that maintenance is the first thing to go if a budget is tight or a Corporation is greedy. In a case of explosive decompression, what systems could have been effected? If everyone was dead and a sole pilot saw this after recovering from the disaster, its posible that he was in shock and couldn't live with the accident so he decided to go down with the ship. I do know that flying over the water promotes corrosion.
The only thing we all know for sure, is that the people handling the investigation are incompetent.
Why didn't they jump out with the parachutes?
You are joking, aren't you? If not, I'll reply.
This is an opinion piece which attempts to make the facts fit a preconceived agenda. Do not try to pass this off as news
Speculation has been rampant from the beginning and it looks like this article blames the Malaysian officials for fanning the flames. Seems to me they tried to not say anything, but were pressure to divulge any little scrap of info long before it could be checked. Nothing has explained the sudden drop in communications, but one gets the feeling the crew was disabled in some way and the plane flew itself most the way into the ocean.
Aliens ???? Seriously ???? Let's Just Blame the *ILLUMINATI* !!!!! Oh Wait --- That's Selling Your Soul To The Devil … hmmmm, Now there is a THOUGHT !! ijs
It is most coincidental that the date is precisely in the ebb of interest in 9-11: exactly half a year later. Someone is trying to keep us on our toes. Lest we forget?
I am going to make a bold prediction. Due to this flight accident...in the future we wil have not only the black box, but we will have heavy duty indestructible selfcontained camcorders both in the cockpit and in the cabin that will keep a record of what happened...and it will all be played back on a reality tv show. then people will kind of look forward to airplane accidents.
What if the discovered something horrible on board like a bomb and the only way to insure less casualties was the crash the plane and have the bomb or whatever go off in the middle of no where.
confusion and diversion - that's what this government is doing . kind of sounds like our current administration the past 6 yrs. i still think there' s something sinister still lerking
These people have not mastered the finer points of not telling the truth like the united states has. long live the liberal progressive twist on reality.
This writer knows no more than any of us. No news here, just an excuse for writing an article. The pilots are just as suspect as before this list of excuses. And other explanations are still just as valid, too.
BS! They simply won't admit a Muslim committed suicide!
what likely happened is that the plane got caught in a storm cell and the plane spun around and the pilots got disoriented and flew out over the ocean without realizing it. it was probably really foggy out as well since they were over the ocean. this stuff happens all of the time this time of year.
"the plane got caught in a storm cell and the plane spun around and the pilots got disoriented and flew out over the ocean without realizing it . . . this stuff happens all of the time." No, Pete, it doesn't. Not at "this time of year," not ever.
No one knows what happened. But turning around doing almost a 180 makes no sense if there was a true emergency. Period.
Tom, you are incorrect. WIth an in-fight emergency, current dogma is to divert to the nearest airport that can handle the plane and that has the facilities that can handle the effects, if any, of the emergency. That diversion airport may very well behind the plane. And before you say 'but, but, but, they didn't communicate with ATC!" The fact of the matter, with a severe in-flight emergency, communicating with ATC is at the bottom of the priority list for dealing with the emergency.
Tom, did you even read, let alone comprehend, the article?
The last time was on twice I member they said twice before the last time they had him on the TV with the lightens on that one time was so funny. I can't say it really any more clearerer!!!
I still go with my first theory. Rapid decompression in the cabin!
I agree with you, James. That or smoke that killed them all quickly.
Only an aircraft of advance technology could disable everything in that plane. That aircraft appeared on radar flying at Mach 3. An unidentified flying object was responsible for this. The Malaysian government cannot say the jet went down or vanished because it encountered a UFO. So, they covered it all up, no wreckage no nothing.
I heard you 2InchCock does Mach 3 up you BoyfriendsHairyAss
Well, this makes it sound like the lithium batteries that were in the cargo hold caught fire. Which is pretty reasonable. But why so long? Is this the truth or a logical sounding coverup?
This was a 777, not a 787. Did you even read the article?
It was carrying cargo, Dean. So yes, it seems I paid more attention than you.
They turned off the transponder! Period. If they were trying to save the plane #$%$. That is a fact not a guess. Yahoo again with your protect Muslims at all costs attitude.
I read Obama had the aircraft taken down to divert everyone's attention away from his failed domestic and foreign policies.
I heard that on Fox News tonight!
What a great forum for political rants! You found the place! You are right on point with the tragedy here! Good Job!
Saying no time to send distress signal is ridiculous.
People, take heed with what Brian says...He is a man of high esteem in his field, knowledgeable in many diverse fields of engineering. Why, just last week I loaned him a small pack of balsa wood so he could complete his minature hand held glider for a school project that obsoletes paper airplanes.
I'm still trying to figure out why the flight crew has the ability to turn off transponders in the first place. Anybody have any idea why this is even possible to begin with?
fire in the cargo hold near electronics bay
Next headline.... The 2 Iranian Muslims allowed to board with stolen passports MAY HAVE served tea during the last 6 hours of their flight, and let in a singing of cumbiya while comforting little children.... Of course I could just be SPECULATING!
Aw man, the CIA was so excited about a terrorist plot. Now you've gone and completely rained on their parade with science, logic and rational thought. I can feel a severe depression setting in on the rightwingnut faction too.
More speculation that does not advance knowledge of where the plane actually is now. It avoids an explanation of how it was switched from a WNW heading toward Sri Lanka, presumably to reach an emergency landing place, to a SSW heading into the open Indian Ocean and certain disaster, and why the pilots would do that.
There is no missing plane, The whole story was designed to give outdated news commentators like Greta, Hannity, Kelly, and Geraldo something to do, and to keep the rest of the news media off Obamas back.
you moron! Go back to school.
The copilot casually said "Good Night" to the air traffic controller, then within moments the plane made a carefully controlled turn toward the southwest, resumed straight flight, and continued. No, of course the pilot(s) were not behind this. No, of course we all believe in the tooth fairy. The plane decided on its own to make that turn. The command pilot was probably already dead with a knife in his chest when the copilot took over and turned the plane, smiling and mumbling "Allah Akbar" to himself.
JimR only thing you overlooked here is the fact that the pilot himself was also Muslim so that theory doesn't make sense.
What an imagination! Except that it would not make any sense to take over a plane just to fly it for 8 hours until it ran out of fuel and crashes into the ocean. More than likely something happened and they tried to get the plane back, but they passed out (along with all the other passengers) before they could complete the return. On auto pilot the plane just flew until it was out of fuel.
since he is gone too, what was his purpose, and we have heard from no one to say they killed a bunch of people in the name of some sicko cause. This is just what your sin of bigotry wants to believe in order to justify hatred. I know Islam has more whack job terrorists than other religions, because they have more illiterate under educated medieval cultures in their world, but not every last one of them is a terrorist, most are just normal moms and pops with families to raise. So, dude, really what was the copilots purpose? What was he advertising? What did he gain for his cause and who was his target? In the face of all logic, you make your little bigoted allah thing. pfft.
If that was the case Jim. Why not fly to a populated area and drop the plane on a number of civilians? 239 lives saved in the name of Allah? or hundreds more by doing something intentional like that. Why drop the plane in the middle of the Indian Ocean? Payne Stewarts plane continued on with the windows glossed over until the plane ran out of fuel. Did anyone think maybe there was a possible problem and as he was changing course to try and head back but did not have the time to finish the configurations on the navigations or even by taking the plane over manually. It is odd that no "mayday" was ever announced, but at the same time, who knows if they were not trying and their communications were down. We wont know much of anything until we actually find out from the black boxes and wreckage of the aircraft. But hey Jim, thanks for assuming the worst out of a different culture and keeping our thoughts and minds as narrow as possible.
It's about Time someone gave credit where it due - these 2 pilots should be considered Hero's they are in my Book - beside's Malaysia is still a 3rd world country - No Matter how many Modern American Products they buy, The coward's (Malaysian's) who Lied and Decieved the World - should be Held Accountable - Crouptness and deceiving the Public is Not Acceptable
All of the conspiracy theorists will still think there's a conspiracy to cover something up. Probably aliens.
You must be the people I was referring to. Don't you have lives?
It seems strange that it spun around immediately after the last - calm - transmission. What sort of catastrophe could happen in an instant, yet allow the pilots to maintain enough control to turn the plain around, yet not make a mayday call? No one will truly know until the black boxes are found, but I think it's 60/40 favoring deliberate sabotage.
A fire might have disabled the radio. They were trying to get to someplace to land.
Why do we try to always find blame, An accident is an accident and not amount of blaming or getting large sums of money changes the facts. Am sure the lawyers are swamming all over this.
One scenario is ugly, sinister, and frightening, yet the only one that's logical. Someone on the ground, for reasons unknown, took control of the plane's computer and coldly took the lives of all on board.
Not possible. It's not an R/C plane...
The Malaysian Government is the Orient's answer to Fox News.
Not a comment specifically about this plane... but in this day and age, is there really a need for an "off" switch on the transponder and tracking equipment of a commercial airliner? Why not a "mute" button for the cockpit voice recorder?
There is no logic to this story at all If right-minded pilot(s) were still in control, and they were either trying to get to a lower altitude quickly for cabin pressure problems, or toxic fumes requiring landing ASAP, Then was there no distress signal, Why no radio contact with anyone, Why did they turn of transponders and tracking devices, Why did they fly for hours and hours into nowhere... AND, IF that was the case, And terrorists were not involved, those with cell phones and the like on the plane, would have been sending "distress signals" as well... If hijackers were in charge, there would have been demands, or the plane would have been used as a 9/11-type weapon... Again, flying into nowhere and crashing serves no purpose to a terrorist group... It is pretty clear that one pilot disabled the other pilot... They may have gone on oxygen, and depressurized the passenger cabin to disable the passengers as well... They then flew by a well planned course to "nowhere" so as to make it more difficult to find evidence of their suicide (and mass murder), so as to not shame their family further... This articles logic ALSO supports this theory if you think about it...
Pre-Coffee Typos - *They why was there no distress signal*, *turn off transponders*
Where is any mention of the two passengers with stolen passports?
That part of the story was covered earlier--it's been established that they were asylum-seekers, not terrorists.
More fishy stories and speculation with no real substance. The senior pilot was evil.
Trashy news sells better than good news. And it also diverted the attention away from obama's dismal handling of the ukraine situation. The media can't let their "darling" look bad.
Who or what was on that plane that was so important that it could not be allowed to reach Beijing at all costs, such that even the lives of the passengers was just collateral damage, and the plane was put into waters so deep that it will never be found?
Posts like yours make me roll my eyes.
I love how this has become a full scale multi-government "Cover-Up"... They know damn well that one of the pilots, wife and kids left the day before the flight. They know that the pilot manually turned off the tracking device and radio. The auto-pilot was reprogramed. There were Zero distress calls. There were about 20 U.S. DoD employees on that plane, and 4 travelers with stolen passports. 2 + 2 does not equal 5. . p.s. All info that I just told you can be found on multiple news outlets around the world.
You must watch Fox news huh? LOL
And I know damn well you aren't a pilot.
Let me get this straight - a flight can be programmed to change course mid-flight, turn the transponder off and the pilots kept from noticing their angle to the sun or any other celestial body, until the plane runs out of fuel? Am I missing anything? Oh yeah; no radio communications.
it was mostly dark during the flight, but otherwise you nailed it.
Was it starless at that altitude?
think it was a new moon. Starless, probably not, but have not heard how the pilot was Galileo
He wouldn't need to be Galileo to wonder if the moon should have changed its position in the sky so soon.
The one pilot knocked out and killed the other pilot. Then turned the plane to head out to sea put the plane on auto pilot, disabled the tracking devices and then killed himself. The plane flew for hours until it ran out of fuel crashing into the sea killing everyone on board.
That's my theory also. It's the one that makes the most sense.
This aviation mystery will mostly likely never be solved.
True, JLM. Even if they find the black box, cockpit voice recorder and wreckage with fuselage, engines and all the mechanical and electrical systems (which would go a LONG way towards giving a fuller picture of what happened), there will always be many unanswered questions about this. No one will ever know the full story except for the people who were on that plane.
They need to call up all the engineers, technicians and technical experts who built this plane so they will come up with information and what cause this plane problem, or maybe, they should be responsible for this problem.
i'm sorry. i don't think that plane crashed. there are too many examples of misleading information being fed to the public by too many sources for me to believe anything our news sources or our governments tell us. there are sinister plans for that plane.
Author should state whether he/she believes the plane is in the south Indian ocean. How can you explain that the"heroic" pilot turned the the plane completely around and flew for six hours without contacting the ground?
Electrical fire. They had to pull the busses, which cut all power to the radios. The pilots probably did not last long before they were overcome by smoke.
Yes. The Muslim pilots may have tried to save the plane after purposely disengaging all tracking devices,changing course several times,flying to 43,000 feet then back down to about 2000 ft and flying for many hours after the tracking devices had been disabled.
Must be driving Hannjerkity and Rush Limbowels crazy, You know the evidence will be found that Obama did this, just like the next volcano that blows up, it is all Obama's fault. You really have to laugh at the right wing posters, heads full of schitt just like their drawers.
Obama will blame it on Bush..............
Zaharie used the home flight simulator to practice extreme landings, including on remote Indian Ocean islands.
you watch too many James Bond movies....
Not me, the feds are checking this out. Meanwhile FBI experts in the US are continuing to examine the hard drive of a flight simulator seized from Zaharie’s home after it emerged that programs he used on it had been deleted. Zaharie used the home flight simulator to practise extreme landings, including on remote Indian Ocean islands such as the US air base in Diego Garcia, investigators have revealed. The hard drive was flown to the FBI laboratory in Quantico, Virginia, at the end of last week after Malaysian investigators failed to retrieve the deleted files, which they suspect may have been ‘buried’ in an elaborate process to cover the user’s tracks. I personally don't think he wanted to land it, I think he wanted to bury it where there would be no chance of recovery.
you cannot land on a short airstrip in this large behemoth. I have not seen news stories regarding the fbi's search.
My guess is someone may have carried a small amount of powerful chemical agent on the plane. The chemical may have slowly leaked, intentionally, or not, and got into the air circulation system of the plane. Before passing out, the pilot may have tried something to abort the flight, but didn't get enough time. Then the plane flied by itself and eventually fell into water. We need to find the black box to make sure what happened.
How do you solve a Murder investigation, if there are no bodies? No crime scene? no witness's and every news outlet is misinforming all information to confuse the world to what really happened. Everything about this Missing plane is a definite cover up. A war is brewing and the world is being silenced!
No such luck. The ACARS as described by the experts say you have to deliberately log into the system, scroll through several pages to turn off the information side of the system. Not likely something dedicated pilots trying to save the plane would do.
If there was a fire that crashed the system, it would have crashed the plane too.
Is that what the debris is?
This seems totally sinister. You're just writing this article to try and change peoples' memories and facts. The plane kept sending signals AT LEAST 4 hours after it disappeared. And with absolutely no evidence, the Malaysian PM says he knows it went down? No, there is something very messed up with this situation.
If the airlines has another 777 with similar hours on it, I suggest they examine the surface panels for fatigue. An FAA Study I took part in, in the late 80's addressed the problems with aging airlines. Because the plane is pressurized, improper maintenance and repair of surface panels can result in explosive decompression. If all the passangers were killed and the damage was sever enough, the pilot may have not corrected the course fearing it would rip the aircraft appart or was in shock and didn't want to face the families of the victims, so he ran it out of fuel and went down with the ship.
Alan.....u offered a good view point...then blew it with the last part of the last sentence.
The airframe was manufactured in May 2002 and had only 53,465 hours and 7525 cycles (flights). The 777 has been in production since 1995 and none of the early, higher hours airframes had any "ageing" problems so far.
Look at a new car after being exposed to salt after only 4 years, we are talking about 12 year old rivets, if they were never changed. Maintence keeps them in the air, lack of it puts them in the ground. Daily flights over the ocean or being near one increases maintenance. I recal seeing pictures of a 747 with half of the observation lounge gone. What if the explosive decompression took place in the electronics locker? Systems like communications, navigation and the black box could be effected. Without a print with details on equipment layout, I can only speculate.
The other point I would like to mention is that corrosion under the head of the rivet and on the panel surface makes visual inspections unreliable. They use to induce a small current and inspect around the rivets and look for a displacement of eddy current that would cause a deflection of the needle on the measuring device. If a panel weakens, the vibration and load will hasten the failure of the rivets, hammer effect.
We have relative who is very powerful with the gov't. She said it was a suicide from reliable sources.
What value did this article have on the news community, it provided no facts outside of what has already been reported over and over again, and to me, all this article provided was someone's commentary of what they think may have happened. Furthermore, they make comparisons to the French plane that went down in sever weather. Pathetic.
Yeah right, they thought the transponder and the ACARS were on fire - so they shut them down and flew the plane to the remotest part of the Indian ocean and then ditched it. Who believes this stuff?
This whole event shows how the 24hr news media with the lack of response by the Malaysian Government manipulated, massaged and controlled this story from the beginning. It also shows how inept the world and the US especially is at monitoring the skies through satellite and radar technology.
Why is the US "especially" inept at monitoring skies that aren't anywhere near the US?
Thought the US knew everything, according to what the American people have been led to believe!
SMUT OVER MALAYSIA? ........ 1. THE FILES deleted off Capt. Shah's "sex simulator" were porn movies! 2. Mrs. Shah, also a 777 pilot, and also being a good Muslim, moved their Friday Nite porn movies to a THUMB DRIVE. However, she mislabeled the THUMB, and it was that which Capt. Shah took aboard Flight 370 to "instruct" his young stud co-pilot. Whatever his name, the jr. officer needed "training." Right? 3. Co.pilot was so enthralled that he watched porn and put the plane on autopilot...... 4. Co.pilot found his GF performing in the movies & decided to kill himself in a recently radicalized Muslim Rage. He was smart enough to delete and write over the THUMB DRIVE once again to conceal the smut evidence. ======================== 5. With all respect to the grieving families, SORRY for your losses.... but is this PORN PLAN a better theory to go on? We hope the plane's safely landed on the ground, held for the new JIHAD effort and the passengers will be let go, one at a time, un harmed. 6. Seal Team 6 might disable the aircraft with ONE hand grenade tossed into the cockpit..... inside a hangar in Pakistan? Good riddance to the terrorists, who already fooled half the Earth's population. That's "Global Terrorism, Mission accomplished, for the past 4 weeks!" $$$-$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ -- Engineer. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Funny how Retired Lt. General Thomas McInerney said he had a source that confirmed the flight landed in Pakistan a few days ago.
Being a general, doesn't make him right.
He had no definitive proof on Hannity, and none of the conspiracy theorists do. All BS coming out of their mouths. Unfortunately, these people are at the bottom of the ocean floor.
This whole saga just does not pass the smell test. I think some governments, maybe even the US govt, know a lot more than they are telling us. I normally laugh at most conspiracy theories, but something tells me that someone is covering up something. Maybe I'm way out in left field, but things just don't add up.
Yeah, you are out in left field. You want a conspiracy so you find a conspiracy. Stuff happens, everything is not a conspiracy.
I believe this is a coverup........someone knows where this plane is and it's not in the ocean. I will only believe it when they actually pull some debris from the water that checks out to be positively the plane, and they need to go after the black box.
Is it possible that someone outside the plane crew messed with this plane on the ground, or while it was in flight? Computers are hacked all the time by people trying to prove they can.
Does the 777 have segregated seating? If so, what groups sit where in relation to first class, second class, and low class
I'm not sure how this 'class' rating would have anything to do with whatever happened on this flight.
Well, it doesn't really, but depending on how it went, the people with the most money go first.
Only a stooge would believe any of this. Google Diego Garcia.
Definitely a Muslim terrorist high jacking. This Tea Party member is certain.
Most liberals, heck all liberals don't realize that a vast majority of Muslims hate America. Stupid PC chumps. They don't even want guns. This Tea Party supporter is keeping loaded. No Muslims allowed.
I think the pilot let out one lethal fart, and it overcame the crew causing the crash!
I think someone at this authors mosque gave him some bad info. A fully loaded 777 will easily climb to 38000 feet.
doubt it... what professional pilot shuts off the only means of tracking and changes the planes course almost 180 degrees?
who say they shut those items off? turning the plane around to go back to the nearest airport is plausible in case of emergency.
Dr Rock, I agree. Those systems don't shut themselves off and require more than just flipping a switch. From what I have seen there is no good explanation for the turn in course other than a serious problem and if there was a serious problem why would you not land on or near land (didn't they fly over land when they changed course)? And as you suggested, what good explanation would there be in turning off the systems and failing to communicate with those tracking you?
They were not over land when they changed course. They were still over water between Malaysia and Vietnam.
gary, you may be right....I haven't seen the route map in a week or so but from what I have seen in the past couple of days they picked the worst possible direction to go in any effort to find an airport. East of Australia is about as remote as it gets and it still wouldn't explain not communicating with anyone. The recorder will hopefully answer the questions but will not explain the foolish handling by the Malaysian authorities.
I'm confused with all the different reports on direction the flight took. But if they turned 180 degrees, and you look on Google Earth, you'll see there are a couple of airport in Malaysia where they could easily have landed. The only real question is did the pilots got incapacitated in some way and the plane continued on its way into the Southern Indian Ocean.
Pilots are trained to report EVERYTHING to the towers... any shift or movement of the plane has to be acknowledged by the ground before it's done. The fact that these pilots or someone with equal knowledge went through several layers of security to turn off the plane's tracking device AND the secondary locating device proves it was most likely foul play. Even if the plane abruptly exploded, the ACARS would have that brief instant to relay the problem to the ground. Plus the fact that the pilot has a home flight simulator that had all of the history deleted from it is very suspicious. When do you delete your internet history? go ahead and answer that.
Could the pilots have interpreted the compass wrong, flying the exact opposite direction? Could the compass have malfunctioned? Could they have realized too late?
In other news today Obama's people are now saying Obama's birth certificate was lost in a freak aircraft accident.
funny as a rubber crutch in an orthopedic ward
This article in stupid. The plane was fine. We may never know but the Asians will push blame on anyone but themselves. The loss will never be recovered. The human loss that is. 777 has a great safety record. Too much nonsense with the release of info....If it was a hi-jacking situation, the pilots could have send an emergency message before the door to the flight deck was busted open. It ended up in the middle of nowhere...
Let's find the plane and then hang the pilots. . . I mean, lets figure out what happened, without jumping to any conclusions.
Trying to cover up a religion-based pilot suicide is the best explanation for this latest change in story by the government...
now wait just one freaking minute. wasn't it just yesterday that the plane had been flown to some un-named Muslim country so that it could be modified to carry a freaking atomic bomb and crash into some un-named christian target? you nutcases are just sick moe foes.
Hey....Oily Tats....Keep going onto others posts and copying and pasting in your comment. Whats that you 10th one!!!
Just getting silly, now. What is your point? To hate people who were taught to think, act, and worship a little differently than you? There is no evidence of anything remotely like what you suggest, and just because the whole world did not grow up on your block does not make them evil.
Oily - No, the first week when the islamic malaysian government suppressed the satellite data I said terrorism or pilot suicide. Once the WSJ broke the satellite data story I've been saying this is the third islamic airline pilot suicide. The malaysian government diverted the search long enough that it may take a few years (or never) to prove it, but the facts are now clear and no amount of spin from the islamic malaysian government can suppress them.
Here's what most likely happened: First off, Malaysia authorities finally admitted that the plane was carrying pallets of lithium batteries (highly flammable and have caught fire on 120 other occasions). I believe they caught fire soon after take off. The pilots immediately tried finding the source of the smoke filling the plane. Their first response was to pull all the main busses and restore circuits one by one in order to find the faulty one. Doing this caused the transponder and radar tracking to turn off, basically silencing the plane. While this is going on, the veteran pilot turns the plane around to land at the closest runway (probably Palau Langkawi). He puts the plane on autopilot while they try and get the smoke under control. Unfortunately, everyone on-board dies from smoke inhilation and the plane remained on that path until the fuel ran out. This similar scenario has happened on 2 earlier occasions (AirCanada DC9 and Swissair DC-10). And guess what? The transponders and communications were shut off as they pulled all the busses..
It was aliens. And Obama was behind this too. Everything is purely a guess until they find this plane. That is all.
Smoke and fumes in the cockpit or cabin [or cargo compartment]?! The flight crew gets on 100-percent oxygen [the flight deck is probably equipped with some version of a "quick-don" oxygen mask for the pilots]. If the smoke/fumes penetrate to the cabin, then they would probably deploy the passenger oxygen masks. Then, the crew would deal with the inflight emergency [in this scenario, a fire in the cargo compartment].
That's exactly what I've been thinking for a while, didn't know the transponders would shut off for that reason, but it makes sense.
Thank you for posting this. This information was brought to light a week or two ago by a seasonal pilot who did his homework and came to this LOGICAL conclusion. Now if people would just stop listening to the media's fairy tales and actually follow some reasoning things will start to make a little more sense. The plane ascended to try and extinguish the flames by cutting oxygen to the fire: high altitude = less oxygen. When you go up that high with a commercial airliner it is possible to go into a stall, which looks to have happened here as right after the plane dives dramatically. The plane was set to autopilot to navigate to the closest airport which can accommodate this type of airplane with its long (1mile+) long runway, Palau Langkawi. If you look at the last known course of the plane it is headed towards this exact location. Stop making this into something its not. There was an accidental fire on the plane. It is very unfortunate what happened to all the people on this plane but the pilots did there damned best to try to save them. If anything they were heroes. But if for sure we will most likely never know.
In a life or death situation, talking on the radio does NO good. They could have had there hands full with the emergency at hand, untill they were incapcitated. Good theory. Even better than the one I posted.
Here's what I believe happened. The Muslim pilot personally attended the sentencing of a radical Muslim in court. The next day he flew this plane. While on the flight he purposely disabled all tracking systems,flew to 43,000 ft,then to 2000 ft,switched courses several times and after evading radar flew to an unknown location and landed the plane. The plane is in a hanger or sitting on a runway somewhere. As for the passengers, it's anyone's guess. I hope this IS what happened, they are all alive and we can get them back home. My fear is (I hope I'm wrong) is the plane could be armed with a nuclear bomb and flown back into US air space. They will make radio contact and say all the passengers,(hostages) are on board,alive and they are releasing them,but only to America. The fighter jets around the plane will not shoot it down for that reason and when the plane is over the United States they will detonate the nuc. This is just a theory. Hopefully an incorrect one of course. However, if you see on tv that the plane has appeared and is approaching the US, HIDE in the nearest bomb shelter as soon as possible!
so the plane is on fire for 7 more hours while flying on auto pilot?
Sorry Singapore, absolutely not true about the first thing being to call someone. Not on the checklist. Why waste time on the radio trying to talk to ATC who can't put out the fire or fly the plane? First thing they do int he movies so the audience knows what's going on; first think in an airplane is to fly it and deal with the emergency.
If the plane did crash where they are now suggesting (west of Perth), there is a big flaw in your theory. The initial turn was made to the west. An additional turn would have needed to be made to the south before engaging the auto-pilot and becoming incapacitated. This additional turn would most likely have been made at least an hour later, or else be picked up on radar. The timeline does not work with the theory of a fire and smoke inhalation.
ok smartie, now tell us where the plane is at? such BS
Philip 737's have an arcing issue with the windshield heaters. Tay halon is deployed on aircraft to extinguish fires. It is entirely possible that the fire was extinguished either from a manual or automatic discharge. There is no way a plane can burn for 7 hours and keep flying.
Very possible....but please remember. Boeing will not admit is liabilty hook line and sinker!...it is an American company. Have you not notice that you are the only one who emphasized this theory!. It is not even mentioned in the news or other press releases from the Malaysian government. All explanantion were always centered on human error, as if the plane is "fool-proof"! For a while attention was centered on terrorism ( a sign of an American paronia!). Problem is if its the Boeing's fault, it will be very hard for them to accept liability because the stakes are HIGHER! (imagine how many Boeings wide-body are there flying around the world) I just hope...the blame will not be put on the pilots again...just like what happen to Air France of 2009 trans-atlantic flight.
Uhhh, similar events happened before? Uhhh, and the planes flew on for several hours? Nope. You left that part out of your story. Try again. Place on fire to the point of killing the crew do not fly on for several hours.
if they all died of smoke inhalation...where is the emergency oxygen mask?...was it deplyoed or not?
Only problem with this theory is that pilots are trained to put on their oxygen masks at the first sign of smoke. They would've had enough oxygen to return the plane to malaysia. If there had been a fire, smoke would have slowly seeped in at first, and at the very least there would have been time to send off a distress call. There is no way any trained pilot is going to disconnect all the systems to track the plane after something has gone catastrophically wrong without also sending a distress call with location of the craft and what is going on. There's also the problem of the continued pings from the systems in the wings. If what you are saying was true, those pings would have been shut down too.
Interesting and very possible. This is also in line with the veteran pilot Chris Goodfellow's theory, only he assumed it was a nose wheel smoldering. The lithium battery's igniting makes a little more sense, being as I understand it there are sensors in the nose wheel to alert the pilot of smoke or fire. I also have a bit of a problem with the media being allowed to lead the public, including me to believe the plane climbed to 45000. Now I learn that scenario isn't possible, while the descent to 12000 is not only possible but probable. We who have been following this story would very much like to see the black box recovered
Maybe the pilot brought a hand grenade on the plane and forced the crew to turn everything off while he turned the plane around to crash it into the court house or a Gov. building and a struggle ensued with the crew after the plane was turned around and auto-pilot was on the grenade went off behind locked doors killing the whole crew but not destroying the plane that continued on under auto-pilot until it ran out of fuel. Maybe someone lived long enough to descend to an alt. that was survivable with the loss of cabin pressure.and then died. The passengers were alive until it crashed into the ocean..
Maybe its possible that a fire started with the batteries, which somehow short circuited the communication system's and transponders, perhaps this short circuit was their first indication that there was trouble, the plane began feeling up with smoke, perhaps unable to put the fire out, they decided to climb to 45, 000 feet briefly to starve the fire of oxygen, then return to a normal level and put any remain fire out with extinguishers which they were able to do. The plane suffered damage and they needed to land, instruments were not functioning correctly so they turned the plane in the directions they thought would lead them to the nearest runway, however they were wrong, the reason for the drop to 2,000 feet or what ever was an attempt to get their bearing and attempt to see where they were, which probably failed since it was dark, so they took an educated guess continued to fly the plane until it ran out of fuel, the pilot probably attempted a landing on the sea, possibly partial succeeded leaving the plane mostly intact, it sank probably very quickly before anyone could escape fully intact to the bottom of the ocean.
Good job, Drew. You're better at intelligent conjecture than 99.9% of newspeople.
Nonsense. First of all, the 777 is has a fire suppression system that would not allow the aircraft to fly for 7 hours while on fire. Fumes maybe....fire NO. Secondly, if there were fumes, the pilots would still have enough oxygen to perform an emergency landing within a reasonable time. The plane diverted 3 times....West, then North, then ultimately South. The new flight path would have to be programmed in with known codes and then EXECUTED by someone. For those of you who are mentioning Payne Stewart, remember that his jet stayed on course until it ran out of fuel and did not make 3 directional turns.
Why would any airline allow lithium batteries to be transported on their planes knowing they are a fire hazard?
You all must be delusional. Interesting theory? At no time was there external communications. Don't you think an experienced pilot would be reporting SOMEWHERE that an emergency situation exists? SOMEWHERE? ANYWHERE? Unless all communications had failed after their last transmission. This speculation is absurd.
Yeah, that's it, Drew. Mystery solved. If only the experts and authorities had YOU on the case instead of you being at home, eating cheetos on your couch, in your underwear with your degree in armchair quarterbacking. Thanks for your insightful, informative, and relevant analysis.
Gotta love it when people speculate about batteries.
Drew; You're hired! That's the first plausible explanation I've heard. Good job!
Except for the fact that the pilots did not send out any SOS, even after a fire was discovered. Why not? Don't want anyone to know where you are? Even with a fire someone with a satelite phone could have sent out a message, but nothing. Even preoccupied pilots can take five seconds to send out some kind of info telling the world they are in trouble. Nothing! If not the pilots then a passenger with a phone. Nothing! Why not? Too busy dealing with the fire to SOS with Morse Code? Hardly. Millions, maybe billions in lawsuits and reputations is driving what the media is being told and we armchair detectives are having a field day. Impressive aren't we. More sex should fill in the void.
This is a good theory! To those finding flaws in how the pilots should act in an emergency scenario....maybe they panicked and skipped a couple steps. We can't all swear on our lives we'd act the way we were taught to handle different emergency situations.
Drew, I don’t know the details behind the AirCanada incident you refer to, but I am aware of the Swissair accident, and they were talking to ATC even while the fire was in progress. Flight 370 had just spoken to ATC a couple minutes prior to changing direction (something happening). I still find it very difficult to understand how the crew could not manage to get off a single transmission to ATC.
Most likely? No - just another guess with nothing to back it up.
Yes.... what I've been replying: Could've been an electrical fire in the breaker box, or the breakers were pulled due to fire to isolate it, restoring them one by one. Now, the left turn was headed towards Palau Langkawi, a 13,000 foot airstrip with an approach over water and no obstacles. Turning back to the airport they left would've been too many obstacles such as 8,000 ft ridges.
I might buy crew/passengers being over come by smoke/toxic fumes and flying on autopilot, but there was a radio message about 15 mins after the transponder was turned off and changing course/alt. All they said was "alright, good night". If there was something wrong, that would have been the time for the message. Seems odd.
Nobody has mentioned the fire extinguishers on board, Halon BCF/BFFF(they are green fire extinguishers) is essentially CFC's and very similar in chemistry to chloroform. Get a face full of this gas and you can be knocked out for hours. It also absorbs contaminants so instead of being recharged, the contents are recycled. Recent tests have shown that the companies that do the recycling often to a shoddy job (profits, you see) and some fire extinguishers are replaced with 70% fire retardant and 30% contamination, rendering them useless to put out a fire on a plane and instead just anaesthetise the crew and passengers.
Trying to isolate a fire and at the same time changing course to find a runway without communicating a word of this to anyone? Something just does not equate.
YES! Finally some words that make sense, to me.
Yes, I agree that this is close to the best explanation so far. There could have been an explosive fire (these batteries can explode, burning at about 1000 degrees) that could have knocked out communications without the pilots doing that part.
Okay but what about all of those passengers? I mean if smoke started filling the cabin the FIRST thing I would do would be to whip out my cell phone and call my husband to let him know what's happening and possibly say goodbye. Why is there not ONE recorded conversation from one of the over 200 people on that plane? I really would love someone to explain this.
Truth-read the article -the plane could not go to 45,000'. Most can not! If the auto pilot was engaged it would not land without a pilot but it would continue to go straight until running out of gas and they have said before it had approx. 7 hours fuel. It sounds very possible with the new facts and lies out!
Singaporejames - funny thing - I was taught to FLY the plane first and radio is secondary. You are not taught to use the radio until you had tried everything you can do to save everyone! And you certainly do NOT delay turning radios off that may be causing an electrical fire to use it first and let the fire get worse! You obviously are not a pilot or have gone thru any training!
If the batteries caught fire soon after take off it would have made the most sense for them to turn around and go back to the airport for the safety of their passengers. Not buying this.
I realize until the black box is found no one will know what really happened, but the nice thing to this theory is that we don't have to demonize anyone, and can let all the families have some peace.
And no notice to ground control? Try again genius.
Drew I have always thought the circuit breakers could have been the key to a lot of this. What you just stated indeed makes sense, sounds like your a pilot or maint engineer. The thing is at some point they should have called out a mayday........ however it is possible everyone on board was incapacitated. If this did happen it was quick. Very quick. I am of the opinion the only way now that we are ever going to get answers is the flight recorders. And we may never find them. I am starting to believe this was no hijacking or pilot suicide. And this makes it even more imperative we find those black boxes. We could have a fleet wide issue here and not even know it.
You can not fly with nail clippers but they allow lithium batteries that catch on fire,,, on the planes... OK.
1) Why would a seasoned pilot not make a mayday call FIRST? Nope, the 'they're too busy fighting the fire' idea doesn't hold water. Pilots are trained and re-trained repeatedly on procedures, and putting out a Mayday call is one of the 1st things you do. 2) Why would a pilot automatically assume that a fire was electrical in nature and start pulling fuses? I don't think a pilot would suddenly start thinking like a flight engineer and start pulling breakers that could disable systems they need to fly the plane. In a panic scenario with a fire I'm just not seeing that as something you would do... and if you have time to go to the breaker panels (not in the cockpit is my understanding) you would CERTAINLY have time to send a Mayday. We need the black boxes from that flight to understand what happened.
If it was terroism, those #$%$holes would be bragging about it by now. I think some sort of catasstrophic failure is the more likely culprit.
Sounds like a good theory but that is all it is, without teh black box we will never know for sure.
Why aren't you on CNN with this theory? Pretty solid if you ask me but what do I know other than how to respond to Yahoo articles at work?
yah a fire on the plane yet the plane was able to fly over 7 hours, i mean cmon do we have any common sense at all here if the fire was enough to kill all the passengers and pilots then don't you think the fire would of burned the plane down and it wouldn't of been able to still fly for 7 hours plus, this bs theory will be garbage when they find some debris with no burn marks on it
Transponder has its own back up battery/capacitor,sorry,lol
That's the best theory I've heard so far. Very good possibility. BTW Swissair was an MD-11, but you are on the right track. Everything so far out of the authorities is pure garbage.....
The fact that they turned around and took it to 45000 feet and then lower, maybe it was a fire and they were trying to come back. I don't know how it went 7 more hours of flying after. It seems a few puzzle pieces are missing.
Fire is the only thing that fits. Unfortunately the flight crew would have had no idea where they were, if the fire took out the compass and gps avionics.
This scenario does not have any sort of criminal or terrorist act in it. I call shenanigans because that wouldn't be news worthy.
Where is there proof that the plane ascended to 45k feet? It was reported that it ascended, but that altitude is outside of that aircraft's fully loaded flight envelope. It's like saying a Yugo could drive 120mph on level ground. Didn't happen.
Sorry Auto pilot can't work if you pull all the busses...secondly as soon as the pilots had smoke on the plane they would call it in before shutting down all circuits....First thing in an emergency...is let someone know there's an emergency...
omg I am beyond sick of hearing all the media different theories which change every single day..... the truth is they still have ZERO clue as to what happened or where the plane really is... and they have zero evidence of anything.
So the hero didn't have a working radio or cell phone to alert the authorities about the situation? Sounds doubtful to me.
They tried all the cell phones but since nobody put any towers on the ocean, there was no result.
@Jackass, they weren't flying over water the entire time.
The captain's family should sue the Malaysian government for dirtying his name.
Wow that didn't take long, the liberal media spin to save-face for psycho muslims and maybe blame evil American company Boeing. The snarky reporter failed to state why the transponders were switched off and the radio wasn't used. Hmm, painted-self-in-corner again. A typical position for a liberal to be in.
Doctors can help. You can get this help for free, if you show them this post. No, I am not a liberal, just a concerned human being. I hope for your swift recovery.
they landed at Diego Garcia, the U.S got the cargo and or passengers they wanted and then scuttled the plane in the ocean.
I'll have a glass of hot fat, and bring me the head of Alfredo Garcia.
It sounds more like these pilots were trying to get this plane to Africa.
Will the passengers' heirs inherit the full frequent-flyer mileage or only the one way distance to where the plane went down?
I believe with all the tangible speculation of what happened, the only story that makes sense is when a Democrat suggested that aliens got the plane. Why would he think that? Because he's been supporting illegal aliens getting our country. Guilt by asssociation of fixated brain processes
Federal Reserve Act effects a consortium of 7 privately held Jewish banks called the Federal Reserve Bank. The largest share holders of the bank are the Rothschild’s of London holding 57% of the stock which is not available for public trading...YOU SEE ALL THE BRITISH JOURNALISTS ON TV NOWADAYS? on every network --we are being taken over once and for all...wake up..and this story about the plane is all from a british satellite--its a lie folks
0bama ordered the aircraft destroyed to make himself look omnipotent to his fellow Muslims, to have a quasi-declaration of war against China, to further erode the image of the USA, and give another blow to Boeing.
Everything is complete conjecture. All of this TMZ-like guessing is amateur. You just recently reported that the pilot deleted his flight simulator data files. So you cast aspersions then do a half hearted retraction through your Orwellian "forgetting" of the past? Double-plus ungood.
Speaking of Orwellian, the USA see's everything that takes place on this planet, and went to the crash area over a week ago. Yep. It is well past 1984, and we are being watched, and the plane did crash in the South Indian Ocean. The FBI found nothing of interest in the simulator hard drive.
BS!! If the pilots wanted to save passengers, #$%$ did they turn off the transponder? #$%$ did they make a U turn and fly to some remote area of the ocean? Malaysian Govt obviously think that we all are stupid to believe every single sh** that comes out from their rear end. Malaysian Govt is lying sack of sh**. Only morons would believe them.
RULE # 1: Turn OUT of the established jet route to avoid other aircraft. The turn was 100% in accordance with established and accepted practice. And if the transponder control head (the part actually installed in the cockpit panel) was suffering an electrical short, the first thing you'd do is switch it off to cut power. You don't know that because you're not a pilot... that's okay. But the FACT that you're making asinine assumptions about things YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT is what makes you a moron.
You think you know everything when you couldn't even understand what I was talking about. I did not make assumptions. I was questioning the facts being laid out by the #$%$ up Govt. No wonder the world so #$%$ up right now when we have people have little knowledge tried to act like they are experts.
After 30 days, the black box is useless. At 16,000 feet deep in the Indian Ocean, even with hi-tech mini submarines, all we will ever see, is a plane on the bottom.
--- is correct, except that the batteries usually last for 60+ days, but I suppose they always say 30 days just in case.
someone actually made T SHIRTS FOR THIS PLANE CRASH? are you farkin kidding me how pathetic well i guess your god wasn't listening now was he or maybe just maybe this all powerful god/deities you all worship simply does not exist. well lets test that theory tell your god or ask all nice and prey no other planes with babies ever ever crash again ok? lets see how that goes who ever made these shirts deserves a hard slap upside the head
Why does the fact that someone wants to pray for the families of those that died or the victims generate such anger in you ? If you do not believe in God, that is your choice. Why does it anger you so that others do, that is their choice. Did you once believe in God and was not listened to ? Did something happen in your life that was bad and you assumed that since it happened there must not be a God ? This anger and hatred you feel will destroy you physically for something you say that you do not believe in.
I honestly wish Cyrus, Beiber, the Kardashian family and all of those Hollywood freaks were on that plane instead of those people...yeah, I said it!
Does anybody have a clue? No SOS, nothing, not even a text message from a passenger! Huh. I think there hiding something.
I can't even send a text from my basement let alone from a plane hurtling out of the sky in the middle of the far southern Indian Ocean.
The author seems misinformed: look at the facts. Two on this flight, seemingly unknown to each other, sitting side by side. The fact someone shut off the transponders, the fact on of the pilots told atc 'good night', and then the plane veers of course and disappears. No distress calls, nothing. AND..the guy had a flight simulator, that he deleted! The data...Sounds more far fetched it was mechanical or something else. No, it's sounds ridiculos, face it, it was sinister folks.
Given you don't really know the facts, your conclusions are just guesses. It may not be out of the question that a mechanical issue caused both the transponder and the ACAR to fail at or near the same time. If the electronics are close together and a fire or other failure affected the equipment or wiring, it could explain why those went off. It could also then explain why they had an emergency that would require a sudden diversion. Hell, maybe the same emergency knocked out the radios. That's why it's better to let the facts actually come in before passing judgment on anyone.
Governments cannot be trusted - least of it when Obama is heading it.
The first officer was known to smoke in flight, open flame and oxygen are bad combinations. If there was pure oxygen in the air, maybe a leak, and he lit a match, big problem. I would like to see this theory examined
Wrong. Pressurized cabins are not filled with pure oxygen. Even a spark from a switch or an electronic device being connected or disconnected would be catastrophic. You need to read up on pressurized cabins from FAA Part 25.841 and also Section 91.211. You may learn something.
People smoked on airplanes millions and billions of times. Up until about 1991/1992 when airlines started banning it, followed by a government ban. We had smoking and no-smoking sections. (kind of hard to believe nowdays isn't it?) Not a once in those millions of flights did a cigarette bring down and aircraft.
The smoking sections were located in the back of the planes. Even in first class, the smoking area was in the back. When smoking was still allowed on planes, that's the way it was on every flight I was on.
To Snipes. Thanks for the nasty reply. You have a great beside manner. Thanks, someday I will be as smart as you but hopefully not as rude.
But Fox News told me that because they are muslims it was probably something evil, and I believe them because they have that fair and balanced logo.
Must be that black hating, white Hispanic, George Zimmerman at fault.
Let's be honest. China knows what happened-if they didn't they'd be making noise. This highly resembles Tiananmen Square... lots of Chinese disappear and no one says a word. Watch out world
This whole story is a joke.. Whatever the result, glad the case is closed for now and we can focus our inept president in DC, and hopefully us citizens growing loud enough to prevent WW3!
Can a cockpit fire "disable" the transponder and communications, yet not disable auto flight computers? The Malaysia's may want to rethink their excuse.
are you a pilot or someone who knows the plane well???
At this day and age we have airbags that deploy on car crash impact. Why have they not designed a "black box" that deploys when water is present and make it able to float to the surface by some kind of air bag propellant or explosion?
This is the smoke screen! Methinks western intelligence has actually followed the trajectory the other way and know it is intact on the ground somewhere. But they cannot tell the press that of course, must keep the sheeple from becoming hysterical here! So they make a story about it absolutley being lost in the Indian Ocean because they some trash a floating around out there. Stay tuned in a month they will declare the black boxes dead and the search area too vast continue!
go get another tin hat. Have a drink of coolaid while you are at it.
So, what'd they do with all the passengers then?
I suppose you also believe in the Illuminati? And MKUltra controlling Brittney Spears?
All of a sudden, it sounds so convenient...
There are 175 missing or dead Americans under a mudslide in Washington State. This airplane thing is over. Way over.
But we know what has happened to them - this will be of interest until the mystery has been solved.
stark is unable to follow two stories at once. his attention span will only allow limited information to enter his brain.
The author is an idiot, as are any readers who believe anything in this story.
No pilot would deliberately crash HIS aircraft and take innocent lives. I really believe that.
Then you deny that the pilots of the Egyptair and Silkair planes deliberately crashed their planes, even though separate investigations indicate that they did? What are your facts in these instances?
Unfortunately, that did happen at least once with Egypt Air 990...although Egypt rejected the findings of the NTSB. I do not believe that is what happened with MH370 though...loss of cabin pressure or a fire seems more likely to me.
@Jennifer: How can a "catastrophic" fire on an airplane allow it to fly another 7 or 8 hours? Why would only the communications systems be turned off while the other systems allowed the plane to fly another 7-8 hours?
I would suggest waiting for the black box....obviously speculation proves nothing.
Clive Irving, Get your head out of the sand. "Pilots tried to save plane"? How come no distress call after plane intentionally flew off course for 7 hours etc?
It is possible that whatever caused the problem, also disabled the electronics needed to send a distress call.
Flying too high for cell phone signals.
Could have been a "ghost" plane in that everyone was unconscious. Happened before on a jet airliner. The only person conscious was a male flight attendant. He went from one O2 tank to another then to the crews O2 tank. The pilots were unconscious. He acknowledged the fighter pilots, but then went back to the cabin area. The plane crashed when it ran out of fuel.
Yes they headed to that remote island in the furthest remote part of the ocean. Another few more gallons of fuel and they would have safely landed there.
How are people unable to use their brains to come up with reasons why this is not some grand, bizarre conspiracy, but they can easily conceive of a plane evading the military radar of various nations to land in a foreign country (that somehow doesn't have its own planes) where the plane is being outfitted with nukes to get Israel, or whatever? It's simply. Whatever disabled the transponder and ACARS likely disabled their communications system in general. Hence, no ability to communicate with air traffic control.
Just my 2 cents as to what I've mentioned to a friend. Maybe a smoldering fire in the hold producing toxic fumes. Semi loss of pitch control, communications, and flight display due to wires/hydraulics being burnt...hull burns and is compromised. Pilot reacts by bringing the plane down and around immediately to a safe breathable altitude...or maybe the pilot pitched the plane up to suffocate the fire? Smoke consumes toxic plastics and all souls are passed out or dead due to toxic fumes. Pilots try in desperation to punch in new codes to get the plane around, however, too late. A plane burns like a house fire, with the exception of more fuel, people, etc. Plane takes over on auto pilot per the pilots last desperate entry...or no communications because the pilots were attempting to gain control first. Anyway, I've worked in the firefighting field for 8 years. Burning plastics are toxic and can take out a person within minutes....burn a place down in 4 minutes.
The Malaysians are a primitive people who want to appear sophisticated.
And you lived there how long?
Good to see all the conspiracy nut jobs are out in force.. If you put 1000 conspiracy nut jobs in a room, you would have at least 1500 different theories as to what happened on the plane.They long for attention in their pitiful lives, and get recognition in the slim chance that they were right, they can shout to the world, "I told you so."
And for some reason, the crazier the theory, the more likely it's the one they will all get behind. I've already read some of the craziest #$%$ you've ever heard on these forums, most of which is too far out even for an episode of the "X files". Everything from landing in Iran or Pakistan to be filled with explosives and used as a cruise missile, to secretly landing at Diego Garcia so our own government can do something similar. I don't know if they're all serious, or this is the only entertainment they get.
More BS. if they tried to save the plane why could they not have SOS'ed????? Planes do not fall out of the sky without warning from over 30,000 feet. I say Media and Gov manipulation at the expense of the passengers and their family's. They do not want a terro rism scare at the present time. That is what this is about. It ia document that more than one passenger was using stolen passports
A superbly written article. Take it from one who knows.......judge and ye shall be judged. Don't until you know all the facts. And the way you behave as a result of your judgment, is solely your responsibility, not anyone else's no matter who told you what. If you weren't there and we weren't, do not judge on someone else's "facts".
My thinking : - After take off... pilots demand Gov. on some issues,... with a threat. - Gov. denied,... plane changes course, turn off communications. - Continue flying & still negotiating with Gov. in 4 hours ...radar proofs plane flew to north western first...( Gov. announced plane disappearance after 4 hours... why.?) - Hopeless from Gov. to comply demands..plane flew to southern direction - No way out...No way to return...pilots flew more hours to deep Indian Ocean, they know where to end...To Revenge Gov. Correct me if I am wrong
Do you REALLY think, in this day and age, that terrorists would not be able to claim victory if they splashed the liner? Really? How small thinking.
Who says it was splashed. Very small thinking, actually NO thinking.
Still many questions to the terror link, like the wife moving out of the house, the mysterious phone call from the cell phone bought with a fake ID, the pilot erasing all the flight data on his simulator etc etc.
BLAH BLAH BLAH and more BLAHOlga--flight simulator means nothing now Rest assured that he was not using it to practice landings in the middle of the South Indian Ocean--phone call is not so nefarious as the article you read (yes I read it too) made it out to be more like a paramour than a terroris which would explain the wife moving out--though I haven't seen any credible media covering that angle--don't be a sheeple. BTW You look kinda hot in your picture--where you from?
You cannot trust a MUSLIM! It's that simple. So anything could have happened and trying to soft sell this is not going to work. They had radios and were not communicating. That is not a pilot following emergency procedures. He was a Muslim! He cannot be trusted! It's time to investigate this thoroughly. Stop the speculation.
I didn't know George Bush was a rag head ... hmmmm thanks
Mr Big... how about you stop speculating? Being a Muslim is not evidence of a pilot turned terrorist.
@ K: I beg your pardon sir, I PROFILE and am proud to say I do. If you will notice, there are no Japanese, Eskimos, Norwegians, Italians, Indians, Mexicans, Catholics, Protesants, Jehovah Witnesses, etc, etc, strapping bombs to their children and blowing themselves up in public places killing innocent people because they don't believe the way the idiots teaching these children to blow themselves up do! Do you see Muslims parading in the streets protesting the actions of those so called "Radical" Muslims killings? NOT. I see them saying one thing and behind our backs do another! Even their Koran does not have a single passage that says "Love thy neighbor," but you will find over 100 commands to kill the infidels (defined as people who disagree with Islam)! Any Muslim cannot be trusted to take them at their word or believe that they have credible probity! "Speculating?" And when you speculate that Muslim's will not turn terrorist, that is real speculation. It is far more likely they will "turn" terrorist because Islam is nothing more than a terrorist organization disguised as a religion!
@ Mr. Big...I beg your pardon Ma'am... The Japanese invented bombing by suicide during WWII... They called themselves Kamikaze... The Catholics (as in Rome) have a long history of violence toward all who oppose their religion. Ever heard of the Crusades? The Italians supported this man named Mussolini who helped Hitler exterminate 3 million Jews... and don't even get me started on Protestants who exterminated 5 million Native Americans while claiming God had given them permission to do so under Manifest Destiny... Mr. Big, you sure are small in your knowledge of world history.
Exceptionally poor word choice. Sinister means left as in left hand. To keep saying left, right, left, right as in sinister right creates a lot of awkward phrasing.
I'm not convinced that it wasn't an alien doomsday machine that swallowed this airplane up.
*crickets* and Your AV is quite scary looking !! js
Oh well. I wake up with a smile every morning.
Umm so captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah and first officer Fariq Abdul Hamid umm yeah they are innocent. Rrrright. Political correctness has put common sense in the grave.
There is literally NO factual information in this article to back up the assertions in the title.
I know the First Thing The Pilots Do When Their Plane is in Trouble They Turn off the Transponders Of Course They Do. I am Betting that the Writer of this Story Voted For Obama TWICE
No, I would bet he voted for Obama about a hundred times.
OD'd on Rush & Beck, dinosaurs?
Boeing 777-200E's are equipped with a "Fly by Wire" (FBW) system, which replaces manual flight controls.In effect, the plane becomes a drone, controlled by an entity outside the cockpit. Although not sure of the nautical range limitations required to enable that system, thought I'd throw it into the mix. However, the transponder can only be turned on/off manually. Maybe more grist for the mill, maybe not.
"fly by wire" means that rather than direct linkage between yoke and control surfaces, there is an ELECTRICAL connection between them...you really should shut the fk up if you are going to show off your stupidity.
This airliner will be like the one that crashed in the Everglades; it left NO wreckage either. Go figger how a machine that big vaporizes. The Pentagon plane, too, vanished without a trace.
That plane left a great deal of wreckage. Recall the toxic mess the divers had to go through recovering body parts. They even found the oxygen canisters that triggered the fire that caused the crash.
I know, buried in the mud ... hundreds of feet deep, I'm sure.
...dozens of feet. any yes, we recovered and rebuilt much of the aircraft. reread the story.
Its very simple some body with a good IT knowledge can program the computer in the cockpit and then lock it. Even the pilot cannot do anything about it, just let it adrift and finally without fuel dive it into the ocean.
You might wanna lay off the T.V. action thrillers.
Dione Warwick and the Psychic Friends Network are being consulted by Michelle Obama to work on this horrible crisis.
This writer should be fired. This column is based on nothing but unsupported speculation. He bases his entire opinion on two statements that have not been issued by Malaysian authorities. Even the writer admits that "the sourcing of these statements remains obscure" (yet he writes an entire column based on them!). Even if the statements were true, they do nothing to remove suspicion from the pilots of the airplane. All of the circumstances regarding the disappearance of the airplane point to deliberate and deceptive acts by the pilot. The notion that the airplane caught fire over the Gulf of Thailand yet flew for an add'l EIGHT hours (involving a myriad of turns) to end up in the southern Indian Ocean is ridiculous!
Until they find the jet everything is speculation.
Not only fired, but put in front of a firing squad. Even better would be to put him in front of a large number of people to laugh at him. Then pull his pants down and laugh more. For hours.
The point was that everything for the last two weeks was speculation. Even the fact that they crashed is still under question regardless of what the Malaysian authorities say. You sir should be fired for a stupid comment.
Thank you. Max (and J. Ward).
Look at Helios flight 522. A fire can burn only if the Fire triangle is satisfied - fuel - oxygen - ignition. A fire could have started and consumed all the oxygen, and then would have quenched out. It could have caused the oxygen to deplete so rapidly that it killed everyone on board. Then the plane would have flown until it ran out of fuel. It would also have been subject to changes in direction and altitude if no auto pilot was engaged. Without finding the plane, there is no definite proof, but a catastrophic failure seems a very likely scenario.
Dave, You proved my point! In your example (Helios 522), the flight crew was able to send out a distress call despite the fire on board. In this case, there was not a single distress call despite the fact that while the airplane was supposedly on fire, the pilots were able to make a U-turn (at a slow 20 degrees); fly west along a commercial flight path while making turns at known waypoints (instead of making a bee-line for the nearest airport); and then make another turn to the south after leaving Malaysian radar range. In all, the airplane was flown for another EIGHT hours! How long did the Helios flight last? All of the circumstances speak of deliberate deception; none of them indicate an emergency on board.
J.Ward says: "Until they find the jet everything is speculation." The above is baloney. There are plenty of known facts about flight 570: 1) the plane's transponder was turned off; 2) the ACARS system was shut down; 3) an unscheduled 180 degree left turn was programmed into the autopilot; 4) the pilots never contacted Vietnamese air traffic control; 5) the airplane went off course at almost the exact moment the plane was transitioning between Malaysian and Vietnamese air space; 6) the airplane then flew West along a commercial flight path apparently to escape notice; 7) the airplane turned South after leaving Malaysian radar range. All of these known circumstances indicate deception.
Garrett: Facts do not include the word "apparently"; speculation does. Even if you don't actually say "apparently", the supposition that it is apparent indicates speculation.
Author is clearly guilty of J.U.I. (journalism under the influence). I wish I could get stoned, work for a major corporation like Yahoo!, get paid a decent salary and make khrap up like this. Only in CA!
To I Was There, It's an undisputed fact that after turning left off course, "the airplane then flew West along a commercial flight path" (as I wrote above). The use of "apparently" was to describe the obvious motive for taking the commercial flight path -- to escape notice/suspicion by military radar.
Wow. Revisionist history even before A) the actual plane has been found and B) before the flight data recorders have been recovered and analyzed. The Malaysian govt reminds me of the keystone cops routine we see daily here in the US with Obozo and Crazy Uncle Joe. Change the narrative to fit the daily message.
What good does all this impatient guessing do? The plane is missing, odds are it went down in the ocean, it's a big ocean and will take a while to search. Just leave it at that. Eventually enough evidence will be found to piece the story together. Until then, stop guessing.
What drugs is the writer doing? First off Malaysia PM has spouted yet another assumption that the missing flight ended in the Indian ocean. They have NOT FOUND anything connected to the flight. They've only seen some debris. Now this **** has leaped off the cliff with the idea that this means the pilots tried to save the plane. What a load! It also makes no sense, because if the pilots were trying to save the plane, they would have tried to put it down on land, not the ocean and they wouldn't have turned off the transponders, which every aviation expert says was done manually.
If the Pilots tried to save the plane that tells me our big boy's in office were very aware there was an incident taking place , Whether it was a high jacking or a mechanical issue. So tell me how do "They" know the Pilots tried to save it ?? Radio Communication all along ?? There's a rat in the over head compartment !!
Sounds like you were there CB...
CB, imagine you are driving out in the desert where it's completely flat in every direction for several 100 miles. You put your car in cruise control going 30 MPH and suddenly (god forbid) have a heart-attack or something similar with your foot no longer touching the gas peddle or hands on the wheel. all things being equal your car will continue to move at 30MPH in the same general direction until your car runs out of gas our you eventually hit something. That's in essence the scenario here except with Airplane cruise control once it's set you have to unset it to even change direction. They didn't land because they died before they got to their safe runway, and they kept going to the Indian Ocean because they weren't alive to unset cruise control.
If there was a fire in the rack mounting below, it could disable the transponder and the comms. They would try to combat the fire, but if the cabin filled with smoke and the oxyfen masks did not drop. They would get to a lower altitude especially in case of decompression. Most likely the passengers died due to Hypoxia and the jet flew on Auto Pilot until the fuel ran out.
I agree with you about the delusional writers of this story. But there was a satellite "polling" the computers on the plane for 7 or 8 hours. The satellite in question is in a stationary geosynchronous orbit with gives a fixed reference point relative to the motion of the plane. That and an assumed speed has led search planes to a place in the south Indian Ocean where debris have been found. It's already a done deal people. The navy wouldn't be sending specialized ships to find the voice recorder and data recorder if they weren't pretty sure of where the plane went down. They're just not telling anyone until they actually find the data boxes.
Oh every aviation xpert knew it guys, CB said so. He is the wisest of them all. More like pathetic dirt .
Answer me this, if there was a fire and the transponder and ACARS circuits burned out then how was the satellite able to do the "handshake" for seven more hours? Was that circuit impervious to fire? How about the autopilot system? Impervious to fire as well?
From the start this plane incident reminded me of the plane crash that killed Payne Stewart. The pilots and everyone on board that plane lost consciousness (I forget the reason) and the plane continued to fly on cruise control until it ran out of fuel and crashed. There wasn't anything anyone could do about it, just watch in horror until it finally crashed. With the Payne Stewart plane people were aware while it was occurring because it was flying over land. With the Malaysian plane the event occurred over mainly over open water, much of it beyond land where people might have observed it. If something happened and the pilots tried to save it that might account for the several changes in direction, but then if they succumbed to possibly smoke the plane would then continue on in the direction it had last been going in until it crashed. I know what I am saying is mere conjecture, but it seems to me that it fits the few facts we know much better than many of the other theories being bandied about.
Everyone states things that have been said by this country and that country. Does anyone know whether any of this is true? No, so now everyone is assuming this and that. There have s many conflicting reports that I don't believe anything about this flight until there is some physical evidence brought forth to even say the plane is in the ocean. Why didn't the Malaysian#$%$ up the radar of the plane when it turned and went back? Lots of stuff not being reported. Just lots of gossip and garbage is being spread. There is a reason that the Malaysian government wants that to happen. Go figure that one!
Flight 370 is probably the only thing you can't blame on Obama, but give him time, he will get involved and come up on the wrong side of this too.
No way it's Obama's fault--from what I hear Obama is blaming President Bush and Fox News -- Oh yes and Rush Limbaugh. Isn't that right SXT?
Dan, as I stated, Obama has not taken a stand yet. When he does it will be as convoluted as anything else he has said in the past 6 years. Harry Reid is sure the Republicans shot down the plane though. And Hillary said it was the video.
Muslims. Everything they say is a lie. They have no intention of telling you what really happened. You will never know. It would not be consistent with Islamic doctrine.
Christians and muslims. Both a con on society !
Here is a thought I had (and it's just speculation, mind): The actions of the pilot(s) could be explained by a condition called hypoxia - A lack of sufficient oxygen to the brain. At extreme levels, of course, the result is unconsciousness and/or death within moments. But at lower levels, it can cause symptoms akin to alcoholic intoxication - impaired judgement, erratic thoughts and actions, distorted perceptions. Now, what if there were a slow leak in the cockpit, which is largely sealed off from the main cabin? Not large enough to set off low-pressure systems or knock the flight crew out, but enough to lower cockpit air pressure sufficiently to cause them to act in a drunken fashion? It could happen gradually enough as they climbed to cruising altitude that by the time it was affecting their judgment, they would be beyond noticing. Malaysia is a tropical climate, and the wet, salt-laden air could have rotted a crack in a windscreen seal or some such small enough to go unnoticed in an inspection (especially if the inspector was in a hurry, poorly trained, etc), but large enough to cause slow depressurization of the cockpit. They might have been flying for hours by trained muscle-memory, the way a drunk can often drive a car - not well, but well enough, considering there was nothing to hit and no one to notice. It would explain the weird sign-off, the weird changes in direction and altitude, and why they flew off-course until they ran out of fuel and crashed. Any thoughts?
In the Relm of your Fantasy.
This actually makes sense: how have you managed to sneak onto the Yahoo chat boards? Don't you know that wild paranoid theories involving terrorists and/or aliens are the only thing that these people are capable of processing?
If this is what happened, then I feel sorry for all the poor people on that plane who knew something horrible was going on but could do nothing about it. Can you imagine the terror and chaos of those people in the minutes before impact? So sad.
I'm pretty sure that watching the sun rise on the wrong side would be pretty good indication you were going the wrong way. Not to mention the lack of lights underneath which is common for that flight.
There was an emergency declared the other day because the captain noticed a crack in the windscreen, but the plane safely landed. Luckily no passengers were aboard as the plane was being ferried to make up another flight. David's thoughts are logical & a possibility.
@David, as a military aircrew member that has experienced hypoxia, I found that it CAN cause impaired judgment followed by incapacitation if corrective action is not immediate. It happened to me during a fighter exercise and I was high as a kite, delusional, and did not know or care what I was doing until I received oxygen.
It is very possible and does happen once in a while. Look at Payne Stewarts death. I know military air crews are required to train for this and attend altitude chamber training every 4 or 5 years to help recognise the symptoms of hypoxia. It may not be the case here but it is a very good possibility.
There seems to be a lack of oxygen to the writers at yahoo and the daily beast.
Nope. Doesn't explain the controlled 'evasive' flying before the plane ever got to the Indian Ocean, nor does it explain the shutdown of all communications.
Excellent explanation. Why can't more people think outside the box. There is a logical reason, yet without the black box- more input!
I bet most of the passengers screamed and yelled so loud that they woke up all of the sleeping fish at the bottom of the sea--there is nothing like knowing that you are going to die and die a horrible death. However, the fish were happy to be awoken, they got themselves a free meal for a change--not having to find food!
I think it was a bomb and the pilots tried to return to land to avoid the plane being lost completely. Like it is now. The plane decompressed and all lost consciousness and the plane just over shot land and went into the water. Well kids that what I think. I hope everyone was unconscious when it went down !
that makes more sense than a lot of the other conspiracy theories out there.
gee, sounds like what others have said in the media, so sorry, it was not your thought. It is dishonest to claim an idea that was your when it was not.
what happen to the emergency systems???
As a Flight Attendant we watched a few films of people going through hypoxia. In the film they were supposed to "tap out" when they thought the lack of oxygen was affecting them. No one ever did. In the film women put lipstick all across their face, men missed their mouths while trying to drink and they all thought this was "normal". We were taught to look for the signs of feeling bloated ,dizzy,euphoric and passing a lot of gas. Then to get our oxygen tanks. Hypoxia sneaks up on you slowly, I can see this as being a viable theory and pilots making silly mistakes and then it creeping up on the passengers. In he end all would fall asleep peacefully from lack of oxygen and die.
Call it what it is, A Radical Muslim Terrorist.
Now try reading the article with both eyes and a semi open mind.
We were talking about the missing airplane, not 9/11.
It is obvious that Malaysia flight 370 was another Muslim pilot suicide. First was Silk Air 185 and then Egypt Air 990. I do not understand why this is happening, but the solution is clear, remove all Muslim pilots from the flight deck. Because of the coming higher insurance cost and reduced passengers, the airlines may have no other choice.
With the death of Christ, most of the Old Testament rules no longer apply, the book of Acts makes that plain enough, fornication and the eating of blood, of course, still hold for obvious reasons. Leviticus was the covenant between God and the Jews after escape from Egypt and has been superseded several times. Nevertheless, the general practice of tatoo surely seems anti Christian and contrary to the spirit. But then, if the tatoo is a cross made to signify the state of being born again in the spirit and to glorify God and give thanks for salvation, that should be acceptable. I'll pass, though.
Oh yeah, Jesus was a pilot. I forgot that.
news flash brain dead m.o.r.on. the 'messiah' never came. SURPRISE!!!!! Bother learning what the messiah is suppose to do on his FIRST trip here. btw, brain dead the old and new testaments contradict each other. Proclaiming the old is a lie, automatically makes BOTH of them lies. SURPRISE!!!!!!!!
I am god!!!!! I care bear got it right though, Jesus the pilot lives in our girly meat parts.
It is so obvious this is a cover up. Govt's think we are so dumb. There is so much more to this story. Hijacked - shot down, whatever country shot it down won't admit it because ... well it would be hard to explain, justified or not, that they had to shoot down a passenger plane.
So obvious, huh? Only to a paranoid conspiracy freak.
So you believe Mr. Malaysian President guy? So, end of story, now the pilots are heros. Wow are you nieve Jim Rockford. Go watch CNN - Wolf blitzer with your bowl of cereal weirdo
This entire incident leaves much in question. What happened to the fact that the flight plan was changed before take-off? There is no evidence that they have revealed that this plane actually crashed and if any should happen to appear we will have to wonder if that is part of the coverup as well.
You mean all those who rushed to assume it was evil MUSLIMS might actually be wrong? No! impossible. Every evil in the world is the work of Muslim terrorists. Just ask Obama.
Lou, it is better to keep your mouth shut, that to open it and project Stupidity !!
Either the pilot heard voices in his head telling him to cleanse the earth of the unworthy, or he bravely crashed the boat, ship, whatever after there was some terror threat on board.
Ohhhhhh, The Illuminati strikes yet again…. *rolls eyes* Moral of the story - Never Sell Your Soul To The Devil !!
"It originated in a non-MUSLIM country and yet had MUSLIM passengers on it! Do the math people!"
Finally a report that makes sense.
hmmmm, glad it makes sense to you - I think the rest of the world would disagree with you on this one… Pure Speculation My Friend !!
Covering up for the Muslim Pilots so we don't start to question the religion of peace.
Except that they did everything they could to scapegoat the pilots, which were members of their own people, and the facts are coming out that don't support terrorism.
whatever #$%$. believe the lies if you want.
And what's your supposedly superior source of information?
UMMMMMMM!!!!!!! How about every piece of info that was released then scrubbed? WAKE UP LOSER!!!!
Here is another theory, how about some country, accidently shot it down, the World Governments know about it and in reality do not want the public to know, because of the problems, that will occur if the public finds out. I hope not, just throwing out more to you all, after all, it's not found yet.
The pilot was last heard saying "pray for flight 370"....And why did the pilot delete all the files on his home-made flight simulator? Why were the transponders switched off? Why would the jet turn around, instead of landing at the nearest possible location? Why have muslims committed acts like this before?
Why did Christians invade Poland in 1939? Why did Christians run the ovens at Auschwitz? Why did the Christians burn Japan's frangible flammable cities? Why did Christians kill Kennedy?
Why do you assume that I'm christian? Why are you so dense?
WAIT……I obviously missed something in Your Story, last thing I heard the pilot said was *Good Night* --- When did this *Pray for flight 370" come into play ?? just asking ..
Right Panama Joe, we can't say Muslims committed an act of terrorism this time, just because some Muslims have committed acts of terrorism before. Otherwise we could just as logically say that Christians committed this act of terrorism because they've committed heinous acts before. Or any other group!
Muslims have committed 95% of atrocities of this nature, in the last 50 years.
THANK you, Mark. Stereotyping has always been a cheap shoddy practice from cheap shoddy thinkers. THAT was my point. And I can do other ethnicities, too, but don't because that's STEREOTYPING!!!
Not all Muslims are terrorists...But all terrorists are muslims.
You're welcome, Panama Joe. It is stereotypical thinking to presume just because the pilots were Muslim, that an act of terrorism (or atrocity as TheGreatOffender now phrases it) has been committed. Even to say that "all terrorists are muslims" is an incorrect argument. England refers to the IRA as a "terrorist organization," lumber companies refer to "EarthFirst!" and the "Animal Liberation Front" as terrorist organizations, so not all terrorists are Muslim. I had no idea Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols who bombed the Federal Building in Oklahoma City were Muslim. It would be stereotyping to say, well, the pilot of the plane was an environmentalist, so therefore he must be a terrorist. Or that "I won't fly an airplane if some #$%$ from Oklahoma is the pilot because #$%$s from Oklahoma are terrorists!" It's just silly stereotyping, it gets us nowhere except Conspiracy Land Amusement Park.
95% is not 100%.....Some terrorist attacks are committed by non-muslims...Not very many...But some have. Muslims...They're only behind 19 out of 20 terrorist attacks.
Mark; I notice how people act, and I listen to what they say. THOSE are the only things for which we're responsible We can't choose our skin, not our family, nor what faith we're raised in. We can't even choose how to spell our family names! We DO choose our actions, though, and Muslims are like any other people. So are Irishmen. And Lithuanians, and Belgians, and American Indians, and spacemen, and circus clowns, and mannish kind of bookkeepers with large horn-rim glasses and stockings with a seam going up the back ...
The penalty for apostasy is death in Islam...That sounds normal to me.
So right you are, Panama Joe! People are just people, no matter how we try dice 'em and slice 'em and stuff them into little pigeon holes and stereotype boxes. One thing that Grandma taught me when I was little that has stuck with me to this very day is this: "everybody deserves respect till they prove to you that they no longer deserve the respect." And yes, it involves watching how people act, and listening to what they say. That says a whole lot more about them than the fact they were born in a certain country or pray to a specific God or punch a time clock at the XYZ Company.
Indeed! People who riot, and kill, over cartoons of their holy pedophile prophet, and treat their women as sub-humans deserve the same respect as people who treat everyone as equals... Wait!....How do people who don't respect basic human rights...deserve our respect?
And Mark, your granny sounds like mine! She always addressed people as sir or ma'am or miss, even though granny was a true lady, well educated and pretty well off, or grandpa was...
Yes, I am still here. And I am trying to figure out how it is right and good to respect a culture which has no respect for basic human rights. Why should I respect a culture which allows a 45 year old man to buy an 8 year old wife from her parents....And then rape her to death on her wedding night. Why do you believe that such people deserve respect?
Yes, Panama Red, our grandmothers sound much alike. Always respectful when meeting someone, and my Grandma trained me to be the same way. Always gave a person the benefit of treating them kindly until that person's actions proved they no longer deserved to be treated kindly. Grandma's personality and upbringing really did not permit her to be mean or cruel to a person who no longer deserves the respect though. She said it was better to just act like that person does not exist. For her, there was no stereotyping, no lumping people together, everyone was just an in individual. Just because one individual does horrible things does not mean you have to mistreat the next individual who comes along.
Yep, That's exactly what I would have done.1) turn off transponder so nobody knows where the plane is. 2)turn off radio's. 3) drop from 35000 ft to 500 ft because its i feel safe closer to the ground at 500 mph.4) fly off course. 5) fly over and past land, where i could have landed , to open ocean. The people who buy this BULL SCHITT, voted for Obama. And the public gets hosed again.
The Piliot was on a suicidal crash, he had family problems, the Chinese and Governments involved are covering up this story, Muslims from China threatened 3 times to take down planes, they finally succeeded and they are covering it up..
If they were trying to save the plane in an emergency situation, wouldn't there have been mayday calls and radio dialogue with air traffic control?
Likely not. For pilots in an emergency, the procedure is "aviate, navigate, communicate." If the pilots are busy with the first two, they can't spend time communicating because they already have their hands full.
Wouldn't they certainly at least make a mayday call?
It is possible that fire or whatever else disabled the transponder also prevented them from sending out a distress signal of any kind.
Aliens took the plane. Passengers were brainwashed and sent back to earth with a virus that will wipe out the human race soon.
Being the only super power and leader of the free world I think that the US should pay for this search mission and give the families of the victims 20 million dollars each for their pain and suffering. God bless America!
This was an inside job by a suicidal pilot. The pilots had the means, knowledge and opportunity to pull this off. They also new where to fly the plane so it would not be found. One of the pilots could have easily pulled this off. The obvious answer is the pilots. The Malaysian government doesn't want the answer to be the pilots.
Seriously, dude, there were three Americans on board that plane. Two of these American agents were disguised as small children to fool the Malaysian government of course. And they blew the plane up over the Ocean where no on can find anything left of it, and escaped first in a secretly stashed small plane so they could blame it on Muslims, Malaysians, Aliens, Terrorists, Kardashians, MTV, video games, John McCain, Obama, and the Wright Brothers. Yep. Saw it on the History channel.
People who write like this are extremely annoying. Just give us the facts and leave the attitude at the door. I agree, this writer should be fired.
The controls of the plane were overridden from a remote location. It happened on 9/11 and that is likely what happened here.
????? That's a new one on me !!!
Balderdash, if the plane is found in the southern Indian Ocean we have an act of terrorism/sabotage or whatever word makes you feel better about what happened.
How do you end up in the middle of the Indian Ocean and at the same time trying to save the plane? Journalists are brain dead morons.
simple, if the smoke/etc caused pilots/etc to pass out...
Can we NOW pass a law that prohibits the ability to turn off black boxes, flight locators, tracking devices, etc., installed on commercial airliners? They should ALWAYS be active, and unable to be turned off. By anyone, including pilots.
I'm sure a law would stop anyone from turning off the transponder!!! I mean if you are going to hijack a plane and possible use it as a missile or kill the passengers....I'm sure that they would think twice before turning it off since they would be breaking the law!!!
No Hate,if a flight crew is planning to steal/divert a commercial plane, the legality of shutting down the transponders would be the last thing on their minds. Black boxes can't be turned off.
We can't pass laws for other countries.
How then could obama go where he wants without anyone finding out
If Hillary could find out where Bill has been flying to, she would have had him crash in the Indian Ocean by now. Bill's life depends upon being able to turn off tracking.
The law that was implied is meant to make it that there would be a international agreement that would have plane manufacturers redesign systems that could not be manually disabled no matter if the persons on the plane wanted to break the law or not. In other words, get rid of the switch and/or software from human intervention.
Sorry bozo, but any electrical device has to have a circuit breaker, fuse or some other device to protect against a short / fire. And that device will always be available to be disabled.
The bottom line is that pilots have total control over the plane good and bad. It is usually good. I am against giving the pilot less control.
Transponders are routinely turned off when the plane is on the ground, to avoid confusing air traffic controllers.
Mr Irving, the author of this piece of speculative fiction, should be transferred to the Sci Fi/Fictional Dept.. Oh sorry, he's already there....this IS the Daily Beast on 'Yahoo' News.
So if as the author states that it seems no sinister plot was involved please explain: Turning off the transponder(s). It had to be done manually and someone did it. When trying to save an airplane you don't take time to turn it off The pilots not radios ANYTHING for help or what had happened. The fact the plane turned away from the nearest land mass and then flew for 7 more hours. If you have trouble, you are going to go to the closest airport. How can you think something routine happened and then it went bad and they just didn't call anyone, they decided, "What the hell. Lets turn off the transponder so no one can track us" and while we are at it...we are going to change course to fly away from all land masses!!! This is just like the media when the Boston Bombing happened....they kept saying how it wasn't Terrorism...over and over until they couldn't deny the facts and had to call it terrorism...but they even stayed away from that word and the word muslim. Same as here....Its not terrorism or anything with Muslims, not the captains are almost heroes!!! I mean the Fort Hood shooting isn't called terrorism by the media but "work place violence" as Mr. Obama decided to classify it!!!
If you have to pay to keep the transponders on, was it a policy for the pilots to turn off the transponders by the Malaysian's? There was different radar programs the Malaysian's could have used but didn't want to pay for them, so they didn't. And turning the transponder off does not take you off radar. The Malaysian government is tired of spending money looking for this plane because that isn't their priority way of spending money, so, now we'll have bad weather and every excuse in the book to just move past this episode. I hope the Chinese government rips into the stories that have been told and gets to the bottom of this terrible incident. Look how fast the Malaysian's said this was a criminal investigation without one thread of evidence to put it in that category.
Ah...love the posters who say that "I must be an avaition expert" and critize me and then turn around and become an expert themselves. Yes...It must be a fire. because in no way shape or form would they send any distress call. Not a single person from the flight crew of 12!!! Yep....it must of been a fire only thing that makes sense. Such a huge, massive fire that all electrical systems had to be shut down....and killing everyone instantly...but then allowing the plane to change course at least 2 times and then fly on for 7 hours with all those electrionic systems shut down and the fire still causing major damage.....yep...only thing it could of been!!! Oh and J....Occum would love me.
It also has now been reported there were four people on board with stolen passports. That is terrible. Took two weeks for the company to come forward and say that there were lithium batteries on board. Believe me, there is still more stuff no one knows about that flight. The Malaysian government immediately tried to point the finger at the pilots. Keep unraveling the mystery and we will all know why.
Malasian Airlines will change its name soon and hire some white, Christian pilots. After Blackwater soiled its name in Iraq it changed its name and carried on business as usual.
thy said this was the safes plane made for every thing bad that happen some one had to do all this not the pilots then ho how or what.
@john- the problem with your statements is they are based on guess by small information given, how about have some due diligence, what if these guys weren't pyscho pilots you and people like you have ran their names in the mud for what??? you hurt fake feelings?? Suck it up, check your emotions and be a man and wait for realtime facts to come out before rushing to condemn someone you don't know. John you could be right in the end but what if your not, how will you apologize to these men, I bet you wouldn't even acknowledge it, just start bashing someone else I presume.
John, if this is an act of terror as you state it must be, why has no one claimed responsibility? I`d have thought someone would at least claim it was they who brought down this aircraft. Yet no-one has. Everything about this incident is speculation, officially or otherwise until the wreckage is found. For the record, in my opinion, this is an accident.
@John sure seems to know a lot about aviation and disabling transponders and redirecting course. I wonder if the authorities are taking this man seriously? I'm thinking he's in on the conspiracy!!
I thought I read somewhere that the normal protocol for an in-flight emergency in this part of the world is to make erratic turns, loopty-loops and then head straight for Antarctica. These pilots are clearly heros.
Let me guess - you are not a pilot but you stayed at a Holiday Inn Express last night? Or you are now an expert on flying a 777 because you have been reading 2 straight weeks of "expert" opinion in the Yahoo comment section? laughable.
Eddie and USN Vet....you figured me out. I am a Holiday Inn Conspiracy nut!!! So Game on!!! I mean the real truth is the aliens!!! Get over yourselves. I posted and you decided to chime in....If you dont want to believe my opinion so be it. I have enjoyed the posts against me. Rather entertaining. I never said it had to be just the pilots but I do believe it is terrorism (Groups dont always claim responsibility. Its called terrorism for a reason and making people fear to fly solves that purpose) Its interesting how..Fire, Major malfunction, etc...is an acceptabel outcome for the armchair pilots but the fact many steps dont add up to it are just blown aside. Yep...a fire would stop the pilots and all crew members from thinking and making ANY kind of call for help or that they were in distress. Of course the fire would shut down the transponder, while the pilots programed in a new flight path. Then on top of it...those same pilots who couldnt take 5 seconds to radio anything would make course changes. Which finally means that while the fire was so massive and all the lectronics where shut down...right before the pilots passed out...the then majorly damaged plane without any electronic (due to that massive fire and shutting down by the pilots) continued to fly for another 7 hours just low enough to avoid any and all radar detection. So go ahead and call it a fire...You know how all that blends together. As I said...remember how the Boston bombings were not terrorism until there was no other way to be explained. Thats right didnt want to offend any muslims while people were bleeding and dying. Oh and Greg...if it turns out to be that amazing story about the fire and how everything happened in such a tied together way...i'll ask Alllah for forgiveness. Hows that for a deal. And now Please Retort......especially you liberals who cant imagine a Muslim doing something like this and believe that they are peace loving...Now you have even more to Retort about...Kisses
Could've been an electrical fire in the breaker box, or the breakers were pulled due to fire to isolate it, restoring them one by one. Now, the left turn was headed towards Palau Langkawi, a 13,000 foot airstrip with an approach over water and no obstacles. Turning back to the airport they left would've been too many obstacles such as 8,000 ft ridges.
Your forgot something in your scenario... YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED. Let the searchers find it. Let the investigators investigate it. Meanwhile... Let your mind relax in the knowledge that you don't know.
Explosive fire knocks out communications, spreads toxic fumes into plane. Pilots react in their last minutes, descending and heading toward land. Toxic fumes overcome pilots. Automatic fire suppression puts out fire. Plane flies on.
Oh but JimH...I do know...I do know!!! But all you other Armchair pilots who have gone and read the various other possiblities and then cut and pasted....Keep on, keeping on!!! Its fun watching you cut and paste and pretend you know what most likely happened!!! Oh and @ JimH....once again...I do know...I do know!!!
The transponder was not "turned off". It was rendered disabled because the pilots began frantically pulling circuit breakers after the fire. Standard procedure. After all the hear say and conjecture and conspiracy theories the best explanation is also the simplest. Shortly after signing off with Malaysian Air Control a flash fire broke out in the electronics knocking out the radio systems and primary transponder. The pilots begin pulling circuit breakers to identify the source of the electronics problem (standard procedure). A new point is quickly set to the nearest run way however the fire incapacitates the pilots and passengers. Auto pilot controls the plane until it crashes into the Indian Ocean. No terrorists, no crazed pilots, no aliens, no black holes.
John, read David's post above. That is far and away the most likely scenario. I will follow up with you if it turns out to be an accident to see if you are man enough to admit you were wrong and apologize for slandering people. I know people like you, though, so I won't get my hopes up.
I just read some of John's posts. He does not know what he is talking about and has no aviation experience. Disregard him.
#1 - you are taught to turn off anything electrical in a fire and decend -they did! #2 - they turned TOWARD the nearest airport-auto pilot would have taken over if the pilot could not fly from the fire-learn to read about where the plane turned! And auto pilot will not land a plane without the pilot so it would have kept going straight. #3 - when their is an emergency the first thing you do is FLY the plane and try to correct the problem. Do you make a phone call when your tire blows out at 70 or get the car under control and then call? YOU obviously are NOT a pilot or you would know these things! And it is a very likely explination after you remove the 45,000' climb and other lies we were fed! As usual it is all about the $$$ and insurance payouts. It couldn't be a problem with the plane because it would cost too much from the lawsuits! And that is probably the only conspiracy involved with the new info!
Maybe it's because I have Muslim friends that I don't write off an entire religion due to the acts of a few. Billions of Muslims, handful of terrorists. Bet you cried and moaned when the Civil Rights Act was passed in this country too, correct? Regardless, you have strung together a bunch of scenarios to match your theory. Nothing more, nothing less. No problem - you're entitled to that. However, comparing it to Boston just because there were Muslims on board, flying from a Muslim country, on a Muslim airline, is simply silly.
I recall the press calling it a possible terror attack on the Boston bombing with from the start, just like they did this. On Boston they ended up right. This one...TBC....
Read Denver's comments, John. I'm anxious to see your reply.
Wow...everyone loves me and seems to want me to do this and or that. Just like open minded people. :) So yes....You all know for sure what happened also and it HAS to be a fire...yeah...they pulled circuit breakers and then fell unconsious and it fell for 7 hours with all that massive damage to the systems!!! Yeap...you got it right and you all have aviation experience!!! :) You got me Oh USN Vet...good for you and loving the religion of peace who would cut your head off at a minutes notice!!! So please continue to retort and tell me more and more about how smart you are and its a fire for I know my avaiation experieinces!!! Just like pilot suicide you would know too!!! Lets keep going...Tag your it!!! Kisses
I don't know why so many of you are attacking John instead of merely attempting to refute his points. The fact is no one knows what happened. Yet.
Wow....Zoom. Finally someone who understands what I am point out. No one knows and its all theory. But I do admit that I enjoyed #$%$ people off and getting them to be all but hurt. Was rather fun watching the armchair pilots and they know its a fire and you are just stupid!!! Thank you Zoom for finally being someone worthy on this post!!!
Slighty contradictory of you John. In your last post you say that it`s all theory and no one knows whats happened. Yet, your posts prior to that seem to convey that it was an act of terror and couldn`t be anything else??? I think most reasonable people will view these posts and conclude that you brought it all upon yourself.
@John - ok professor, riddle me this - if it was "terrorism" as you have conclusively "proven," why are there none, zip, zero terrorist organizations taken credit for downing an airliner? If it was a "rogue" act of terrorism, why isn't there a manifesto, journal, video, etc. from the pilot or pilots describing their acts, and reasons behind committing them posthumously? What "terrorist" would commit an act of terrorism - which is a symbolic act to a sense of perceived injustice and the belief that violence will effectively redress it - and leave no explanation for anyone to hear them as to the reasons they did it? Answer: None. Every terrorist commits their act to grab attention and make people listen to their "cause." Could it still be a terrorist act? Sure, it's possible. There are no answers yet. But, to have people like you say, "nope, I know I know. Because I know everything. I know all Muslims are bad, and if there was a Muslim around it was terrorism." You sound like a bigot, a stupid bigot at that. Oh, and (your quote) "the media when the Boston Bombing happened....they kept saying how it wasn't Terrorism" - what planet were you on when that happened? The moment the bombs (plural) went off, everyone, everyone called it a bombing. A terrorist bombing. Good try trying to shoehorn your world view into a self made and factually incorrect narrative.
Please keep it coming....If you dont udnerstand someone F'ing with you tc...then you are going to have a long hard life ahead of you. So please as I said...retort and keep the post going. I am enjoying it....I love variations....some real bitter people, some angry people, some reasosnable people, some rathional and most who realize it and drop out. It makes my workday go faster so please...continue and dont let me stop you. Oh and I like the name calling and the stories about me and my personal life. The reason...because a single post because so important to you all that you had to take time to use that anger, energy, etc. to post and follow up on the post. Its my post and I ahve all day but so many people taking so much time to comment and read....I feel really special now. So heres a new topic....Most of you all are racist because the only reason you voted for Obama is his skin color. You felt "social justice" was needed so you voted because "it was time for a black man in the White House." Yep....You only voted for a man due to his skin color not his education or expereince because Obama has neither...Just his SKIN COLOR. Now let the fun begin!!! Kisses
Speaking as someone who flies planes, There's a possibility that there's a new Bermuda Triangle knocking around and the aliends are using that to teleport the plane into another time dimension and area of the university, universe I mean!!!
@John, the crew may not have turned them off, loss of power may have done that but what explains all the fragments well is an onboard fire. It has happened before, read up on Swisair flight 111. A fire of some sort destroyed certain electronics such as communications and transponder. It is also possible the plane was pushed up to very high altitude due to flight though a cumulonimbus cloud, super cell with severe updrafts which may have done significant damage to the aircraft. What most likely happened, onboard fire, crew attempted to put the fire out, flying to high altitude and depressurize (news clippings mention they was well above 40k feet at one point), the plane dropped to 5k feet (not to avoid radar, total baloney but to provide oxygen to crew and passengers, flying at higher altitude 12k-29k feet, probably more to avoid collision with other planes if the plane's radar was out. The aircraft was flying though well known waypoints to return to KLIA around major populated area; at one point the plane would have had KLIA to their left, tragically crew and passengers became incapacitated due to hypoxia (the system only provides about 15 min of O2 for passengers, crew would had more time), hypothermia (it is negative 70 degrees below zero at, you freeze very fast, and btw, another 30 degrees above that you joke on your own CO2 production). The crew would have programed the machine for the flight path prior to the planed flight back to KLIA after the incident took place and in the event there was crew member left to land, last navigation point given to the machine would have been open and remote waters of the Indian Ocean to avoid ground destruction and victims. RIP to all those on flight 370.
Senecas comments brought to you by the Soros Open Society Foundation!
Stibsffe....I must say at least you stated it decently and provided even more info to back up the points. I could bring up some points about why this or why not that...but we dont know. As Hard Tulip said....it very well could be a new Bermuda Triangle, aliens...or it could be fire or it could be terrorism or pilot suicide. Thing is no one knows. But At least you made a point with several facts and did it in an intelligent way. Kudos!!!
The issue, John, is that you make a statement with a lot of confidence behind it as if you know that to be true. That's where you comes across as bias. The fact is you don't know what heppened. None of us do.
@Ana N. As someone who designs flight control system i find your idea of the flight system being hacked or a virus as extremely laughable. These systems are not like your standard x86 machine running windows. these are RTOS custom OS based systems. 'uploading' a virus into the system is impossible without opening up the FCC. Also your idea of a virus wouldn't even work on these systems. there isnt even memory space to load a virus in the first place
Transponders don't have to be turned off manually. Not if you have some sort of electrical failure.
And thats my point turbocharged....the fact that people who dont know and it is all opinion (mine included) wanted to say I was wrong...when they dont know either. You can call me bias but in the same respect you are bias. Your opinion isnt anymore right than mine and until its proven that the pilots didnt commit suicide or a terrorist plot didnt happen....i'm right but then again you could be right. Its just so funny how quick everyone is to accept these new sketchy details and go well...yeah thats what happened. So go ahead...but again....it looks like a duck, quacks like a duck and walks like a duck...then its a terrorist plot. But at least Stibsffe gave a logic comment. He could be right or I could be right. So go ahead and say what you want...No one knows!!!! And I still say you are all racist for voting a man presedent due to skin color!!!
Obama's birth mother is white, he is half and half!
But John, I didn't offer any opinion about this matter. I simply pointed out that your allegations are just that; allegations. And that's what turns people off.
How do Rush's balls taste John?
John, lets face facts, your a bit sad really if all you want to achieve on here is to bait people. Never mind son, one day you might just grow up.
The suppositions in this article are ludicrous. It seems the author's intent is merely to cloud the waters with more unverifiable nonsensical "woulda/ coulda/ shoulda" statements. Airbus 330: this idiotic writer states that investigators were able to re-create what happened in the Airbus's crash DUH!!!!!!!... when they finally RECOVERED the FLIGHT RECORDER and listened to the dialogue (the transcript of which is public record available on the internet) that would have led to them being able to "figure out" what happened after the pitot iced over and the pilots had to take manual control.
Terrorism doesn't work if everybody thinks it was an accident. It is called Terrorism for the very reason that you want to scare your enemy.
John buddy you are forgetting something about terrorists. Terrorists always want to make people have to clean their shorts, like Lockerbie, the London tube and 9/11. A suicidal pilot would have crashed long before 7 hours were up. Hijackers always want to land someplace safe. I may not be able to tell you exactly what happen, but I know what didn't by numerous previous examples.
tc-Totally a grown man but enjoy making #$%$ of people. AT least I admit it. And look deep into yourself and you most likely will find you are an internet troll!!! Chongo-I'm only into women but please make sure obama eats soem pinapple next time before you blow him....it will make you less bitter. And you look bad with the pants at haly ankle so pull them up. I mean I know obama needs that quick easy access...but you are embarrassing yourself. and as John said.....Its pure opinion and the fact you all gave me so much value and worth in your life makes me sad. Everyone had to be right and to "prove" me wrong when in fact No one knows. But please keep it coming I hadnt looked at the post for a while since last night and it seems I still have some peoples attention. So YAY Me!!! On a side note...Syracure was over seeded and the LA doyers suck!!!
Wow...chongo...you headed right where it was going...Good boy...good Obama lap dog...maybe he'll give you a reach around one of these times!!!
So now that they are saying the pilot was in charge of the plane and made the airplane plot changes on his own and flew it till no more gas....which would seem like suicide and a form of terrorism....how many of you former posters are going to say..."I'm sorry John, looks like you were right!!!" Probably none and you don't have to. I posted what seemed most likely and you trolls had o say you were right. Turns out i'm mostly right but no one still knows for sure. So before you go all troll up...stop and think a second...then think some more and realize your opinion isn't more valid than mine or many of the other posters whom you troll on. Oh and get over yourself!!! I did have fun with this post and amazing it looks like I was Spot on!!!
Pretty broad definition of terrorism John. Sorry you have to reach.............around.
Chongo...you were done a long time ago...but please continue
a fire could have killed the radio systems
If there was a fire they would try to turn off as many electrical devices as they could.
Whenever my planes sets afire I turns off the doggone transpondentaters too!
The turn was toward the nearest land and airport, but the pilots were apparently disabled and could not land. Check the simulation of the flight from radar. They than passed over the land and flew on int the Indian Ocean.
So a fire and a "supposed" change toward the nearest land....yet...they still took time to turn off the transponder. Hmmm.....Oh and lets say a fire or whatever...Not a single call on the radio or any system. There are ways to get at least some type of call out...even morse code which can be done. But again....Hmmm...lets turn off the plane's transponder so no one knows where we are at!!!
The nearest airport is in Malaysia and yet, they flew 7 hours after making that turn? If the plane was in bad shape, it could not have flown 7 hours! This is deliberate and you do not have to be genius to figure that one out!
Another point which people want to ignore...Virgil. Nope...no one can call it terrorism or blame muslims because that's not PC. Funny how much they want to ignore facts...If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck and quacks like a duck....then its a duck!!!
Lithium batteries in cargo started fire and burned the rack mounting below disabling comms and transponder is probably most likely thing that happened.
An electrical fire could have disabled many systems, like the radio. What would you do ? Shut off everything except what would keep the airplane flying, including the transponder. This sounds like something catastrophic happened ... being in an airplane is like being on a boat in the middle of the ocean - but worse. An electrical fire would wipe out your ability to communicate. However, wiping out an electrical system on an airplane would also eliminate the oxygen systems too ... without the black box - we will never know for certain.
So if no one is flying the plane as all those on board are dead for some reason, can the plane not stay aloft on it's own for more than 6 hours until it runs out of fuel?
John is most definitely a duck. Quackers no less. Dumb dumb scared and afraid. Brainwashed even. Dope. Low IQ. Not smart.
You got me Chewie.....I mean I know that a fire is the most likely cause ::wink, wink:: because I would make sure that I turn off the transponder....oh which you cant send an emergency signal so good tyy on that one....Yep....So an emergency...we fly away from the closest land mass...make sure we turn off the thing which would allow us to be located...all at the perfectly timed place when the radar edge looses us. Oh yeah...You got me...it all makes sense....Yep....Suicide by pilots and the muslims win by having idiots think it was some sort of malfunction and the pilots are actually heroes now!!! Get over yourselves.....oh and please Retort.....
John - clearly a man knowing of all facts.
Enough facts to know that you want to believe its not terrorism but in fact it is... Occum;s Razor!!!!
Google Helios Flight 522 - there is a Boeing 7 series that crashed - very similar story
The two Iranians with stolen passports on board have not been explained either.
Well something happened and not one time has anything been classified as a plane or plane part in the ocean; its debris or objects. What if it did fly to Pakistan and Israel knows something is going down. That would explain a lot.of them preparing for an emergency. And then 239 people with know calls going out I know some of them had to have had satellite cell phones on them and not one call. This is all speculation but until that plane is found, I am not going to say its over. Its not like governments have not lied before. The plane was own by Muslims, 5 Muslim were on the plane with false passports, they were coming from a Muslim country, one of the pilots was Muslim and so this could be a terrorist plot; however, we don't know.
Ah, John the aviation expert clears everything up for us!
If there was an electrical fire, the flight crew would begin shutting circuit breakers to try and isolate the system which was on fire. That turns the transponders off. But, they know that military radar will still see them the old fashioned way. (Reflection) They turned towards the nearest runway big enough to take them, and descend to a lower altitude where oxygen isn't required. Why? Because you can't use oxygen in a fire. They set the auto pilot on a course for that airport, and continue trying to find the cause of the fire/smoke/toxic fumes, whatever the emergency is. Unfortunately, the flight crew, along with the cabin crew and passengers, are overcome by fire/smoke/toxic gases, and the airplane continues flying until it runs out of fuel or the fire reaches control surfaces. This happens over the Indian Ocean. These pilots probably died trying to save their airplane and thus, their passengers. I read where a pilot quoted that in that situation you, "Aviate-Navigate-and then Communicate." They just ran out of time.
The plane and passengers are gone. Now it is time to begin the defense of lawsuits. If the captain and first officer were to blame, it would cost Malaysian Airlines hundreds of millions of dollars. If they are heroically trying to save a stricken airplane, then the costs shift to Boeing.
No, disabling of the transponders could have been don accidentally while trying to do something else.
if it were on fire it would not be able to continue flying making a couple sharp turns for SEVEN hours. no way. it would go down
a plane flying over the united states lost pressure and continued to fly with dead pilots and passengers for 3 hours
Remember--if you have a fire (smoke) or decompression (instant condensation of all the water vapor) you can't see. The first think you want to do is get your mask on--no you are in a push to talk situation with the button at the side of your seat. And by the way--while you are desperately trying to deal with the emergency, the relatively inexperienced FO might blindly reach down to push that button to talk to his Captain. Know what else is right next to that button? The transponder switch. Very possible the transponder could have been accidentally turned off. Also possible the electronics cold have been turned off (or burned out) because of a fire. Another thing, you get 2 flight plans in the computer. The one you are flying plus another. Some very cautious and experienced pilots will program an emergency flight plan into the computer. The first thing you want to do in the event of a fire or decompression is to flight out of the air traffic lanes then get down and maybe turn back toward your base--all with the push of a button. The plane did exactly that with the push of a button. Meanwhile, it's a #$%$ show dealing with the emergency--obviously they couldn't and succumbed. The plane keeps flying until it runs out of gas. No space aliens or weird conspiracies necessary
The airport that had a long enough runway is Pulau Langkawi an island off Malaysia which was where the plane was pointed at when it turned left. My bet is the pilots were trying to save all lives on board and there was a fire on board. Acording to a comment written by a pilot the landing gear and tires maintenance records should be checked cos the last fire a week ago had the same problem in US.This pilot had written the comments with great insight to flying and handling of emergencies this is the best senerio from anyone I have been following this disaster.
The theory of an electrical fire is called into question because of the autopilot still working and the plane flying on for hours... OK so they maybe accidentally turned off the transponder but what about the ACARS?? There are multiple comm systems on these aircraft so shutting them all down at the same time...not likely and they should have had time to send at least 1 mayday call. Having worked on Boeing 777's I know for a fact they have an extensive fire detection and suppression system in the lower deck from nose to tail. The lithium batteries usually only catch fire when connected to a device not shipped in boxes.
Agree, the author is nuts. He left out the part where the pilots must put on their special oxygen masks, and the part where the plane crashes within minutes after a fire that is so catastrophic that it kills everyone on board. It does not fly on for several hours if the fire is that bad. The author's comments are speculative and seem less probable than an intentional diversion given how long the plane flew and given the lack of any radio contact.
Ron a fire or rapid depressurization are the only things that fit. Yes they have a halon system. Quite a few pilots have agreed these guys had a very bad day. The fact is this bird turned into a ghost craft that flew until it ran out of fuel. Terrorists blow things up and then brag about it. A suicidal pilot would have crashed long before 7 hours were up. Hijackers land someplace safe. Since you work on these birds what accident seems plausible to you?
any person that thinks a pilot would shut down comms and transponder because of a fire, is a complete idiot! in an emergency YOU ALWAYS GET YOUR LOCATION/STATUS OUT, for the very reasons we are seeing (recovery and rescue). no scenario would disable all those systems. not to mention the plabe flew for hours after the first deviation. the flt controls were either hacked in realtime OR a virus was preloaded in the flt control computers essentially locking out the pilots. nothing points to the 2 pilots being suicidal/terrorist or just bad pilots. 3rd party hack
There could have been a short in the wiring that started a "toxic" fire and Also took out the transponder and the lost of cabin pressure.
The investigation of the Boston bombing was only successful because they limited information to the public, if the media got their hands on crucial information earlier both brothers most likely would still be on the loose. In this case Malaysia kept the media informed with theories and soiled 2 pilots names. The flight simulator at home I believe was normal because he was a trainer and could of been using it at home to prepare for class like any dedicated trainer would do
There is a setting on the transponder called standby. The pilot probably was in the process of changing his transponder code to 7700 (emergency) and switched to standby before changing the code and hitting the "ident" button on transponder.This would have lit up the radar like a Christmas tree if he was able to complete the action. But hypoxia overtook him and his co-pilot.
more bs and more geusswork this article made no sense at all
The articles from The Daily Beast, what should we have expected, right?
One thing has become clear as a result of this tragedy. Cable "news" is NOT news !
It sounds like the ways these peoples change their story every 5 minutes, that they are trying to get themselves off the hook. I hope the Chinese go after them with everything they've got. I don't think they'd know how to tell the truth if their own lives depended on it.
Anything to avoid a lawsuit! Someone else should be investigating their pilots and not them! It is called bias and a conflict of interest!
Time for your daily load of #$%$.
There seems to always be a rush to judgement. Everyone wants to be ahead on breaking news. I have said from the beginning to wait and see how it plays out. This takes time, but our news wants to report something every hour when there really is nothing to report. I had long ago stoped watching reports on this because no one had the facts.
Wait a minute. You have two titles to the story. The first, "pilots may have tried to save plane".....then you open it up and it's "pilots tried to save plane". Why?
In other words, they still don't know a damn thing!
You dont fly a plane several hours into the sub antarctic desolate region of South Indian ocean and run it out of fuel because of lack of control, mechanical failure, or attempting to make a emergency landing. US, UK, Australia, and French are NOT supporting what this article is attempting to imply. Why? Because the evidence already supports what I have been sharing for a week. NOT a conspiracy, not hysteria, and not some psychic perception. Solid eveidence already in hand - the pilot is a mass murderer who desired to make plane disappear and create greatest aviation mystery in history. There was no plot with any other people, no terrorist desire, in fact this is not terrorism by definition. There also was nobody found yet who had even the slightest inclination he would do this. The only real mystery is the 2 water activated beacons and how he disabled them or how they failed. Of course the precise location is a mystery too but is not required to determine what happened, how, and why. Right now USA authorities have already spoken with family of Americans and are having informal and formal debate on how, when, if, and what info to release. The ideal in these situations is to hand info to nation flight departed form and they handle it but Malaysia has demonstrated incompetence and is suspected to alter or hide facts. Time is not of the essence nor is it desired to waste time. The guilty is dead. The innocent can not be saved. The families will still suffer. The media is not even asking the right people the right questions. Journalism is not exactly at the height of its profession. Need I even say that?
sub Antarctic? sub Antarctic? where the h3ll is that?
You seem a little whacked out... Perhaps there was an electrical fire that broke out in the flight deck and the Capt and F.O. were busy trying to fight the fire, get to the nearest suitable airport, answer distracting calls from the flight attendants, all while being burnt by flames in a smoke filled cockpit. Then again perhaps the Whackos that have been hyping conspiracy all over the news are truly master sleuths getting to the bottom of some sinister plot.... I would believe that the pilots boarded that aircraft with every intention of operating that A/C safely to its destination and going to sleep... because that is what pilots do... in full disclosure I am an American, who loves his country, flies airplanes for a living, votes republican, and despises that so many 'experts' exercise contempt prior to investigation.
You seem a little whacked out... Perhaps there was an electrical fire that broke out in the flight deck and the Capt and F.O. were busy trying to fight the fire, get to the nearest suitable airport, answer distracting calls from the flight attendants, all while being burnt by flames in a smoke filled cockpit. Then again perhaps the Whackos that have been hyping conspiracy all over the news are truly master sleuths getting to the bottom of some sinister plot.... I would believe that the pilots boarded that aircraft with every intention of operating that A/C safely to its destination and going to sleep... because that is what pilots do... in full disclosure I am an American, who loves his country, flies airplanes for a living, votes republican, and despises that so many 'experts' exercise contempt prior to investigation.
Thinking, You are void of your name sake.
Not a pilot, are you, Thinking?
Bet thinking is a tea bagger.
2005 Helios Flight 522 737-300 google it. Things can happen real fast at 30,000 feet. This is most plausible scenario
@Thinking, sadly, I'm forced to agree with you. There's simply no other way to explain the complete shutdown of communications coupled with the controlled 'evaisve' flying that took place.
And you know the Pilot was alive all this time? Idiot
Joseph B., you basically called it, but the conspiracy nuts have another case that they'll never let go of.
You are a pure idiot, and a really poor liar. nothing in your post is true, period. The USA knew over a week ago that the plane was in the Indian Ocean, and the Brit's agree. Idiot.
I agree with you on pilot suicide. Its the most likely scenario.. all other scenarios have flaws. people refuse to believe such a horrific and taboo thing as pilot suicide.
Who said it ran out of fuel?
copy it, paste it, re read it in 3 months and ask yourself why you rudely and emotionally doubt something you are so ignorant about just because you dont like it. Interestingly non pilots accuse me of not being a pilot. I guess only pilots know the plane took a course nowhere near an airport. I guess pilots would only be able to determine what murder is. lol I shared the info. Be angry, be happy, be whatever, but dont whine months form now about how long it took you to find out what happened.
Even if the pilot shut the transponder off I'm sure he knew he'd still be at risk of being seen by military radar once he flew back over Malaysia, which is a high risk to take if one doesn't want military intervention for traveling off a flight plan w/ a 777. Not to mention someone in the crew (including the co-pilot) fighting back to stop the suicide which would cause a struggle on-board. Suicide seems very improbable, if anything its more likely to be similar to the Helios Flight Dave mentioned.
Remember--if you have a fire (smoke) or decompression (instant condensation of all the water vapor) you can't see. The first think you want to do is get your mask on--now you are in a push to talk situation with the button at the side of your seat. And by the way--while you are desperately trying to deal with the emergency, the relatively inexperienced FO might blindly reach down to push that button to talk to his Captain. Know what else is right next to that button? The transponder switch. Very possible the transponder could have been accidentally turned off. Also possible the electronics cold have been turned off (or burned out) because of a fire--and no one can see worth a damn. Another thing, you get 2 flight plans in the computer. The one you are flying plus another. Some very cautious and experienced pilots will program an emergency flight plan into the computer. The first thing you want to do in the event of a fire or decompression is to fly out of the air traffic (program a turn for about 15 miles) lanes then get down (to say 10,000 feet) and maybe turn back toward your base (program another turn)--all with the push of a button. The plane did exactly that with the push of a button. Meanwhile, it's a #$%$ show dealing with the emergency (most people watch too many movies where the pilot dealing with the emergency radios instead of giving the plane his full attention so the audience has a narrative)--no timeouts to switch to HF and try to make a long distance call (what is the person on the other end of the line supposed to do to help put out the fire and fly the plan anyway?)--obviously they couldn't overcome the catastrophe and succumbed. The plane keeps flying until it runs out of gas. No space aliens, terrorists, suicides or weird conspiracies necessary
I'm sure that plane could fly on fire for 7 hours. This article and most of the replies are #$%$. This was pilot suicide and making the evidence disappear was a success. This guy took 200+ people kicking and screaming to their deaths to a place where their bodies will never be found. This is the most heinous and diabolical act anyone has committed since 911. A monster did this, perhaps he was pushed past his breaking point because of the political climate of his country or his wife and children leaving him in a 2 day span. I really think he snapped and went psychotic, you'd have to be a really evil person to do this with a clear head. There is absolutely no evidence to support mechanical issues to explain this. There is no way that plane made it all the way to the southern part of the Indian Ocean because of an accident.
Years ago, my neighbor and fellow Navy pilot, was flying a typical cross country flight. Communications with him were lost. His aircraft never descended upon reaching Jax, FL. Air Guard scrambled and when they reached his jet the canopy was frosted and they were able to see enough to determine he was unconscious. The plane ran out of fuel over the Atlantic and was lost at sea. This scenario, from what appears to be the known actions of the flight, agrees with possible multiple system failures due to unknown causes. The ascent and turns and descents lend a little credence to a back up flight plan in the computer which may have engaged after the pilots attempted to address the initial catastrophe. The theory of all on board being dead and flight computer in control, is certainly possible and would explain the aircraft flying under control at an oxygen rich altitude on a steady heading for several hours.
@Thinking Yes, you are right when you say: "You don't fly a plane several hours into the sub antarctic desolate region of South Indian ocean and run it out of fuel because of lack of control, mechanical failure, or attempting to make a emergency landing" But who said that's what happened?? Read Drew and Ryan's take on this. If the cabin filled up with smoke (accidently, see Drew's statement) it could have killed all the people crew and passengers and the plane would have flown on auto 'til it crashed.
I despise teabaggers, conspiracy nuts, and liars. The flight over Malaysia was not straight. It was exactly where it needed to be to best avoid detection. Coincidence? Like I said, print it and read it months form now and also your immature, evidence lacking, fact lacking insult and ask yourself why you were so emotional about denying what I shared? (well, for some people anyway - a few people here have shown they dont kneejerk react and dont think with emotion) BTW, it wasnt so much suicide as twisted desire for a twisted sort of fame in death. I saw this once in combat where a guy was depressed and felt military was his only positive. He risked his life in illogical ways several times in effort to die a hero. I am extremely happy to say he got the help he needed and last time I checked up he was happy and doing positive things for himself, society, and our country albeit not in military anymore. He was a great man and soldier and still is great guy. That is obviously far from mass murdering hundreds to accomplish fame or appeared heroism but it is an example of how death sought is not typical want to die suicide we think of.
Turn one: to south west toward land Turn two: above land and turned more to South not toward ANY airport Turn three: after crossing Malaysia and Indonesia and above ocean turns to Northwest towards India and middle east and parallel to Indonesian coast Turn four: away from land to South south west. Turn 3 was deception. Turn 2 was avoiding detection. Incapacitated crew wont make turns 2, 3, and 4. A just in case programmed route would not include turns 2, 3, and 4. Looking at only the turns we know as fact support the information i have shared on why and how and what happened. I am sorry if it isnt the cool answer and I am sorry if people refuse to believe its possible for such a horrible tragedy to be balanced by one sick twisted man and no way to blame someone for letting it happen. I do know as a scientific fact that humans want great tragedy to be balanced by something else great. This is why so many refused and still refuse to believe Boston bombers acted alone or minimally with only 1 or 2 others. It doesnt balance the horror enough. This is why so many conspiracy theories become popular. What I have shared is not a conspiracy in any way. It is not fantastic. It is not impossible in any way. It IS what happened. Even if every single person on earth says it is not, that does not change facts and history. Of course, nothing will change the result either.
Have they even found any evidence of ANYTHING yet? Not even a piece of the plane????? What the heck is going on? A complete speculation and now multiple fairy tales available according to your choice of finale.....
If this is true, there must have been one split second when either of the of pilots could have made an SOS contact...
I wonder how much the guy who wrote this bunch of bull got.
and this thing about wooden pallets found floating, wooden pallets are not uncommon, they could come from anywhere. they found a few pallets floating around and nothing else? doesn't convince me.
You can't possibly believe the stuff you wrote?
This is a test. Does Yahoo really change #$%$ pit to $% pit. What about #$%$ Tracy. Is he now @&*% Tracy?
Nothing to see here. Move along now.
Saving the plane from what? Again we're back to the stolen passports and who were these guys?
OMG! Say it ain't soooo! "The Government got it wrong" I'm shocked... :-O
What a TWISTED Tale this is.
What a speculating load of Bovine skitology!
THEORIES, THEORIES, THEORIES! 16 days of #$%$! Why did they go off course in the first place? No one knows anything and the plane is still missing!!!! WHAT A BUNCH OF SLAP-HAPPY RESCUERS THESE PEOPLE HAVE BEEN! Does anyone know REALLY know anything?
First it was "Trust us, we are EXPERTS, it was deliberate sabotage. No way this was an accident. The actions of the pilots make no sense." Now it's "Trust us, we are EXPERTS, this was a heroic attempt to save a plane that suffered a major malfunction. The actions of the pilots make perfect sense." "Expert." You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
LOL. These days anybody with a title is an "expert". Although I strongly support education, I know too many educated idiots whose ego eclipses their intelligence.
The media reported after a satellite picked up a round object in the ocean that "BOATS HAVE SQUARE OBJECTS ON THEM AND PLANES HAVE ROUND OR OVAL OBJECTS ON THEM"....and this object was round in shape and would be conducive from that of a plane....... ok then......If boats only have square objects on them, what is the shape of a life preserver/life saver on a boat?
I am sick and tired of all these so-called experts that are on tv who don't know jack about what happened.
But tragedy SELLS and the world is tuning in to see what's next, and they hear it, once the ads for Chevrolet, Sprint, Coca-Cola, Budwiser, Grab some Buds, and a visit from Flo, the Progressive girl are done.
More Hype??? You have got to be (as the Germans would say) Scheissen mich.
next they will tell us it was a UFO abduction
I just came to look at the nice photo, they posted. Ive stopped reading on this. Nothing but misinformation or lack of news.
Everybody gotta put there 2 cents in . Dumb #$%$ idiots !
So...disaster arrives less than one minute after the "Al right...Good Night" sign-off from the co-pilot. Amazingly...the transponder was turned-off just one-minute after the sign-off...when systems are shut-down to isolate where a possible fire originated?? Wow...what are the chances? Also...not even one hour out of Kuala Lumpur, yet no programming to get back to Kuala Lumpur? Noooo...? Ummm...OK? Also...ACARS was NOT switched-off for HOURS. This writer fails to take correct account of several facts, while claiming some things he can NOT possibly KNOW.
I am not sure, was it the Malaysia authorities who trashed the pilots or the media....
Now all of a sudden the media does a complete 180 ..........I wasn't aware that there were any more facts........still just speculation...........
The families should sue CNN and the Malaysian government for slander. This was a public tar and feathering with no facts to back up the twisted narrative CNN used to get ratings. Shame on you CNN!
Clive Irving ...aka ...clive irving the blogger "journalist wanna-be" reports his opinion as fact. Anyone who has faith or belief in the media ...should NOT have the right to vote ...they just don't have the brains for it.
I thought it was beyond strange that I heard so much about the pilots and even crazy things like aliens yet I heard very little about those two Iranians with stolen passports.....
"Pilots may have crashed plane" would be just as accurate, at this point.
May have? Might have? Could have? The experts are still guessing as to what might have happened meaning they still have no clue because there is nothing concrete to go on. Which means I'm not buying the story that the plane is in the ocean but since the "officials" have said it is, the search is over and we'll never know the truth.
how to make chicken soup with stones...
I think we can quit with the guessing and wild speculation they still don't know anything
The art of lying is alive and well all over the world.
I really have no idea what this reporter is trying to say or report other than being an arm chair quarterback
Until the plane is found there is nothing more to say.
Lets see what the black boxes have to say.
Let,s stop the guessrama until we get some facts !!!!
if they were trying to save the airplane tell us this. Why did they fly east and then turn south to open ocean and nowhere near land. Your explanation has a lot of holes in it. Please stop lying to us.
how could the media possibly know this? It is like saying "pilots could have possibly taken a dump" before plane crashed.
Astonishing how many TOTAL MORONS are "attempting to THEORIZE" asking SUPER IGNORANT questions when they have lttle to ZERO factual information to use? No one really KNOWS anything.
This story is an attempt to blame Boeing and not heroic Muslims.
"(Captain Shah) had been practicing left turns on his simulator." ... Hell, Jimmy Johnson has been doing for his whole life, he must be a hillbilly terrorist.
A Muslim and a Leftist? Sounds like he was in the Dearborn wing of the Democrat party! The guys who have trouble identifying CAPITOLS, along with many of their DemoKKKrat and NAZIcrat brethren!
Why did 4 Muslim Democrats thumb me down? Using the same "turned LEFT" argument that some Hussein worshipper used? Or are you DemoKKKrats, NAZIcrats and Dearborn DNC Islamofascists still BITTER that you're loud shouts of "NINE" "LA" and "NO" weren't counted at your convention?
The coverup continues and the spin begins since they are giving up on finding the evidence to what really happened.
So all this is going on an nobody radios any distress signals? yeah right......
Stay tuned tomorrow for ANOTHER EPISODE OF AS THE STORY CHANGES
One thing that is consistent!! The Malaysian authorities are a bunch of f-n morons
Why are lithium batteries allowed to be shipped on passenger planes???
I was asking the same question in a similar thread. Such flammable cargo should be not allowed on passenger planes.
Black Box, Black Holes...something smells fishy to me.
Nothing more than media fodder.... Show me the plane (or its parts).
What i don't understand is, Why Subermarine not sent into that " India ocean " area , They claim plane is ? Malaysia people, Should first thing is send a " Sub " to find it , Not a bunch of airplanes idiots !!!
because in a submarine, you can't see anything??
So what happens...say in the cockpit all people flying the aircraft become in capacitated how does someone in the cabin ...say with flying experience, get into the fortified cabin?
So let me get this right. I am having probs w/my aircraft. I then head towards what is maybe the most deepest body of water in the world with the "intent" of SAVING the aircraft? That dog don't hunt.
Each day brings a new "guess" as to what happened. Sad.
This MH370 event sounds like a script from "The Twilight Zone". Remember "The Twilight Zone"?
yes and it's still on cable. great show
Quit trying to fabricate scenarios !!! First maybe high jackets, maybe a bomb, maybe suicide???? You dont have a story so dont try to make one up !!!!
The sourcing of these statements remains obscure ... Only because they don't want the public to know.
Isn't it amazing how "news reporters" have the ability to fabricate a story to sway public opinions on anything you can think of. Yahoo's web sight is just loaded with this kind of junk.
So in a nutshell they still don't know.
@Brian - In A Nutshell -- YEP !!
"champaign and flight attendants"? this is a JOKE!!!!! ANY crew member in uniform is NOT allowed to drink or even be seen at a bar. the capt of the air france went to his private crew bunk...I know this is not related to the Malaysian mishap but just goes to prove what a farce this article is......just sayin.
"Imagine where the speculation could have taken this scenario..." They used that as an example of the type of speculation that could have taken place with the Air France flight, the author wasn't accusing the pilot of anything,
This article is a complete lie.....
Wake me up when they find the damn plane.
You'll be sleeping forever, I'm afraid.
Suspend judgment before it's time to suspend the pilots by the neck
The Malaysian authorities are being devious on this whole matter. Something about this tells me they are trying to hide something...........the truth.
Some people knew what happened much earlier but aren't sayin.
where does the' last words' from the co-pilot fit into this latest scenario?
The media has achieved its goal. No one knows what to believe anymore.
Still holding to the lithium batteries in hold assumption....
If I dream up and write a bunch of B.S. and it gets printed, am I an author or writer? If so I'm in.
If he was having trouble with the plane should he have not called the tower? Co pilot said good night no mention of trouble. Come on man this was a planed killing, nothing else.
Whenever I ask "why can pilots turn off the Transponder?", I get slammed by people talking about electrical issue diagnostics and such.... Yet, the Black Box cannot be turned off by the pilot............
Black Box have batteries. Unless you can take out the batteries, then there is no way to kill it.
What I'm trying to say is I don't think pilots should have the ability to turn the Transponder off. When I say that, I am criticized and told they need to be able to turn everything off to search for electrical issues. Since the Black Box can't be turned off, why not make the Transponder unable to be turned off too? By the way, the Black Box only has a 30 day battery for the ping transmitter, the recording is all done via the aircraft electrical system. I know this because of an Air Disaster show that explained the reason they were able to determine an Air India 747 was downed by a bomb was due to the sudden loss of all Black Box recordings when the bomb severed the electrical wiring and split the plane in two.
A pilot on a suicide mission makes more sense.
Last week, the pilot may have been a terrorist....this week, he may have been a hero ? for all they know Sarah Palin could be right..maybe the plane did fly up to heaven !! :)
I wonder why they didn't call them Orange Boxes from the start... they are not black. Were they black at one point? Probably not, as orange stands out. Interesting.
Ok, so I guess I could have used Google first. Depends on who you talk to. Yes, as both me and chuck suggested, they were originally black until 1965 when they were required to be orange to make them more visible. And then there is the mystical "black box", where stuff goes in and stuff comes out, but we really don't care what goes on inside to make it happen. So, it's black box painted orange. :)
Watsa... perhaps, but I have never heard of an ELT or a transponder or a GPS or an altimeter or a FMS or anything in the radio stack called a Black Box. Maybe this was something a A&P called them? Something from the days of the "war"? Share your anecdotal evidence please! I'd like to learn something new.
if it was a fire that brought this plan down, i think it is crucial to find the wreckage and if possible, get to source of the fire. one expert had mentioned that there have been some fires on these 777's before. all on the ground. is this some kind of problem that is beginning because of the age of the planes or miles flown? or even lack of maintenance. there a lot 777 in use. keep them safe!
And the point of this article is???? Do we all realize that this article actually says nothing at all...?????
It is kind of ironic. Seven billion people on the earth and no one knows what happened to this one plane, or someone is not saying what happened. Everyone is just coming up with different theories as to what happened to the plane. We will either find out what happened or we will never know. That is what it comes down to.
More speculative nonsense, could have, might have, if, therefore, then, and so on..........
Maybe they should find the plane first...
I wish I could believe the Malaysians, but they have tried to shift the blame to the airplane and I can not accept their story!!
I don't know why these media outlets put out speculative information about this flight without the facts....Oh, yeah, casing the ratings.
Tomorrow will be a new theory
This is CNN Breaking News with no new news but plenty of whackos willing to speculate on-air for the 100th time.
In about a year from now we will know what happen the story's now are just but dropings
My only question, How can you ever say this is what happened with zero evidence or debris? If you can't prove a theory, it remains just a theory.
Instant insanity ..... just add Islam!
If u lv out all the media theories the ans is simple...something bad occuredq, the pilots tried to recover the craft..but we're unable...probably involved electrical which shut off transponder...maybe the batteries in the hold or something else...need black box to determine if something bout the 777...lets hope they can find the box...so many questions....
I'll tell you who hopes the black box is never found........Boeing.
Next time you fly, ask the person at checking 'what cargo is on the plane other than passenger bags'. (They won't tell you) ask if they are transporting any batteries (they won't tell you)
Here is something I posted 6 days ago in response to a story titled: New uncertainty about missing Malaysian plane I'll stick with my hypothesis (that has been getting quite a lot of negative response) that an electrical outage - perhaps due to fire - knocked out the radios, transponder, ACARS and the flight controls (the 777 is fly by wire). Please note - I am a electrical engineer working in telecommunications - not a Boeing engineer - but I see some similarities to situations I have observed in the past and I'd recommend anyone interested in my point of view to Google 1.) Hinsdale phone office fire 2.) ValueJet crash 3.) Payne Stewart crash At this point, we know that the Malaysia Airlines flight spoke to air traffic control shortly after 1:00 AM as they were leaving Malaysian airspace. Shortly after that the transponder stopped responding and nothing more was heard from the radios or the ACARS data link. It has been reported that the flight computer was programmed to change course from the original heading. There are two possibilities why the pilots didn't make additional radio contact, either they chose not to or they were unable to. If they chose not to there are several possibilities. 1.) They could be stealing the plane, which though possible seems unlikely to me as they would need someplace to land it unobserved and a 777 is not a stealth plane. It requires a fairly large landing strip and is a pretty big blip on a radar screen...if you fly it over land where there are a fair number of radars, both civilian and defense. 2.) The pilots could have been committing an act of terrorism, but the lack of any credible announcement leads me to discount that. Terrorists announce that they committed an act and why. If no one knows, it defeats the purpose. 3.) This could be a pilot suicide. It happens, there was an Egyptian Air flight a number of years ago that is generally believed to be a pilot suicide.....but in this case the plane's engines telemetry links remained active for several hours which doesn't seem right to me for a suicide. If you want to commit suicide by plane you fly it into the surface, point the nose down and crash. If the pilots were unable to use the radios there are a couple possibilities. 1.) Someone else hijacked the plane and prevented them. I see this as the same scenario as the pilots stealing the plane or being terrorists. Stealing it is hard because you have to hide it. Terrorism seems unlikely because nobody has claimed responsibility. 2.) A systems failure knocked out the radios. This seems the likely option to me. While aircraft systems have redundancy built in....so do telephone systems. (Note how your phones generally work during a power outage) That said, there are always cases where redundant systems fail. A fire, as on the ValueJet flight, could take out any electronics in the area....including the radios, ACARS, transponder and flight controls. If it was localized to the cockpit area, it would not necessarily take down the airplane, nor would it affect the engines or their telemetry if their systems are powered directly off the engines. If - as I hypothesize - a electrical systems failure / fire occurred and the air frame remained intact, the plane could continue to fly until the fuel was exhausted and the flight crew would be unable to control the plane or contact anyone via radio. It's possible that they could have succumbed to smoke inhalation or a cabin pressure loss (as in the Payne Stewart crash) and been unable to control the aircraft even if some systems were operational. Note - it is possible that they noticed the problem, noticed their primary controls were inoperative and tried to return to land by changing the flight computer settings before it failed as well. ________________________________________________________________________________________________ Looks like the world is coming around to my way of thinking. What amazes me, is all the negative feedback I received when I posted something similar a few days before this post.
It's really the only thing that makes any sense. I didn't thumb you down.
It’s unlikely an electrical fire knocked out all the items you mentioned. But it’s highly likely the pilots shut down all nonessential items while attempting to isolate the source of the fire. It’s also possible toxic fumes overcome the pilots before they donned oxygen masks. It’s also possible the pilots never attempted to use oxygen because of the fire.
@Tom - on other posts I noted those possibilities as well. If they recover the cockpit voice recorder we will likely get an answer...otherwise we are just speculating. As for my electrical fault theory, I don't believe necessarily that the various systems were taken out individually, but rather due to a general fault. In a telephone office....where we build try to build in redundancy as much as we can....you still have a single point of failure in the DC bus. A failure in your rectifiers or battery string can bring down the entire office. It's not common....but as in this case it only takes once. Still speculation...it could be fumes with the pilots trying to isolate the problem. We'll have to wait and see.
Of course they tried to save the plane, what else would thyd have done? "Hey Joe do you want to try an save the plane? Naaa lets just let it crash" So stupid.
How does the author account for the apparent lack of a fuel slick. A reasonable person would believe the plane flew long enough to run out of fuel before it crashed, thus leaving no slick on the water. Lot of things are weird on this..........
This story has been spun so many times that the truth will never be fully known by the public. Our 24 hour news cycle is a joke!
Come on, it went into a black hole! zzzzzzzzz
We think, it might have been, maybe ,best guess TV . For short, CNN.
The media doesn't know what happened.so every day they come up with a different story.this is their way of not reporting any news
Sorry... ain't buying this one either... the "Black Hole" concept/joke has more credibility than the "heroic pilot" story.
Clive Irving, national nit-wit on the case!
Why is every news story begun with, "Breaking News"?
It's like playing Telephone. Everyone hears something different repeated.
None of the facts makes any sense to me . Here we have a plane that drops off of the RADAR and veers some 100 degrees off course . No country scrambled it's jet fighters ...... Did I just drop into a 2001 time warp ? Apparently no air traffic controllers were going , "Oh #$%$ , we just had a 777 drop off of the comm system ! " Something is fishy here .
The problem with this latest theory......airline expert said plane wouldn't be able to fly 7 hours. Dropping from 36,000 to 12,000 feet the plane would burn gas 50% faster at only 12,000 feet.
the world no longer knows the meaning of truth.
What a LOAD of horse crap!! For 2 weeks, we hear the pilots are probably guilty, then all of a sudden, even though they haven't found the plane, they're saying the pilots tried to "SAVE IT"? Gimmee a Friggin' break. Don't be surprised if that 777 with a nuke on board flies into US airspace and an EMP take out the powergrid for the next couple years. Lemmings. The Gub'ment is lying to you.
How about Yahoo, CNN and every other news outlet get the FACTS- then report it. I'm am tired if these "what ifs". They are really trying to squeeze every last drop out if this.
But if they were trying to save the plane, why fly over land and then out over ocean again? Nothing about this whole tragedy makes any sense at all... it is very sad for everyone.
And here we go! Another theory about what could had happened to the plane! It's crazy, I will wait for those black boxes to be found so we can get the real and true story...
The pilots may have tried to save the plane. Or not.
True. I just think is they were attempting to save it, they would notify some one about the issue on the plane.
Well It's come full circle now. The muslim pilots are now heros.
They tried hard but the black hole was too strong for them, thanks for clearing this up Clive Irving.
I just read a Yahoo! article saying the pilots crashed the plane on purpose. And last week, they were the ones who stole the plane. Which is it?
These stories just get more and more whacked.
One thing you can count on...the "official" story is complete BS.
I think that it is sad for the planes passengers and their relatives that the authorities think that they believe the plane has crashed...That being said...what happened before it did
Now that we are beginning to hear the more rational possibilities of what really happened, maybe the inane 24 hour coverage with pathetic stories of black holes, aliens and all the rest of the stupid comments will convince cable shows not to be so foolish in the future...... NAH, they'll do it again without giving it a second thought
They did not have a clue two weeks ago and they have none now.
Amazing how the press spins their own news..
Why is this still the headlines what about OUR AMERICANS TRAPPED UNDER MUDSIDE IN WASHINGTON STATE
what is going on here. first they say that the plan was hijacked now they are heroes. something is going on here but the powers of be do not want to tell the truth.
Bull. None of this points to heroic action on the part of the pilots. Where are the distress calls? If they descended so low, why no cell phone calls? Who would "save" a plane by taking it to the remote Indian Ocean?
Wow! If you're so smart, why didn't you publish this article a week ago?
Everything is up to speculation, so please stop with the heart-warming stories! It could have been the pilots, it could have been terrorists, it could have been system malfunctions, it could have been god's will!!!!!! Enough of this!
I was about to complain about the fact the plane flew in a straight line to....SOMEWHERE before running out of fuel; then I read Lee's comment below.....
They have no clue what happened & where that plane is
The truth is in the bottom of the ocean
This article sounds like complete BS. It sounds like a cover-up.
Are you freakin kidding me??? For weeks now, they were saying pilot suicide. I don't believe a word they're saying about this flight....period!!!!!
More speculation. "they" don't seem to know what happened yet.
If I'm not mistaken they are 15 hrs ahead its around 8 pm there time so what did they find today? Because for the past few days they've declared the have crates n other objects in their sight, 2 of which are very large. Haven't they arrived there yet?
The search was called off yesterday because of bad sea conditions - it was deemed unsafe for the searchers.
Ty I guess I missed that
You're welcome. I happened to be watching when they announced that.
But, have they actually found the plane yet???????/
@Russell, I think NOT … What say YOU ??
Only on radar... one of worst parts of the Earth for search efforts.
does anyone know what the cargo was in the aircraft maybe that was the cause of the disaster
Lithium Batteries for cell and laptop use.400lbs
I just do not get the fact that there was no mayday call or any communication from some one on the plane if they had this much time to fly the plane after turning it around unless there was a fire or some kind of gas and after they turned the plane they were all knocked out
Still wouldn't at least 1 person be able to get a call out .. A few seconds can be enough to become aware n attempt to make a call surely is there was a fire or something it didn't instantly knock every single person out ...
There are no freaking cell phone towers in the middle of the oceans so any attempt at a phone call would have failed! There was no "MAYDAY" issued by Air France 447 either. My guess is that toxic smoke due- possibly from the lithium-ion batteries in the cargo hold-quickly overcame the crew and everyone else on board at which point the plane continued to fly until it ran out of fuel.
Apathy, thats best reason I heard so far
The media this, the media that. They talk ALL day about the same thing and people watch it. If people would quit watching the #$%$, they would quit making such a big deal about it till they knew some thing. STOP WATCHING THE BS ON THE NEWS !!!!!! The dam girl at work kept getting updates on her dam phone all day.
I heard it described best by a TV personality. Ahhh conspiracy, mental potato chips. Once it is put out there, you cant stop eating.
Will we EVER KNOW? I doubt it...............
Hey Richard! I know your brother Harry Testes!
Just say you have no idea what happened..When you find out what happened then make a statement
Nice...after 3 F*n weeks of telling us that they may have been terrorists, now you want us to believe that they were hereos? Get out of town you Bozo's!
I already predicted they were heroes a long time ago but only now they heard my voice :)
Until the “Black-Boxes” (please don’t throw the "Race Card") are found we can only guess too what really happened.
that's an "if". took 2 yrs to find black boxes from air france. btw, they're orange.
Funny how people stop trash talking the pilot's after they find out the plane crashed. People are mindless sheep.
all that being said, why where they over the southern indian ocean?
How do you save a plane by operating it until it runs out of gas? Unless there were hijackers, I don't get it; next...what was their purpose? and where were they going? Still sounds silly to me. Seems like it was well planned, right up to the time they ran out of fuel?????
It runs out of gas when everybody aboard are unconscious due to a LOSS IN CABIN PRESSURE. Look up on the internet how many planes and pilots have encountered just that fate! Enough of the conspiracy/cover-up theories...PLEASE!
but...but....Bob....EVERYBODY loves a conspiracy theory ;O)
It is simple. The machine broke and they crashed. Aircraft are very reliable, but they are not perfect.
Why don't they just tell the truth? "We don't have a clue as to what happened after contact was lost with MH370."
the c.i.a. planted debris for them to find, this whole thing is a massive operation and cover-up.
People seem to forgot how vast the oceans are! 70% of the planet is water! It's like trying to find a needle in a hay stack!
the airplane manufacturers really need to put some kind of tracking device besides the transponders and the black boxes....how hard is that?....that way NO ONE can turn it off manually....since....what would be the point in turning it off???? To hide something of course.....if you can't turn it off manually, oh well, there is NO hiding.....and even if the plane crashes or "disappears" you'll be able to find it....I wonder if these people who build these planes are told to NOT put in tracking devices that can't be manually turned off.....seems so silly and such an obvious thing to have on these multi-miilion dollar aircraft.... : D
what happen is a spaceship came up next to it and took it, you will find the plane returned in about 30 years in some desert in the middle east and african tribes will be pointing to the sky
How about shutting up until you know something?
I think MSU has a chance to go all the way
here is a thought do anyone of these morons have any idea what happened? I think not quit bumping your gums unless you know what really happened!!!!!!!!
"Trashing the Pilot"? After 911? Are you out of your mind???? Was anyone YOU loved on that plane because that makes a big difference!
Don't tell the conservative radio hosts and Fox news. That will contradict their "terrorists hijacked the plane to blow something up later" theory.
Did I miss something??? Have they found this plane yet..... or no? I know the prime minister of Malaysia made a speech and said it went down but?
I think I read absolutely everything about this plane in 2 weeks, about the pilots, where it was, where it wasn't,etc,etc,etc....the medias are just insane!
So far most of articles are cheap novel... Just let the fact speaks for itself....
This story changes more than obamacare disaster.
These stories are getting more and more far fetched.
I do not believe a word of this.
Another theory..this article tells you nothing !
I don't care which of the theories you support...all I can say is that something just isn't adding up here.
if the pilots had been baptists, we NEVER would have seen such character assassination without cause. you really can't blame it on 9-11 either, as i remember a crash near 20 years ago, an egyptian pilot crashed on approach, and his last words "aluah akhbar" on the blackbox triggered an investigation into his "radical contacts", his "muslim brotherhood" affiliations, and his "religious history". the allegations made headlines for a few weeks, the story on his being "cleared" was mid-paper, a few years later. i remember at the time wondering if such suspicion would have been forthcoming had his last words been "dear god", or "sweet lord a-mighty". funny, huh?
In other words... we don't know what happened.
I wanna know what the FBI is pouring over that hard drive
Meanwhile FBI experts in the US are continuing to examine the hard drive of a flight simulator seized from Zaharie’s home after it emerged that programs he used on it had been deleted. Zaharie used the home flight simulator to practise extreme landings, including on remote Indian Ocean islands such as the US air base in Diego Garcia, investigators have revealed. The hard drive was flown to the FBI laboratory in Quantico, Virginia, at the end of last week after Malaysian investigators failed to retrieve the deleted files, which they suspect may have been ‘buried’ in an elaborate process to cover the user’s tracks.
that is not "pouring". perhaps "poring"
We think, it might have been, maybe ,best guess TV . For short, CNN.
pilots may have does this and that and may have done something else..enough already..all i want to know is how close are they to finding the black box..no more speculation..let's here some real news on this matter
Just an FYI...Left turns are standard air traffic patterns. Making left turns on a simulator means nothing...
What if. That's all we are going to get for the next 10 years.
poor cnn when this story goes away!
Please stop showing and exploiting the victims families.. Enough already!
MALAYSIAN GOVT SUXS BALLZ!!! They are hiding the TRUTH!! The Govt is corrupt
If they turned the plane around to get to the nearest airport then how did they end going out to the middle of the ocean? Perth was not the nearest airport.
Maybe something happened to them on the way and the plane kept going.
smoke filled cabin, pilots passed out?
sO HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN IT FLYING 7000 MORE MILES???
seems like the more info we get the less we know about what actually happened. Everyitem starts a round "this is what might have happened".
It says "comments" not, write me a novel and we will figure out who wins the prize for best speculation. Can anyone comment wout ranting anymore?
I don't think we will ever know the truth about this
Move over Amelia Earhart. We have a new most baffling plane disappearence.
Well someone has to say it: It was Obama's fault! Nope, it was Bush's fault!! Fox News is responsible!! Damn Liberals!!! Fricking Republicans! Al Qaeda!! NRA!! NAACP!! AARP!! NCAA!! NFL!! CIA!! FBI!! UFO!! IDK!!
Yes that is why they made contact with the ground to tell them we have problems and need help saving the airplane. NOT!
The first priority is to get the aircraft under control, on course, and out of immediate danger. No sense in making a distress call until then. The Air France 477 flight from Rio to Paris didn't make a distress call either.
Two observations: Clive Irving is an amateur writer who does not understand the standards of objective journalism, and Yahoo put this blog-filler opinion piece on its 'Yahoo! News' page ...two journalistic crimes.
Im done reading about this plane. These people don't know rat #$%$ from rice crispys.
People need to learn, the media is in the business of selling, not serving,, the public....they could care less about facts......they only care about ratings.
I'm still going with Alien Abduction . . .
So what was the FBI pouring over the hard drive? Maple syrup?
We will never know until we find the black boxes. I'm not buying any theory for the moment. We may never know what really happened.
Until we can recover the victims, plane wreckage and supporting black box we really do not know. The news and their sensationalism at best.
Why don't all of you just shut-up till we actually KNOW something????? There is a lot of strangeness to this incident. If the pilots were trying to "save the plane", then why did they fly to an area so far from anything? No where to land and so far from any possible rescue sights for ditching the plane? I don't know if it was the pilots, a highjacker, or who did what just like all of you KNOW. It is like all the the hoola about the pilots last transmission.....ie....it was "normal" at first, then it was strange a few days later. The AIRLINE failed, the Malaysian Government failed.......tracking commercial planes should not be an option that can be turned off with the flip off with a switch and the technology for the black boxes to be traced needs updated, apparently. This whole situation has been handled ridiculously STUPID! Have all you educated brains in the world think you have solved everything and there is nothing to do??????
Enough BullS___T. Find the freeeking thing and shut up.
no one has enough evidence to conclude anything or even suggest a possibility!!
I ask myself how I would feel about my wife and children flying a comercial airliner if I saw Fariq Abdul Hamid and Zaharie Ahmad Shah's names as co-pilot and pilot? Racism aside,it would never happen!! Say what you may, no way in hell!!!!!
cover up...wow, what next, I think all know what really was going on...the end of it was the plane is down and we are still trying to find parts of it. the truth will never come out.
If we are now being told not to believe what we were told two weeks ago, why should we believe what we are being told now? The supposed "facts" are being relayed by admitted liars. All we know, all we have ever known about this, is that we know nothing. It may have crashed, it may have been stolen. We may never know the full truth.
Thy said this was the safes plane made for every thing that happed to it some one had to do this if not the pilots then how who or what.
Wow. You know what I call a story that has this many inconsistencies... bullsh(t! This is a cover of a probable "accidental" shootdown. They just don't want the world to find out who was doing the shooting. My guess... the good 'ol US of A.
oh so now they making the pilots hero's with out even knowing what went wrong, is sad that they keep making stuff up.
They have to make stuff up, the news media has no credibility anymore.
jet planes cant fly for seven hours on fire.why didn"t the plane explode over malaysia-indonesia_mallacas? like the us fed ,malaysian government is making it up as they go along
Everyone needs to stop. You don't know squat until the data recorder is found. So stop trying to pass off your ignorant opinion as fact
So 18 days later they tell these people the pilots tried to save the plane get real
THis has been a media problem from the beginning. Get the story, any story...make it big and be the first or exclusive...BS...always the confidential source that noone can prove. Now every reporter is blamming someone else....the media has become the way of the unions....worthless.
How many licks does it take to get to the center of Tootsie roll pop? The world may never know, get the point?
Get out your debit cards...someone has to pay for the multi US Aircraft and Naval ships used in the seach.
more like Chinese funded "credit" cards.
I don't think we will ever know the truth about this one.
The plane flew on auto pilot until it ran out of fuel. It is anyone's guess why until they find the boxes. If they do not find them then it will always be a mystery. Fate for those poor souls that chose that flight.
Why are you so sure it was not under human control? I've been watching the coverage of this for weeks and they have no reason to believe one way or the other who was controlling the plane at what time. I'm not being #$%$-y, I'm sincerely asking where did you get that fact from?
Why no mayday call from the pilots?
I'm curious why no one used a cell phone to convey information about what was happening???
Sure, they were out of range way out in the Indian ocean. However, earlier, when they turned around and dropped to 12,000 feet, they flew right over land and at a very low altitude (before eventually heading out into the indian ocean). Clearly something was wrong at that point......why no cell phone communication when low and over land?
I wonder how many cell towers are out in the Indian ocean. I have a cell tower 10 miles away and get 1/2 bar at the most inside my house.
The big hole in the latest version of this story is the total absence of radio calls by the pilots .
This makes as much sense as the CNN hired Psychic who said the aircraft flew into a Black Hole.
if they tried to save it why was it flying the wrong way for a long period of time
Really.... this is a farce..... no emergency calls, no transponders, way off course, no calls from cell phones about the emergency. This is a total and complete lie based on the flight time and the events. Anyone who believes this is a fool.
Please, all horse-**** aside, somebody call me when a body or a recorder is found, and until then lets all believe the craft from over Phoenix AZ , USA, picked them up for a "tour' with some WW II aircraft off Florida's coast
This whole thing stinks to high heaven.
I don't believe this story is correct . the plane can not be deep in the southern indian ocean and had been flying at 12000 ft like they said. not even for a short time. it uses too much fuel, and to return to 35000 ft would use too much fuel. the story is not correct yet. stay tune to the next version.
Where the possible debris is being spotted is 16 days after the crash, meaning it has drifted. in 8 total hours of flight time (at an estimate of 500 mph), would be 4000 miles. The plane had enough fuel for 5800 miles. The other 1800 can account for altitude changes.
The Malaysians weren't trashing the pilots at all. That's a terrible internet-jury verdict.
The truth will never be known...
At least not by the public for sure.
So why didn't anyone make a Mayday call? takes but a second
Start pulling pieces from the water, then get back to us.
and here comes another cover up
OK...first of all...if this was an actual emergency, without terrorists...YOU CALL FOR ASSISTANCE
Yup. It's the one glaring fact, ain't it?
I still do not buy their story, next excuse please!
Here's a bizarre theory....NOBODY knows what really happened, and probably never will (short of digging out the old ouija board and putting it to work).
Redundant radios, numerous cell phones, redundant transponders..... How likely is it that all of these redundant systems all failed??? Not likely at all...
Not sure of many radios and phones that work 100 miles out on the ocean.
So, when everything is said and done... we still don't know @#$#@.
Two stolen Visas about a year apart stolen in two different countries and end up on the same flight ?? better chance of winning the Power Ball
The two were traveling together. What's this about Power Ball, now?
So....what number scenario does this new "hero" spin bring us to?
Who knows. We may never get the answers. Why turn off the transponder?
awww gee. no conspiracy for the pundit to make money off of.
Oh yahoo news, you're the cum-dump of the internet
How about we find the plane first???
They need to find Tattoo (Hervé Villechaize) from Fantasy Island! He could always find the plane!
Pointless article. Poor writing, as one would expect from today's dime-a-dozen journalists.
Give them some credit, after all, it is very difficult to write about something you know nothing about.
I have a great idea lets see what the black box says
The pilot tried to save the plane, are you kidding me after flying the wrong way for 8 hours.
Wrong-Way Corrigan himself wouldn't do that!
this is what happens to countries where ignorant superstition is valued more than rational thought...they can't even form logical deductions from the evidence....
Maybe the pilot just wanted to give the passengers a flyby of Antarctica and didn't think about the fuel???
ho ho ho, i think you should be a comedian
another village lost one of their IDIOTS
Loosen up you 2 Obama lovers....... Take it easy... It was just a joke......
Then why was the tracking turned off? If that is the truth....we will never know.
There has to be a sent text or email from one of the passengers floating in cyber space somewhere...
Not unless they all passed out from fumes or loss of cabin pressure or lack of oxygen....
Allahu Akbar. Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar.
Why is the news keep saying they found the plane? They haven't found didly. Why is not the US involved in any search efforts?
#$%$ #$%$. THIS REPORT IS TRYING TO BRAINWASH PEOPLE INTO THINKING THAT THE PILOT DID NOT WAGE JIHAD AGAINST THE CHINESE INFIDELS!!!! IS THAT WHY THE PILOT'S COMPUTER SIMULATOR INCLUDED THAT OF THE INDIAN OCEAN REGION???? THIS ISLAMIC BS IS WAY TOO MUCH.,...
You should be flushed down the toilet.
the media can't stand the thought that this may still be a terrorist act. It is obvious.
UFO!!! Look people, this is the 21st Century...Marijuana is no longer sold on street corners, you can walk in a "Health" store in Denver and buy an oz....There is a black man President of the United States.....several states have past laws that a man can marry a man and a woman can marry a woman.....we have been to the moon and back, several times....we have satellites reaching The Heavens that can spot a roach down here........And they can't find a 777!!!!!!! Come on, give me a break......UFO.....UFO....UFO!!!
NEWS ALERT...this just in..... the O'barry administration offers the Malaysian spokespeople a job in his administration as they are verified incompetent.....
one of your oily tats....probably on your pecker head.
How does anyone know it's all speculation and most of it is BULL$#%T!
Anyone know more about the Top Secret cargo that was onboard (I'm not talking about the batteries).
How convenient to remove the Top Secret cargo and then ditch a plane into the deepest oceans on earth.
Watch as Malaysian Airlines and Boeing throw the pilot/co-pilot under the bus...easier and cheaper to explain it was the pilots fault than the plane had a problem.
Oh lordy - a voice of reason! Thanks for some sanity...most of the posters didn't show any signs of it!
The daily-idiot is a "voice of reason"? Toke up Phyl, it's "better" that way for "your kind". Really.
I think it is somehow all Obama's fault and they are trying to cover it up......
Are You For Real Daniel ??
And all this with no plane debris yet..putting the horse behind the buggy..let them find it then speculate
FBI poring over. Not pouring over. Yahoo must hire 7th graders.
Really, that is what you take away from this article? Spelling errors?
Now they are trying to make hero's out of the pilots. Guess what folks...there is still no evidence of anything. Good, bad or indifferent.....just more spin.
Bingo. They haven't even verified that the debris (unrecovered) is from this plane. The narrative keeps changing, but they are throwing sand. There has been no satisfactory explanation about anything.
No SOS or Mayday says it all.
This reminds me of the World Trade Center.
Media Media Media---They change Elections, they change how you see the World, good or evil they put the spin to it, and one way or another here in the USA, they proudly stand behind all the BS they promote..nothing else in the world going on for the last 2 weeks CNN has been 24/7 on this plane.. whats going to be the next shiny object they hold over our heads and say SEE.....
Nonsense. That plane flew for hours and no distress call?! That plane was hijacked/sabotaged by SOMBODY.
THERE WAS AN EXPLOSION ON THE PLANE OR SOME TERRORIST ACT,!!!FIGURE IT OUT,!!!LOL!!!IT DOESN"T TAKE A ,"ROCKET SCIENTIST",!!!LOL!!!
What's so funny about 280 odd people dying in a plane crash that you have to put laugh out loud, (lol), not once but twice in your comments?
They still have not found the plane yet and they are ready to say they are all dead.
The plane is buried into a deep sea that can cover by sea sand.....Therefore, it is not easy to spot it or detect it. The government needs to call all world famous psychic readers to contact and talk to the deaths belong to that plane and they would tell what actual happened!...............
Till you people find the plane...STOP REPORTING THEORIES!
Finally an article that makes sense . This will end up being either a depressureaziation or on board fire I hope they find the box to end all tha conspiracy theories
How about an infamous pilot suicide? He will go down in history as part of the mystery. In the middle of Indian Ocean and 20 days later, it probably will remain as the newest aviation mystery.
It wont. The conspiracy theorists will say its fake.
Until they find the black boxes are retrieve all the data from them, this story is going to change every few hours.
Is it really necessary for Yahoo to break up the article with so many "READ RELATED" interruptions? Can't these appear at the end?
I have not followed this story closely, bet I'm as informed as you and believe the truth has been covered up.
The fact there are no groups taking responsibility is big...... What goes up must come down, and it can hit the fan quickly........ I would agree that the above is a likely possibility.
It's easy to blame the pilots for this crash. Very easy. I don't believe they wanted to die and I certainly don't believe they wanted to take a whole plane of passengers down with them. I don't believe it was an act of terrorism. I talked with my pilot son about the simulator set up in the captain's home. He said since these planes are so new, he wouldn't think it would be unusual for them to have simulators in their homes for further practice. My sincere condolences to the families of the passengers, as well as the employees. They all left behind loved ones.
A plane that's 12 years old and has logged over 20,000 hours is hardly "new". With over 18,000 hours of flying experience with Malaysian Airlines, the captain hardly needed "further practice." The less-experienced co-pilot had just finished his training flights and this was his first flight without an official "check pilot" (but the captain is an accredited "check pilot", so that's a moot point). Perhaps the co-pilot could have used a simulator for "further practice," but he's not the one who had one.
"traduced" wow, didn't think Yahoo would ever teach me a new word. Looked it up. To "traduce" is to speak badly of or tell lies about (someone) so as to damage their reputation.
The media have been falling all over themselves to try and get the scoop or present some theory. It has made me sick. They can't just come out and say "we don't know at this point". They come up with all sorts of theories and many of the reporters are plain stupid. One reporter asked "if they turn off the transponders how did they talk to air traffic control?" The "expert" told her that the radios don't have anything to do with the transponders. She goes on asking how the pilots could talk to the tower with the radios or some other stupid question. Really, you don't know what a radio is? I am intrigued by the loss of the plane but I change the channel when they start talking about the plane disappearance because the theories are usually so far out there they are laughable.
I am the Malaysian Prime Minister and I am here to say that after15 days of fruitless searching, lies, misdirections and coverups that the plane is .....SQUIRREL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Is everyone else as fed up as I am with yahoo's failure to function? I'm locked out of my email for the second time this week and they want me to change my password AGAIN but they won't let me do it. There is no help at all. No way to reach any help. I DO NOT WANT TO CHANGE MY PASSWORD EVERY FEW DAYS. Yahoo is USELESS. Reply notifications don't work. Again no help. Nothing works.
Shadow people were seen walking around the aircraft before it left the gate to take off on its flight.
Whatever happened to Wi Tu Lo, or Ho Li Fuq?
what a nonsense article. Where did you get that pantload Clive? From Don Lemon?
This all was stated by someone on FACEBOOK two weeks ago.
STILL WAITING ON THE REST OF THE STORY!! SEEMS TO CHANGE HOURLY!! SO SAD FOR THE FAMILIES!! SOMEBODY TELL THE TRUTH WILL YOU???????????
They obvioiusly don't know what the truth is. Poor families indeed!
One thing is known... they don't have a clue.
Give me a break. This is like the keystone cops.
fact is we may never know what happened. once they get the black boxes and do forensics on peoples cell phones on that flight then we will know more. IF they can find them
What a mess! Old folks had a saying for crazy stories like this, when i was a kid growing up in Texas. "HOG WASH" !!!
Where's the hard proof????? Show me parts or peaces of the plane. If no parts are found there just speculating.
It'll be interesting to hear what really happened when/if they find the "black box". Everything up till now is only conjecture. To many countries watching civilian flights in the area to not be traceable.
Where are the spy DRONES. I guarantee they can find wreckage..
Everything on the Daily Beast is TRASH !
this is all BULL no one--not one single "expert" has a clue what happened--eleven days of guessing by all--when the Black Boxes are recovered we will have a real clue--until then it is all about T V ratings and just plain BS
The above story SMELLS so bad it's a joke! There has been nothing but LIE's on this since the start!
the media owes these men's families a HUGE apology! The coverage on this was so off the mark!!!!
Watch and see that this flight ended within 150 miles of the turn after they said "all right good night"
And not one mention in this article about the 20 senior execs and engineers onboard and the technology they just launched....
Haven't they been changing the Narrative??? Jus Sayin..
but, but the news media needs some stories
So in other words, even if it was a tragic accident, the pilots had the intent of doing evil with the aircraft anyway. Do I understand correctly?
You guys arre very good detectives. You should join the police.
Another "reporter" who doesn't know what he is talking about. He should learn about the coverages and limitations for primary and secondary radar. To make the statement about the transponder is extremely ignorant. If there was a problem why not advise ATC?
AND SO THE MEDIA BEGINS ITS BACK PEDDELING FOR THE LIE'S THEY MADE UP EARLIER
Why do you spell the plural word 'lies' with an apostrophe? And why can't you spell 'backpedalling'?
Because I am not as anal as you
All sounds like a cover-up somehow, wonder what will the real reason be
First, there is a problem, second the pilots turn to the nearest airport to possibly land, third, if a fire, plane goes to 45,000 ft to extinguish flames, drops down after for reasons listed above. Did the plane crash in the ocean due to whatever mechanical failures took place? I'm guessing it did. Was it so catastrophic as to render the pilots unable to send distress signals? Apparently. If the severity of the situation was so intense as to render all of the above options possible then I submit that the oxygen was malfunctioning or that the smoke so intense that it killed everyone on board and the plane simply ran out of fuel on the course heading programmed in. Not sure there is more to the story but I'm sure the news outlets will milk it for all it's worth. Sad commentary on our "reporters".
With your theory the pilots would have taken the plane up to 45,000ft w/o radioing any ground control? Also, the o2 for the passengers is different than for crew. So both would fail so quick that no distress signal could be sent out? A clear left turn would be made by incapacitated pilots?
"French no less!"??? What the heck does that mean? Sounds like racism to me and I am French/Irish. Where's my Al Sharpton?
The Malaysian officials didn't make theses goofy assed scenarios up ... the frickin' media did AGAIN !!! Today's media is completely out of control !! What ever happened to checking your facts and reporting what is known to be the truth and then reporting the truth ...... not speculation !!!!
why knowwone used there cell phones to try and contact someone?
Yeah, unhunh. CYA is what I see.
That's your headline; "The Pilots Tried to Save MH370" ??? No #$%$ Ya think they just sat back with a cup of coffee and a Marlboro and enjoyed the ride to death? Who hires these so called journalists?
Find the plane. This is a diversion and a waste of time. All this does is allow the Malay Govt to take their time finding the plane. Just wrong.
Quit trying to guess what happened....Figure it out and then report.
Hey Clive! How bout reporting facts instead of Fricken Conjecture. You guys are absolutely amazing....as in pathetically ridiculous. News reporting is factual...not conjecture. Did you too use a palm reader? A wipe!
Malaysia gorverment can't be trusted, period. I believe they are hiding something.
None of this explains why they never once put out an SOS it only takes a couple of seconds regardless of what emergency is happening there is no excuse not to do so
There was no "MAYDAY" issued by Air France 447.
This whole fiasco, it smells a lot of fish
i am more confused than ever after reading this.....what exactly was the point?
People just can't accept the fact that there are evil people in this world.
Way too many theories, and not enough facts.
Exactly .. At this point *THEY ARE Purely SPECULATING and Grabbing at Straws* Unfortunately, We The People - May Never Ever Know The TRUTH (sad by true)
Another theory...let's just face facts - sometimes we just might not know.
I believe this story may have been concocted by attorneys for Malayian Airlines.
After two weeks I think they could have come up with something better.
OK, tracking systems were turned off by a human hand!! Radar just let them cross over the country with no concern? C'mon. No jets scrambled to see what was going on? The plane was not picked up by VN radar either and no one did anything about it? This whole story is fishy.
pay no attention to this made for tv hoax
What evidence? You haven't recoverd anything. You dont have anything. What expierience does the Malaysian government have investigating airplane crashes?
OMG! They still don't know jack so why don't they shut the hellll up?!!
Riiiiight ,,,,,,, They were merely following orders with a gun to their heads to make sure this thing was landed INTACT for future terrorist use ,,,,, It is unconscionable that these 'experts' can be so ego centric of their own preconceived notions backed up at most by possibilities that they almost totally ignore a terrorist action to steal this AIRCRAFT ,,,,,,,, This thing could Reappear all right ,,, but not in the way these NAIVE FOOLS would ever believe ,,,,They are more worried about 'grieving' for the ALREADY DEAD then in PREVENTING FUTURE DEATHS WITH A POTENTIAL STOLEN AIRCRAFT ,,,,,,, If this thing reappears in some 'friendly sky' somewhere in the world ,,,, those responsible for almost totally ignoring a terrorist act should be tried along with any actual terrorists ,,,,they will be just as guilty for any future deaths ,,,
@MathewS,,,,, Go grow a brain ,,,,FOOL ,,,,
I'm not the one who is a fool.
@MatherS ,,, Don't bet the farm on that one ,,,,, FOOL ,,,,,,
you like that word so much that it belongs to you. Take your prescrips and take a long nap. your foolishness is really starting to show.
@MathewS ,,, Look ,,,,, FOOL and that word most definitely applies in your case ,,,,,,you haven;t offered up one concrete idea ,,,,,,,, Terrorism MUST continue to be placed on the table as a possibility until this plane is found or appears somewhere ,,,,,,, to totally discount it as these FOOL 'experts' are doing is at best irresponsible and at worst down right criminal ,,,,,,, if that lane reappears in someone's night sky there will be HELL to pay for this ,,,,, YOU BETCHA' ! ,, to accept the word of some Light In The Loafers Brits as the gospel truth without concrete evidence is pure criminal negligence ,,,,,, PERIOD !
Holy Shiz man did your mom drop you on your head to be so downright IGNORANT? hahahahahahahahahahaha Must be great living in that terrorist fantasy world you have built for yourself inside your head. If you go outside there is life sustaining oxygen out there to help your oxygen depleted mind. You are completely nuts. hahahaha
@MatthewS ,,,, Keep laughing like the village IDIOT ,,,,, FOOL ,,,,,, If it makes you feel better ,,,,
hahaha the only village idiot is you and I am laughing at that idiot right now. hahahaha you so funny you should take your act on Kimmel. uh uh Eugene
@Matthew S ,,,Ditto my last comment to you ,,,,,,
Holy Shiz you still trying to make a case for being a fool and an idiot?? HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA Eugene I think you need to take the tinfoil sheets off your bed.
^in that title "pouring" is spelled wrong. It's "poring."
Ok so where is plane when will they be able to retrive the black box and stop all this he said she said #$%$. Are they even sure for a fact that the plane indeed has crashed?
If they can figure out where the plane/black box is they can retrieve it, even if it is at the bottom of the ocean they would just have to send down a deep sea unmanned submersible to get it, maybe a navy diver but I'm not sure how far they can get too even with their equipment and training.
My sentiments too . !!! Everyone is speculating that the debris is from the plane . And if it is not ???? . The search goes on
The Daily Beast - the last bastion of reason and truth!..and if you believe that, I have some ocean-front property in Kansas I'd like to sell you..
The Pilots Tried to Save MH370… or not! Who knows!
no one knows so shut up..media and government are all crooked...it is nothing but BS..
Wannbe screenwriters who claim to be journalist have dreamed up another!
LOL So the press tries to scold the public for misinterpreting the pseudo-data which the press itself spent two weeks spinning. Nice.
You're an #$%$ for even writing speculation like this-moron!!
Can I get a job as a writer for a Yahoo! news article? Because it seems like all you have to be is a complete #$%$ idiot to write one.
Well if all they do is get articles from other news sites besides write there own, why not?
You people and your conspirisory theories.. Just wait for proof to explain what happened! It's embarrassing..
Sounds like how our government works on a daily basis here
How about these guys dont know what the #$%$ happened OK?!?? I hear another theory everyday this is ridiculous!
Man this people know a lot All the while knowing absolutely NOTHING.
they haven't even found the plane yet ... but the authorities involved are trying to put a spin on this ,,,, find the plane first .... and then tell us what happened
perhaps inexplicable #$%$ happens, the pilots tried their best to do their job, there maybe no story here, just unimaginable tragedy for the survivors
I think I'm just gonna wait till the black box is found before I form any more opinions
Clive Irving, who do I write to for my 5 minutes back?
This guy needs to disappear!He is more of a hinderance and will only stab us in the back.Get rid of him.
Technical sabotage, massive equipment failure or terrorism.
Doesnt seem like anyone knows for sure that the plane is gone.we are talking with the assumption that the plane went down.I repeat, assumption.stop reporting until we know for sure.
This is simply an "opinion piece" by a blogger - why do they try to promote this as a valid news item?
This whole thing stinks of a third world cover up. Please quit changing the story.
Save the plane you say?? No attempt at communicating with anyone on the ground?? Flying hundreds of miles away from any potential landing place??? Strange definition of saving???
Well, if this is the case, then instead of flying for 7 hours, why didn't they just go back to where they came from and land at the same airport they took off at? They were only 1 hour away.
Sorry to the families of the lost plane.....but this story is dumb.....Lets forget facts, the use of science and just use our imagination.....Thanks media for making the news as relevant as Lizard Lick Towing or Duck Dynasty
Well my story is that it was the rapture and these were the only people who made it into heaven! LOL Might as well through one more theory out there.
They tried saving the plane by shutting down all the recording devices?! Yeahhhh suuureeee
Not just that....they figured they didn't want to bug anyone so didn't make any distress call and I guess they decided the nearest land mass wasn't good enough so they wanted to go and make an ocean landing. I mean if they were fighting to save the plane...makes sense you would turn off the transponder so no one can find you!!!
There is more speculation on this than oil prices....
If only oil prices would go down!
A fire or electrical problem happened .. the pilot was trying to turn around and go back to airfield when all finally passed out the plane just kept going....
We will never know just what took place on board this Plan.
um....lets see...they were fighting to save the plane. so busy fighting that they couldn't use one of the vhf or hf radios. so busy that no passenger could phone out. and the struggle continued for 6 plus hours, south, into the indian ocean, until they ran out of fuel and ditched. of course, nobody survived the ditching, no rafts could be deployed, no emergency radios activated. ok. got it. all is cool.
And don't forget....while they were so busy fighting to save the plane...they took time to turn off the transponder which only makes sense since why would you want someone to track or know where your plane was at when it was in trouble!!!
Yes... be afraid! Be very afraid! They are coming to get you! With a dirty bomb on a stolen jetliner! Oh Oh Oh big ole jet airliner, come blow all of us away... When will you people be ok with it being a terrible accident, and a tragic loss?
When the facts make sense Tim. But they don't and that's why there is something sinister about it disappearing.
I agree. I know nothing about what really happened, but to say they were fighting to save the plane doesn't make sense. and remember, Malaysia air is government run. and in debt. and methinks, as was the case with that government run, egyptair pilot suicide, which is still in court, the government doesn't want to be held responsible at any level.
Nowhere in the article did it state that the crew was fighting to save the plane or six hours. Jeez louise. The reading comprehension levels of posters on here stinks. Clearly, whatever happened to the plane likely rendered the pilots unconscious or insensible quickly. Google the 1999 South Dakota Learjet crash and the Helios Airways Flight 522.
"The Pilots Tried to Save MH370" Changing story every time.... I stand by my story, pilot are behind this missing plane.
Next headline: "Stewardess may have tried to save plane"
Followed by... "Two Muslims allowed to board with stolen passports MAY have served tea and crumpets for the last 6 hours of the flight, and comforted the scared!"
Just when you think it's over....the news has to keep glorifying with speculation. Give it a rest.
More speculation?? These people don't know what happened. Guessing does not make it so. It may have been so, but it may not have. Do they have a pipe line o God that we don't know about?
come on....William....go squirrel urself.................we did everything we could n no country could have handled this situation without knowing head or tail about the whole situation........why u AHS going for Malaysia?..........We accepted help from other countries cause we knew we did not have the in depth tools. ..We had to explore every angle within our means of investigation........Hiding facts???..acussed by the chinese next of kin......Bull!!!....How can we hide facts from 26 other nations invvoled in the search!!!....People should use their brains before making statements....Especially CNN.......well known to pour fuel into a already burning fire.......FOOLS.............Texts Messages???? if any other country would have done this it would not have been OK.....They did it cause its the fastest method before the press conference,,,Why dont the Chinese relatives go after their Goverment for not making public what their satelites picked up a day after the plane went missing????.....Cause they would have thrown in jail for going against their Goverment.....We can only release statements that have had substance to it......they took the 5000US given by the airlines then they condemn the Malaysians......why take the money ???? hipocrites.....They just cant face the facts that lives have been lost....Nothing could be done now........We feel for them but they are too much.......they need someone to thrown their frustration at........26countries with high tech gadgets still cant find the plane.....why go after Malaysia.......?????? FOOLS........be reasonable n use ur brains, There are others from other nations who also have lost lives.....why dont CNN go focuse on them??? cause the others behave mature n educated.....CNN picks on the weak to gain from the situation......The only person in CNN to have MADE CLEAR fair n logically statements without taking sides is.MR.RICHARD QUEST..The others were just flame makers......... .
first the passengers were terrorists (black men) then they were Persian. then the pilots did it it, then they tried to stop it, now the pilot acted alone. first they saw an oil spill, then an object then 120 objects now 322 objects. first it went north into china region, then it went south, now we don't know so why the hell don't we just say WE DON'T KNOW ?????????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so basically, the pilots were bad at their jobs.
First, they flew low to avoid RADAR and crashed. Then they flew high to first suffocate everyone, then to put out a fire and save everyone. Next they will claim they flew into space. After that, they will claim they tried to land in the water like CPT. Scully did on the Hudson.
Hey Mickey Mouse helped too. It is called C.Y.A. from bring sue. After they turned the system off. You have to be brainless to believe this.
stop showing the relatives-don't need to see all the anguish- or alleged anguish- looks like they are preforming for the camera's--your 15 minutes are up
If the plane is in the water, I wonder why luggage isn't floating on the surface of the sea? Or a tire?
Maybe one did...or maybe one tire did. But how are they going to find one piece of luggage, or one tire, floating in a vast ocean? Maybe if all the luggage was somehow able to come out of the plane.
maybe it WAS but after all this time floated afar with the currents etc. Also, luggage is way to small to seevia satelite. Maybe they will find more when they get to the exact location.
bull schidt , why did they turn off transponder?????????????
Do not believe anything from the corrupt Malaysian officials. This is a hijack-negotiation gone wrong. The pilot, Zaharie Ahmed Shah is related to the former Deputy Prime Minister of Malaysia, the current Leader of Opposition, Anwar bin Ibrahim, who was charged, convicted of immoral conduct and was barred from politics for life. The Malaysian government denied the pilot's demand to reverse the previous high court ruling on Ibrahim and refused to negotiate any further. Therefore, the pilot then deviated the flight and crashed after the fuel run out. The pilot transcripts obtained by the British press previously was fabricated and secretly released by the Malaysian government. This was leaked from high level in Boeing. US is aware of the situation from the beginning and decided not to intervene due to the current Malaysian government is a strategic partner of the region.
Facts: 1. Malaysian government stated that the flight had lost contact from air control radar and was detected by its military radar which later corroborated by Thailand Air Force. How many fighter jet did Malaysian Air Force send to intercept this alleged unidentified flight in its air space? Zero, none. 2. How many search and rescue team, emergency response/ military aircraft or vessel did Malaysian government deploy to South China Sea, Strait of Malacca, or Indian Ocean? Zero, none.
No. Even if a failed hijacking attempt occurred this pilot with 18,000 plus hours and outstanding reputation did nothing of the sort... co pilot likely last at controls could have made errors but do not think he had any sinister role as well.
Dead men cannot defend themselves WH0 SAID THEY ARE DEAD?THE ONE WHO WROTE THIS ARTICLE SEEMS TO KNOW EVRYTHING
and all this tells us patrons of yahoo WHAT??? Seems like a lot of talk about nothing. When you get some facts, please let us know. Please, no more speculation.
nice rant but a waste of our lives we will never get back.
Conclusions based on one speculation after another is bs...either find the plane or admit you dont know where it is or what happened to it
Why dont we just say we do not know what happened and be done with it. Thats the truth.
Oh doodee, I am missing "Close Encounters of the Airplane Kind (Aliens in Hot Pursuit!!!")" on the Oprah channel!
Champagne, flight attendants..........who wrote this idiotic article?!
"The sourcing of these statements remains obscure" ...Soooo, no need to finish reading this article.
Yup. Weeks of terrorist rabble rousing, after the ad revenue wears thin, switch to a more reasonable story: "Suggesting that there was something sinister about disabling the ACARS made no sense." Pathetic.
It's scary how much these pilots have een defamed with so little evidence.
So the plane committed suicide on it's own. Was the computer's name of the plane Hal?
Pilots have oxygen mask located in the cockpit. If used properly they could last up to an hour. If they were experience pilots they would have been able to identify the situation, redirect the airplane which they did. So what did they accomplished within that amount of time?.... The plane did turned around and It didn't explode so they had an hour to do something productive if they really wanted to?...
Whadafog. They're miles off course with shut off comm systems, and now they're heroes?! Who provided that info, Sum Ting Wong and Bang Ding Ow?
Well they didn't do a good job. Lmao
I betcha some of Obamalamadingdong's friends are responsible for this. Just a hunch.
The "flying room" is now in the hands of God.
I got this.....North Korea is behind it. Kim Jong-un planted a bad batch of Kimchi on board. When served as the free in-flight meal & consumed by all on board - quickly reacted in a massive release of noxious gas = incapacitating all instantly. They never knew what hit them!
it sounds like the media got their marching orders.
whats SAD is that the MEDIA actually thinks we BELIEVE anything they say!!.And as for this airplane....the truly Sad part is that enlight of the Medias hype and Obvious disillusionment over this subject the truth is that Most Americans believe one of two things...1...It was a Terrorist act....2 It was a Terrorist act that our Government including congress the Majority Democrats ALL are Involved in it one way or another if Not Solely a Plot by THEM themselves! They have a Troubled history with the American people for the last 5-6 years of Consistent Lying as well as Being involved in the Deaths of Americans including Border patrol agents and mexicans as well as American citizens ( aka Fast and Furious) American Soldiers ( Bengazi) Not to mention countless others that have lost their lives at the cost of American tax payer dollars! And what About these So called "Executive Orders" Mr.Barak Hussein Obama is throwing around like they are simply a way for him to FORCE his beliefs! Now how about Their RELENTESS attacks on Our Rights!! #1 The 2nd ammendment awfully funny they say WE shouldnt Need GUNS yet they are ALL Surrounded by people WITH GUNS!! Thats a Hypocrite if i have seen one. what about this thing they are ATTEMPTING to Force down our throats with THREATS if we dont ACCEPT and CONFORM..You Know that SOCIALIST MEDICAL thing OBAMACARE!! Thats a FAILURE and has only cost thousands of people their Jobs and Benefits!. I for one will NOT vote for a DEMOCRAT EVER again and will be EXTREMELY selective!! THIS trend MUST be Stopped......So about this PLANE!! Its NOT crashed!! Dont believe a word you hear!!.. Use Our JUDICIAL system Beliefs for your decision on who to believe..Has ANYONE proved WITHOUT a Shadow of a DOUBT that this Plane has Crashed ANYWHERE!!!???....THEY HAVE NO PROOF.NONE ZIP NADA NOTHING!!!!!!!..Only appears they are HIDING something!!
I actually agree with AR on this one...
Until someone figures this out for certain, just shut the F up
Take "NEWS"out of your names and call it "Ratings Quest." Thanks for ruining Captain Shah's reputation without hard facts...RIP Cpt. Shah and passengers...
But but but the liberals SAID it was a black hole!
My theory on this is that the plane is missing and at the moment we don't know why.
Wait a minute...hold the bus...the Malaysian Prime Minister (aka - head waiter at McDonalds) said the plane crashed, the people are dead and its over. SOOOOOOO...let's move on to the the next mystery....NEXT!!!!
just an opinion, the plane was hi-jacked by the crew.
Until they find the plane and the black box, it's all guesses.
OK BEYOND ALL THE OTHER SPECULATION LET ME POSE THIS QUESTION. IN TODAYS WORLD A PLANE FULL OF 230 PLUS PEOPLE WOULD HAVE NUMEROUS CELL PHONES. if THERE WAS ANY HINT OF CRASHING THERE WOULD BE A RECORD OF CELL PHONE TRANSMISSIONS, TEXT MESSAGES THAT WOULD INDICATE THE PLANES TROUBLES. IF THER ISN'T A SINGLE TEXT FROM A SINGLE PASSENGER THAT THE PLAN WAS IN TROUBLE THEN CLEARLY THE END WAS NOT APPARENT TO THE PASSENGERS. LEADING ME TO BELIEVE THAT THE END WAS ABRUPT. AND WHAT HAPPENED TO THE MANUAL SHUTTING DOWN OF THE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM? I SMELL A COVER UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I smell a moron who hasn't bothered to read that there are no freaking cell phone towers in the ocean and who cannot find the capslk key.
Nancy: you're so smart! No one can get anything past you, can they? They'll all be exposed by Nancy, 'cause she can smell stuff!
Nancy, are that incapable of understanding the fact that a cell phone does not always receive a cell signal when it is on? For starters, a cell signal degrades as altitude is gained. At 35,000 feet a cell phone is not capable of getting a signal adequate to send/receive text or calls. Cell antennae are focused on the ground to only a couple of hundred feet or so into the air (it would be senseless to broadcast a cell signal into the air). Second, no cell towers on the ocean. No cell tower, no signal. Heck, there are places on the ground in the US where cell signals are non-existent.
Most of the terrorists acts like 911 and others have been Muslims and Islam related ,,and by suicidal people.Thera are some that blows thenselfs to kill people around,,and use car bombs, or road side bombs to kill soldiers...They dont care about any human life, including childrens....The WTC..in NY...example....Nobody knows if there was a suicide bomber in the plane, and how many were in the plane ...Who were tha people of the stolen passports ... The people who attacked in 911 were telling hundred of lies for 5 or 6 years in a Florida flying school,,and elsewere....In this case thre are no clues ,,yust speculations,, May be the truth comes from the black box ,,,but is deep in the ocean... Let''s wait...
A little more content and a lot less snark would be welcomed in this "article".
Next plane crash, please! Let's move on!
So answer me this... WHY would the pilots turn off the transponder? Makes no sense.
Exactly right. Not only why, but who and what for. If it isn't in the ocean then where is it. who has it and why. I am more the sure that we will all find out soon enough. And I assure you one and all that none of us will like anything that will happen then. That is except those that did it. And what they intend to do with it. Two word's come to mind though more then any others. " Iran " " Israel " I wonder why. Later
Will be Top grossing film of all time!
Thank you mr irving, for your expelnation about the piolets,that clears up a lot of here say, i too thank the piolet would not deliperty crash the plane.lets all hope they find the plane and find out what happened.
yep sounds like there was no terrorism involved ........mh370 had an on-board emergency...think Payne Stewart not bin laden.
Plane is on land ..... the ocean scenario is a ruse.
everything is down with davey jones' locker. and speculation will run rampant because they will not find this thing. the ocean is too big and too deep. RIP 239.
Thanks for your theory, yahoo writer.
Tired of hearing just theories. Coulda, Shoulda, Woulda.
First officers do not normally do "most" of the flying. They do about half of it, with the captain doing the other half. Both pilots have to maintain landing currency, and a captain can't do that if he/she lets the FO do "most" of the flying.
Were all tired of hearing this "cram down your throat news blitz!" Move on to news that has relevance to us American's, like the ongoing tragedy in Oso, Washington!
In simpler words..............no one knows..................they need to find the black box......if the plane indeed crashed as the Malay minister's words...........we believe it when we see evidence.
If you don't know why the plane crashed, always blame the pilot. He can't speak up. Always punish the innocent.
This whole story needs to end, we need to stop spending millions to find the plane, and we all need to move on. The plane crashed, no one survived. Done. Move on. Accidents happen all the time. I watched the video of the Chinese people reacting to the news--what a bunch of FREAKS. They were acting like children having a tantrum throwing fits, spitting, cussing, yelling. Those people should be out in a containment room until they are ready to act CIVIL.
Good thing no one you know was on that plane huh #$%$!
Ken, you are extremely narrow-minded. Whenever a jet goes down, aviation experts want to figure out what happened to cause the crash so that, in the future, pilots may be better trained to recognize a situation and prevent it from becoming another tragedy. For example, in 1982, a microburst brought down Pan-Am Flight 759 moments after takeoff from New Orleans International Airport (now Louis Armstrong International) and another microburst in 1985 brought down Delta Flight 191 on landing in Dallas. Today, thanks to what aviation experts learned from these 2 tragedies, pilots are trained to handle microbursts in the event they have to fly through one. Also, Weather Radar became Doppler Radar which helps meteorologists, pilots, and air traffic control personnel route planes around thunderstorms containing microbursts. If something went horribly wrong on the Malaysian Airliner and aviation experts can determine a cause, then they may take steps to train pilots to handle similar situations better.
If that's the case then why not radio in that there was trouble. Especially if you know you are over water and most likely will crash in it. Instead both tracking systems were turned off. I don't buy this story at all.
Still all of this is assumptions and guesses....they still have no idea what happened or where its at.
So they assume a fire? So where is the plane? Did every part burn entirely? .
When a plane crashes in the ocean most of it will sink since it's very heavy. Only parts may remain on the surface and they believe they have no visually identified some of that wreckage from a search plane. Please try to keep up.
the spin doctors are busy today wagging the dog.....
How come the air traffic controllers with held that the pilot said, good night and allah akhbar.
the people in charge keep acting like obama CLUELESS
thumbs downers must be CLUELESS demoncraps
demoncraps zombies looking for brains due to having none
why don't you share your in depth knowledge on the problem; we have ten seconds
Good movie. That was when Alicia Silverstone was hot.
aww so cute twits acting like children still brainless but cute
I'm sure you'd make a good president.
better than you or your great dummy charlie brown!
Good way to dodge what RVN70 was asking you.
why answer whats already in the news morons ? it took hours for them to admit it was lost no wreckage actually yet proven found but they are saying it crashed heres how blah blah.... typical clueless behavior ya know like yours.
Pilot calls a prepaid phone under an alias before lifting off,turns the plane,decends,never sends a may day,then disables 2 things that ID and TRACK it but it was all a accident???? HELLO?!?!?!?!?!?
....how many different scenarios can we imagine? how many ways can you tell this story? why dont the authorities admit that they just dont know? so far this plane has been in every ocean except the atlantic!
This expression summarizes it all " We are tiny creatures in front of the Great Power of God"
Are you saying God is a murderer?
Golly gee--two MSM organs admitting, albeit obliquely, that speculations about 370's fate had stepped way over the boundaries of good journalism in the desparate search for ratings.
going to 45,000 ft can only seen as the method used to kill 200 passengers. no other explaination
Seems plausible, but are you BUYING it????????????
Not at all. Pilots trying to save a plane should be sending distress signals.
lol no one know yet what the pilot has did or did not do so quit talking about stuff u don't know
I don't think any of them know what they are doing !!~~
I think it sounds more like someone remotely took control of the plane. Do the governments of this world have that capability? I don't know, but sure as h8ll wouldn't surprise me if they did. Wonder what this could be trying to distract us from.....
Like a drone, you mean? I feel a little embarrassed... I'm empathizing...
Either way it was muslims that are responsible for the deaths of the passengers. Just like allahs warrior who gunned down children in Kabul last week.
We have traded truth for lies.
"The Pilots Tried to Save MH370" It's possible, but not probable.
Yes, how about giving us the facts when you have the facts?
THE 'NEWS MEDIA' today is only interested in SENSATIONALIZING NEWS…….(whenever they bother to actually report NEWS !)……most of the time they are reporting their owner's version of the news anyway ,so I only listen to the weather !
so where are all the morons with there conspiracy theories?
STRANGE!!!! Not one cell phone or "smartphone" call during the flight.
next time you are on a plane at 20,000 feet over the middle of the ocean, try your cell....
Unfortunately for these two pilots, they have the wrong-sounding names at the worst possible time...which lately the worst possible time is all the time...
call me what you will - I smell a cover up.
No, they were Muslim terrorists, but nice try lefties!! Progress is grand but you progressives are sick people..
They'll cover it up before they admit another Muslim flew a plane of passengers to their deaths.
Nice job press! Jumping the gun and dragging the pilots' names through the mud without any facts...
That's a lot of ink to basically state "we still have no idea what happened."
The "experts" are wrong. I have credible evidence that this plane landed safely on Fantasy Island with Tatoo screaming "Da Plane, Da Plane" much to the delight of Mr. Rourke
All eyes on Diego Garcia Check it out on Youtube
what a joke of an article.... thank god yahoo has the breaking story that no other news site has
I thought it was inappropriate to blame the pilots without proof
No SOS? No Mayday? Takes 5-6 seconds...
author seems to be applying for a job with the malaysian govt....he uses the exact same techniques.
he is brilliant. unfortunately, there is a difference between between brilliant and being a politically savvy person...stupid people can't grasp that..have a nice day at the aids clinic, hor.
clive--so far your entire article is speculation--and your major points --that the pilots did the right thing-- no they didn't --otherwise the plane would have retuned to its base or to an airport in viet nam or the would have signaled their emergency-or a whole lot of other stuff that did not have them flying 7 hours off course and thousands of miles away from any airport or safe landing spot
I still have a hard time understanding with all of the hours this plane apparently flew, why there were no distress calls placed, not one simple "Mayday!".
Yeah...they're all HEROS! Even the passengers were HEROS! The Flight Attendants were HEROS. The people who cleaned the plane were HEROS, the guys who put the baggage on were HEROS!
Try "heroes" for the correct spelling, particularly if you're going to do it in all CAPS.
I would feel more than a bit uncomfortable if I were flying somewhere and the captain was a Muslim
I am sure he would equally feel uncomfortable if he had an #$%$ like yourself as a passenger on his plane!
You two are two pea brains in a pod
@Tim. Get an education you brainwashed imbecile!
Brainwashed? You are the one who is buying the bull put out by the media and Malaysian govt.
@Tim. Have i mentioned the media or the Malaysian government? No.
I believe it is the same thing that happened to Payne Stewarts lear jet. When the jet was on auto-pilot something caused it to lose pressure, everyone died on the plane but the plane kept flying until in ran out of fuel. DITTO here.
CNN and Fox; Fear Network 1, and Fear Network 2. If you don't know, make it up.
so the pilots were trying to save the plane by flying it into the indian ocean
If there was an explosion or fire -battery cargo- he'd have to rapidly desent down to around 10-12000 feet. If there was smoke they may have punched in the autopilot altitude/heading hold and passed out. the aircraft will then fly the course until the engines flame out. It is possible; unfortunately.
Two things seem clear. One, someone did this on purpose, and two, someone did not want the plane found.
It's kinda messed up how some of the experts are trying to blame the pilots when they don't know what freaking happened.
Its kinda human nature to find a scapegoat isn't it?
*tap tap* "is this thing on? oh, ok. "Where is the plane Sir?" "Everything else is BS until you find it."
All speculation. More liberal bull schittz.
funny how every one now is a expert on planes.. at the end of the day, lives lost. end of story.. there no happy ending to this story.
The radio had REDUNDANT systems, bottom line is NO MAYDAY!!!! THAT is suspicious....period.
Pilot had a boat waiting in South Indian ocean,he splashed plane and boat picked him up
Fire spread to radio, then to GPS tracking devices, but then stopped and plane flew for 7 more hours without further isses affecting the engines,steering,etc..etc...??????? NONSENSE
Sorry, but you don't hijack an airplane of this size (even if you're the pilot) then fly silent for 7-8 hours until the plane runs out of fuel - even if your intent is to commit suicide.
A plane crash caused by intentional pilot error
These "news" networks get on my nerves. Whatever happened to reporting real news backed up by credible evidence and sources as opposed to having talking heads spit out nonsense conjecture and ask "experts" ridiculous questions that get us nowhere?
YOU don't know, I don't know, the media definetly doesn't know...........shut up !!!
Nice "story." Where is the plane? Sounds like the media is "bending and stretching" this one. Nothing sinister? Remember folks: the media gave us all the so called "facts" and now they want to dictate how we are supposed to interpret it. Media manipulators.
Hey GP: liberal name calling? is that all you people can do?
BS-EVIDENTLY THEY COULDN'T CONTACT THERE WAS SMOKE IN THE COCKPIT-to damn much speculation
? If I was trying to conceal where I was going wouldn't I turn and decend?
In a court of law this would never fly, where is the proof this plane crashed, everything is a theory until something is found, period
Flight simulator --- hum -- what was that for ??? --- In the Muslims Pilot's Garage with erased memory -- HUM -- WHY??
because you are too blasted stupid (not ignorant) to realize that it is not at all uncommon for a pilot to own one. Simulators are available for sale and can be had for under $10k. Google it.
because he was running out of disk space?? FBI have not found anything worth reporting. Non issue.
Fine lesson in gossip, gets you nowhere. Be patient and wait for the facts.
Blah-Blah-Blah but the fact is we'll never know.
This can't be. The bigots have been telling me it was a Muslim plot and Rupert Murdoch said the plane was in northern Pakistan. Must be a cover up.
If they were less than an hour out of Kuala Lumpur, and had an in-flight emergency, why didn't they just turn around?
They may have lost consciousness after making the turn and programming in the new destination.
I think they did and were headed to a closer landing strip on Pulau Langkawi that has a 13,000' runway. I think that possibly a tire blew on take off and caused a fire, instead of one happening in the cargo area. According to other pilots, a tire fire would quickly send toxic fumes into the cabin and cockpit rendering everyone on the plane uncouncious. Then the plane just flew on that same course until it ran out of gas. I have thought all along that it was possibly in Pakistan or Iran, but I read this pilot's theory on the website of LewRockwell and it made a lot of sense.
"By the time Dubois got back into the cockpit it was too late to save the airplane—neither Robert nor Bonin had taken the steps necessary to avoid a high-speed stall. They could have saved the airplane but they didn’t." conclusion: they were bad pilots.
conclusion: they were inexperienced pilots - that's why they were flying with a Sr. pilot.
Didn't take the time to read the story because I know the answer to the headline question..... We don't know what the pilots did. We don't know if the pilots were in control of the airplane at all.
how weird is it for someone to write a speculative sensationalist article about other members of the media writing speculative sensationalist nonsense!?!?
This "article" is as screwed up as the Malaysian government. It's all over the place and doesn't make a convincing argument about anything.
I still think the senior officer did it
This is right out of a Stephen King novel.
You know I'm surprised. I thought maybe the pilots would have shoved their heads up their bungholes and kissed their butts goodbye. Who makes up these stupid headlines?
4 men with box cutters took over the airplane...oh wait that fairy tale has already been told
yep! And I voted for Pedro!
planes are ok. i don't mind the flying part , but i don't like the jumping off part very much
What has come of all of this? Zilch. Sums up the whole story.
Sorry, but you don't 'save the plane' by heading it out into the middle of the ocean 1000 miles from the nearest land mass.
Let me save you all some time: "What has come of all of this? Zilch."
Islam crashed this jet. Islam killed these people.
The pilots were Islams....How is it so difficult for everyone to figure out what happened.
blah blah blah, we have no idea what is going on
The number one problem everyone has is why the transponder was shut off...that is never done at altitude unless hijacked unless they were concerned that they were not in communications with air traffic control and that they might end up going over some foreign territory such as North Korea inadvertently...but that is really far out ion left field...so this is my scenario.... Number one if the pilot wanted to or some other wanted to ditch the plane and commit suicide or kill everyone he or she had entire ocean to do so so why fly over the South Indian Ocean unless to torture others for hours? This is crazy so until the black box is found they will not know the real answers or at least debris etc....but for ow this is my other thought and it makes sense... If the turning off the transponder can be justified, if due to something, then I would assume the plane filled with chemical or material that disabled the pilots and it flew on auto pilot until it ran out of fuel and a fire could have provoked this or a problem with the hydraulics because they did not try to get to land indicated it was set on auto pilot or somehow programmed for a weird course that was not set... a problem with the rudder controls could have caused this to occur or so and they only could steer the aircraft by reducing power to an engine....which is very tricky to do.....in any way Bless the families of the people on board....the airlines and government will find out what happened, that is for sure.....
It's all a question of semantics. "Turned off" implies a deliberate act. All we know is that the transponder "failed". This could have occurred for many reasons, such as power systems failing, or curcuit breakers being turned off because of an electrical fire. The course the plane took right after last contact looks as though it was trying to get to the nearest airport where he could make an emergency landing. This course would have involved several turns, the last one to line up with the runway. Pilots must have passed out sometime before the last turn, and the jet flew on autopilot until it ran out of fuel.
.... and now the cover up begins.
If the authorities in Malaysia know diddly squat about what happen to the plane & its passengers/crew, then they should just shut up.
Well 1984 has finally completely arrived!! For three weeks the news has been putting the blame on the pilots, etc. NOW that it is over the airline MUST be sure the pilots are the HERO's and NOT the villains!! (The airlines are going to get sued but they now wish to keep it to a minimum!!) REWRITE HISTORY........... When all is said and done..............we have NO IDEA what really happened and probably never will....................but, CYA at all times!!
You know that with all the minute by minute changes in speculation...SOMEONE is going to get it right. Its like 27x14=X If I started at 1 and worked my way up...eventually I will get it right also.
Opinions is all they write about which has no truth or substance and is a theory at best
too much press not enough facts
Obama sent word not to report that Muslims killed people....
Experts my a$$, they can't even stick to a single theory or story, just like all the politicians in washington...............they change their story every time they get caught in a lie.......
So sick of the stories and theories changing, i'll just wait for the black box.
Thanks Yahoo for all the speculation, I'll read the article when they actually have facts, not this could have been this and should have been that articles
We have no idea what happened to this aircraft. I work in the industry and this doesn't add up. Until they find wreckage, they should shut up.
The trial lawyers are on the way. Lets go with the accident version.
Plane took off. Something broke. Plane crashed. End of story. It was Zoom, Boom, Doom
As Hillary would say "What difference does it make".
Ah, how come plane was still able to maneuver, how come plane is thousands of miles from flight path, why no distress call for 7 hours even when flying back across Malay?
A perfect example of way toooooo much news nowadays.
How many of you actually know if this plane existed?......just as I thought. no one
IF they were struggling to save the plane, why didn't they radio anyone for help or to let others know they were in trouble???????????
I think I'll wait to read the news's tomorrow, its sure to have a new idea as to what happened
To think all doubt could have been eliminated by MAS simply asking, within minutes, "anybody seen our plane." This is what fuels fires of speculation.
"The Pilots Tried to Save MH370". YOU DONT SAY?
Why is that woman in the picture laughing?
Very... *stares out the window, at the small patch of grass outside*
Changed your mind AGAIN Yahoo ?Why don't you give your investigative reporters a vacation so you don't have to keep them busy guessing what happened .
This is being beat to death. The media has nothing else to report I guess. Airline crashes are always a tragedy. Let's move on.
I think the hysteria exhibited by the families of the passengers of MH370 has been certainly exacerbated by the "out-there" tv and internet coverage, such as this article...so easy for the media of a 300plus million country to jump all over another country of a whopping 14 mil., last I checked...time to let all this settle...the facts will emerge
Bottom line.. search suspended.... they KNOW WHAT happened........WE never will........jmo
OH, So for days and days, Nobody knows anything and, now that they are sure it is DOWN....suck up to the dead Pilot???
save the plane...Ha! and total BS! Quit speculating jerk media. Irresponsible reporting an inept Malaysian officials!
Did I read somewhere this thing flight was loaded with a big shipment of lithium batteries ? If they went off, they had a HUGE toxic fume problem. The biggest missing link: no mayday call. That's what makes people think something sinister happened....
of course they changed their tune for if their pilots were responsible for the death's of these people guess who's getting their #$%$ sued
The Last story in the future will read "Missing plane flying with passengers with a nuke on board heading for a target" what do you do?? ----poor passengers
Flight simulator --- hum -- what was that for ???
The big question is...IF they were having problems with the airplane...why didn't they radio the tower and let them know?
So in other words there are still no certainties and we still basically know nothing. Building on supposition is still supposition.
ya know why this is a set up? 1. they announced it "lost" before they had proof. 2. they are using a "new technology" never before used in investigation and guessing. 3. it contradicts original information 4. virtually EVERY country can track you at any time for any reason. they wouldnt/couldnt lose a plane. 5. they are trying to redirect emotions and logic. 6. they are trying to absolve themselves from lawsuits.
Clive is just starting to have a writing career with Yahoo so give the guy a break. Would you rather have him on food stamps.
this story is just a giant wtf
So, Am i being lied to/mislead now or then. Why should I believe these statements over the original statements? I'm not seeing any major facts here that are any more concrete than the theories I first heard. We don't know. Its okay to not know yet!
It is time for all the "expert' aviation amateurs to stop wildly speculating about what happened to this plane.
Hey conspiracy idiots ......Sometimes , planes just crash ........
read my comments and then say that again
The NTSB always looks for the reason because they don't accept that "planes just crash" and just shrug it off. Boeing probably wants to know too.
Of course they tried thats why they turned around to try and get home in the dark with no radio or instruments like the old days flying by the seat of your pants! Boeing 777 have problems..
I think it was shot down. That is why there is so much spin and BS involved.
I'd like to read a breakdown of official speculation versus media-related speculation! How many "experts" were pulled out of their ratholes to get in front of a camera for the 24 hour news cycle?
it was god's fault. this is just as non-falsifiable as any of these unprovable scenarios and finger-pointing stories.
If they wete trying to save the plane, why didn't they call for help
what happened to the stolen passport story?? maybe I missed the dismissal of that clue.
tea party trash: "hey ch!nk$, move on, get over it". what about benghazi? "we need to investigate more and more and more and more....4 muricans died
Too bad it wasn't a 747. The world would be a better place.!!
75 years from now, "They" will have the results of this plane crash,
NO they were PLAYING UNO as the plane went down.
Obama has sent Malaysian P.M a msg...... "just tell them its all a phony scandal....it worked for me, it can work for you...we're on the same page, right bro'?"
Odd that the conspirathy theorists have left the building!
This story is nothing but a COVER -UP.
Who really gives a sh|t anymore
But why would an emergency last thousands of miles and in a perilous direction?
"you can keep your doctor and insurance".... "your taxes won't go up one single dime"..."it will cost about the same as a cell phone bill"....... as I think of coverups and lies. They all Lie...not just Obama, but Malaysia too...Must be something with that part of the world...
Ya Think????? Who dreams up these stories. Of course the pilots are going to try and save the plane they are on it!!
luckydog, You would hope so but anything is possible. Remember the kamikaze pilots from Japan!
Area 51, the Obama birth certificate, Benghazi, the IRS,.......come to mind
Now you guys are starting to think straight. Give the public a complete list of the cargo hold contents. There was a fire and them fumes. Give us a complete list of the cargo!!!
Let me see........not one piece of wreckage......and all these spin.....doctors are writing what they think..wonder what they will say, if they find it on land somewhere? We think the pilots tried to save the plane...rubbish!
This sounds like about as much "hogwash" as the rest of the speculations. The word "spin" applies here also!
Nothing Sinister About This Development That Has Occupied the News For Two Weeks?? Now What Are We Supposed to Listen To For Speculation and Drivel?? How About Scuttling A Ship....Maybe a Battleship or an AirCraft Carrier -something Really Wild AND Over 350 Tons?? Ahhhh, Nothing Quite asExciting as the News Media When They Get their Heads Together!!
lets face it, nothing has been affirmed yes, all we have is what the stupid media says!
No, you take a plane to 45000 feet to kill the passengers.. you don't take it to 45000 feet to put out a fire at the expense of the passengers..
It all stinks of a coverup.
Add this to the cover story...hero pilot...
Yet another shameful frenzy by our "No News" outlets. I've stopped watching anything that claims "latest news" on this airplane . They should be ashamed for the pain they are causing the family's with this endless stream of nothing from experts with no data..
so this article is an apology to the pilots for possibly being profiled? maybe they should show some more pictures of crying chinese women.....that really helps solve things.
tried to save plane OKAY no communication NOT done NOT OKAY
...sitting on a tarmac being loaded with God knows what by some radical infidel-hating morons...
"Have the Malaysians finally stopped trashing the pilots?" I don't know... has the media??
Do one has explained why the tracking device turned off. Why there were cell phones still working when they were called. Why such a vast change in direction to open ocean when they had flown over land. Have they found any bodies yet.
Someone wasted a lot of ink on this story. No one knows what happened.
welcome to the story of the day club
I know, lets just make stuff up cause there is money to be made here.
Pilots try to land the plane just like captain Sully did, but failed
So, a lot of questions, but no answers, typical Malaysian flight 370 story.
Who and what are we to believe?
Wild speculation....initially condemning the pilots, now praising the pilots....let's wait for facts?
Could we just wait until we know something,One of these articles will be right on as there have 1000 of them!!
This story perfectly represents the illusion Americans [and the world is living under]. Fact is, we are kept and told what the Authorities deem we should know. So like the NSA can monitor every telephone call but doesn't know where this plane is? Yuh right. ONE BIG LIE. ALL OF IT. ............. ALL OF IT !!!
State-controlled the daily hildebeast doing what it does best...Propagandizing.
why would the pilots turn off the tracking equipment ????
A hair dryer makes for a pretty good heat gun, if you have enough patience.
Agree that this aircraft was having problems that occurred early in the flight! I would love to see the service records per cycle on the aircraft.
It has to be intended, If you think about the first location where it made the turn.. There was no accident.
rightwingers wanted it to be an act of terror so bad they actually declared it was before any facts were known
that was the news that did that...... I think most are left wing.
oh wonderful, yet another reporter that is the expert on everything
Are they now trying to turn the pilots into heroes?
I am sorry, but i don't believe that the pilots tried too save this plane! there was no reason to make the turn if the plane was in trouble. and if it was in trouble what about a mayday mayday? and why fly over so many areas where they could of landed? like at the afb in australia? or try setting it down in the ocean in a more central location like where they were headed? this plane was Hijacked period!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! whether by the pilot or a passenger. you don't fly a plane for hours if its in trouble or fly it to the middle of no mans land! if it is in trouble! I am not buying it!!!!!!!!
Journalists dont know we dont know... And that is the truth nothing but the truth.
the word is "poring," not pouring
i see cars broken down on the hiway constantly I sure as heck wont get on a plane
I keep seeing different news outlets using the line, "FBI pouring over Malaysia Airlines pilot's flight simulator hard drive." Can this many news organizations really not know that the word is 'poring,' not "pouring"? Maybe they're dropping water on the hard drive.
There is NO plane, NO Box and everyone knows everything........ dismiss all the BS and wait for the day when this thing shows up....
More speculation. All the news that is "leaked" out to us is to try to say somebodies #$%$!
don't you just love the internet - I remember the good old days when you had to actually talk to someone to make a point
All this "Aviate, navigate, communicate" stuff is bs. Thats why aircraft have 2 and sometimes 3 in a cockpit. So one can call their airport saying..Oh I don't know...."DEAR LORD!!!!!!!!!! MY A//S/(S in on FIRE!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
It's easy to write this article now. If you had written it a week ago, then you could act smug like you knew it all along...
Where is the plane? This enormous plane and not to mention the 239 people? It's so very sad.
Sometimes silence is golden and "I don't know" the right answer. It certainly was--and is--here. Beyond tracking conclusions and information that could have been useful to the world in assisting with the hunt, accusations and recriminations have no place.
Two Muslim pilots, that's all you need to know.
Assuming being Muslim equates to being a terrorist is like assuming all Christians act like Westboro.
Matt, so you're admitting that I'm right. Thanks!
Pure speculation and historical revisionism going on here...an obvious new Malaysian government's scenario for protecting their honor and bravado with their Superman pilots, trying to be heroes in landing this so-called 777 that went mechanically on automatic 'zombie' out-of-control. What a great TV SyFy movie plot this would be...'Pilots Vs. Zombie Jet'!
Did the pilots try to save the jet? ....Hmmm... I DON'T KNOW WHY DON'T YOU FIND THE PLANE AND BLACK BOX AND FIGURE IT OUT FOR SURE!!!!
Yes. As recently as last year the FAA discussed vulnerabilities in the computer system that it has the flight controls on the same computer as the wifi/internet. Look up Boeing 777 hacked. Ill probably get thumbs down for this post since it contains facts and the statement to find out for yourselves.
Just curious. After all some one hacked a military drone and landed it.
Its possible to hack in a system and lock out the crew.
William, unless you can provide a source, I call BS From Forbes Magazine: "The system was designed in such a way that changes cannot be made while the aircraft is in flight except from the cockpit. When the digital flight controls were first designed, care was specifically taken in the design to preclude the possibility of someone taking control of the aircraft remotely. The only way to program the flight computers in the air is by someone in the aircraft with a direct connection to the computers. The flight management system – the computer system that can be used to program the aircraft’s route and can connect to the autopilot – can be turned on or off by the crew from the cockpit. If the FMS was incorrectly programmed, tampered with or operating incorrectly, it would be obvious to the crew and they could readily disconnect it and manually fly the aircraft."
FAA report titled..."Special Conditions: Boeing Model 777-200, -300, and -300ER Series Airplanes; Aircraft Electronic System Security Protection From Unauthorized Internal Access" "data network and design integration may result in security vulnerabilities from intentional or unintentional corruption of data and systems critical to the safety and maintenance of the airplane. The existing regulations and guidance material did not anticipate this type of system architecture or electronic access to aircraft systems. Furthermore, regulations and current system safety assessment policy and techniques do not address potential security vulnerabilities, which could be caused by unauthorized access to aircraft data buses and servers." Also look up.... "Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: Are planes vulnerable to cyber-attack?" A story on a recent cyber conference where those who have more skill in hacking than you and I combined state that he can hack into a aircrafts systems using a smartphone. The FAA is my source. So endith the lesson.
William, thank you for sourcing, at last, your contention. I applaud you for doing so(and have rewarded you with a rare and priced 'thumbs up').
lame, this story was way more fun when they were suspected muslim terrorists.
What about the Iranians using the stolen passports? Hmmmmmmmmmm.
i think cnn was behind the entire thing, they have had a ratings bonanza during this chit
I hope this is the nadir of "journalism" with all these know-nothing charlatans coming out of the woodwork blathering on about something they DO NOT KNOW! Pitiful. The death of responsible journalism...
wonder if fauxnews and CNN will apologize, probable not. Fauxnews is just for entertainment and CNN is well...CNN
Fauxnews you sound like a 5 year old kid. Grow up and get job!
And once again they KNOW NOTHING, as before .
So now the media is trying to 'out speculate' itself. LMAO! Keep it coming, you clowns have zero credibility.
If they lost contact with the plane, how do they know what went on in the cockpit? "OH", I know, their physic. If they haven't found the plane, their just trying to cover something up. Like "they" even said, as long as it was in the air, someone had it on radar.
The Pilots Tried to Save MH370............. Who knows that the terrorists didn't break through the cockpit door and try to high-jack the plane and the pilots knowing they were not going to survive took the plane out into the Indian ocean to ditch it since the terrorists wouldn't know where they were going....they could have done the same thing that happened with the 9/11 flight over Pennsylvania when the plane crashed in the forest?
So they turned off the transponder to ... ? Flew low over Malaysia, not to avoid radar, but to give the terrorists a better view of the land? Sorry, that doesn't compute.....
save what plane..the one they cant find with all of the tech we have?
Oh shut up. Its an investigation and certainly a mystery, its bound to have guess work.
drove the plane to a place with no nearby airport and then tried to save the plane, how divided
The "experts" are getting very inconsistent.
Changing of narrative, something to hide, hmm? Heard it all before! Todays government at it's best! Seems America isn't the only ones doing it?
The media is pretty desperate to get ratings on this story....
Only A#$H#$#@'s speculate. No one will never know what really occurred on that ill fated flight unless they find the black box, which is very doubtful.
I guess CNN is the final word in everything, not much mention of pilots M O Invite hot chicks into the COCKpit
A year or two ago Iran said it took over a american drone and landed it. The 777 has been said is a fly by laptop. Could the system been hacked? And than attempt to remotely fly the aircraft?
If that is true, why didn’t the pilots report a problem?
It is patently ABSURD that this plane ran into technical problems that led to is crash and demise. There are also emergency beacons that are activated when a possible crash is imminent, so this new story holds no water. Further, as seen in the Air France crash that occurred in the southern Atlantic after leaving South America, it also took well over a week to find the crash debris, but it was all there stretching for miles on end. There has not been one single shred of debris evidence produced to prove this Malaysian jet crashed into the southern Indian Ocean. NOTHING. That debris will float for months on end and could be seen over an increasing wide area without questions. The jet was flown to a hostile ISLAMIC country to be used a future weapon for terrorist attack. The passengers who were hostages, but now declared dead by the Malaysian Govt., have now become worthless prisoners with one fate: They will be murdered to play along with the official Govt. story.
@CE- Are you Eli posting under a different name? Or just copying and pasting Eli's shoddy work?
@CE- As I told Eli.... If terrorist had those passengers, they would be worth EVEN MORE now that the government has declared them dead.
Ted don't know for sure just a thought if they could fly the plane I think would think they could jam the Radios. It sure beats the black hole.
I should have said that I think it failed thats why it crash going the wrong way.
The fact of the matter is that no one actually knows what happened. So many theories and so many stories. They should just say we don't know.
If the plane did descend to 12,000 feet I find it doubtful they had enough fuel on board to then get them to the oceans off Perth.
More missinformation and guessing..Find it then tell the people the facts..
I know what happened.....I watched Executive Decision and i know the truth!
Well if you're going to make a cover Up, Might as well make the pilot look like a hero.
ok, don't put me on any 777, they suck!
So what happened ? Something catastrophic happened in the cabin killing all the passengers.....the pilots were able to bring the plane down to 12,000 feet but died within a short time....the plane then flied on under auto pilot until running out of fuel
And tomorrow more “speculation” disguised as news.
Why cant the Malaysian's just show us ONE piece of wreckage? OH that's right, the plane is in the most ""un-reachable" part of the ENTIRE world ...wow what a tough break ..... I guess we will just have to take the Malysian's word for what happened ...... I am sure they are reliable and have no "secondary gain" issues.
So we still know NOTHING about what REALLY happened - particularly from this article........How MEDIAESQUE????!!!!
".... by disappearing an airplane full of people?" No, "disappearing" is not a verb. It's just a bad habit reporters have gotten into - making any word a verb. Otherwise, a well written article.
This is why innocent people go to jail.....the guessing news fact news
The "experts" should stop posting these stories of speculation and wait for some sort of hard core evidence to surface before doing anymore talking.
Tried to save? WHAT FISH BOAT DID YOU FALL OFF OF? They had RADIOS and people on the plane had cell phones and NOTHING. It's not at the bottom of the Ocean.
Guess what. That means our government, the Chinese government and the Malaysian are all involved together in a cover-up. Is that possible?
ANYONE believing ANY Government IS A FOOL.
Sure they did. Ok? If it makes everyone feel better, ok they did.
When and if they find the plane then hopefully there will be answers to all the questions. I do believe the media has said wayyyy to much they knew nothing about. A lot of talk about nothing.
I am tired of hearing stories about this... It seem like they are saying anything to cover themselves up. People are lost or have lost their lives and so many stories are coming out where they don't have 100%, #$%$ not even 10% proof.
Wow... they are trying soooooo hard to cover their ass on this one. Too bad we will never hear the real story.
what the hell kind of title is that? what the #$%$ else would they do? regardless if terrorists or not is irrelevant. u dont care about my speeling that much so shut up
Fire bad enough to turn around would have at least forced call to K.L. airport. if on fire why didn't it crash near waters off malaysian coast?
CNN is trying to arrange an interview with some of the passengers of flight 370.
A*S*S*H*A*T* … in other words --- YOU Sir are an IDIOT !!
Once again, this is a flat out guess. Hey Yahoo, I guess it was flying unicorns that hijacked the plane. Write a story about that!
Trying to put a PC spin on this story?
oh, first they said the pilots took the plane now they say the pilots tried to save the plane, what is it you stupid diaper head, make up your stupid mind, if you have one, take that stupid diaper off your head first.
this is just lip service to make the families feel that they're family members weren't murdered by the rogue pilot(s)
Ok...Let's stop the politcally correct left wing #$%$ here ..This was one or two Muslim pilots piloting the jet with 240 innocent people into a " Suicide for Allah" death spiral ...CASE CLOSED ..Whether it's terrorism or an individual extreme act ...IT WAS DONE PURPOSELY ..So let's not insult the families of the innocent dead here , by starting to make up stories to clear the Islamic pilots ...
Because they don't want to pay the lawsuits.
Lies! I know this because the Islamophobes say so and Rupert Murdoch says it's in northern Pakistan . . . and they're never wrong.
What were the two people with fake passports doing on the plane??? I do not trust this "final opinion".
ooooooooooo...I know, right? too boring. Conspiracy theories are sooooo much more interesting.
When they get the voice recorder, they will find that the last words uttered were: "OH-S^H^I^T^^^^
its in kim kardashians stretched out hole y wont somebody at least send in a few men and check it out
so now the pilots might have tried to save the plane - from what? they were was off course. I am sure we will never know the truth of what happened on that flight. and Malaysia sends a text message to the families? how lame. and do they know for sure the plan crashed into the Indian ocean? so many stories and theories it's hard to know what to believe.
MEDIA these days just crack me up. "Pilots MAY have tried to save the plane"... in another line, "Did the Pilots try to save the aircraft?"....... Might, May, Could have. blah blah blah...... nobody has a frickin' Clue unless they find the Black Box. The MEDIA just loves to keep that DRAMA going, especially on controversial issues.
They suspect they found a floating something and extrapolate all this!! WOW
If I had to guess one of the two pilots caused the problem.
Breaking news!! We are as confused as you are...now for some speculation and conjecture...AND if time permits some real news...
I think we can all agree that this article is not based on any facts, but rather, the author's opinion
I can tell you one thing for sure. I'm glad I wasn't on that plane
Would there be anything left to find if a missle shot it down ?
Please, then why no communication with the tower?????????????????????????
If there was an electrical fire the first thing the crew does is start shutting down electrical components in an attempt to isolate the fire. The transponder and radios would be shut down. The key is to handle the emergency first then communicate the problem after everything is under control.
It's just a radio, it does have distance limitations. Also remember that many ATC towers close at night in remote areas, even in the United States. Some towers in my area close at 10:00 PM. Might have been that no one was listening or they were out of range. If they descend to a lower altitude it also limits the radios range.
@Tom, True. First order of business is fly the plane. If there was a catastrophic emergency communications would not be a priority.
Pilots only communicate with towers just before takeoff and just before landing. When in flight they talk to what's called a Center or an Approach Control.
Am I the only one that listen to the details. The plane flew back over land. And flew for more than 7 hours. Who all know they have head sets on, and a quick 3 second communication. If they turned off power, how come the auto pilot was turned back on. And why did no one in the plane communicate with family. It would have worked over land. They went down to 12,000 ft.
was it that hard to get on the horn and say mayday a couple times?
if the media and the government cant turn them into " terrorist " , turn them into " heroes " its a win win situation of the most unfortunate kind
Why is our FBI pouring over flight sim data? shouldn't Malaysia be doing that?
Just love the pictures these (S)(C)(U)Ms post of people hurting. Media stinks
is anyone / does anyone believe anything these people say? everyday, they come out with some 'new' story seeking to find something that people will seem to believe. always with 'evidence' that would have been available from day one that they 'just found'. the 'truth' will be what polls tell them a majority of people believe ----- right now though, they're still in the exploratory phase collecting tid-bits of information that people are accepting as 'true' ---------- so far, 'it crashed' is a staple item. people are starting to believe that was tracked through it's entire flight - so look for them to move away from initial reports that no one knew where it went down - those early searches were done simply for practice ------- this is like listening to dumbo claiming he didn't draw a 'red line' ------------- everyone knew he was lying - but he had his press keep printing lies until he got enough people to quit calling him a liar. same thing happening here
Weasel Word ? New term to me.
what ever happen on that sad flight all we can say is may all aboard rest in peace may God and Allah be with you.
ALL the "EXPERTS" reporting this with a PHD; Piled Higher and Deeper! PERIOD!
Like all the rest of the theories, this too is pure speculation. A struggle in the cockpit could produce the same results. If and until they find the black box, all this is just a bunch of wild guesses.
The author writes: "The sourcing of these statements remains obscure". Isn't a good journalist supposed to check their sources?
Yes folks, keep watching and listening to CNN, PMSNBC, Yahoo, NBC...for the latest BS, LIES,FABRICATIONS, ANNIMATIONS....of what truly happened to MH370. CNN reported that a "black hole" swallowed up the plane, AND somebody farted real loud and hard, and caused the plane to go off course!
This why I only fly with American & British airlines
First, they bash the pilots just to get a story and admit later the sources were "obscure", now' they praise them. Anything to get a story! #$%$!
Some family members rang the passengers' phones three days after it gone missing but no ones were picking up the calls. If the plane was under the water by then, should the phone be death under the water? I believe the plane could be hijacked to somewhere. I don't want to speculate but only a few countries in this world can make it happen this way. ....you can guess.
What a bunch if horse #$%$.
Oh a pilot should know, are you not a pilot?!?1? You said you were.
welcome to another round of speculation and conspiracy theories
This is where the spin begins.
so let me get this straight, the planes about to crash, and your analysis is: they tried to save it....no #$%$
Bottom line: Malaysian monkeyman FU'd. End of story.
No plane, no black box, no communications for over 7 hours, and yet now they know what happened. I'm still waiting to hear what they are hiding. They know more than they are letting on.
I grieve for the families of those who perished.... ALL of them. At least we now have some idea of where the plane really did go down. My prayers are with those who lost loved ones in this tragedy.
Clive Irving who are you working for sounds like something from the obama administration
I still think they are trying to cover their butts on this. Granted the people are dead - but I don't think the plane is in the ocean - its on land. We may never know what really happened. They are trying to "sugar coat" things IMO.
Actually what they are NOT saying was the real last transmission from the plane......."Allah Akbar"
Wordy and worthless article. Nothing will be know for certain untill this aircrafts' black box is found or some part of the plane itself.
CYA. Same day they offer the passengers $5K. Lawyers told them what to say.
More spin, either the pilots were complete idiots and something did happen, or Malay is spinning
Amerlia Earhart knows what really happened....
Hey Malaysia, SHUT UP AND FIND THE PLANE!
Trying to save the pilots from shame for what they did!
Theres no way that plane flew from where it was to where they say is supposedly is at that altitidue.
Oh yea. Now our press accuses the Malaysians of "trashing" the crew! Really?
As if some of the posters here haven't been?
Yet the pilots radioed nothing saying any problems happened. Who knows what happened. Still can't find any wreckage which in and of itself tells me it didn't crash. That plane hits the water and it will fall apart just like the air france plane did. Yet where is all the debris like the af fight had!
Clive Irving, thanks for clearing that up for us.
According to the prescribed method used by the news media world wide the pilot looks like he might be a terrorist so he must be..... lets go with that. No wonder they now list a degree in journalism as the most useless degree.
Sounds like a puff piece for the pilots . They being muslims don"t surprise me
Nothing explains why there were no distress calls...time to re-program, change course, drop to 10,000 ft...and no call, no computer signal that something was wrong? Sorry..next time this plane is seen is right before it detonates above Tel Aviv.
Obviously ..... it was dragged by a UFO w/a Tractor Beam
The Daily Beast........that tells you it's a garbage article......go back to shilling for Obozo...that's what the Daily Beast rag does best
These are muslim brothers. They would never forsake Allah.
What a bunch of lies!!! Changing the story to make them self look better. Bla Bla bla Don't fly with Malaysia Air
I don't know what to believe anymore every day there's new stories with twice as many holes in it then yesterdays stories
may have tried to save it, may have tried to steal it, may have committed suicide ------ either the people running this investigation are the most incompetent individuals ever (excluding obama of course) to be in charge of anything ------------ OR, there's corruption and complicity throughout the Malaysian and a couple of other governments. seriously - this is much like the democrat/liberal/racist/progressive party - change the story on a daily basis looking for what people will believe
Propaganda. The moose slime pilot took the plane down. It's what they do.
WHAT? Now they tried to save the plane? Find the plane find the black box and come back with some FACTS!!!!
this crash will be long forgotten by the time they find those boxes, might as well have went down in the Mariana trench
How can you explain flying 8 hours at 12000 ft. The fuel would have run out long before.
who comes up with all these theories, climate scientists?
Nice try to make the muslim crew look better but I'm not buying it. WAKE UP AMERICA!!!
If there is a cover-up our own government along with China is also involved.
Yah Lee, muhammad obama just hasn't figured out how to blame it on Bush or the Koch Brothers or Regan or Ford or Nixon or......
Listen you dont hear about the stolen passports.It was terrorism,anything else purported by mallaysia is #$%$.
David, are you "Big D" from Houston?
How do they keep coming up with these made up stories when they have NOT A SINGLE SHRED OF EVIDENCE!!
When are we all going to admit that it was a UFO who took them?
Wow, AWSOME "news". How many GD times have they, will they change this story? Azzholes, peoples lives are effected by this #$%$, but these pirihas are never held accountable.
Get real--if it was a terrorist, he would want credit for the disaster. If it was suicide he could just as easy jump off a bridge. Why does the media always distort the facts to get readers. The plane is gone--get over it...............
This is exactly what I said
Tried to save plane? Unless they wanted to die........of coarse they tried to save it.
why u be profile'in me maneeeeeeeeeeee
TODAY ON THE PRICE IS RIGHT: behind door number one: MUSLIM TERRORIST door number two: PILOT SUICIDE door number three: PLANE MALFUNCTION malaysian announcer: "this is harder than a chinese ridde" man in bee costume" "i chinese, you no funny"
who knew the code to the cockpit door...=.....or the answer would be
I hope the pilot families sue CNN and their experts and that idiot general from Fox who said the plane was in Pakistan for slander
They are only trying to shut these crazy relatives up.
this is amazing......well --- can yahoo please report on something more important like the TV show, "The Voice"?.....
I don't believe we know the truth, I believe there are those who do, but I don't believe we the people ever will.
So, Intelligence has it that the plane landed. The pilots were "fragile" Muslims with a cause. Oh bring me those 70 Virgins kinda cause....Embarrassing. Guess this is the stuff of Bohemian Grove. Evil @ it's best! Yaweh is oh...so..ready...for you!!!!! A thousand years..yikes..a looong,long time!
mamma say alligators cry becuz dey gots so many tooths and aint gots no toothbrush, colonel sanders!
yeah it was the malaysians trashing the pilots yeah they were the ones doing all that alone....i only heard one "expert" give a opinion based on what kind of plane it was it's history of a certain problem recent maintenance that ot wasn't finished and was scheduled to return for maintenance what could happen if there was a sudden catastrophe and what could have happened that would account for losing communications and everything else...heard them once and never again all the "news" stories were about pirates and ghost and monsters and santa and......
Funny, when CNN and his so called experts have been trashing the pilots too, find son Me thing else to report the plane is gone
maybe the speculating should stop. it seems like it doing more harm than good. at least that's the way it works with everything else.
They got us in a huge rabbit hole with this one.
But,but Don Lemon on CNN said it got suck in a black hole!
Right...They were fighting to save the airplane, but forgot to declare an emergency??
What does the guy on the grassy knoll have to say?
Everyone wants to cover their bases. If pilots worked to save plane, why no "mayday"?
Aw geeze, enough already........Its way too early for anyone, I'm talking anyone and everyone to voice an opinion on what happened. We should remember that opinions are like anal orifices that exude excretia......Everyone has one..So as my Korean friends often say,..."Kabbageemah, Wanzingi"...!
We are not Korean and we don't eat Kimche. Well, I do, but that is another story.
"What has come of all of this? Zilch." pretty much sums it all
They said help? Who turned off the transponder? Give me a break!
What I don't get is wasn't there anyone on board that had a cell phone
You need a cell tower within 4 or 5 miles, idiot !!!
PS....at 30,000 feet you are at 6 miles high.
Changed the narrative....right before the lawsuits start. Who could have guessed?
Ok, media. You have wore this story out. From black holes, to alien upductions. Give it a rest with your theories.
BS who ever was in control did this now lets move on
well it obvious now islam strikes again
So here a question should we banned other country planes from landing in our country?
Because if they are not going to have some way too keep our people safe why should we allowed them in.
it is a cloaking electronic device under test. it works now israel can attack iran. stay tuned.
Now the cover-ups begin. And the liberal media with a push from that Piece of Sh-- in the white house will spin this every way possible to avoid the word shhhhhh terrorist.
find the minnow first you will find Gilligan island than the plane. say hi to mary ann.
If thats facts,wheres the black box?clearly there was foul play,could be the co pilot trying to fight back to get the plane home but led to an accident,i watch movies too, Innocent lives ripped in the horror,sinking titanic/370.awful.
Its guaranteed, the Illuminati planned this and had a reason. The passengers weren't just run-of-the-mill ordinary folks going to visit Aunt Kia.
Ahhhh Bob, I see You took My Advice and brought the *Illuminati* into this… See, One Must Never Sell Their Soul to the Devil -- Nothing But Evil !!
Breaking News....... No one really has a clue what happened. Film at 11.
The whole route can be programed into the Flight Management System and it couples to the Auto-Pilot which has Auto Leg switching, which turns the aircraft at selected waypoints.
Yellow journalism has done more to damage this investigation, than any one country or investigating team
Nice guesswork. When you don't know, just say you don't know.
There were how many LGBT's on this flight? Anyone know?
Log Cabin Republicans???? No one really knows just how many #$%$/s were on it.
It seems Bob, perhaps you are biased...... I asked a question. You provided your ignorant answer. Congrats on taking the bait for being set up.
Like the story and its writing, and it is a story folks, Clive Irving, has writting another piece of fiction. this is not news, it is fox news, one more writers piece of fiction, fox fiction. Clive Irving? Really? #$%$, I've seen better out of a cow's #$%$.
"What difference – at this point, what difference does it make?"
How do they know it crashed? Did they find debris or the black box?
That is nice of you to talk good about the pilots. Now there will be rooms available in the hotels.
really??? do they expect anyone to believe that crappola?
These malaysian investigators guesses are as good as mine
Before, the pilots might have been terrorists. Now, the pilots might be heroes. Is there some sort of cover up going on?
Oh dear, what are all those rednek conspiracy loonies (a pilot called Ahmad, no less) going to do...?
Now we have a Yahoo spin. A smart person never claims anything. Fools do yahoo. Your not smart.
WHY are there so many articles about this why isn't there an article on the FEMA camps
why are no submarines being used to find the ting from the plane.....planes,boats isn't doing the job quick enough and subs can stay out there looking.....geez
You know how close you would have to be to pickup the ping, better luck hitting the lottery 10 times in a row.
The one thing that gets me is.. If the plane was in trouble and needed to land quickly, why did it keep flying for 5 more hours?
Nothing the News says should be believed and it's getting old with all the breaking news that has no new information but more theories. They should shut up until there is proof!
the simulator had deleted files, transponders and tracking devices disconnected. these two were trying to hijack the plane, someone's military shot them down.
this article is an insult to the intelligence of stupid people.
Malaysia is a third world country and handled the investigation as such - if you don't know facts it is better not to say anything. The media has tried to make this event into a circus and has succeeded.
tHEY just want to save their faces.. and all the Muslim Pilots of course almost of the pilots in Malaysia is Muslim..
Your sister wants to go another round in the bedroom.
How can you write such comments. What hard core evidence do you morons have? Answer; NONE. Just want to write this #$%$ so you can have an audience.
Until somebody find something from that Plane I think that flight 307 have been Abducted by Outer-Space Aliens.
This article is lawyer talk trying to establish the basis for upcoming lawsuits. "It was the plane's fault."
These people must be new to the beach. See some trash floating and everybody is running around like a chicken with it's head cut off.
Wow... truth and fiction have just become strange bed fellows!
Am I to take it that the ascent to 45,000 is NOT confirmed?
All the "facts" reported before are now going to be mistakes "if" they are even addressed. Only what is being said now matters! The Malaysian government has made a decision to bury this, and of course it must make Islam and muslim look good, so....................
The amount of internet monitors has grown out of control the last few days.....that in itself is the biggest red flag of all....
I don't get it ?? I can pull a picture of my house from Google in a few seconds. Granted the pic may be a few months old but I can pull them of an inlet near my house in real time and we can't find a #$%$ PLANE???? I thought we are suppose to be the most advanced civilization there has been. Somebody is up to something.
The false beauty and peace of Isalm and Muslims must be preserved, so now all the "facts" .. all the reports ... fade to black, everything will just go ... a ..... way ......... AND the cyclone, what a break, it just makes everything "neat and tidy". Move on the "truth" has been buried people
Did the pilots try and save the plane...... really....... when the title to the story is written by Mr. obvious there is no reason to read it...... what next did the driver try and avoid the accident..... Yahoo instead of posting 85 story's why don't you post the 25 to 30 that are relevant.....
i am also deeply saddened by the deaths of 239 human beingd
Now, we beginning the Apologetics of Islam ....
this version is as weird as the one that said america rescued asia in wwii.
This article is a terrible piece of "writing." Made for simpletons/americans
hahaha malaysia still has long way to go in perfecting the lying like the obama administration harvard needs to lift their malaysian quotas apparently their not producing enough liars
Please find the plane, black box, something to end this stupid and idiotic speculation. The media is so PATHETIC....
A lot of arm chair quarterbacks out here tonight. Wow. How about leaving the pilots alone.
the reason the cell phones weren't working is because the jihadists were using jammers
surely some of you white boys know what a jammer is ?
Not holding my breath on this being true either.
time to bring their little jihad back to them ....stick their iranian flag up their buttocks
So, in other words, "aliens" could be as probable an explanation as any.
Tomorrow they will say it's flying again........
I THINK YAHOO RUNS DOWN TO OBAMAS ACORN HEADQUARTERS AND HIRES THE DUMBEST NH 1 GG ERS THEY CAN FIND AND MAKE THEM WRITERS
Hillary would say.." At this point, what difference does it make"..?
DIRTY FN MUSLIMS CRASHED THE PLANE....END OF PRESS CONFERENCE
I noticed that every opinion/comments here posted about the media having a frenzy day on this issue is getting a 'thumbs down" vote to all comments that are critical of the media! Is this section trying to control the opinion of the readers?
more Islamic #$%$ probably. Thomas Jefferson had the right idea. DON'T allow ANY muslims into the U.S.A.
Wise words.. "Don't believe anything you hear, and half of what you see"
"... Upon further review, the pilots were NOT devils incarnate, and my have actually been heroes. Stay tuned to this station, where, next week, the pilots will be terrorists...." You have to love the media.
israel and US have been trying to blamed this accident to iran and al-qaeda without success. the're having a hard time producing "evidence"
the more time they ponder about all this, the more information and bigger the fake story......
The cover-up begins.. it's time for the planting of debris in the ocean.. and fake photos..?
So did they find the plane or not?
They tried to save the plan. Yeah, right! That's why they didn't land when they turned around. I haven't heard one story about that yet. Why did they not put her down on the runway where they took off from.
the jews have commanded that muslims are responsible, so learn to live with it as a fact!
Forget Russia invading Ukraine, it's The Plane The Plane.
Again we still have NO proof! The debris still hasnt been found and now the search is stalled cause of bad weather......
this is all bs lies. it took that long to say it went down and still no proof or actual wreckage? we are not being told the truth...
the truth is out there, somewhere. nobody really knows only those who are aboard on that flight. :(
1st off the Malaysian government is covering #$%$ up, 2nd and strangest, and most important clue is,that the pilot had a simulator,.......how many airline pilots (especially in poor countries have one)
wow clive, you're pretty smart. two weeks later. didn't see any of this from you before today.
everyones guess is as good everyone elses guess is why there is so much flip-flopping day to day.
Being the FACT that no one still knows what happened on that flight, do you still get paid to write sh1t like this?
WHO is the pilot in the picture with Fariq Abdul Hamid, co-pilot of #370, and the two teen-age girls in the cockpit from an earlier flight? Wnere is he now?
Maybe we should both demonize the pilots AND give them the medal of honor. That way, we have all our bases covered....
The pilots did not try to save a damm thing.If they did they would have called and told of problems.by phone or radio.
you take your chances flying on 3rd world airlines
And just yesterday they were calling for more "mental health screenings" for pilots. See what happens when you succumb to knee-jerk reacting??????
the story keeps changing, don't know what or who to believe
At the bottom of this article, it says it was taken from the (liberal) Daily Beast.
We will only know the truth untill the black box is found and a rov is sent into the cabin to see the truth.
"First officers do most of the flying anyway"? OMG, I thought we traded legs and they did every other one, as in equal flying time. Guess I must have missed that somewhere along my 32 years with the airlines.
What a stupid title...if the plane really did crash into the ocean like they say....of course they would try to save the damn thing. Is that suppose to be some kind of major revelation. I don't believe anything their saying anymore.
So now the pilots are heroes. "okay, goodnight." "btw, don't pay attention to me turning the plane around and turning off all communications." "Remember, I'm a hero." "I just murdered over 200 innocent civilians!"
You are a bigot. what evidence suggests the pilots turned off all communications?
You are a troll. All evidence. Nice try.
That wasn't an answer but is precisely what i would expect from someone like yourself. nice try.
Update on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Just heard they've found the wings. Mrs. Lee Chong Wing said they were very lucky to have missed the flight…..
the Malaysians are becoming more incompetent as day goes by. their explanations have gone from clueless, bad, very bad, to outright lies........ it is just mind boggling.
Stop it please..... just stop. Making a mockery of this now. They are back stepping and looking even more pathetic than normal.
ok I started with b s on the 9th and have maintained from day one.I say that the whole thing is bullsh t America you know who you are and where this plane is f face
so it the plane diverted to the nearest airport like they said it was supposed to if their were problems. why then have they not found the plane or crash of it. even a child could figure out that if you draw a line form where the plane last was to the nearest airport it should be somewhere between there. that is if there was a problem.
How about it was hacked by Russia ? Like the drone
What do you call a plane full of musslums and chi-coms that crashed in the water? (everyone-) A good start. Thank You, I will be here all week.
They didnt know nothing, Know they know everything??? This world is F-up!!!!
Occam's Razor......"when you have two (or more) competing theories that make exactly the same predictions, the simpler one is the better." Mass hysteria on a global scale....the bane of the information/social media age
until they find parts or the black box it's anyone's guess
I read this article as "In the wake of the tragedy in an effort to provide some solace to the families that lost loves ones, we are going to play it up that the pilots tried to save them"
First the media drags the pilots through the mud, now they're saying the pilots were heroes
Wow. The malaysian government must have the entire case solved. Well done sherlock! NOT! They can't even find there head in their #$%$ and they got the galls to make all these stupid claims. Well done malaysia! You just proved to the world you people are a bunch of #$%$ morons.
Women UFO drivers I'm telling u