William Waldock, a former U.S. Coast Guard officer and a professor at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Prescott, Arizona..."One of the things I guess is a little surprising is how intact the flaperon is," he said. "It argues that it wasn't a very violent impact, which goes along with some of theories that it just ran out of gas and glided down." It "argues" more that it was a ditching and not a "glide down out of gas." Loss of all engine, electrical, hydraulic power, more than likely with the cruise trim set in, the aircraft would have either stalled and dove from cruise altitude, or with asymmetric shut down of the engines, spun it. And the result would not have been just a flaperon being torn loose from the aft wing area.
Interesting. If we examine ocean currents, it appears that the plane crashed several thousand miles north of where it was placed previously. Additionally, the current reverses itself during Monsoon season. Barnacles also only grow in intertidal waters, but we don't know how long it's been in the Reunion area, or whether it was located in some other intertidal area for long enough to grow barnacles. Perhaps an examination of the different distribution of barnacle species will offer us some clue. Many live only in specific temperature/ocean depth levels. Normally moving counter-clockwise, in the winter the Indian Ocean gyre reverses direction due to the seasonal winds of the South Asian Monsoon. Due to this seasonal wind cycle, the currents of the Indian Ocean, which make up the Indian Ocean gyre, are directly affected, causing reversal.
Since March 2014 this debris has been floating around on the surface of the ocean, driven by wind tide and currents for thousands of miles... Some of the relatives just want closure, others want an official rulling so they can collect the life insurance, or get married again.
NASA is asking beachcombers to report found space x debris. Was the same request made for 370 or has all the washed up debris been secreted away?
Nobody ever doubted that debris would wash up on shore SOMEWHERE many months later as the only logical theory was it crashed in open ocean. Authorities sent cell phone photos of the item to Boeing 10 minutes after recovery who confirmed it was a 777 type aircraft wing component. There's been no other 777 accidents in that part of the globe. It will be positively identified as belonging to MH370 very quickly. This should dispel any doubts (if they existed) the plane landed/crashed anywhere else but in the Indian Ocean. Sadly, the find will not reveal the location of the impact site or help determine what caused the crash. At least it will help the victim's families with closure and moving on with their lives.
I disagree with "nobody" ----- there is a significant minority of nutjobs who believe the plane was hijacked by an evil villain living in a giant lair where a jumbo jet could land and takeoff.......................sigh.
Who or what official body has said that part was from a Boeing 777, from what I can read it all very subjective, hence is that why it has gone to France ?
Len G...(1) Photos have already been posted online matching details on the debris to mechanical drawings shown in a Boeing 777 maintenence manual and they're an identical match....sorry you missed seeing them. (2)The NTSB is only in support capacity and France was elected (by Malaysia) to be the lead lab for investigation....sorry you missed reading that in the above article. (3) Australia is lead coordinator/investigator as was requested by Malaysia. The latter lacks facilities/equipment for this task.
Len, Reunion is a French territory. International protocol dictates that the country whose territory wreckage is found on takes the lead in investigating it, with assistance of course. Boeing officials have said this is from a 777, although this will be confirmed in the coming days.
oh, i read plenty of theories that suggested the plane was hyjacked and safely land somewhere. that's why it's so fun to fast forward to the comments.
Raven... we all are speculating.... I doubt if the parts washed up by themselves..
Aviation experts will be able to figure out what type of plane this part is from. The photograph of the part shows is up away from the beach. Either heavy surf took it their, or it moved there by whoever found it and they left it before calling authorities. The exact location of where the part was found is crucial. If it floats, it is a clue, but it may only lead searchers within several 1000 miles of where it went down.
Gee, Steve. You should be working for some government agency to have figured all that out.
Yeah, the article plainly states that the part was moved by the fellow who found it and his soccer mates. Evidently reading the article is too tedious.............
Red. they dont play soccer in those islands. they dont even know what a ball is.
Saw TV interview of local guy, beachcomber type, that found it in surf and he drug it ashore. Then he and a buddy moved it up from surfline so it wouldn't wash away. He claimed not to know about crash of MH370, but knew it was probably part of a plane. Someone supposed used google to check plane crashes and that was when they called the local cops.
M. only in the world where they have tvs. these people don't know what a tv is.
It has to be it. It's the only 777 that's missing. Hopefully more pieces will follow and the families will finally have closure.
Yep, how many 777's have hit the ocean?
How many of these parts have fallen off of planes while flying? Mechanical failure is common place in any industry.
Jayme, are you serious? Did you see the size of the part and I guess you dont realize that if a wings flap fell off the plane would crash. lol @ stuff "falling off"
Have you never read a story about airplane parts crushing houses from falling off. Planes have landed with an entire wing missing before. Engineering 101, if it can fail, it will fail. The front and top provide the lift for an aircraft, the rear of the wing is not that important.
Hopefully this is a part of the wreckage. It might allow the families of the passengers some closure. The other good news is at least Trump is off the headlines for a while.
Trump is feeling lonely, and will soon come out with a statement that the MH370 passengers were all rapists and killers, and his poll points will jump 10 points again.
Story even knocked Kim and Miley off the news- for 1 day.
I'm an NTSB investigator (not assigned to this case) and I've never encountered floating aircraft parts, but I was on a ship a few years ago in the eastern Gulf of Mexico and ran across floating wreckage of a nautical nature. Conveniently, it had distinctive numbers and other markings, and a little web research identified it as one hull of a racing catamaran that broke up in a storm 15 months before in mid-Atlantic. Now, the current where we found it floating was easterly - FROM the Gulf INTO the Atlantic (by way of the Straits of Florida - the famous Gulf Stream). So anyone attempting a simplistic analyisis with an ocean currents chart and a ruler would have "proved" that it could not possibly have been where it was - except that, in FACT, that is where it ended up. A more sophisticated analysis (and consistent with the observed facts) might have been that it drifted south into the Equatorial Current (or even east into the Canary Current and thus to the EC), and then west into the Caribbean Current and through the Yucatan Channel to where we found it. Although even that would be guesswork, and oversimplified. The paths of floating objects in the sea, while they may have a slight bias in one direction or another over time, are essentially "random walks" as the object is influenced by both wind and water, and bounces around from one flow to the next.
Wow. A very long story that means absolutely squat.
Confirms my extensive observations of my toys in the bath tub
The Air France A300 crash in the South Atlantic resulted in a lot of floating debris.
The oceans have so many mysteries. So many people have traveled across them and never been found.
We're still finding debris here on the Oregon coast from the Japanese tsunami, and it's on the coast lines from Alaska to Hawaii four years after the event. Just a few days ago a person found a bottle with a note in it that had been put in the water decades earlier. A child launched it from Ireland and it ended up in the central Mediterranean Sea! It seem unlikely that any known method of analyzing ocean currents would produce clear evidence of where that piece started drifting.
Can we wait a couple days? No! My constitutional guaranteed free opinion must be expressed (more like shouted out like fart). In the mean time, all news media are biased liberal evil. What a bunch of teabagger Repubtards!
@cluck said "I'm an NTSB investigator (not assigned to this case) and I've never encountered floating aircraft parts, " But, as a trained investigator, you certainly have been trained in water based accident analysis. Tell ya what...you do know impersonating a federal official is not legal, right?
Hey NTSB investigaror. WHy would you even be assigned to the case. You mak a point of saying you are not, This is NOT an NTSB case, but a Malaysian case. NTSB has not say in what goes on, although others may ask the NTSB for help ... but probably from someone in the NTSB that knows what they are talking about. I take it you are not an oceanographer since an oceanographer would not dribble out the kind of comments you did,. Then ... you are probably trying to write something that sort of resembles government-speak, which is a LOT of dribble.
The NTSB is (or was) involved in the investigation at the invitation of Malaysia since the aircraft was a US made 777.
A lot of cranky people replying to you, Cluckhead.
are you really an NTSB investigator or did you merely stay at a Holiday Inn last night?
I smell muzlim all over this!!!!!!!!!
I have been to the TSI crash investigation courses that all investigators attend in OKC. Floating aircraft parts ARE common as someone said earlier with the Air France crash. Another one that really sticks out in my mind is TWA flight 800. The first thing that is taught in investigating a crash is to not jump into the investigation trying to solve it. Go in with an open mind, gather the facts and let those facts tell you what brought down the aircraft.
If you're actually an NTSB investigator, explain how the BUAP anti-terrorist system works, and when they were implemented on 777s.
And it's amazing that the conspirators never thought that someone like you could figure this out. And I highly doubt you are the only guy on the planet qualified in the field you are in. I guess those damn conspirators were smart enough to #$%$ a plane but not smart enough to hire a guy like you that could have told them where the wing can and cannot drift to. LMAO...don't make me laugh
@cluckhead - I was one of the unfortunate few that read your diatribe. The thing that stood out to me was the same wording fans of sports teams they support use the term "we" when something is accomplished. 'Where WE found it'. What search team did you accompany and what area did you search?
Gosh, CNN is probably going to rebroadcast all stories from 2014 now.
Doubt it, since some of their original broadcasts boarded on 'lunatic fringe' ideas and theories. They don't repeat stuff that makes them look stupid, and some of the original junk was ridiculous- like almost everything Don Lemon said.
I can't think of anything any worse than seeing an aircraft seat bobbing around with a skeleton strapped in it. From the way these stories are turning out, anything is possible.
It would be nice for the families to have closure.
The flaperon will have part numbers on it and the alpha will identify what type of Boeing plane. It's a no brainer. If it is a 777 I don't imagine any other flaperons coming from another aircraft other than flight 370.
Get ready for 24 hour coverage from CNN, here we go again on news you can't use.
It is what they live for.
Naw, they have a white cop black criminal shooting to keep them busy
MH370 went down in Ferguson. It was quickly stripped out.
Sadly you are right. 15 seconds of information followed by 23 hours and 45 minutes of conjecture or NOT NEWS! At least it got Trump out of the headlines.
May we see detailed photos of the entire piece? We know what bullet holes and similar openings look like. From what we have seen it appears the piece entered the water at low speed partially attached indicating some incident prior to entering the water.
Yes, slowing down because it's out of fuel and probably completely attached to the flap as it was designed.
They should scour the shores of the island over the next week or so. If this huge piece was washed ashore by local currents, the odds are other pieces have arrived already or they're on their way.
They want to scan all the oceans floors eventually anyway, might as well keep going until it is all done and recorded. Then when better scanning comes available do it all again. Eventually many thousands of wrecks will be found, maybe even almost all of them. Build the tech and turn it loose to do the work.
So if it washed up, there is still no way of knowing where the rest of the wreckage is.. It has been a year+, who knows how far it traveled to wash up on the beach.. At least we finally heard something.. If it is a 777 wing, and there are no other 777 missing, I think it is safe to say this is flight 370.. If anything, it will give the families of the dead closure.
Closure??? How does finding part of an airplane closure. Closure is six feet under.
Hey nut, there under alright. Maybe 100's of feet. Lots are there. All WW2 lost people in ocean accidents. Big deal.
The piece had Barnacles on it. I do not think all Barnacles are created equal so marine biologists maybe will tell us which part of the Indian Ocean they came from.
Saw interesting interview of professor from Clemson that explained what type they were, and said there are over 200 subspecies of that type. He said the other marine growth, algae, etc., would probably help narrow it down but you would only get a very large possible area, hundreds of miles minimum, if not more.
The Clemson Professor also said it's been in the water so long that it could easily have '2nd generation' marine growth and not from the original area.
@Commenter You are correct on The Clemson Professor, but another Barnacles Forensics in California said that he Defense Department during the II world war used to study Barnacles on ships to find out where they have been depending on he species. America know how will untangle the mystery, I hope.
one of the barnacles is named Bill
The most dangerous part of taking a plane flight is still the drive to the airport Plane travel is incredibly incredibly safe. It is so safe that when 162 people are missing probably dead it is headline news. 3000 dead this month on our roadways is not a headline you often see. In some ways it is a matter of control. When you drive a car you think you have control, unfortunately, most are delusional. You can drive a safe car (like a Volvo) and have good insurance (I use $30/month from Insurance Panda), but even still… half of all car deaths are the other guys fault - you have zero control. All it takes is 1 texting teenager, 1 drunk, 1 stroke victim or 1 sleepy truck driver and you are dead. Happens 40-50 times every single day in the USA alone. In a way this coverage maintains the irrational out sized fear people have of certain things. Same with terrorism which is less likely to harm you than a lightning strike. At some point the media might want to stop preying on irrational fear and educate people on the true dangers in life. Don't hold your breath. If you consider the millions of flight that get flown every year, it is surprising that this kind of thing does not happen more often.
Your math seems to be a bit off. You claim 3000 dead this month which would be 100 per day, yet you cite a 40-50 number later in your post. Was July a bad month for auto deaths this year?
the most dangerous part of taking a flight is when engine parts fly through the cabin at hundreds of miles per hour, making the rear 1/3 of the plane like a "bass-o-matic"....
john_duhhhhh!: there are more than 30k traffic fatalities a yr. Because you are stupid, we will round to 36k. 36k / 12 months is 3k per month. Get it? still too complex? fatalities are usually higher in summer months, as more people are driving more, and farther.
You include more information that clark did Roquanda, including what a miserable #$%$ you must be. The $*&^$ word is an acronym for Can't Understand Normal Thinking.
Thank you JD. Funniest thing I've read today.
CNN's bread-and-butter from last year is back! What will Don Lemon say about it? "The jet passed through the cosmic black h0le and was beamed back to earth by the Starship Enterprise only to be found in pieces off the coast of Reunion Island".
You mean Don "Don't Have A Brain Cell" Lemon? At least he has a pleasant voice, because he doesn't have a clue otherwise. Another 'News Reader'.
That would be ironic. Searchers can't find the plane, so the plane has to come and find them.
It was always expected that the ocean currrents would cause any floating debris to eventually reach Africa or the islands off the coast.
Only clue didn't cost anything. Millions spent and this freebe......
Thor Heyerdahl proved rafts floated from South America end up in Polynesia. It all depends on from where you start, I guess.
What ever the situation This is the greatest aviation mystery in modern aviation history and I find these latest developments extremely interesting in terms of any light /info it may shed on this major aviation tragedy
Really..do you suppose it could be from the 777 MH370 flight? Jesus, the only 777 to have went down in the water was THIS 777! Do these dummies reporting think there is a junk dealer somewhere chucking 777 parts into the water?
No, but I've heard the conspiracy nuts talk about the wing being planted there by the CIA ... now they're going to have to come up with more theories to handle the fact that they found some luggage. Denial and conspiracy is an endless mental game.
If the piece IS from a 777, how many 777's are missing that they need a serial number to trace it to?
Did you read the article goofus. It clearly states that MH370 is the only 777 missing.
Only one, as David said. So you can pretty much be sure this is MH370.
Refreshing to read an article by someone who knows what they're talking about. Sorry for the crash.
The comments are more interesting than the article....
Plane was too far off course for this to have been an accident, probably another case of suicide by pilot and the aircraft industry doesn't want that news to get out as it could make people think (and rightly so) that their lives are in the hands of one person that could be mentally ill.
You just came up with this after more than a year?
Is anyone here a marine biologist?
No, but I watched the episode of 'Seinfeld' where George pretended to be one...
I did stay at a Holiday Inn express last night
I am not but, here is what I heard so far. 1. Part will be identified. 2. The Barnacles on the piece will be key to know where the rest of the plane is located. US Marine Biologists in California with Defence Department connections said so. Depends what species and lets hope that the US or Australia will get a sample and also let's hope that the French will not scrape them off and throw them away. 3. Let's pray for the families.
I watched a lot of Jacques Cousteau as a kid....how may I help you?...
Yeah, marine biologists spend all their time on Yahoo.
The French will scrape them off and cook them for lunch!
Of course, we'll have to wait for official confirmation, but it seems pretty conclusive that it is from 370 since the part is positively identified as a 777 flaperon and no other 777's are missing.
Why France and not Seattle? You would think many people on the 777 assembly line would instantly recognize the piece and they would have the files to check the serial numbers.
Because Reunion is a French territory. General rule of crash debris - you find it - you analyze it (Or ask who you want to help)
Wow, and not long after Shark Week either. Interesting.
This case will never really be closed until those black boxes are found.
Maybe. I doubt the voice recorder will show anything since it is on a short loop, and records over itself every couple of hours.
This wing tip seems to be a tease. Hopefully more can be found.
I hope this is part of the missing plane. The families have been waiting for this information.
Some have, some haven't. Some of the families don't want it to be true as they are holding out hope that the plane did not crash and the people are still alive.
Pretty clear why it crashed. It presumably ran out of fuel. Question is, why was it flying over the Indian Ocean? That, we may never know.
How does an aircraft go missing? The truth is that these planes are not being monitored to the degree the conspiracy theorists believe. The governments of the world are not all powerful or infinitely wealthy. There are not satellites scanning remote parts of the worlds' oceans no one cares about. There isn't the money or resources to monitor the precise location of the 100,000 passenger flights per day. Sure they are monitored over important locations. The world monitors hot spots like Ukraine. But the Indian Ocean. Normal flight routes with dozens of aircraft passing by every hour when nothing ever happens. It's not monitored. This plane was likely ditched by a suicidal pilot in a place he knew would be nearly impossible to find and retrieve the plane so no one would know what he did.
They keep saying the wing part has 'barnacles' on it but when I look at the pictures it looks more like mussels or something like that, don't see any barnacles. Must be missing something
So many islands to search, does it really this point in time? The only thing that we really know is we know nothing!!
I like all post-apocalyptic movies like Omega Man, Mad Max, or the Postman. Anything that doesn't have zombies.
My guess is that the final cause will not be allowed to be a Radical Muslim performing Jihad. I am also sure King Barry will insist that it be defined as an "isolated" incident. If he sees you with a Confederate flag he is blaming you for things that happened pre 1865. A group of Muslims can cut the heads off of a group of Christians and it will be deemed an isolated incident with no ties to Islam. And it won't make any difference what the countries directly impacted by this think to King Barry.
Pres. Obama controls the countries involved? Dude, you need psychological help. By the way, Pres. Obama has overseen the execution-via-drone of over 1,000 ISIS members each month according to the Pentagon.
Notice - In the extreme low probability any relatives of the passengers should read my comment, the following is not true and intended to be my poor attempt at humor. I mean no disrespect. Breaking News - Some survivors of MH370 have been found on a tiny deserted island. Their survival has been led by the Captain, who they refer to as Skipper, and the first officer Gillibad. In fact they refer to their island as Gillibad's Island. As it turns out, they are stranded because of Gillibad, who accidently shut down all the engines. He tends to be a real screw-up, constantly causing disasters. A professor, who was one of the survivors drew a map on a piece of floating debri showing where they were stranded. That map is on the piece of debri which washed up on Reunion Island. It enabled the searchers to find the Gillbad's Island and rescue the survivors.
it IS funny, just not appropriate....
The good news is nothing changed. Same as yesterday...
Yep agree 100%. simple comment are the Most intelligent one on yahoo
Let's hope this item really does belong to the plane in question, and that it leads to further recoveries. My heart goes out to the surviving loved ones and friends who have had to endure this agony over the missing plane for well over a year.
Alright here it comes;a new conspiracy theory for you who love mysteries and horror movies.That part number just means that that is a certain part on a 777 all 777's would have that number part not to mention spares;ok now for the good stuff,they could have taken parts from a 777 and aged them exactly in a controlled environment where they could recreate the aging process complete with barnacles and such from the supposed crash site,Not that I believe this to be true ...just sayin hmmm
Finally! Someone who knows what happened!
Tin foil hats are in aisle 5 at walmart, just stay away the basement.
Only problem is: There aren't any "old" ones! They're all still flying! Only five have been lost in all the tie they've been flying, the other four on the ground, thousands of miles from there and completely accounted for. It cannot be from any other plane.
Pygmalion, There was one in Israel being dismantled. What happened to that?
Sounds like an awful lot of work when it would have been easier to keep the whole plane missing so there would be 0 evidence to investigate. Rather than go thru all that and hope nobody figures out it is a fake ..hmmmmm
COUNTERPOINT....It is called a SERIAL # stamped on the data identity plate, including the manufacturers part number and Boeings part number and the manufacturers name and sometimes there is a bar code on these components too.
Space aliens have superior technology and can replicate any part using 3D printing. They planted phony part to misled everyone.
When you guys are flying in a airliner, how close to the land are you before you start seeing cars? When I have flown I always look coming in for a landing, and don't see them till relatively low. So lady saying she saw plane in water at 35,000 feet would be impossible.
"It has been more than one year, and now they claim to have found debris of MH370 on an island? We don't accept this. We do not believe what they claim." This sister hasn't believed anything from day one. Why would waiting a year and a half to announce something like this make it less believable? If they wanted to calm people down and not spend $100 million on a search, they would have "manufactured" this story and wing portion 9 months ago. She can't think straight through all her effin grief. She should join Jenny McCarthy in her fight--with no evidence--for the obliteration of childhood vaccines. What a maroon.
I wonder if it was suppose to be a 3 hour flight just like the 3 hour tour on Gilligan's Island, thank goodness they didn't go down in the Bermuda Triangle.
I'm a retired pilot and I have no opinion.
XXX, you need to be on CNN. You are just as qualified and the rest of their "experts".
Yeah. Me too. I flew Piper Cherokees for 12 hours so that make me an expert too.
Everyone has an opinion, what you don't have is facts. Yet.
I have facts, the fact that this was a #$%$ news feature.
I'm not a pilot, but I did stay at a Holiday Inn Express last night!
That's what I tell the flight attendants when I board a plane, "I've had 22 hours in a Cessna 150 in 1974, and stayed in a holiday Inn express last night, so if the pilot needs help in an emergency, I'm here for him (or her), or it in case of autopilot failure during his union mandated coffee break.
One of the most useless comments I've ever seen.
If a stolen car is found parked on the street in front of your house, does that prove that you stole it?....No...The only thing it proves is that there is a basis to begin an investigation. Here, the authorities have already announced that finding the part "proves" that the plane crashed in the Ocean. When in fact, the only thing it proves is that the part was found on the beach at Reunion. Any time you see the outcome of an "investigation" announced before any investigating is done, you can be sure that the "investigation" is a Dog & Pony Show.
So, Richard, if the part is identified as a 777 part and there are no other 777's missing, how else would YOU explain a barnacle encrusted 777 part that washed up on the beach??
No outcome has been announced and you analogy is pretty silly. By your logic the car could have been found in the ocean (stolen and driven off a pier someplace?) and then recovered and placed in front of your house. Or aliens stole it, took it to mars for inspection and then returned it to your house? Finding airplane parts in the ocean from a plane that technology say's disappeared over the ocean leads to one pretty logical conclusion don't you think.
Let's not try diversionary tactics, Cyberdrone. Stick to the topic of the plane. Dirt Rider. Let's say the plane was overflying the Maldives, where Prince William was vacationing. The ISIS sympathizer pilot intended to take out the heir to the throne in a 9-11 style mission. RAF or USAF fighters scramble and splash the unidentified menacing plane. The US and UK don't want to admit what they've done, much preferring a missing plane mystery. Still the publicity and attention is unwanted so they want to solve the mystery, and put it to rest. A previously recovered part (flaperon) is taken to the military reserve at Diego Garcia, tethered in an isolated lagoon and left to marinate for 500 days. When the time seems right the part is moved to an isolated south ocean beach where it will soon be found.
Okay, Cyberdrone. You do have some rudimentary spark of humor in your cranium. So you tell me what really happened? The pilot just decided to fly off into the ocean for no reason? I find that to be a ridiculous conspiracy theory. Isn't it more likely that the pilot/jacker knew what he was about and had some sort of plan? If he only wanted to kill non-Muslim Chinese infidels, why not kamikaze into downtown Singapore? So it is you, Cyberdone who is propounding an absurd conspiracy theory.
It doesn't explain the skirting the border of Thailand-Malaysia at treetop level to avoid radar. Nor the skirting of Indonesian airspace on the way to open ocean. Nor the disabling of the transponder and other communication devices. The pilot's flight simulator, filled with island locations reveals a window into his planning. As for your scenario, I'm sure major airlines all have explicit contingency plans that would include keeping the cabin secured no matter what, and diverting to the nearest airfield for an emergency landing. I agree that the wing segment doesn't indicate a 700 MPH impact. Nor does it indicate a 100 MPH impact. In fact it shows no visible damage at all, beyond barnacle encrustation.
Didn't they confirm the part number and correctly identify the component as a flaperon from a 777? Was the serial plate attached? If so, compare the flaperon's serial number against the recorded number in the aircraft's component records.
What? And spoil all this fun?
Can't be from MH370. Saw too many posts on Yahoo from geniuses stating that the aircraft was in hiding and will be used to attack the US.
good call.....my thoughts exactly.....probably planted there...
You need to have more faith in the nut jobs. If ithis wing piece is determined to be part of the wreckage, the conspiracy comments will just change to claiming it is a fake, but the real plane is still being hidden to eventually attack the US.
*puts on foil hat Well, the article says there are no 'missing 777s that they know of'. How many are missing that they DO know about? *removes foil hat I hope this is the real deal, and that they eventually find the missing plane.
There goes the NYC tower again.
Don't forget that ISIS is hiding MH370, as well as a dozen other jets, in orde to cause a new 9/11. That is, if you believe these ridiculous comment sections full of Alex Jones clones.
Posts are wrong, part of a 'false flag operation' to mislead you, since everyone knows the aliens have learned how to manipulate the internet to hide their presence and operations. Aliens planted airplane part to mislead investigators. If the aliens want to fly the 777 again they'll just buy another flaperon on the internet. Strongly suggest investigators check Amazon, eBay, etc., for sales of used flaperon's- then they can trace shipment to the aliens secret base in the Australian outback.
Commenter: is that you, Alex Jones? You're a bit late to the party!
It cannot be too difficult to get a positive ID on this part. It's not like 777's are losing their flaperons on a regular basis and I'm fairly certain that Boeing is not manufacturing extras that get tossed into the ocean for easy disposal. I live on the approach of a major TNT hub and I have yet to get a flaperon dumped into my yard. These are not a dime a dozen.
Wikipedia states that as of January, 2015 there were only 5 complete losses of 777's and 13 major accidents. Funny how news media covered this 24/7 when the plane went missing but now cannot go out on a limb connecting the dots.
that flaperon has a data tag on the inside edge. all they have to do is pull up the records for the plane and match the numbers and bingo. plus, how many 777 parts are just floating in the ocean? its funny how a part that was worth several hundred thousand dollars is just laying around.
OK Gents, lets verify the part and then provide the facts of the disposition to the Media and Professional community. Sorry it takes a few days.... really sorry it takes a few days for that Please accept all apologies and just to compensate you for your infinite patience you are "ENTITLED" to a free single scoop ice cream cone at any Baskin-Robbins. Again, sorry for the inconvenience and appreciate your patience while this slow and tedious process is clarified.
Wes has a good point. The press really spread a bunch of BS about the whole issue from the start. Even the Australian PM ate crow on the issue. And even if it is from 370 it is not going to close the case of where the rest of the airplane lies.
I am hoping they can find this plane soon and give the families peace. I can't imagine not knowing where a loved one is
god you're moron jim...and I did mean peace
There is clearly a part number visible in some of the photos, and there is a serial number there too. How many investigators does it take from how many far-flung locations, and how long does it take, to check these against Boeing's records? This find has been in the news for at least 24 hours. Seems like they should know and be able to make some official announcement by now.
They don't even need that; they said it's a part from a 777 and that's the only one unaccounted for. It takes time to come up with the proper wording, and prepare for questions, and get set up, make announcements, let the press know and get there. I prefer them taking their time as opposed to going about it all haphazard and wind up hurting the victim's families more or saying something that's wrong or speculation, etc.
They know, but a good investigator won't be quick to jump to conclusions...
Mr Henry you are correct. airplane are built using thousands of part numbers each one has a number or letter that id's it to the model.
Re: MH17, MH370 and other world events. Don't rely on the mainstream media. Check out informationclearinghouse dot info, globalresearchdotca, consortiumnewsdotcom, counterpunchdotorg, Rtdotcom, AlJazeeradotcom PressTVdotcom to read articles and watch news reports that you will never see in the US media. Better still, hook up your TV to your PC using a HDMI cable and stream news over the internet from these foreign networks and get a deeper perspective of what's really happening in the world.. Note: These news sources are not for neo-cons & Zionist
yes read some off the wall, low key web site and believe anything it says.. no lies on the internet...
@Citizen - Keep watching FoxNews. Only they speak the truth.
so to you there is only off the wall and fox? no other media at all? maybe that's your problem if you like the national enquirers for your news have at it...
MH17 brought down by an Israeli "Python" air-to-air missile fired by a Ukrainian fighter jet captain seen tailing MH17. A group of old hand aviation security experts maintain this is what happened and was discussed on Yahoo July 16, 2015. The fighter jet captain went missing on his return to base and no one was allowed to question him. He just went missing. Also two air traffic controllers from Kiev also went missing. A false flag operation gone bad. Petro Poroshenko holds the smoking gun on this one...
No one on the ground saw any trailings from a "BUK" missile. Evidence shows it is a Python air-to-air missile that brought down MH17. Google it up and see the whole story.
yeah sure Hal your tinfoil hat is tuned to Uranus again
Incredible. What a rarity in this day and age. A lost airplane.
Sort of a modern day Mary Celeste mystery. People that like to make up weird theories about unsolved mysteries are all over this, and now this wreckage will just get the weird stories going all over again.
A pilot said a fire has started or some electrical problem that created smoke in the cockpit and disabled the communication system , the 1st thing the pilots did was to change course to the nearest airport and before they lost consciousness into the thick smoke they did what they could and in the final moment were able to activate the autopilot. In my opinion the pilots should have gas masks to survive not just smoke but even nerve gas as well. In this situation whatever started the smoke in the cabin some time later just stopped w/o overtaking the aircraft in flames but did enough damage to disable both the communication system and the pilots. If the smoke started in the cargo the aircraft would still be able to communicate with the towers and radars, so it's clear a wiring problem and it could happens again with another 777. Hope they find one day the black boxes.
Pilots DO have masks for oxygen and smoke.
Nicola - you do understand that nerve gas type agents require 100% haz-mat suits (picture something space-suit'ish). So, no, not gonna happen.
Have you started your screenplay yet? @Nicola - Put down the remote, read a novel, or a comic book.
ALL actors same as What appears to be an attack against whites is in fact preparing the manuhunt for blacks and other non-whites. Published before the "Confederate flag banned" psy-op", staged shortly after using the same basic psy-op technique. BIKER GANG shooting hoax, Waco, Texas: How and Why did the illuminati stage it How it was staged: Mock simulated realiity at the end of shpw, create cognitive dissonance The "first impact", this time figuratively not litterally as in the Germanwings hoax staged as "everything vaporized". Despite "a massive brawl and shooting between two biker gangs" there's no blood, the bikes are orderly ranged. On the other hand, it's packaged as "impossible that it was staged": Massive use of actors but by far not as many as what is suggested. Example: 21 mug shots while video states "170 gang members now under arrest". Agendas USA agendas include «disarm citizens», «accept police shooting cvilians», «set legal precedents to step by step strip citizens from ALL their rights», «manhunt for non-whites». Global agendas: to complete the psy-op "Putin's biker gang ride from Moscow to Berlin", staged days earlier using the illuminazi suicide bombers of russian government to revenge Hitler's defeat. Set legal precedents to step by step strip citizens from ALL their rights: As illustrated by headlines "Police want bikers off streets after deadly Texas shooting". As for "Feds Plan To Ban Biker Gangs From Wearing Logos": This will also ultimately apply to: Confederate Flag - associated with hate crime group NRA stickers and patches - associated with crime paraphernalia Christian Cross - associated with organized discrimination Marijuana Leaf items - associated with illegal activities This is an ongoing program. The "Redskins" logo was the main precedent setter to get people used to the idea. There are many more logos and symbols that will be affected. Essentially, no logo that is not Trademarked will be allowed to be displayed....and the Trademarking process will filter out all of the unwanted logos and symbols. Manhunt for non-whites: 1. What seems to be a "manhunt for bikers, almost all white" is in fact staged as "contrast it with Baltimore riots", another act setting the stage for the supervised race war: from having police dressed similarly to the bikers to the biker's reaction, orderly waiting to be detained. 2. Set a legal precedent to go after ANYONE part of a gang. Gang members will be the first to be rounded and beheaded by the guillotine in malls morphed into extermination camps, with shops used as very temporary death row cells. Why is a "BIKER GANG shooting" headlines around the world? One of the agendas is to refresh the brains of the human cattle about the previous BIKER GANG psy-op, the ride of russian bikers to Berlin to celebrate Victory Day over Hitler 70 years later, alias to mock it. In other words: the "mind control" alias psy-op technique of acceptance/refusal/refreshing by association. ALL us-state-terror.blog+spot.--- /2015/05/
Is it painful bing that incredibly stupid?
So, apparently, it was only Don Lemon's integrity that disappeared into the black h0le.
According to USA that hole in the wing was caused by a Russian BUK missile.
No. Hole caused by laser ray gun fired by aliens when aircraft failed to surrender to them and tried to get away.
Getting religious for a moment...Once i was lost, and now i've been found(Reunion Island) for your perfect destination getaway...Mad as gas cars recall. oil holes recall...
I hate to be "Captain Obvious" here, but EVERY major assembly on an FAA registered plane has an identification plate on it. Why not just look for it?
And all Boeing planes have this on them no matter WHERE they are registered!
The flaperon that was found is only one part of the assembly which includes the aerodynamic load-bearing structure and the hydraulic actuators and linkages. It is most likely that the ID plate is mounted to the assembly structure, not the flaperon itself.................
Well if this turns out to be part of the flap belonging to the missing jetliner it will at least shut up the conspiracy theorists claiming that terrorists are hanging on to the plane in some secret hanger in the desert so they can ready it for an attack on US mainland soon. lmfao.
You think a little thing like evidence will stop conspiracy theorists? lol. I'll bet you a coke that theorists will say the terrorists took a part off the plane and threw it in the ocean to mislead everyone.
Sara: I can't make a bet like that. A coke is a horrible thing to lose and you may have a point. But I like the way you think. Are you married? :)
After the FALSE FLAG attack on 9/11, EVERYTHING must be presumed a "conspiracy theory" until proven otherwise
No, I am not married having recently divorced a conspiracy theorist. He may just be Anonymous By Necessity, who knows.
Sarah: I hope he's not stalking you...lol
Sarah: take care. Life gets better as time passes. I too am divorced. It's been 14 years. It was 8 years before I could even date again. I know that sounds a bit over the top but there was a whole lot of pain involved in the split. Still tough to trust anyone. I'll say a prayer for you today. Keep your chin up. Rich blessings. :)
PS: If you ever wanna "talk" to you can email me at secretariatmjp at gmail.
How did the debris get from CNN reporter Don Lemon's Black H0le on to this Island?
Oooh...plot twist! So now it appears the plane did not make it to an undisclosed airfield. So that can be scratched off the list as a potential explanation. So it looks like 1 of 3 possibilities: 1) Crashed over the ocean after running out of fuel and NO ONE had any idea where it crashed. 2) Crashed over the ocean after running out of fuel and the US government was aware of its relative location based on "indications" (that was the official public statement), thus sending the USS Kidd to the area. Perhaps designed to help searchers "stumble across" the debris without the US having to reveal how it knew. The Chinese military were interested in what we would expose with regards to our espionage capabilities, after all. 3) The US military was aware of the flight going "dark" on radar, so they started tracking it via satellite. Sent fighters to intercept and eventually shot it down due to it moving in the direction of Diego Garcia.
Now we can finally put to rest the absurd claims that this plane was flown on the mainland. I would support more ocean exploration in general not just for the search of MH370 but a majority of our oceans haven't been searched yet and imagine what kind of new aquatic life and shipwrecks we could find? There are so many missing ships and planes that I believe it's time we start searching all of are oceans to put all of these mysteries to rest.
Except that no one really boats or flys over most of our oceans. Thus why there will be little amounts of shipwreck and plane debris in those remote oceans. Plus, we have better things to use our money on.
Who will pay for all this Zach? You?
Everybody knows that is from Amelia Earhart's plane.
I HOPE AND PRAY THAT THIS MYSTERY WILL FINALLY BE REVEALED FOR THE FAMILIES' SAKE. I CAN NOT IMAGINE ANYTHING WORSE THAN HAVING SOMEONE YOU LOVE VANISH AND NEVER HAVING ANSWERS.
I can imagine something worst....like a stuck caps lock button....
I hope and pray that your caps lock button gets fixed. It will be for the betterment of all man-kind.
Let's hope that this is the first step in bringing closure for all of those families.
So how can an island that's closer to Madagascar than France belong to the French? Now they're saying that China cannot claim islands next to the Philippines? Looks like only Europeans have the rights to claim anything, the others cannot.
Might maybe could would should... uh huh... How about ya let me know when YOU finally know
So....supposedly a piece of MH370 was found on an island off the coast of AFRICA. Didn't they say the plane had to have went down off the coast of AUSTRALIA? Zero chance a piece of the wing happens to wash up on a beach 3,100 miles away from where it "crashed". The chances of that happening are worse than winning the Powerball every week for a year. Either this is a planted part, or the plane did not go down off Australia like we were told.
Debris from the Japan tsunami washed up on the California shore quite some time later.
I'm looking at two specific quotes from the article: "Air safety investigators, including one from Boeing, have identified the component ...as a "flaperon" from the trailing edge of a Boeing 777 wing..." And "Flight 370, which disappeared March 8, 2014, with 239 people on board, is the only 777 known to be missing". Now, unless there's some joker running around tossing 777 parts into the Indian ocean, wouldn't a reasonable person conclude from those statements that this HAS to be from MH370?
Or, before getting sued or being accused of misleading people, they can check the serial numbers on the parts and trace it back to MH370 and confirm 100% and thus avoid all of the speculation and issues.
The S/N matches or it doesn't. Period.
What serial number? They're looking for part numbers to verify the thing was made by Boeing.
"Investigators have found a number on the part, but it is not a serial or registration number..."
Take a look at your car, Lee. See how many parts you can find marked with the VIN, how many have a part number and how many have no markings at all.
My car is even allowed to have generic parts. Not the case with aircraft.
Its scrap from a plane graveyard. The plane has a story behind it that the powers that be do not want out. The key thing behind this story is that the plane itself contained 70 employee's from a corporation called Freescale semiconductors. Which is owned by the Rothschild's. The plane had 3 of 4 patent holders for a new technology that allows for video camera's to see through solid objects. The fourth patent holder was the corporation that is owned by the Rothschild's. THAT is the story being missed. Oh, did I forget to mention the plane was headed to China?
Do you find the tin foil hat becomes uncomfortable during the summer months?
What I love about your silly conspiracy theories is that they are so easy to actually verify the truth behind the crazy allegations. Freescale happens to be a publicly traded company. They have a website. You can look them up and read anything you want in their filing documents. Also, a very basic understanding of how patents are awarded and how rights pass would tell you that your story is false. But, don't let facts get in the way of your theories. Also, do you often comment on stories that discuss the failings of the US Education system? I mean, the system only seems to be good at turning out screenwriters for failing psyop tv shows.
@Henry H: What I love about these theorists is that they believe that the government is so incredibly super-clever that it can pull off these cunning attacks, leaving no witnesses with verifiable evidence to back their claims. Yet, they also believe that the government is so cosmically stupid that it leaves evidence everywhere for any fool with a computer to "discover." They don't acknowledge the real proof: If the government were really running such deadly shadow ops and capable of deceiving the world so skillfully, then anyone who posted the truth would be taken away in the middle of the night or suffer an "accident." The fact that these people keep posting their drivel is the ultimate proof that they are wrong.
Fred - well, it is even better than that. These same people, I assume, have dealings every day with government officials. They have to stand in line at the DMV, see how the school board spends their money, see the same endless road construction projects we all see etc. They can't seem to reconcile that the same "gummint" that apparently full of this incompetence can somehow rise to the occasion and run these conspiracies. We'd know a true conspiracy exists when they don't dig up a road to replace cables or some other idiocy right after they just finish paving it.
All Lies! Ancient Aliens took the Plane.
Won amass and team are meeting to discuss wether or not to issue a red line statement or blame this one on the nest president for not coming forward. All of the bush's fault reason have been used up
I just hope that the black box will be located someday and give the families the much needed closure they need.
I'm no expert, but I did stay at a Holiday Inn last month. If they want me to, I'll find the plane.
If Boeing can't make an identification, it could be a counterfeit part from just about anywhere.
So a positive ID on a 777 component? Have these statements been verified?
Could be a part of a flaperon from a 777 or other wide body. It certainly falls into the modern, last 15 years category.
September 22 - 28 Better be ready.
Are you gonna come down here and straighten us out ?
I'll have to give my Mayan prayer wheel an extra spin.
Is there going to be a party at the Moon Tower?
This is the end, my beautiful friend, the end...
I'm guessing someone moved the debris that weighs several hundred pounds 200 yards over the berm, various rock walls to preserve the evidence.
The 777 is not a terrorist proof airplane because of many places to hide combined with lack of security at the airport. Even with inspection, the flight crew may be already under terrorist control before departure. Reported unreasonable altitude changes may be due to a struggle in the flight deck. It is SIMPLE with GPS and SaTELLITES to track airplanes over oceans. Except for regulatory cowards afraid of committing to specific design, because stupid.
ALL ACTORS same as this What appears to be an attack against whites is in fact preparing the manuhunt for blacks and other non-whites. Published before the "Confederate flag banned" psy-op", staged shortly after using the same basic psy-op technique. BIKER GANG shooting hoax, Waco, Texas: How and Why did the illuminati stage it How it was staged: Mock simulated realiity at the end of shpw, create cognitive dissonance The "first impact", this time figuratively not litterally as in the Germanwings hoax staged as "everything vaporized". Despite "a massive brawl and shooting between two biker gangs" there's no blood, the bikes are orderly ranged. On the other hand, it's packaged as "impossible that it was staged": Massive use of actors but by far not as many as what is suggested. Example: 21 mug shots while video states "170 gang members now under arrest". Agendas USA agendas include «disarm citizens», «accept police shooting cvilians», «set legal precedents to step by step strip citizens from ALL their rights», «manhunt for non-whites». Global agendas: to complete the psy-op "Putin's biker gang ride from Moscow to Berlin", staged days earlier using the illuminazi suicide bombers of russian government to revenge Hitler's defeat. Set legal precedents to step by step strip citizens from ALL their rights: As illustrated by headlines "Police want bikers off streets after deadly Texas shooting". As for "Feds Plan To Ban Biker Gangs From Wearing Logos": This will also ultimately apply to: Confederate Flag - associated with hate crime group NRA stickers and patches - associated with crime paraphernalia Christian Cross - associated with organized discrimination Marijuana Leaf items - associated with illegal activities This is an ongoing program. The "Redskins" logo was the main precedent setter to get people used to the idea. There are many more logos and symbols that will be affected. Essentially, no logo that is not Trademarked will be allowed to be displayed....and the Trademarking process will filter out all of the unwanted logos and symbols. Manhunt for non-whites: 1. What seems to be a "manhunt for bikers, almost all white" is in fact staged as "contrast it with Baltimore riots", another act setting the stage for the supervised race war: from having police dressed similarly to the bikers to the biker's reaction, orderly waiting to be detained. 2. Set a legal precedent to go after ANYONE part of a gang. Gang members will be the first to be rounded and beheaded by the guillotine in malls morphed into extermination camps, with shops used as very temporary death row cells. Why is a "BIKER GANG shooting" headlines around the world? One of the agendas is to refresh the brains of the human cattle about the previous BIKER GANG psy-op, the ride of russian bikers to Berlin to celebrate Victory Day over Hitler 70 years later, alias to mock it. In other words: the "mind control" alias psy-op technique of acceptance/refusal/refreshing by association. == ALL us-state-terror.blo+gspot.--- /2015/05/
Stop before they put the white jacket on you!
I figured he would make sense to you. mama.
lol is this a joke or is he actually serious?
Sadly this is what folks obsess over, usually right before they pick up a gun and head for a movie theater.
Fugly, I was the 1st commenter and I clearly stated this dude needed to stop before they put a white jacket on him. As in, he is crazy. How you figured that would make sense to me...makes no sense to me!
Wouldn't a flaperon sink to the bottom of the ocean unless it's lightweight and made out of styrofoam?
I hope investigators have enough common sense to keep the Malaysians from any contact with this piece of wing or any investigation. Does any airline pilot out there know if the black boxes of the plane can be damaged by long term exposure to salt water and the pressures of deep ocean? It would be a shame if the plane is found and later be determined that the black boxes were damaged by the sea.
They will be found to have been turned off by the flight's captain.
Please note they found the flight data recorders of the Air France Airbus that went down in the Atlantic off Brazil in somewhat over 10,000 of water after 2 years. The memory on these is electronic, so as long as the system stays intact it should be readable.
Airplane flight MH370 is blown up by thermobaric explosion of Mossad on the crosshairs currents of South Equatorial and North Equatorial of the Indian Ocean. He flew by course toward Somalia so that in case of failure of the explosive device, a plane was shot down with missiles Somali Islamists from the Pentagon. Airplane flight MH370 flied low over Kuda Huvadhoo, because at the Islamists of Somalia no missiles of BUK1. The Islamists of Kabul could shoot down the plane MH17 by the rocket from the mountains (from the Pentagon).
Looks like someone forgot to take their meds.
congratulations: wildly stupid AND racist explanation.
I think you mixed up your vodka with kerosene
I think counterintelligence of Kuda Huvadhoo outplayed BND, Mossad and reconnaissance of the Pentagon.
Hopefully, the wing flap will pan out to be part of the missing plane. However, I sure wouldn't be listening to anything that anyone in authority in Malaysia has to say.......in the beginning, there were so many false leads and just outright made-up stories.
This story is new enough that it should really include the fact that a battered suitcase has been found washed up in the same area as well.
What's the source on that information?
What's the source? How about the BBC. Take a moment to search for it online.
Thank you....maybe next time you should simply add the source to your comment as there is far too much misinformation on the web/comments section to sift through and by adding it to your comment you add legitimacy to it.
MH370 was hijacked by the governments of India and the US. It was remotely hijacked using the anti-terrorist system Boeing uninterruptible Autopilot (BUAP) on board. BUAP and the similar Honeywell system on Airbus cuts all electrical power to the cockpit and initiates a flight computer program to fly the aircraft to the airport destination of choice using an inaccessible secondary power supply. The systems were on all new Boeing aircraft as of at least 2006 when Bowing was awarded the patent, and all other large commercial airliners were retrofitted by 2009. I've watched Wikipedia change the story of this system, which I've followed for over a decade, from the development and implementation schedule. The latest change was some nobody consultant claiming the systems aren't on board. Total BS. The US government and media's failure to inform the public of these systems as the culprit (and now lie) in the last four diversions and crashes is proof they were behind them. You see, the US Pentagon is the only one with all the codes and the VHF ground stations and satellites to transmit them. MH370 was landed at Veer Savarkar airport in Port Blair on Andaman Island early that morning, directly where it was headed when lost by Malaysia's active radar, and already on India's. The airport is closed to operations at night, has more than ample runway and an ILS-3 system to land the plane remotely when connected to the flight computer. The airport is on the edge of the incoming Andaman Sea. The handshake pings, if they happened at all, could easily be accomplished by a "fly by" of another aircraft, probably a stealth fighter turning an ACARS box on with the duplicate signal. It was a great system to prevent terrorists hijacking your aircraft, until our governments became the terrorists and started using them to hijack (MH370), divert (MH17), and crash (AirAsia and Germany) aircrafts to murder or kidnap those on board for various reasons. I will personally never fly again, because you never know who is on board western governments want dead.Any questions?...I'm here to answer. This is despicable and high crimes by our entire US government.
Thank you for volunteering to never fly again. I certainly don't want to sit next to you and listen to your ramblings.
Um, there is a piece of the plane in that picture.
There is piece of "a" plane in that picture. What? Do you think the US government wouldn't plan down the road to have a segment of plane found (too dishonest), after hijacking an entire aircraft?! I must live in the dumbest , most gullible country in the world.
Best theory or fact you decide: On a flight from Jeddah to Kuala Lumpur that crossed over the Andaman Sea on March 8, Malaysian woman Raja Dalelah, 53, saw what she believed was a plane sitting on the water's surface. She didn't know about the search that had been started for MH370. She alerted a stewardess who told her to go back to sleep. 'I was shocked to see what looked like the tail and wing of an aircraft on the water,' she said. It was only when she told her friends on landing in Kuala Lumpur what she had seen that she learned of the missing jet. She had seen the object at about 2.30pm Malaysian time. he said she had been able to identify several ships and islands before noticing the silver object that she said was a plane. But her story was laughed off by pilots who said it would have been impossible to have seen part of an aircraft in the water from 35,000ft or seven miles. Ms Raja filed an official report with police the same day and has kept to her story. 'I know what I saw,' she said.
From 35,000 ft, she confused waves cresting for the "shape" of a plane, you just can't see from that height the detail she claims
Not sure why a pilot would say that. I'm a pilot, I regularly see other aircraft approaching my flight 15 miles away.
Much of the evidence (pings from the engines remaining active and showing high speed movement for some eight hours for instance), indicates that she is wrong.
Really - you're at comparable height with that other plane, against a backdrop of clear sky - a lot different than looking straight down from 35k ft.
I'll be the judge of what I can see Vic....ok?
Sorry I'm with Vic on this one. We play a game driving through Oklahoma. How far away is the bridge. We guess 5 miles. It's more like 20. Oklahoma is that flat. You can easily see 20 miles down the road in the right conditions. What's described by Ms Raja is certainly not the right conditions.
john...get real, a giant white 60 foot 777 tail, the only object on the sea for hundreds of miles, isn't conspicuous? I've spent my entire adult life in a career flying at 35,000 feet or higher, looking down. Your comment, Vics, and LaDons are all about telling me I'm a liar, to put in bluntly. I have no reason to lie. You say I can't be the judge of what I can see, then you judge what I can see? Let's hear your "science"! Here's mine, from a article by Natalie Woltchover of livescience....May 7 2012 "Considering the absolute threshold, the brightness of a candle flame, and the way a glowing object dims according to the square of the distance away from it, vision scientists conclude that one could make out the faint glimmer of a candle flame up to 30 miles away." Now, F off!
Yeah-way.. I think that the high speed movement was just assumed and combined with the time the signals were received from the engines. If the plane was afloat, it may be that the periodic transmissions still went on. So long as the plane was sitting on the arc that they determined from the satellite her report might be right. They have been assuming that the signals came from a plane that was flying at a normal speed, and not sitting on the surface of the ocean.
Yeah right 35,000 ft up cruising at hundreds of miles an hour, there is no way she could have seen what she claimed to be seeing Im calling BS. The ocean from that high up is like the desert, it will play tricks with your eyes.
@Shawn...35,000 feet up, your speed is insignificant when looking at a point 7 miles away. Play this game. Drive in your car at 60 mph (now, don't break the speed limit!). Look at a point just to the side of your car, along the shoulder. Your speed is significant. Now, shift your view to something a mile away to the side of your car...think it will be a blur? It won't. Geez....
LP the signals that were picked up by the satellites were from monitors used by the engine manufacturers to verify engine integrity. All the other signals from the aircraft were turned off...but the engine signals could not be turned off.
Sorry but I've done more than my share of commercial flying and from 35k feet you can easily miss ships a lot longer than this plane if the seas are at all active. If your claims were correct why don't we just have airplane passengers look out their windows every time another goes missing, instead of sending search & rescue planes flying at markedly lower altitudes to manually look?
Here is what I picked up about the engine pings: they contained no data about speed. "That said, the latest evidence of an electronic whisper from the plane, extending an electronic handshake to satellites but containing no data, suggests the aircraft was at least capable of communicating, though nothing else is known about its situation or whereabouts." so it indeed could have been floating at the time.
Your "science" does not apply in this case. You're talking about a candle in darkness, not a plane over a choppy ocean.
LaDon I don't think you can really compare a 60 foot tail of a plane to a tiny candle. If the wind were calm, I am guessing that the variations in the surface of the ocean would be a lot smaller than 60 feet, and the tail might indeed stand out. I agree with you in general, but if there were specific conditions of ocean surface or sun angle I am not ready to dismiss the possibility that the plane would be visible. Some people's vision is very good.
Correct Winter Guy...you can't compare a candle, visible at 30 miles, to a 60 foot tail (or more than just the tail) at 5 miles, other than to conclude that one of them is much more easily spotted!
I think her report of a visual contact, in contrast to the the total absence of contact via sonar devices, speaks very loudly!
The aircraft was hijacked using the BUAP system on board, and landed at Veer Savarkar in India. Smart people that followed it know this.
Here is a compromise: She had a premonition, perhaps!
Update. While flying from Jeddah to Nice France yesterday, I looked down, from 40,000 feet, an angle of about 60 degrees. That a slant range distance of about 8.6 miles. I could make out cars traveling on a highway. Most cars are around 16 feet long. I could see sailboats too. Tankers were very easy to see and positively identify. A 777 on the surface with a 200 foot wingspan, and a 60 foot tail, would have been easily identifiable. A sighting by a passenger is certainly not something to be "laughed off by pilots"....my first post in this thread was spot on.
Isn't it possible someone may have just aged a plane part for over a year in the sea and miraculously made it appear on the beach in Reunion for someone to find? I think they are tired of searching for this plane and it's costing too much time and resources and they want to be done with it.
Very possible indeed! Especially if they had made a huge profit from the hijacking. Now they can have the stolen cargo, kidnapped passengers and still collect a phat insurance settlement, now that it is "proven" that the plane crashed and sank in the ocean.
And there we have it. The sane among us were wondering how exactly the conspiracy theorists would twist themselves into pretzels to explain away this potentially vital discovery, and now we all know.
Hannah, when did you have most of your brain removed?
Wouldn't you be thinking this way if someone you loved was on the plane? Just because something washes up on shore it doesn't explain the reason or where their loved ones are.
Hannah, No, I wouldn't leap to such absurd conclusions. You're correct that there's no proof yet until serial numbers are matched, but your conspiracy theories are just way out in left field.
Just another news story planted by Libs to take the focus off Benghazi. - Sarcasm...
Not Benghazi, but I would call it a possibility more than "sarcasm." You don't think it's strange that Mullah Omar has been dead for two years and we are just now hearing about it? The progressive cancer is feeling a LOT of heat these days, diversions are a powerful tool.
I read "Brenner" and I weep for our educational system.
I weep for the mongoloid bloodline that spawned you. However, evolution will take care of that little problem.
Brenner, you are delusional. People who know the least about how the world works believe all kinds of conspiracy theories (think Blacks who think OJ was framed) or you and your belief in "the liberal Media" trying to divert your attention or anyone who thinks Obama is going to declare Marshall law or was born in Africa.
Ari, are you claiming my belief in a liberal media is "delusional"? Really? Then you're absolutely clueless.
Elements in the media are liberal - think TV shows portraying gays or blacks as normal human beings - but there is no liberal conspiracy to spin stories about the Mullah or the horrible situation with this lost flight to keep you in the dark about the "real story behind the scenes".. The real story is probably that the pilot killed everyone (not unlike the recent German pilot) and that the Blind Mullah was hiding in a remote mud hut somewhere with little if any communication and the info of his death has only now come out because the Afghan government is having negotiations and meetings with the opposition (to plan for when the US leaves).
I'm only presenting a POSSIBLE scenario. You are presenting the same.
Lost! The debris has been intentionally placed by Charles Widmore to cover up that the survivors are on an island.
I hope you really don't believe this. You really think 230 people would just put up with being trapped on an island?
Yes Justin. I believe that Charles Widmore is a real person and 230 people are putting up with being lost on an island. Lighten up man!
Your joke appears to be LOST on these people, Rhonda. They do need to lighten up a bit.
Are Alvar Hanso and the DeGroots involved?
Sorry. Never saw Lost. Had it been a Lord of the Flies reference maybe I wouldn't look like such an #$%$
Way to man-up Justin :) Kudos to you, Sir.
How many U.S. government bureaucrats will just have to travel business class to Reunion Island to investigate? 5? 7? 10?
I guess those idiots on Fox got it wrong again. Lt. Gen. McInerney: I Think the #MH370 Passengers May Be Alive & I Think the Plane Landed (Video) Retired Lt. General Thomas McInerney was back on with Sean Hannity tonight and still stands by his original statements that missing MH370 landed and did not crash into the ocean. “I think those passengers have the potential to still being alive. And I believe that airplane landed. I believe the airplane has landed and I’ve listened to a lot of aviation experts and none of them know anything about radical Islam. And I think that was one of the major shortcomings to think that as well planned as this was, and you just went through it with Mr. Kay, on how the transponder was turned off, they said goodnight, ACARS went off transponder. Take the line from the last transponder hit and then take the line from the Thai radar skin paint and draw that line. And see where it goes. It heads straight for India.”
That's funny, not only because it shows your ignorance, but because the Muslim population in India is 20%, the Hindus comprise 75%
So Randy you would rather live in a country where you can't express your opinion?
Nice try Jethro, we lost those during the Bush Administration. On this day in 2001, President George W. Bush signs the Patriot Act, an anti-terrorism law drawn up in response to the attacks on the Pentagon and World Trade Center on September 11, 2001.
Oh you are one of those "Blame Bush" people. I hope you develop a brain and start thinking for yourself some day.
Amazing how this piece of an aircraft is considered so important, as we know there was an aircraft MH370, we know it disappeared from radar so unless aliens took it, yes it crashed somewhere,but much like Amelia Earhart, we still have no clue where in the vastness of the ocean.
The search area was 46,000 sq miles with ocean floor 20-30,000 ft deep.
Actually, due to satellite pings, they do have indications where the plane may have crashed. Reunion Island is directly west of the current search area -- a likely place for wreckage to wash up onshore.
That part of the wing is exactly what has gone missing from the MH-17 plane the Ukrainians shut down.
So that heavy metal was floating for the people to find it. Interesting !
I am a commercial pilot. Looks like the inboard flaperon. Since it separated I am speculating that the pilot deployed the flaps to slow it down on impact. Probably just before fuel ran out...so maybe it is not quite as far as the arc shows. I still maintain the fuselage is intact laying on the bottom of the ocean.
"MyCvnt" is a commercial pilot. How comforting.
Pay no attention to the peanut gallery.
It either broke up in mid air because of an explosion or it was so far off course when it crashed that only a few parts will show up. My guess is that the plane lost oxygen at cruising altitude and slammed into the water about 500 mph hence why nothing is left - it disintegrated on contact. The lack of oxygen is the reason or guess that I have because of the way the plane turned.
I'm sure this person knows a lot more about aviation than you, you should probably shut your pie hole and soak it in: wiredDOTcom/2014/03/mh370-electrical-fire/
No, I doubt it. My opinion is as good as hers - its an opinion. No one will no for sure. No one.
where are the life vest then?
If vest were still under their seats when they hit, they went down to the bottom of the ocean in the plane. The plane brought them down with it to the bottom.
Maybe the part was brought there by a navy ship to look like a floating debris.Maybe the plane landed on Diego Garcia and the passengers frozen, the secret on board destroyed, and the plane dismantled, all that during a break in air traffic on that base at the time according to the news.anything is possible.crazy ? not so
It would make a good Hollywood movie scenario
It's possible that you're crazy and stupid.
The plane was probably hacked and forced to land Ask O he knows LOL
Why are they saying maybe? How many passenger planes missing in the world?
Unsure how this effects anyone or anything. Insurance will deem this an act of God. Nobody is getting paid. Nobody is ever going to hear the real story. Let's move on now, please.
I find it unreasonable you just want to forget it and move on.
@Commenter.....I find it unreasonable that we are still discussing something that we are on a need to know basis concerning.
Its amazing anything was actually left. I am sure more will follow...stay tuned.
Obama snuck that part onto the beach while he was visiting relatives last week.
Human cattle mocked to the utter limits at the end of the show: missing wing from downed Boeing 777 found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean Fake downed Boeing 777 - All explained hours after it was staged Fake missing Boeing 777 - exposed as hoax minutes after it was staged, FULL STORY exposed 5 days later BASICS Bowe Bergdahl: Father and son played by same actor - END OF SHOW by Grand Master of the ORDO ILLUMINATUS As for where Obama/Osama fits in this picture: originally scripted for Easter Sunday 2014, illuminati forced to postpone it because of brave people of Slovyansk starting an armed revolt at Donetsk: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a Being 777 end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03 All fake: Malaysia Boeing 777 downed over Ukraine = Boston Marathon bombings: "Putin" in the MAIN role to convince the audience that these are real events. WHY it was staged: end-times-reductionism.blog+spot --- /2014/07/
Twilight Zone editors regret to have to reject your submission. While we appreciated the humorous aspects, we felt it would be overall too tedious for our viewership, who demand better entertainment.
Matt, does being this stupid come naturally or does it require work on your part?
No, it was the aliens that live in the center of the Earth
This reminds me of an investigation into Clinton corruption. We have a crashed plane part. The only one know to exist. And we don't know if it's part of the only plane that is know to have vanished in that area. Just can't make a connection between the two.
Month after month of multi million dollar investigation that turns up zero evidence, yeppers, very similar. The only thing missing here is Ken Star.
Last I heard James Carville spotted him "flying around in a spaceship giving cigarettes to our children".
Remember how in Lost that one guy buys a plane and purposefully breaks it apart over the ocean the cover up the location of the real one?
Really?! Thank god for the media! It's a god sent!
Must have hit cruising altitude and then lost cabin pressure big-time and they all lost oxygen? Or it blew up.
Michelle Obama stole it for use as her own personal vacation plane.
@ Michael ... What is your problems with the french investigators ???
When you look at Air France's safety history, they have a lot of crash investigation experience.
This is in France, so it is logical it is handled by French investigators.
If USA wants one person dead, they will blow up an entire passenger plane to make it look like an accident. Everyone else is collateral damage. After 9/11 FALSE FLAG, I presume USA orchestrates all events that cause much death and heartbreak, until proven otherwise.
OR until you prove your words and opinions, then it is up to any possibility.
Until proven otherwise, I'm going to assume you're a fool.
If one flaperon can be washed ashore by the powerful waves, then we should expect the rest of the plane to follow, specially the buoyant items like luggages, life jackets, plastic parts, etc. In fact these items should arrive at the beach ahead of an item that sinks like a flaperon. Something smells fishy.
It's a small island and a big ocean. It's likely many parts dispersed before getting to this spot.
i think this is a cruel way to get people hopes up. funny how none of the suitcases or other stuff that was on that plane have appeared. the all of a sudden boom out of no where a wing?? why isn't the truth told of what really happened to these people told?? I still find it impossible that a whole plane and crew and 200 some odd people could disappear just like that with out a trace. did they find Jimmy Hoffa too?? my heart goes out to the victims family's.
They also found some luggage, you cretin.
Really stupid people have made it easy for me to succeed in life. Thank you. Thank you very much.
couldn't agree more.....and we are not being told the truth.....cover story is finally being made.....they will find fake black boxes soon and create some bizarre event....however, no bodies will ever be found, or, if they are, there will be no way of confirming it or not...
Joyce, I find it hard to believe that you and yags have managed to stay alive this long with such low IQs.
to shredder my iq is fine i am a nurse. it just baffles me how they are handeling the situation.
tank, you are a failure in everything you do in life. Go back to the murky bog you crawled out from.
Shredder and tank....alive and doing well.....glad to see Joyce and I are able to out idiot shills like you and it bothers you for some reason.....like the false shepard that you are trying to lead the blind sheep in the wrong direction.....thats okay, I enjoy seeing you firing insults rather than making an intelligent reply.....since you can't....the wreckage and luggage have NOT been confirmed as being flight 370s.....this is all a ruse........and if these parts are from flight 370 it will still be hard to believe..... : D
Satellites see all. Nothing is invisible, unheard, temperature change, or movement is unseen. Believe that and believe it well. The "All Seeing Eye." This is most likely propaganda. The news has to report news and they are powerful enough to make news out of thin air. Believe it and believe it well.
If satellites see all then there would be no need for the spying that Snowden exposed a few years ago. Go back your basement and put on your tinfoil cap and stop posting on the Inet
one, I definitely believe that you're an idiot.
Wasn't there some scientists on that plane the CIA wanted eliminated?
The most logical suggestion I've herd was the plane entered the water almost perpendicular to the surface and caused little damage/wreckage to the plane. Why it was positioned like this would be yet one more mystery.
It the plane entered the water almost perpendicular (straight down), it would have been traveling near the speed of sound - you can bet it would have caused MASSIVE DAMAGE. At that speed, water is like a granite mountain.
Ya, that guys theory was idiotic. Insane impact speed aside, the plane has to displace it's volume in water in a fraction of a second. That alone is a mind boggling force that would smash the plane to bits.
I was a jet fighter pilot in the Polynesian attacks on Spain in the 1903 and am expert on these matters. Feel free to ask me about it
The stewardess has the black box.
Don't over look that it might be Amelia plane.
wrong size, wrong material, wrong ocean
I was worried there for awhile-------------Thank you for the Info.
Russians shot it down! (can't prove Russians didn't and nobody believes a Russian, anymore) Russians = Caucasian Light, less intelligent, more violent. HaHaHa.
Flying Third World Airlines is always an adventure, there you go thrill seekers.
It might be pieces of Amelia Earhart's plane too, considering all that time they spent looking in the wrong place.
Of course this is the plane. Passengers Planes don't go missing like cars.
ALL ACTORS same as this What appears to be an attack against whites is in fact preparing the manuhunt for blacks and other non-whites. Published before the "Confederate flag banned" psy-op", staged shortly after using the same basic psy-op technique. BIKER GANG shooting hoax, Waco, Texas: How and Why did the illuminati stage it How it was staged: Mock simulated realiity at the end of shpw, create cognitive dissonance The "first impact", this time figuratively not litterally as in the Germanwings hoax staged as "everything vaporized". Despite "a massive brawl and shooting between two biker gangs" there's no blood, the bikes are orderly ranged. On the other hand, it's packaged as "impossible that it was staged": Massive use of actors but by far not as many as what is suggested. Example: 21 mug shots while video states "170 gang members now under arrest". Agendas USA agendas include «disarm citizens», «accept police shooting cvilians», «set legal precedents to step by step strip citizens from ALL their rights», «manhunt for non-whites». Global agendas: to complete the psy-op "Putin's biker gang ride from Moscow to Berlin", staged days earlier using the illuminazi suicide bombers of russian government to revenge Hitler's defeat. Set legal precedents to step by step strip citizens from ALL their rights: As illustrated by headlines "Police want bikers off streets after deadly Texas shooting". As for "Feds Plan To Ban Biker Gangs From Wearing Logos": This will also ultimately apply to: Confederate Flag - associated with hate crime group NRA stickers and patches - associated with crime paraphernalia Christian Cross - associated with organized discrimination Marijuana Leaf items - associated with illegal activities This is an ongoing program. The "Redskins" logo was the main precedent setter to get people used to the idea. There are many more logos and symbols that will be affected. Essentially, no logo that is not Trademarked will be allowed to be displayed....and the Trademarking process will filter out all of the unwanted logos and symbols. Manhunt for non-whites: 1. What seems to be a "manhunt for bikers, almost all white" is in fact staged as "contrast it with Baltimore riots", another act setting the stage for the supervised race war: from having police dressed similarly to the bikers to the biker's reaction, orderly waiting to be detained. 2. Set a legal precedent to go after ANYONE part of a gang. Gang members will be the first to be rounded and beheaded by the guillotine in malls morphed into extermination camps, with shops used as very temporary death row cells. Why is a "BIKER GANG shooting" headlines around the world? One of the agendas is to refresh the brains of the human cattle about the previous BIKER GANG psy-op, the ride of russian bikers to Berlin to celebrate Victory Day over Hitler 70 years later, alias to mock it. In other words: the "mind control" alias psy-op technique of acceptance/refusal/refreshing by association. == ALL us-state-terror.blo+gspot.--- /2015/05/
What in the hell are you talking about?
#$%$? Are you alright? Need an anti-psychotic or something?
Been hittin' that Kool-Aid kinda of hard, haven't ya???
Dude, up your meds. If you aren't on any, please see a doctor to rectify that oversight.
I want what you're smoking. Sounds like a fun world you live in.
anthony, you need to go have a drink with Anonymous....................
I work on the 777 and that is not a part from a 777, there are flaperons and flaps on the trailing edge and neither flap or flaperons have those edge seals in that configuration. not the missing 777.
And the reason that the EXPERTS have not immediately determined the same thing but instead are babbling on about matching serial numbers is whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy Just because your job was to install the pilots' coffee cup holder in the triple seven cockpit ... What a maroon.
Judging by location of debris and initial suspicious actions, it looks like the plane may have been commandeered by remote computer hackers extremely familiar with both software communications, area navigations, and aircraft in general. One needs to closely look at the list of passengers and see why would a superpower risk so much to neutralize someone.
Uhh boy. I knew there would be at least one dummy. Congratulations, you're him.
Im guessing there's an easier way to kill someone than that.
Let's call a spade a spade: in the right-wing universe Obama brought this plane down all by himself while playing a round of golf with Bibi -- and they have all the "evidence" to "prove" it.
Let's call a spade a spade: Dan voted for Obama, twice. Enough said.
I don't know in what ways if any France has come up where analysis and other science is concerned. I do remember how in the mid-1980's they go thousands exposed and hundreds infecfected with the AIDS virus and in late 1990's simply allowed Princess Diana to die, probably bleeding to death, while they tried "stabilizing" her in the ambulance right at the spot of the accident, apparently for entire 90 minutes!!!
you hang out with E? both of your posts have nothing to do with this story!1
I don't know where you're getting your info, but I've never heard that Diana was in an ambulence for 90 minutes. I HAVE heard that she died of massive internal bleeding, that one half of her organs were shifted to the other side of her body.
@Alexabeth L. The story about her being in the ambulance for 90 minutes before being taken to the hospital was in news articles back then.
CIA are in the evidence fabrication business. Crafting a weathered airplane crash part is as easy as saying whoop-ti-do (if you're the CIA). NSA will murder an entire load of passengers just to get to one guy.
Right on. Just like they faked all the moon landings...
@chrism spare me your strawman argument.
I'll bet they cut off the oxygen supply to your brain too. Somebody obviously did.
Can they murder you next? I'd rather you not be allowed to further dumb down the gene pool by reproducing.
Maybe the terrorists who are with the 777 in an Islamic country took a piece off the plane and made sure it was found to throw off the authorities. Case closed, right? The jet went down in the Indian Ocean. And then in a few years the 777 is used in a 9/11 type of attack. Tel Aviv?
Given the multi-nation conspiracy that has been in high gear for over a year to hide the Real True Facts about MH370, and given the thousands of top government officials from all these countries who are marching in lock-step and working together with the complicit world MSM to disseminate so many deliberately confusing, false-flag "leads", it's heartening to see so many clear-headed, down-to-earth, highly-educated, agenda-free experts who are posting here in the comments section and providing us with so much well-documented, evidence-based, intelligently-thought-out Real Truth.
The true conspiracy nut: A person who, faced with a fact, simply says the fact is a fabricated part of the conspiracy. Curious, exactly what would it take to convince you otherwise?
Fruno, did you have only your frontal lobes removed, or did they take more of your brain than that during the surgery?
I will wait for official confirmation . This story has had false leads before!
After the FALSE FLAG event by USGov on 9/11, I presume EVERYTHING that brings death and heartbreak is orchestrated by the USA, until proven otherwise. BTW, any jet plane part can be crafted and planted by the CIA, b/c COVERT is their job.
Better add another layer to that tinfoil hat!
Take another puff, and then enlighten us as to why the CIA would want to "cover up" stuff about a passenger airliners from some other country half way around the world washing up on a French island.
Pot wouldn't create a delusion like this -- don't malign the good herb. This guy is just a whacko.
Ive noticed a disturbing yahoo trend lately of running a negative story on Donald Trump especially ... where there is no opportunity to comment or add a counterpoint comment. And katie couric .. really? who wants to hear anything from her? this obviously biased liberal spewpot? Certainly not I. Yahoo must got her onboard for cheap. Im not surprised... you get what you pay for.
I also think its wonderful that a clue about MH370 has been revealed to us. I firmly believe that eventually this mystery will be solved.
U always make a habit of replying to your own trolls? Pathetic.
All radar signals have been shut down at once means something happened to the plane suddenly rather than slowly. So it didn't sunk but cloud have blown off mid air and yet one piece JUST ONE piece managed to make up to the surface?? Or did somebody just put it there...? You decide!
Human cattle mocked to the utter limits at the end of the show: missing wing from downed Boeing 777 found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean Fake downed Boeing 777 - All explained hours after it was staged end-times-reductionism.blog+spot --- /2014/07/ Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
MH370 was taken by space aliens and the passengers sexually probed...and made into democrats...
All of a sudden I want to be a Democrat!
No, Andy, I think you only want to be sexually probed...
Please that whiny Asian crying was on my screen today...Sandy Hill actress again?
Another false-flag hoax by Obummer to take away our assault rifles! Wake up, sheeple!
My thinking is that this was a towed test part (decoy) used to calibrate P-8's search radar.
Please stop blogging out your #$%$ What a maroon.
You apparently aren't thinking, a. P-8 (and every other) search radar is already "calibrated"---what the hell do you think, they just ship out a box of do-it-yourself radar parts? Oops, forgot you weren't thinking.................
A part of MH370 has finally been located/Eurekaed. But the bigger mystery only deepens as to what happened to that plane as this is merely drifted over lo these many miles
Not an expert, and pictures are deceiving. But this wing looks to small to have come from 370.
i think they said it might be a wing flap
Now that a self-driving car system has been hacked into, is there anyone besides me that thinks an auto-pilot system could be hacked into as well?
Only other tinfoil tools like you, @life in CA .
Most of us aren't stupid, so that would be a "no."
Non nearly had been done to find this plane and now there is little hope. I think this was one where the United States could have led the way to find the plane but there's too many people in this country that don't want to help.
It's SO easy for armchair geniuses like you to proclaim stupidity like you did without a clue what HAS been done, and the incredible difficulty of the task. Go back to your Sesame Street puzzle.
FALSE FLAG. Obama wants to TAKE YOUR PLANES AWAY!
@Forced By Pressure on the Brain! -- Take your medicine!!
Steve, but Obama took ,my Medicines too!!!
try graphene, it works better than foil.
Okay, if Obama didn't take that too. He is destroying America, even here in Europe
What is America doing in Europe? Is it on vacation?
Steve, Obama probably took your last box of Twinkies.
Good grief, get the numbers off the thing, pick up the phone and call Boeing. Why does the liberal media have to write 2000 words about every little thing? But wait, it's about the drama.
Because liberal readers have difficulty comprehending anything deeper.
Since you're obviously an expert on the subject Bill, what are these numbers and where are they located? How long should it take for them to recover this information in your expert opinion?
Are we forgeting the bum pumping you socialist liberals got in the 2014 midterm elections? America is sick and insert expletive tired of the liberal left destroying America. Of having socialized healthcare forced upon us. Of being invaded and over run by illegal immigrants. Of unemployment so severe that 40 million Americans are on public assistance. And the American voters spoke in the routing of democratic incumbents in the 2014 midterm elections. D. Trump / Ann Coulter 2016
And now a plane part washes up...what's next.
E do you need an enema? you're full of bull! that rant has nothing to do with the story so how right can you be about anything?
America is ready for the core values and business acumen of Donald Trump. Trump 2016
Believing that Trump is actually a contender just tells us all how stupid you really are.
well ... IF yahoo had made it possible to reply to the anti-Trump story they put up earlier I would have put my reply in the appropriate place. talk to yahoo about that ... and ask them why ... #1 they're bashing Trump ... and #2 why they're bashing Trump in a format that prohibits replies?
It is a news feed. It culls news from many different sources. It is up to the source to allow or disallow commenting. Bashing Trump is easy. He offers so many targets it is comical. By the end of the year he will be gone. Off to some new BS
So E everyone else is responsible for your mistakes? yeah you will make a good Trump voter...
Trump will win a landslide victory EASILY.
I would bet the farm then if I were you E... you want a bankrupt filing, wife rapier, insensitive to race, and insults our military president? have at it..
"The barnacles attached to the part could also help marine biologists determine roughly how long it has been in the water, said Jason Middleton, an aviation professor at the University of New South Wales in Sydney.". I have to wonder if this guy is stupid or just showing is lack of brain.
Nothing stupid about that at all. It's the same as guessing how long a house has been "lived in" by people. It's a rough estimate, but good enough.
It's not stupid, it had to be in the water over a yr to get all that on it. Analyzing the types of growth could help pinpoint it's route of drifting.
"I have to wonder if this guy is stupid or just showing is lack of brain. " Is there a difference, Mpo?
Shouldn't that read '...just showing HIS lack of brain' ?
@Delphi : it should read HIS, and it's called a typo. Sorry. @the others: that plane has been in the water ever since it disappeared, and you do not need any skill in anything to know that. Now Lil'Griz: yes, there is a difference. You can have some brain but be unable to make it work correctly or be completely out of it. Just read the News !
Mpo65251: No need to apologise, it's in the article.
They found some other debris that may be from Jeb Bush's Presidential campaign, which lies in pieces, scattered to the four winds, thanks Donny Trump's destruction of the GOP primary.
What's the matter Steve? Had a rough month?
John- please work on your game, you usually post better stuff than that lame off topic trash.
This is a planted evidence to distract the investigators to the real cause of MH370. The real MH370 is in the hands of ISIS for their next false flag operation. Remember 9/11. These airplanes didn't just came from nowhere.
you should up grade from foil to graphene.
Yep its part of the Dharma Initiative coverup of the LOST airplane :P
It wouldnt surprise me if the Malaysian govt put that there. They are hiding something.
I am still wondering if this is an Islamic plot. So many people have died in Mohamhead's and Islams' name. Why haven't the perpetrators come forward to claim their victory? I also wonder if Iran was involved in order to get advanced technology.
You keep on with your wondering. The rest of us will do the critical thinking that is actually required.
None of you bring up a critical argument. Yet, Mudslimes are committing atrocities around the globe. If you want to over look it then t is at your peril.
Iam sure David and D are using Western freedoms to support their oppression of minorities,
The big question still remains unanswered. WHY?! Why was the plane diverted? Nobody goes through that much trouble just to commit suicide.
The auto pilot could have changed the direction of the plane. Had everyone passed out due to lack of O2 then the plane would have down whatever was programmed into the onboard cpu.
How do YOU know what's "too much trouble" idiot?
If you are an unhappy Islamic who is mad at the government for prosecuting your political party. You want to make a statement, but you don't want anyone to know you committed suicide so your family makes enough money to live forever. If they prove you caused the crash on purpose your family gets no settlement money...if never found they have to pay even if they suspect you committed suicide.
Of course the Malaysian 'Authorities' would not EVER find anything! They don't care and are too stupid. As always when there is something constructive do be done let those WHITE Foreigners do the Work!
Just wondering, does this part float ? Seems odd, it certainly put a end to looking for a plane that's not there.
after reading some of your past post , you should be kicked off of yahoo and take all those PHONY names you use with you - I SURE DONT CARE WHAT you got to say - your just a k brothers repub TROLL , nothing more - never will be anything more , your just a sad person with a big mouth - -
Bob, Mike is my name, I go by no other. I live a happy and Blessed life. I enjoy commenting from time to time. I don't understand your post, maybe you have mistaken me for someone else, God Bless you brother, have a good day.
Mike...aircraft parts such as this one have a lot of inner chambers that can trap air, so yes, they can float.
Im not your brother and I just blocked you - you make 40 PHONYS so fare this week -
Really, yeah that makes sense . On the other hand seat cushions and other parts are designed to float, along with luggage, panels, insulation. Just seemed odd that a part that heavy washed ashore but nothing else. But its a big ocean and holds many more secrets than this, guess that's what make the sea so mysterious .
Bobs math skills are as bad as his English and grammar.
I agree Mike, I would have expected to see more floating debris. However, if the aircraft made a "good" landing on the water (such as the Airbus that landed on the Hudson River), all the floating stuff could have been contained in the aircraft. It would have taken quite some time to sink, but, like the Hudson water landing, it would eventually. The only things that broke off in that flight, were external parts like one engine that took the brunt of hitting the water. So, a flaperon could have been sheared off in the crash especially if flaps were lowered for the ditching.
@Really, I also thought about the Hudson River landing. That plane was landed on the water almost intact. If it had been in the middle of the ocean where there were no rescue vehicles at hand, it would have eventually sank with very little debris. That is what I think happened to 370.
Really & Old Timer, the Hudson River Landing was a true Miracle and its Pilot was indeed a Skillful Hero in my book, who ever took MH370 off course and turned off transponders to hide the plane didn't have the same motive of being a hero. If suicide or mass murder was intended why not do it like the Alps crash for the world to see. Something don't seem right. Why try to safely ditch a plane whose fate is sealed. We will probably never know unless it turns up intact and was actually landed somewhere.
No, this part does not float. It was kept in the water at Diego Garcia, which is where the US military flew MH370 after refueling it in flight, until it grew the barnacles, etc., that cover its surface. It was brought to Reunion by US Navy Seals and pushed ashore. The US military still has MH370 on Diego Garcia, and will use it for a false flag attack against the US to avenge John McCain if Donal Trump gets elected. BENGHAZI!!! BENGHAZI!!! BENGHAZI!!! JET FUEL CAN'T MELT STEEL BEAMS!!! (brought to you by the Tea-bagger party)
Mike...it certainly is unexplicable...but isn't that to be expected of mentally ill, suicidal people? Why NOT try to gently ditch at sea? If a quick suicide was intended, pushing straight down would have done it quickly near Malaysia, in fact, during the takeoff would have worked pretty well too, in front of lots of witnesses. I think it was suicide...just like the German flight, but this guy simply had a different way of going about it. It's nuts, but he probably delighted in flying it where he thought no one would ever find it - a perverted satisfaction with his last conscious act.
REALLY? a piece of metal, (aluminum) washes up on shore! wooden ships that sink do not even wash up on shore, cannot wait to see the forensic report, who are we going to blame this time? what a bunch of BS, only an idiot would believe such an impossible thing
You know how oil tankers....thousands of pounds of steel are able to float.....
someone has obviously not done much beach combing.
So you're saying you believe it then, Glen?
July 16, 2015 a group of old hand aviation security experts maintained MH17 was brought down by an Israeli Python air-to-air missile. It was earlier claimed that a Kiev, Ukraine fighter jet captain had been seen tailing MH17. His jet could have fired the "Python" missile. He went missing on his return to his base in Kiev. He needs to be found and question. It now appears Kiev junta government holds the smoking gun on this one. A false flag operation gone bad??? Time for Victoria Nuland to interject her thoughts as she was the mastermind who brought the coup to "Kiev" and change the government to a neo nasi fascist operation...
I think the article is about flight 370, not MH17.
Nice job Hal. MH17 WAS brought down by a missle. Now let's find out what happened to flight 370.
Too bad Hal wasn't on MH17, or MH370.
Hal - Yeah, right. I suppose you also believe the WTC towers were brought down by "controlled demolition" on 9/11.
Actually, flight mh370 was abducted by aliens working with Obama, right now Obama is in alliance with an advanced alien civilization...they are using their technology to cloud our brains and change the Earths climate. The Illuminati is a secret group of alien dignitaries and infiltrators that are currently disguised as humans to change the course of our civilization. They live as politicians, CEO's, actors, and music artists....they implant subliminal messages and advanced brain control technology in their music, ads, speeches, and products to control us. But this goes much farther back.......well back into the dawn of man, you see, man was brought to earth over 20,000 years ago by the same alien civilization as a cultural and evolutionary experiment, the first humans were actually these aliens, a group of them were deserted here with wiped memories to build a new civilization. Our physical and mental characteristics are very similar to the aliens, any dissimilar features disappeared from humans over the millennias. Over the past several thousand years the Illuminati released technology to push our civilization on the road to modernization. Now the experiment will be to see how we will adapt to our ever changing environment, will we change or will we ignore it. Right now the aliens are polluting our minds with popular culture and our various ideologies to form a competition and keep our attention on fight among each other. Obama's race war is the current example of how we are blinded from what is really going on. There are those fighting the aliens, trying to prevent us from destroying each other. With the proper equipment we can defeat their superior technology, if you wear a specially made, aluminum protective headgear with a fine tuned thickness of 0.2 mm at least then that should be sufficient to block out the alien mind numbing signals and allow you to see the world the way it truly exists. Don't give into what society tells you, your government and your friends are lying to you, join the resistance today.﻿
Would make a great comic book
Its the truth, no matter how many times you thumb it down.
I am one of the alien's lawyers, and hereby demand that you cease and desist from posting secret and confidential information regarding aliens, Obama, and the Illuminati. Failure to do so will result in your immediate teleport abduction, memory wiping and intense anal probing. By the way, your protective aluminum headgear is now useless, now that the aliens have upgraded the mind probing software to something they call Windows 10. This is your one and only warning!
YAA, you are anything but average. Few can boast such depth of thinking.
When I saw your name I thought 'this is going to be the dumbest comment ever' and I was right. Well done average American.
Every Thing You Know is Wrong!
What's it gonna take to get them to give Elvis back? Or maybe the better question would be "What's it gonna cost to get them to keep him?"
OK, on further reflection. We'll take Elvis back if they agree to take Justin Bieber. He'll probably enjoy the "intense anal probing" more than the King anyway...
Aliens are easier to work with than republicans
Aliens smell better than liberals. Even after flying through space 3 million light years without a bath.
I read the newspapers and magazines in the supermarket check out line that support your theory.
Eddie, typical republican, You think you know how aliens smell when you haven't ever smelled one.
every single one of here are now dumber for reading that post
BENGHAZI!!! BENGHAZI!!! BENGHAZI!!! This plane part was thrown into the water off Diego Garcia, which is where the plane landed after the US military refueled it in flight so that they could have it for a false flag attack against the US when Donald Trump becomes the next President, and they have to do something to weaken his administration when he comes after the US military for supporting John McCain. JET FUEL CAN'T MELT STEEL BEAMS!!! BENGHAZI!!! BENGHAZI!!! BENGHAZI!!! (my imitation of a Tea-bagger)
Dan, I've smelled hard-core liberals. Let's just say they are serious about saving water...
Eddie, I know you think your funny ,but think again. Maybe we should send all the liberals to California.
Send em all to Libya or maybe Sudan. Bet their agendas will go over really big there. And "you're" right, I do think I'm funny.
This pretty large object has been floating in the ocean for 17 months and was never once spotted by official searchers or just passerby's? I know its a huge ocean but for at least the last few weeks it has been close to a land mass that is more travelled.
@Bob - Do you have any idea just how much garbage is floating around in the oceans?
Irish5, I really don't know how much garbage is floating around in the ocean, my scale is broken. What's your latest count?
22 now taylor, you forgot to subtract the one they just pulled out of the soup.
Bob, if only one end of this part happened to be air tight it would float vertically rather than flat on the surface. Care to try spotting that in the middle of the open ocean from several thousand feet up while moving at 400 mph?
Hey Snark, I am not moving at 400MPH, I'm out in the Indian Ocean in my canoe, 17 months now, have seen nary a thing. Man, you guys take this #$%$ really seriously, nothing else in life to peek your interest?
"The United Nations Environment Program estimated in 2006 that every square mile of ocean hosts 46,000 pieces of floating plastic" "In some areas, the amount of plastic outweighs the amount of plankton by a ratio of six to one." Yeah thats a lot more than 22 pieces of trash, sure is a laughing matter alright. Oh and gee maybe we are so serious because hundreds of people lost their lives and their families still want some closure/answers.
Or, maybe, just maybe, you need to get a freaking life.
Maybe Bob should just admit that he made a silly comment and then move on with his freaking life.
(Bob with head down) OK, ok, (blush), I made a silly comment. Silly me, just so embarrassed. Feel better snarky?
good boy Bob. would you like a Scooby Snack now?
Bush has a hemorrhoid, may be the first sign Cheney's daughter wasn't the only gay one in the family.
Did you plan to do lame trolling when you woke up this morning, or was it a spontaneous idea?
JJ 76, They actually think they are funny. If their family was on that flight they wouldn't think it was so funny.
The aircraft was hijacked by the US and Indian governments using BUAP you morons, and landed at Veer Savarkar airport in the morning while it was still closed (no night operations). Anything is possible after that. I don't even care to speculate. The whole misdirection is pure BS.
Part of a plane washes up on shore and they think it came from a plane crash no probably just some guy throwing out some old parts he had in his garage. Morons.
You people that give me a thumbs down don't get sarcasm Morons.
If it's NOT from MH370, what then?
it's from mh370, you can bet your salary on it
CNN will fade back in obscurity
It shouldn't take long to identify where the wreckage came from. This article says "Investigators have found a number on the part, but it is not a serial or registration number, Truss said. It could be a maintenance number, which may help investigators figure out what plane it belongs to..." An article on CNN said: Making the determination should be "very simple" because the serial numbers riveted to numerous parts of the plane can be linked to not only the plane's model, but also the exact aircraft, said CNN aviation analyst Les Abend, who flew 777s during his 30 years as a pilot." Besides, if they can at least narrow it down to a part from a Boeing 777, there aren't any others of that type missing.
Hole patterns for the rivet runs will be enough to identify the part if came off a 777 .
How does a plane just disappear these days? It was obviously an inside job.. someone wanted the peanuts on that plane
Must have wanted them peanuts salted too.
Otto because there are still large sections of the planet without radar coverage and planes are not required to carry transponders that allow satellites to track them
There were Americans on board that flight, but Obama just shrugged at it... Kate Steinle was murdered in cold blood in front of her father, but Obama just shrugged Ambassador Chris Stevens was tortured, raped, and burned but Obama just shrugged. Seems to be a pathological pattern emerging.....notice how all three were also white
Not only shrugged, but hurried off to fundraisers within hours of their deaths.
Oh look, a planned parenthood worker comments.......
GHWB green lighted Iraq in its dispute with Kuwait, then started 25 years or war.
In the hours after Hurricane Katrina struck the US mainland on October 29, 2005, George Bush flew to California to have a birthday cake with Senator John McCain, and take funny photos laughing together while Americans were quite literally drowning in New Orleans
Obama stole a sock out of my dryer
Barbara Bush said today, referring to the poor who had lost everything back home and evacuated, "This is working very well for them."
Obama is DESTROYING AMERICA EVEN HERE IN EUROPE
You guys crack me up, there were Americans onboard, this from the same people who said we traded 5 killers for an captured American.
Dan, those Americans I hope did not sit together on one side of the plane. Being so fat, probably caused it to crash as the pilots could not control it with all of that extra weight on one side.
Car Pool rule #1 Equally distribute the fat people so your tires wear the same on both sides of the car.
Obama dined with and on Kenyans last week.
Eddie, don't quit our day job. In the past two elections , he dined on republicans who were too stupid to even have a universal definition of rape.
Republican taxpayers understand that there is more than one definition of rape.
Republicans have been doing it for so long to the Middle Class, the working poor, minorities and non-Christians, that I am not surprised that they have come up more than one definition.
First of all I will pay one month for his trailer parking fees if he can give one example of Obama's racism, that equates to actual racism. Secondly what does your comment have to do with the price of tea in china? If the man has to make a statement on every single American death nothing would get done and you would still complain. Cause you have no life.
And at least 20 innocent blacks were beaten and killed by cops.
CplSnark...know what that Iraq/Kuwait dispute was about? Most Americans have no idea what the US was helping Iraq do to Kuwait.
the origin of the Iraq/Kuwait dispute dates back to the artificial creation of both countries. Iraq always felt that Kuwait was a historic Provence, and of course the oil Princes in Kuwait claim that they have always owned it. The most resent issue was of course related to oil, and in particular accusations of horizontal drilling across the boarder and excess pumping by one side or the other of reservoirs straddling the boarder.
Correct..Haliburton was helping the Kuwaitis slant drill across the border. Madeline Albright told Saddam if he forcibly stopped it, the West would not interfere. LIE!
Great, now CNN is going to beat this thing into the ground, 24-7, for the next six months.
It's either that or police brutality on blacks. Take your pick.
You see the type of stories YOU click on and comment on.
So, CNN is going to go wall-to-wall on this again? I hope not.
Why not? Better than their usual drivel, apologizing for Obama.
There go all of Don Lemon's outer space threories.
Don is spaced out all the time...
Many urban people fail to understand how large the earth is. Its always possible to just vanish like these folks did..... big deal. They are dead, get over it. Unless yer family - then you have my condolences.
If you ever venture beyond the sight of land you quickly realize how small a human is...and how small even an ocean liner is.
They know b now. Easy to get the numbers off that part and see if it matches.
Will the idiots that sold stories about how the B777 was hijacked to Afghanistan to become a WMD bomber now repent ? Or to spread further chem-trails ?
Why would they...their theories are unfalsifiable. Even if the entire plane and bodies were recovered it would still be part of the conspiracy.
So, all this time and somehow pieces happen to wash up on a small island? Reminds me of Mullah Omar being dead for two years, then ABC runs a headline yesterday, "Mullah Omar has died". There is a lot of heat on the regime right now. And no, my tinfoil hat is not too tight.
Currents and prevailing winds. The ocean doesn't just sit static.
Understand that, but the timing and probability of anything ending up on a relatively tiny island seem odd to me. Didn't they say repeatedly that nothing would be floating after a few weeks?
So what do you think is going on here
Brenner there are undersea currents that can carry and push up debris.
There ALWAYS has to be a conspiracy in some people's heads....
I'm definitely no expert on how parts of a 777 are distributed by the forces of the sea. But what seems strange to me is the timing and the fact that the island represents, what, .00000000000001 percent of the overall area of the ocean that it supposedly crashed in?
talljohn, I do understand that viewpoint, I'm a skeptic, not somebody who's trying to tell you what happened. It just seems a bit bizarre to me, as was the US' complete apathy involving the search. If you want eat up every story the MSM feeds you, that's your business.
So what do you think is going on here
I just think if bottle can wash up on shore after years so can a piece of plane from a year ago.
When the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. If you think the world's full of conspiracies, you'll see everything as a conspiracy. It's no weirder that this piece of a wing would wind up on this island than it would be if it were in any other .00000000000001 of the Indian Ocean.
There's something on the wing....some, thing...
Nice Twilight Zone reference! Nightmare at 20,000 Feet.
The French will analyze the part....that Boeing made. Soon they will contact Boeing and say, we have some numbers here....could you help us out? Why not just send the part to Boeing?
Ask who ever is in charge of the wing part!
You can rest assured that a Boeing specialist will be on hand to inspect the part...............
this mystery would make a great clive cussler book.
This isn't going to be a popular statement. Does it matter at this point? Finding it where they did after over a year later doesn't help as to where and how it went down. It's time to move on.
Hitlery, is that you.....on your private email server?
"Finding it where they did after over a year later doesn't help as to where and how it went down." No, but finding the plane may.
Since when are the French known to be experts when it comes to airline disasters and crashes ?
When its time to tell a black lie.
Jack, perhaps you should tell us your opinion of what happened to that flight, since you are obviously so much smarter than the Frogs and thus an "expert"...
"Malaysia's prime minister said Thursday the debris found on the French island of Reunion will be sent to the French city of Toulouse for investigation." Toulouse is the site of one of Airbus's biggest factories. They have plenty of engineers there who know aircraft inside and out, who can assist with analyzing the debris. Plus, Reunion Island is French territory, giving France primary jurisdiction in the investigation of the debris. They have confirmed it is from an American-made aircraft, so representatives from Boeing will be brought into the investigation, but they have no reason to suspect it was from an American-flagged airliner, and it didn't wash up on US soil, so the NTSB doesn't have jurisdiction, and until they confirm it is from MH370, Malay and Aussie authorities won't have any formal jurisdiction either, although I'm sure their authorities are being consulted. The French aren't idiots. They built the Concorde, and they are a major partner in the Airbus consortium that builds some of the most advanced jet airliners on the planet. They are more than qualified to investigate a piece of an airliner washing up on their own territory.
The safety record of Air France makes them experts in crashes...
Thanks guys. I now know that the French are indeed able to handle the investigation. BMB: Some people know what happened to that plane. We don't have satellites surrounding the earth for nothing.
Wow, I bet those barnacles caused it to crash........
Love how the animation shows a spoiler.... not a flaperon. Typical media jumping on the hype before they know what they are talking about.
this is good news for those waiting to hear something. marry this with current and tidal information and they might find the rest.
It's a hoax- CNN needed to fill some airtime blocks, so they planted the wing debris.
Yes, James. Your limited vocabulary, lack of sense of humor, and anger are all indicative of idiocy.
You nailed in James, Dan is a multi account attention seeking LOSER. See his other multi accounts,,,We lie and Distort, Lies from A to Z, ZZZZ, and my favorite, Beth's B-t-h.
..and hypocrite Harvey/Declan is a multi accounbt totally crushed LOSER
And where are the conspiracy theorists again? Come on. Tell us how it landed on Diego Garcia. Or was it "captured by terrorists and they're going to use it in an attack." You guys are slow today.
This is somehow related to NASA's fake moon missions, I know it.
Sorry, fun. My fat thumb gave you a thumbs down accidentally. I got the sarcasm. Good comment.
It's on like donkey kong over there at CNN- get Anderson Cooper and Wolf Blitzer on the line, we need 24/7 wall to wall coverage NOW!
CNN needs a stupid story, like you said, to run 24-7 to deflect any news damaging to Democrats, which there is plenty of. FOX will do the same.
I thought the 24/7 crash hype was more interesting than CNN apologizing and explaining things away for Obama and the Dems... Only coverage more pro Obama than CNN is MSNBC.
After all the time and money we have spent looking for this aircraft, the wing had to come and find us to give us our first clue.
Very hopeful signal that the a/c will ultimately be located..
The air conditioner (ac) is located next to my kitchen :=)
since the wing came from teh ocean my guess is that it sunk?
Everyone at CNN just blew their load all over the wall.
The media love blood and gore.
May be? How many Boeing 777 disappear each year?
Once again, we have that English Geek "so called expert" shrilling his voice on CCN again.
Lots of USGov shills here today. The whole world knows the CIA played a part in this mass murder.
So it would seem that it isn't George Bush's fault after all !
Wouldn't it be easier, faster, and cheaper to send the piece to a Boeing facility in the U.S.?
They'll know by tonight if it was from 370.
this tells me that more debris is coming it is now starting to break up from the ocean floor from the time it has been in the ocean for so long. they need to see if more debris is breaking up and starting to come to the surface. more and more will start coming to the surface now so hopefully they can at least find the area where it went down.
Fox is blaming this on Obama
If it was Obama's fault, he would have blamed Bush by now.
It took them SIX paragraphs to get around to mentioning WHERE the piece was found!!!
Welcome to 'Modern Journalism' and the internet.
Will they blame Bush for this too!
LIke 9/11, two un-winnable trillion dollar wars and the Great Recession?
Good point Tank. Like Bush had a say in the twin towers being attacked. Thank god we did not have a spineless Democrap in office.
Gee, those 4000 people got incinerated on Bush's watch , but don't think about it you may have a hemorroid or two.
How did the debris ever escape the gravity of CNN reporter Don Lemon's Black H(*)le and mysteriously show up on this Island?
An A&P that was here earlier said it was defiantly not from a triple 7
And an investigator from Boeing said it was. Who would you think would know more?
The guy that works on the aircraft for a living each and every day.
That is the guy that can tell you where ever screw goes, what size screw, how tight to fasten it, what kind of anti seize to put on it. and in the exact order to put it all back together again.
I survived a large plane crash while in the war
I saw a plane crash in a movie.
I heard about a car that crashed into a plane, but it was during peace time.
I was a fighter pilot flying F-14s in the Neoplastic wars
Micky, of course, and it was TOP SECRET. But I am telling all in my Book for $19.95
Did a joke about Polaris' tiny azimuth initiate the Star Wars?
Steve, again, that is covered in chapter 4 of my book. Please order Now. Only $19.95. I tell ALL
What about pictures in your book?
Is you book available on Kindle yet??? $19.95 seems like a steal.
Is your book available on Kindle? $29.95 sounds like a steal.
My book is entirely a picture book. Of course
I got 18 million orders for my book.
You are deluded...Stop selling your Meds...
On a separate and totally unrelated note, the Island of La Reunion is beautiful !
There goes my 'Alien Kidnap theory'...
Well, how many 777's have crashed into the ocean? It must not be very many.
How do you know it didn't crossover from another universe via a wormhole? Just because only one 777 is missing in this universe doesn't mean that no 777s are missing in other universes!
Ya because we find stuff from other universes all the time right?
Yes. Government and Trans Dimensional Trading Ltd keep the facts hidden from the public. In exchange for advanced technologies our mineral and biological resources are traded across universal boundaries.
lol, OK, give me a link to their website.
They use Multiversal internet. It's like our internet, compared to pony express, jungle drums and smoke signals. Our primitive computers can't access the Multiversal web. TDT owns many corporations, using them as front companies to launder their immense profits. Since they own the governments of all industrialized powers, they have no worries about tax audits.
The Tardis appeared in the hold of the plane...then vanished carrying an extra passenger.
Anyone know how this part floats? What's inside that it doesn't fill with water and sink?
I read somewhere that it had air filled chambers inside. Cannot find the article now to get the exact explanation but that was the jist of it.
I find this highly suspicious. Obama goes to Africa and suddenly this alleged piece of the "missing" plane shows up there.
And this all happened AFTER Ramadan. It's just getting weird.
Malaysia is in Asia #$%$ hat not Africa.
My bad. I didn't know this was a "it's all Obamba's fault" thread.
try to cross reference the flaperon with that of wreckage QZ8501..... see if there are any similiarities in terms of dents or conditions
Hmmm. A possible maybe. Let us know when you are certain. Okay, Buh Bye!
A little far away from Australia !
Have they determined how long the wing-part lay where it was found ?
A guy at the bar was telling jokes about Malaysia Airlines. They didn't go over well. The first one got no response and the second one got shot down in flames.
YUP, then were gonna go get am Ice Cream Cone, after we eat these barnacles. Nice touch adding the suitcase. Look how the News people reach for NEWS out of a simple thing.
Ms' Shuqin rant is not very coherent.
The flaperon will have a 3in. x 3in. placard with the part number and serial number on it. Build records will indicate if that part came off the 777.
did the wing update it's Facebook status to "found" now?
It would be absolutely amazing if this is part of a larger and coherent debris field or if there are any more bits it would truly be remarkable
Well is it or isn't it? Why keep us all in suspense? And why would they take it to France? Why don't they examine it there? Why...why??
Sure, Reunion island is know for its high tech laboratories.
If the discovery had been made by the "experts" instead of some rube beach walker, would we ever be told?
Sorry, I'm still trying to be convinced Reagan was shot, a plane hit the pentagon, they landed on the moon (and neither Russia nor China's missions have disputed it), the Holocaust really happened, and I should never read a post by you again.
OBL....Yet you believed the official line that the 7/7 bombings were "electrical malfunctions". The pin head Richard Quest was still spouting that nonsense after the bus bombing. And you believe that Major Hassan shooting fifty at Ft Hood was "workplace violence". Gullible Kool Aid drinkers like yourself never like to read anything but the official, expert line of bull.
"Time to buzz the tower, Goose."
The CIA is currently paying off relatives of the suitcase, and if that doesn't work, killing the Chinese family members for considering identifying their own daughter's suitcase
There was also a suitcase found in the same general area of the wing piece. Look closely at the suit case picture bottom left section....the wire frame of the suitcase has punctured a hole through a man's jacket....what the hell is that in the jacket pocket?? Some of the relatives of the crash victims, might be able to recognize the jacket, and the item protruding from the jacket pocket........ related website article: "MH370: Suitcase found on Reunion Island near where plane debris recovered"
CNN is sorta confirming it is piece of a 777 so its sounding like this is it ( else CNN will have A LOT of egg in the face )
It's hard to believe that this is the first pc.? no luggage seats so many things float on a large plane it's hard to imagine that this is the first? and always body parts wash up? Well we know it didn't go down in one pc. like they thought it might have? but the chance of the body in one pc. could be? I hope not hope they hit hard and got it over with. RIP people
BREAKING: Passengers found alive on Gilligan's Island. They were spotted in line waiting their turn at MaryAnn. YUMMMMMMY
@quintos. Ya. that's it. Every one has a fake wing laying around. I got 2. Put they are both lefts.
Sounds like a plant by the spyfreaks/gatekeepers: too many of you are talking about the UFO Hypothesis ( and those demons do NOT want you doing that! It is the highest priority for secrecy . . . .)O.O
They have now found a battered suitcase on the same island.
The only air crash expert that's worth listening to is Greg Feith. Knowledgeable, factual and brings up points that are often missed by other "experts". I always learn something from him.
I do wonder how much the search that achieved nothing has cost, who paid the expense and how many gallons of fuel has been burned
This sorts of busts the intact crash theory.
No because the aircraft would have broke up when it HIT, the intact crash theory was that it did not break up IN THE AIR (i.e. blow up).
For all we know it broke up when it hit the bottom of the Indian Ocean.
In January 15, 2009, US Airways Flight 1549 lost power in both engines and Captain Chesley B. "Sully" Sullenberger and First Officer Jeffrey Skiles, made an unpowered emergency water landing in the Hudson River (see "Miracle on the Hudson") without breaking off the wings. In the case of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, if the pilots were alive and systems failure prevented them from making contact or made their navigational systems fail (and they got lost trying to find land), they too could have made a similar landing without major damage and there would have been life rafts and other floating objects that would have eventually been found. Many theories exist as to what happened. Wikipedia has an entire article dedicated to those. See "Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 unofficial disappearance theories"
Could we have map next time to see exactly where it was found and where the plane was thought to have gone down? S***&y reporting. Just spray paint MH370 on it and call it a day.
"In a statement Thursday, the prefecture of Reunion emphasized that the source of the debris has not been identified, nor has it been definitely found to be from a Boeing 777"...and in the same story they say it has been identified from a 777......."Air safety investigators — one of them a Boeing investigator — have identified the component as a "flaperon" from the trailing edge of a Boeing 777 "......so again, no evidence yet....
Thank you so much for telling us what we already knew. I don't know how we all would get by without you.
Same as all the other statements about MH370...
This is proof positive the crash is Obama's fault and there will be infinite hearings on this in congress. Fux "news" has new life because of it. Right wingers, UNITE!
The fear that some people have of a TV station is absolutely hilarious.
Really? TV news, if not accurate, can get you or your family killed.
A few so called experts now state that the breaks are too clean, and that the end we see in the photos should be staggered, not straight. Who knows, and if that is the case, was this piece planted by someone? Water bottles, plastic whatever? Maxx
If it has been sitting there for 2 years, why the Somalianis, Madagascaris, Hindus and Malianaysian didnt say a word? Is it a cover up?
No one said it was sitting there, most likely washed up recently!
yeap right. a 5 ton piece of an airplane just washed up aboard like floating in the water. lol.
Right - four guys pick up the 5 ton flap that is hollow. Conspiracy. What drugs are you on @Armen?
Just who are the four thumbs down morons that belive four guys can just carry around a five ton weight? Bunch of friggin' morons.
1st Sgt - You clearly have not seen the Reunion island weightlifting team results in the past couple Olympics...
@Henry - I stand corrected. They are the home to Olympic Gold!
if you dont think is a cover up. how come it has been sitting on the island for 2 years? oh yeah. a 5 ton airplane piece floats and washed into the beach and was picked up by four guys. lol. they dont even have phones on this beach. everything is el naturale on this beaches.
Good thing Black Lives Matter, or else CNN would be running this story 24/7.
Nope, that would mean he would have to switch from Fox.
"...while collecting stones to grind spices." Because he's from the 1st Century?
they have been looking in the wrong area all the time. why at that island ??
Where should they have been looking?
can you say ocean currents and wind patterns?
It was between this island and Hawaii. But Hawaii was booked.
If it's so, then it's bad news for CNN. What else are they going to talk about?
"hopes raised and then dashed" ? Maybe it is just me but I would have no hope and only mourning. Finding answers would not bring me "hope" or my loved ones back. It may be someones job to search and "hopefully" find answers but that would not change my loss.
What they haven't found a way to blame Russia yet?
Putting fluoride in the drinking water has sure worked for most of the peoples IQ in this country.
This entire plane is about three miles below the surface of the water. Its not going to be found for years.
Even that part belong to mh370 the 777 steel operatable .check who order a flap from boing? And a flap they find make sure floting !
Color looks wrong for wings of Malaysia Air....unless it was a different color plane that what has been shown as representation on the news feeds...looks more military/naval light in color....plus it looks really good to have been in the water for a year.....guessing it is from a different plane that crashed in the area some time ago and had been on land for a while.....
Two thumbs down, but no observations to rebut.....
I thought the weathering was significant.
i wonder what the media is trying to distract us from today
whatever it is, they've done it!
They just want you to get your hand out of your pants for a while and take a look around.
This is when all the 24 hour "news" outlets do a stutter step and hiccough a bit. Do they stray from the Agenda stories or switch to-God Forbid-real news? Stay tuned.
That's where my life size Boeing 777 model went!
Good news! The passengers are now entitled to 3000 more frequent flyer miles!
You're mocking a bunch of dead people, you do realize that, right?
Good luck tracing a year of floating.
It does eliminate the 'Landed Elsewhere' theories- and blows holes in my "Kidnapped By Aliens theory"....
Obama texted the investigators---"Let me know if you found it so I can tbe the one to make the announcement."
You started your comment about the missing plane with "Obama"...NEXT
Sadly, the pilots, Sum Ting Wong, Wi Tu Lo, Ho Lee Fluke, and Bang Ding Ow, were not qualified to fly a 777.
"Dolan said search resources would be better spent continuing the seabed search" The 'search resources' would be better spent on living human beings.
Live human beings who fly on 777's will feel better if it can be found and the cause determined............
were there any survivors clinging to the wing?
Yes - a handful of barnacles.
I'ts not a lead. It's just evidence it crashed,blew up what ever. They still have no clue where the rest of the plane is.
This is a huge clue. By researching the ocean currents and previous weather, the investigators can get a rough idea of the path that this piece took to get there. Pilot Charts show prevailing ocean current speeds and drection for every month of the year. That is one resource they could utilize.
It is a clue- it's in the Indian Ocean or pieces of it would not be floating around.
CIA wanted someone on that plane DEAD. What dies the part mean, that the CIA did not blow the plane up?
@Anonymous Because of Ignorance---Looking over the rest of your posts reveals you to be very paranoid. Help yourself and others by getting a psychiatric evaluation and then staying on the medication provided................
Hopefully, they'll soon want you dead so we can stop seeing your idiocy in these comments.
it is nothing until it is id. more fake "news". you are bombarded with nonsensical, nonfactual tripe. in the mean time, bankers and gov-co are robbing and killing people the world over.
Then what is it? I like to know they found wreckage regardless of where it came from or what it is. News is news. You don't like it go somewhere else. No one said have 8 kids so you couldn't afford to live Roquanda. Look in the mirror. You can't blame others for your problems.
yes, you are the typical nitwit today: "too busy" to raise your kids, as you watch inappropriate tv with them 60hrs a week. You don't like my comment? go somewhere else, you anti-American, stupid, lazy nitwit.
It looks to thick to be a flap
It's a flaperon. It is a type of aircraft control surface that combines aspects of both flaps and ailerons. In addition to controlling the roll or bank of an aircraft, as do conventional ailerons, both flaperons can be lowered together to function similarly to a dedicated set of flaps. Per Wikipedia!
Ever been near the wing of a 777 airliner? I have. No, it's not 'too thick'.
I don't think you understand how big a 777 is- they're massive.
Maybe?? How many 777 aircraft have gone missing in the Indian Ocean, or anywhere's else??
u have to have a death wish to fly anywhere outside the US
Spoken like a true ignorant idiot.
Malaysia completely lost a plane, no idea what happened to 240 people, could have been aliens for all they know. Ridiculous.
Just keep it out of the hands of the USA, so to keep things HONEST.
Why is it necessary for you to remain anonymous? So you can slander and lie, and recruit dissidents to anti-Americanism? Be careful what you diss.
Either way there is still a plane load of dead yellow people.
The parts was dumped by a ship
Correct...there is no water damage in the photos.
Conspiracy theory = 19 guys conspired with a bearded recluse hiding in a cave and somehow managed to fly those planes on 9/11.
Conspiracy theory = Anonymous isn't a moron.
These photos are just like those my cousin Rufus took of the alien craft the night he was anal probed near the gate of his trailer park near the satellite dish
I realize it may have drifted a a ways... but 3,500 miles. Huuummmm... maybe the musl-um pilots were wanting to crash the plane into some Christian city in East Africa? Wait, that's crazy... we KNOW they wanted to kill Christians, but they could have simply crashed into some Australian city.
One piece of wreckage found and this is the plane? uh huh......
IS CALLED SERIAL NUMBERS.............. A UNIQUE SERIAL NUMBER FOR EACH PART, YES
Hard to believe that this thing has been drifting for over a year and did not sink. It looks too banged up to have kept airtightness all this time. May be a fake.
Your high school diploma? I agree.
LMAO...the wing part, if from MH370...was obviously "planted".
the whole aus search thing is a huge waste of money... they never knew where to search. And i dont think they will know now...
May be? May be the Malaysian flight? Is the world missing another 777?
Putin shot it down ask him. If they found a turd in the water they would say it came from the missing plane. I cant believe that the plane didnt come apart at impact, should be alot washing up on shore but there is'nt so this is just something for the news to rant about for the next year .
ALL ACTORS same as this What appears to be an attack against whites is in fact preparing the manuhunt for blacks and other non-whites. Published before the "Confederate flag banned" psy-op", staged shortly after using the same basic psy-op technique. BIKER GANG shooting hoax, Waco, Texas: How and Why did the illuminati stage it How it was staged: Mock simulated realiity at the end of shpw, create cognitive dissonance The "first impact", this time figuratively not litterally as in the Germanwings hoax staged as "everything vaporized". Despite "a massive brawl and shooting between two biker gangs" there's no blood, the bikes are orderly ranged. On the other hand, it's packaged as "impossible that it was staged": Massive use of actors but by far not as many as what is suggested. Example: 21 mug shots while video states "170 gang members now under arrest". Agendas USA agendas include «disarm citizens», «accept police shooting cvilians», «set legal precedents to step by step strip citizens from ALL their rights», «manhunt for non-whites». Global agendas: to complete the psy-op "Putin's biker gang ride from Moscow to Berlin", staged days earlier using the illuminazi suicide bombers of russian government to revenge Hitler's defeat. Set legal precedents to step by step strip citizens from ALL their rights: As illustrated by headlines "Police want bikers off streets after deadly Texas shooting". As for "Feds Plan To Ban Biker Gangs From Wearing Logos": This will also ultimately apply to: Confederate Flag - associated with hate crime group NRA stickers and patches - associated with crime paraphernalia Christian Cross - associated with organized discrimination Marijuana Leaf items - associated with illegal activities This is an ongoing program. The "Redskins" logo was the main precedent setter to get people used to the idea. There are many more logos and symbols that will be affected. Essentially, no logo that is not Trademarked will be allowed to be displayed....and the Trademarking process will filter out all of the unwanted logos and symbols. Manhunt for non-whites: 1. What seems to be a "manhunt for bikers, almost all white" is in fact staged as "contrast it with Baltimore riots", another act setting the stage for the supervised race war: from having police dressed similarly to the bikers to the biker's reaction, orderly waiting to be detained. 2. Set a legal precedent to go after ANYONE part of a gang. Gang members will be the first to be rounded and beheaded by the guillotine in malls morphed into extermination camps, with shops used as very temporary death row cells. Why is a "BIKER GANG shooting" headlines around the world? One of the agendas is to refresh the brains of the human cattle about the previous BIKER GANG psy-op, the ride of russian bikers to Berlin to celebrate Victory Day over Hitler 70 years later, alias to mock it. In other words: the "mind control" alias psy-op technique of acceptance/refusal/refreshing by association. == ALL us-state-terror.blo+gspot.--- /2015/05/
Must be bored in the old prison cell
So a piece of a "sea-crusted" wing is found on a beach and Malaysian Deputy Transport Minister Aziz Kaprawi is an expert on aircraft debris identification???? --"almost certain" to be from a Boeing 777 plane". Most administrators have more knowledge of administrative processes and regulations than actual working hardware. So what makes this guy a plane component buff??
The plane must have been hijacked!!! I do not believe such a huge plane can just disappear!!!
Well, huge oceans could be a clue.
Nathan if there was any evidence of a hijacking Boeing would still be pushing that explaination to protect sales of the 777. And yes a large plane can disappear very easily in many areas of the globe.
Yes, that must be it. Terrorists hijacked the plane, disposed of the bodies, changed the transponders, repainted it, and are now shuttling other terrorists back-and-forth all over the world to commit their nefarious plans. ;-)
This is a scam. The plane has been missing for how long and someone is just now finding large wing parts laying on the ground. Look people the grass manucures, the ground hasn't been damaged due to falling heavy objects. Something is not right here but they want you to believe this.
Get a grip moron. The piece was found on the beach and has been moved to where it is now.
I agree John, I smell a rat....may just be David though. Note also that Mullah Omar was dead for two years and we just found out about it. Coincidence this happens right after it? Possibly. One thing is certain, the regime is in desperate need for diversions.
Hey guys, how about this---"they" downed the plane knowing that "they" would need a story to divert from Mullah Omar's death down the road. "They" are the same people who faked Obama's birth notices in the Hawaii newspapers in preparation for sneaking him into the country without a birth certificate years later. You're welcome!
Oh, you're just a troll...you gd idiot, I meant Omar's death 2 YEARS ago, could be a shelved diversion. Just as the possibility exists this COULD be a shelved diversion.
I think your head has been damaged due to falling heavy objects.
"Shredder", why would you create an account to comment exclusively on this subject, shill?
first clue. wall to wall news coverage.
Maybe that piece came off a train.
Yeah man, because trains have wings and trains run over the ocean.
Well, good. I hope they find the wreckage and get the black boxes.
looks like mother nature beat technology, its the only thing that seems to work , wait until she spits it out from the sea.
Day dreaming on a long flight is common!!
I bet you the plane is still in CNN's Wolf Blitzers *** and the Government knows.
first lets be sure if its the same flight that go lost
i have it from more than one source that this is an israeli false flag to make it look like the two iranian teenagers did it. They were tricked into getting on the plane.
You like saying "false flag", don't you?
so if this does turn out to be part of 370, do you peeps think its been planted? Most know the world is not as we are being told and they have problems tracking planes in the "southern" hemisphere".....so I suppose they have to create a really good story to cover for the disappearance.....
"as investigators work to connect it to the Malaysia Airlines flight that vanished more than a year ago". That's backwards. That's suspect. You don't work to connect. You discover upon inspection.
Is easy to figure whom did it ??? , Look from there the distance between Diego Garcia America secret spooky base , Elementary my dear Watson .
Diego Garcia is hardly a secret, hot and boring, but spooky? No.
Watson needs to teach you how to think because you are drawing the wrong conclusions from flimsy evidence.
Claudius, it's easy to figure out you're a moron.
Da plane da plane, Hey boss, da plane
Anyone think that it may still be a chance for survivors? God Bless!
They could say we found the plane and stand in front of the wreckage and I still would not believe them. Stupid malay Muslim govt
A huge mystery like this doesn't need "almost certain" . Let us know when you are certain.
Sill doesn't make sense. If the Plane had broken apart a lot more debris would have been found.
How do you know it broke apart? The wings or parts of them could've sheared off and the rest of the plane is intact and could be lying 25,000 feet on the ocean bottom.
Well that puts the matter to rest for me. Pretty much knew one way or the other that the passengers were dead. For me it was just a question if it had been hijacked to somewhere in middle Asia.
Yes!! Somehow we know Obama is behind this!!!This man!!!
Reminds me of "LOST" where the fake wreckage is found outside of Madescaskar in the Indian Ocean!
Google " Gold Trading Academy ", it's about trading gold, you won't regret it, these guys are doing it right by me.
George Bush Jr: "The sea is fulll of water"
To bad it wasent from El Al
How many wild gooses are their ??.......................
How many ways of spelling "there" are there?
thats the reason you are not in the team looking for clues..you could have guided ppl to greenland..lol
Reunion island has muslim brotherhood mrmbers living on it. How do i know? Loose lips sinks ships.
Does this mean that MSLSD will spend the next 2 months on this?
it looks like one of the phony props they used in the TV hit series "LOST"
It is a piece of MH370..
Wow, it is nice to hear the official decision on this!
The parts were planted.... We all watched as Obama remapped the world when he was testing Putin... The best technology was employed and now the ocean gives up planted parts... Well it sure wasn't Putin...
Those are chunks off the Jeblary Bushton 2016 presidential campaign. Not MH 370.
I am sure this is a part of the plane, it was planted to wash up where it did to throw off any other investigation, that plane and its contents was taken for a reason
For what reason did they steal your brain?
long time collaborator of Dr. Vinny Boombatz
OH Nooooo, CNN to the floor again
I think there is a body in that flapper'.... lol
This mystery has a simple solution, but who will pay for damages due to airlines'/Boeing's negligence...that is the question. The scenario is as follows: The flight departed Kuala Lampur with 400 Lithium-Ion batteries on board, according to the baggage manifest. These batteries were sitting on the plane on the runway in close to 100degree heat. The plane then climbed to cruising altitude of approx. 30,000ft., where the temperature change is dramatic. The very dangerous batteries were in a volatile environment, and if not packaged correctly, will burn beyond any ability to extinguish. The pilot realized this, maybe from a smell in the plane, or from another indicator, and made a quick 180degree turn in an effort to return to Malaysia's closest airport at Kota Bharu. Nothing nefarious here; just a desperate attempt to land safely. Of course, this was too late, and the plane was unmanageable. Possibly the pilot was already dead (also passengers) due to fumes, or possibly just unconscious. The plane then continue to fly unpiloted for a few hundred miles, and then exploded; there was a couple on a sailing trip off of the West coast of Malaysia, and claimed they saw a 'fire ball' in the sky to the north. If I am correct in making these deductions, the plane debris ended up exactly where the Indian Ocean currents would have taken it(check out the map; I found it on-line. Coincidentally, Boeing put out a warning to the airlines who fly their 777's to not carry these lithium-ion batteries on their passenger flights. In legal-ese, this translates to 'consciousness of guilt'. IMHO
So if you put volatile material in your car, the auto manufacturer is somehow responsible if something goes wrong ????
LAE - no, the car manufacturer is NOT responsible for YOUR negligence in putting a hazardous material in your own car. This would be your decision, and you would have accept the consequences! It was not the passengers on flight MH370's decision to put flammable, unextinguishable batteries in that cargo hold. It was a decision made by Malaysia Airlines, the manufacturers of the lithium-ion batteries in Kuala Lampur, and the FAA/Boeing that killed these innocent people. They should all be ashamed of themselves! I think the passengers' families suspect this was the case, but they have been frustrated by all the cover-ups. As I always say, 'follow-the-money', and you will solve the 'mystery'.
Reading some of the comments here one can only assume that either people have not read this article correctly or that they are as thick as the proverbial pig excrement. There are two pertinent facts which seem to have escaped people:- 1. The piece has been positively identified by aviation experts as being part of the wing of a Boeing 777. 2. There is only one Boeing 777 in the entire world unaccounted for, and that is flight MH 370. So the idea that this is part of a military plane or off any other civilian plane is extremely unlikely. Of course they won't come out and say this is from the missing plane unless and until they are absolutely certain, but it does seem the most likely explanation at the moment.
There is an overflow of stupid brainless idiots on here today
It has not been verified as a 777 part. Silly ricky recruit rumor: "The U.S. and French officials spoke on condition that they not be named because they aren't authorized to speak publicly." sounds like a way for a 'reporter' to spread any rumour he wants w/o naming a legitimate source IMHO
Could be? How many 777's have crashed in the Indian Ocean or any other ocean?
this is the first one to be lost ever
Please do some searching - there have been 5 777 hull loss accidents, and until MH370, none had been over water. So unless this broke off a plane (and would likely show a lot more damage in that instance) this could only come from MH370.
A lone piece of floating wreckage washes up after a year at sea, from a plane that just vanishes in the night, that purposely avoided radar and flew off-course for 7 hours? Could be the opening pages of a Clive Cussler novel.
Most likely a botched high jacking by the pilot. Don't know where he was going, or why, but after 6-7 hours he ran out of fuel (and options) and ditched softly into ocean; no debris, no oil / fuel slick, no floating luggage. Just one-in-million stroke of luck to find this part that broke off and after a year floating in the ocean washed up. My guess is they'll work backward using currents /wind patterns to find the plane which will be in one piece on the bottom of the ocean. Sad.
Hijacking not really a plausible scenario. No evidence for it. By your own admission no reason why or where. Also, if you were hijacking a 777 why would you fly it to fuel exhaustion over one of the remotest places on earth? People hijack aircraft for a specific purpose/reason.
One theory is the pilot was going to use the passengers as ransom to get his brother out of political prison.
Looks in a good state,and no barnacles on it.I get barnacles on my boat within a few days.How long has this wing been in the ocean again?
Why France ? I note Australia & China were playing most attention to the international search, and the airliner was supposed to be a Boeing made in US. Or are we to presume there are far too many doubts ?
Reunion island where the wreckage washed up is an overseas department of France.
What are they doing, sending it U.S. Mail?.....
This apparent wreckage of flight MH370 has been found exactly where it should be found nearly 17 months after the plane was ditched by the pilot in the Southern Indian Ocean**. Reunion Island is directly west from the west coast of Australia where the search has been conducted for the missing airplane. The projected flight path of flight MH370 after it left its planned course turned out to be amazingly accurate. Hopefully, the fuselage of the plane will be located. ** I predicted in March 2014 that flight MH370 was deliberately flown off course and ditched by the pilot. It was the only possible explanation for the airplane ending up in the Indian Ocean. The similar recent incident involving a German pilot demonstrates that this is not a far-fetched hypothesis.
It's also the only possible explanation for how the aircraft behaved when it was diverted from its intended route; it's the only theory that accounts for all the known evidence.
Yes, a rogue pilot is the only explanation for how the airplane made several turns after it flew off course. The plane made a 180 degree turn and flew west over Malaysia out to see (picked up by Malaysian military radar) and then turned South and headed toward the southern Indian Ocean. This can not be explained by a disabled flight crew. A rogue pilot also explains how the transponder was turned off 1) at the point that air traffic control was switched from Malaysia to Vietnam and 2) immediately before the aircraft changed its flight path.
Send it to the Froggies? The Country of incompetence? You are having a Larf?
They were competent enough to give you your independance you yankee #$%$
The Froggies are the ones that govern LaReunion.
They have one of the three best aviation analysis bureaus in the world, with the US and UK.
This is complete twaddle ......exactly who boarded this aircraft and exactly who checked in all the passports .......or were they all eaten alive by sharks ???failing this investigate all those surrounding islands and see who pops ups there when they might possibly have bin registered dead elsewhere .................we all know bits of planes wash up we also know they can be planted wherever someone wishes to plant them !!!!!!!!!!investment bankers again is it ?