Like I've said before, it's my conclusion that there was/is something on that plane that some faction or person did NOT want discovered. ERGO they would have found the damned plane! Give it up, it's splattered, scattered and toast! Have a memorial service and be done with it. It's "to the sea." May they all RIP.
Look on land- Had a 'vision' a couple days ago, and it was on land,facing east.I picked it up that it was not so far from Kuala Lumpur. Theory- Pilots detected signs of fire and doubled back but overshot Kual Lumpur, and were headed back, and something went wrong (run out of fuel?) and they landed there, without the landing gear being lowered, May have been a large puddle of water underneath it. Why don't the satellites look on land? Also, there may have been 3or4 survivors
If the plane was deliberatly diverted to the southern Indian ocean by the pilots there should be a very strong reason for that. But they have found none! What could be the motive? The questions are unanswered.
If an airliner flew for 5 to 7 hours off its scheduled course, one of many satellites would be able to at least track it some of the time if the aircraft had a transmitter turned on that couldn't be shut off by the crew or terrorists! These satellites would be at least give a general direction for some of the thousands of miles the plane traveled! This would be much better than what we have now happening with the missing plane and NO IDEA of where it traveled! It might be true that their may be some places at some time that a satellite might not be able to track a plane, but I doubt that an aircraft could travel for 5 to 7 hours for THOUSANDS of miles and not be detected at all by some satellite if it had a working transmitter!
I know Im going to sound like a complete jack wagon,but last night the news said that they may have found something and went into detail.It took less than minutes for them discuss the situation,yet they made a complete hour of it even after the news constantly saying the same thing over and over.Please,just dont tell me anymore unless you find something and spend an hour on a possible WW3 and how to prepare cause Im pretty Russia has.
Amen. I think they take classes at TV reporting school on how to say more than is needed. And how to make mountains out of mole hills.
Yes, this mornings breaking news was exactly the same as last night's breaking news. CNN having 'experts' responding to nutjobs tweeted theories does provide good comic relief though ... oh, they are serious?
CNN's constant reporting of the incident has given them higher ratings and others for the past week, obviously the public wants to see it.
Gloria K: good news sells neither newsprint nor air time.
Takes the news heat off Obama
@Adam .... Im pretty Russia has. ???? is that suppose to be english ....lol
Some advice, ignore the news until you here they found it.
Its hillbilly lingo Mandi.It is funny however,itinit.lol
If they were saying it over and over that merans you sat there like a brain r dead turnip watching the danged thing. Check the news then tjurn it off and go have a life. Thats why they repeat things, because rational people get off their dead exit holes and do other things besides stare at the TV alol night.
Im 76 years old and disabled in a nursing home nick.Geee,Thanks for the pep talk.
Jack wagon is an old military term I guess only old farts know.(laughing at myself)
Adam, just ignore it. I'm pretty sure most of us knew what you meant. The only time I will criticize people's grammar/ English, is when I truly can't make heads or tails of that they are trying to say.
the two piece floating for weeks now no one bothered to see whats floating ,wasting time doing plans , maps and searching pilots house and history of passengers just seems officials weaking the case 26 countires searching but searching what when that two piece floating for weeks
Airplane Problem since March 8, 2014 very mystery no communication comes-out even one passenger can call, out of the 239 passengers is a big mystery of happening but now always searching nothing found and solve the problem but for me in my analysis, I'm not a Vulcanologist but if i am wrong i'm sorry, in the center of Malacca Sea there is a Volcano ready to erupt they to were very high Magnet can damage all communication can magnet any metal and can shut-off all communication no more function and possible the plane was sank and magnetize by the volcano.... but I hope is not true and I'm hoping the Airplane must be found and safe all the Passengers. Thanks and GOD Bless.
After reading the news for more than a week, l can say 90% that it have crashed because there were witnesses Who saw it flew so low, and they said the government of Malaysia suspected it sank in a very deep area of The of ean
Junbast, that's the most original theory I've read so far. Incredibly dumb, but still original.
Say this debris does turn out to be part of the missing airliner. My biggest question is why the Malaysian prime minister said that the plane was deliberately taken off course toward the Middle East when the water being searched is south of its intended route. A lot will have to do with whether or not ocean currents moved the debris too far, and it's plausible that it did. Since this is a "credible" threat, though, it makes me wonder if the Malaysian government is hiding something. I do with the media would report when something is confirmed, however, instead of all of these maybe's.
You know all of this really sucks. If it is terrorism or suicide or mechanical failure. First in this day and time none of this should happen with mechanical failure and surely not lose a plane’s location. If the other two causes are true--what is wrong with people now days! are we going backwards in society as a whole? I'm 63 and in no way would I like to raise my kids again in this world. I thought world war II would have taught us something and then Korea and Vietnam --But No, at least half the world hates us or things are so bad in their own country they need to comment suicide in the name of ???. Reminds me of the line in the movie Little Big Man. " the world is too ridicules to think about"
It was a massive malfunction in this computer plane 777.All the passengers died when it hit 45K feet
Sami is a Buffoon, please pay this Cretin no mind, he thinks he knows it all.....Bwuahahahaha!!
There was no mechanical failure. This plane was hundreds of miles away from where it was supposed to be. It probably ran out of fuel and ditched
it's on the island from lost, they are now typing in numbers in an underground bunker.
Frank, hey Moron, where did it go?.......IDIOT.
Can't let Muslims have advanced technology or this happens.
Dear think tank, obviously you have no life and reliving and rehashing old news is as good as it gets for you! Your party is SHAMELESS, and stoops to the lowest low to win! I remember when candidates were chosen based on doing good for those who voted for them. Your party now only wants to win! How sad! By the way I am not enrolled in any party. I vote based on who tells the least lies! So far the other side is still better!
. Strange thing . At 7 am est I was watching one news cast who said they thought it could be part of the plane. Changed within 1 minute to gma they were saying it was nothing. feel so sorry for all the families with no real answer's . But they have to realize no one is coming back. Very sad.
How big is a meter? About three feet? If so, that is just about half the fuselage floating out there. It would be pretty incredible for a major part of the fuselage to still be floating.
Sooo your saying 777 are 150 feet long? LOL!
@George... I think what Patrick was trying to explain is, that if an aircraft the size and weight of a Boeing 777 ditched in high seas encountered in that area of the world area, of any portion of the aircraft measuring 25 meters in length surviving to be discovered are, at best, questionable..
It's a 40 foot and 80 foot shipping container. They fall off ships regularly. No piece of that airplane that size is still out there floating around.
Memo to Reuters reporters and editors: You write the words "methodical shutdown of communications systems", but those are not facts, just speculation. That the ACARS and transponder ceased to function at or around the same time could be evidence of an electrical fire, instead of someone turning these off with bad intent. Transponder ceased after the radio signoff, and officials now agree its uncertain when the ACARs went off, but within a 30 minute window around the time the transponder ceased to function. The fire could have burned through the connections, or the connection could have been pulled in response to the fire (reportedly standard procedure). There was a 777 cabin electrical fire in 2011, prior to takeoff. You also use the term "planned course," implying some malice by the pilots. But what they were trying to do, and whether the route was intentional or not, is at this point pure speculation. Not sure which is worse, Reuters or the Malaysian government, but neither seems to be good at analyzing the data.
If this was a terrorist act, I wonder why no one has come forward to claim credit? I may have read too many Tom Clancy novels, but I wonder if this is a terrorist test. Terrorists are certainly watching and learning how the world has responded. Conceivably, a coordinated attack could result in 15 or 20 planes disappearing at the same time. This makes my blood run cold. In addition, another terrorist goal could be to just waste hundreds of millions of dollars in assets to search for the missing plane. It makes me wonder what else is happening elsewhere while planes, ships, satellites and personnel are diverted from their usual posts.
Gayla, a terrorist will brag sooner or later. They are too proud when they kill people for no reason other than being a Muslim.
A dozen years ago, U.S. investigators filed a final report into the 1999 crash of EgyptAir Flight 990, which plunged into the Atlantic Ocean near the Massachusetts island of Nantucket, killing all 217 aboard. They concluded that when co-pilot Gameel El-Batouty found himself alone on the flight deck, he switched off the auto-pilot, pointed the plane downward, and calmly repeated the phrase "I rely on God" over and over, 11 times in total.
A tsunami flattened out half of Southeast Asia. That must have been the work of Muslims - who, by the way, are terrorists by default.
Gayla: I have the same question. The thought lead me to think, that if I were a leader of a group that decided to do such a thing, would I want the world to know who did it? There would be drones headed at every person identified as being a leader of that organization, regardless of who they are, or where they are! People do learn from prior performances!
Shoddy police work is blaming every baffling case on gang or drug activity. Same thing goes here only, insert "terrorist" in place of drugs or gangs.
...The reason they haven't told anyone is that they have plans for that airplane, and want people to waste their time looking south. Israel put their forces on high alert in expectation of an attack, they don't buy the "lost in the Sothern Ocean" theory either.
Isn't it weird that all these talking heads just keep repeating the same ole bs but a few days ago there were actually some that had a different line like general mcinerney, he was flat out say the damn thing is in pakistan and they are gonna have to spill their guts here pretty quick or be implicated in this. Now heres a u.s. general saying something like this putting his credibility totally on the line and wheres the media? chasing piles of #$%$ for two days only to find out it was #$%$ then the next breaking story. BREAKING STORY!!!! We;'re told there was a ping coming from the chitter at some point after the goodnight!
I saw that interview. I'm agreeing with the General. He flat out said the US naval ships have stopped searching the Indian Ocean for a reason.
I was wondering if anyone knows with certainty that the planes auto pilot was reprogrammed or if this was speculation.
This looks like the same object that Courtney Love (of all people) pointed out days ago and they said it was just a large ship in the area. It will not be "breaking news" until they actually find something conclusive and the clock is ticking as to whether that will EVER happen. Until then, I am over the speculations (by ANYONE) that are putting the families through daily agony with false hope and speculative "leads".
Anyone care to explain how an Emergency Locator Transmitter (ELT) works? It is my understanding this device is activated automatically upon extreme impact ( on water or land), and then transmits signals to a dedicated search & rescue satellites. the 777 had 4 of these on board and they can not be manually turned off from within the cabin. Why haven't any transmissions from this locator been reported it did in fact crash in the ocean???
...Because the plane is sitting on a remote runway somewhere covered in camo. What I heard is that it takes 3Gs to set them off or contact with water. This isn't the first time airliners have been taken out to the desert, and plenty of places to avoid radar detection.
Hey Reuters and Yahoo. Those are not pictures of two different debris. Those are two pictures of the same debris. You freaken morons.
Agree with you!!! Just look at the wave patterns. They are the same. What a joke. Trying to mislead people while they try to figure out where it really landed.
Isn't that the same satellite photo that China offered up... just another pic of tsunami debris
There are two other cases of planes flying on autopilot with dead passengers and crew, until running out of gas and crashing. both were the result of catastrophic de-pressurization.
I still can not believe that planes should have some kind of machine that could not be turned off so it could be tracked. I am not going oversea with this going on.
I'd delay your overseas trip until you learned how to spell/type!
I hope the pilots were not terrorist.
It's my favorite picture because there is a story behind it but I'M HAPPY. :-D
@Hapyteen.....I apologize.....bad joke :( comment removed, have a nice day.
Thank you Mandi. I accept your apology. Have a great weekend.
You too Happyteen :) may you have a nice weekend .....be well
Unreal that you can't track a plane independently of on-board systems. Especially post 9-11, I'm surprised there aren't battery-operated satellite transponders that are always on once the plane is in the air.
I'm sure there will be some debris found, but never the wreckage. I believe there is a lot more to this story than any government is telling. Seems like to many change of timelines, locations, search locations, etc. for any official statement to be credible.
While the news crews are covering this non stop the gov'ts, including ours, hasn't said much.
What do you expect them to say???? The news can say ANYTHING THEY WANT, true or false, and get away with it! Governments can't!
@Phyl ...gov'ts spew lies daily, Especially Obamas regime.
The government there knew all the while about these things in the water and said NOTHING some heads ought to roll and I am sure they will when all the law suits start rolling in and they will.
That latitude is in the notorious "roaring forties", below the 40th parallel, an area known by sailors for it huge seas, frequent storms, and strong and incessant westerly winds. If someone were looking to crash a plane somewhere where the wreckage wouldn't be found, that would be it.
The news channels like CNN and HLN and all their experts are making themselves look like idiots. They keep referring to the possibility that the debris may be 'containers' that have fallen off of ships. A little bit of research would tell them that those 'containers' have to be put on semi trucks or railroad cars once they reach land, and are regulated as to size. Some are 53' long; most are 48' long and a few are 27' long (pups), that can be doubled or tripled on certain highways depending on regulations. Plus, if they're put on rail cars, they may be 'stacked' one on top of another and there has to be uniformity in size. I think they're doing the families of the lost souls aboard flight MH370 a huge disservice but continuing to spread false information. A little bit of research on their part would go a long way in not making themselves look so stupid.
These news reporting agencies are concerned with one thing: SENSATIONALISM! That's it. They couldn't care less how hard they are making it on the families and friends.
I have the opinion that news reporters must pass an IQ test. If the IQ is over 70 they failed.
LC I got a kick a night or two ago when CNN Don Lemon referred to himself as an "expert" journalist....Don you are a nice guy but "expert" journalist please, where is Walter Cronkite or a David Brinkley when you need them.
...Or Chet Huntley....those were the days.
The planes navigation communication was turned to a different directions and then 12 minutes later the pilot says Alright good night. If it was a fire why change the navigation system and then say alright good night 12 minutes later. If there was a fire there would have been a distress call and then a change on the communication navigation device.
Pilots suicide? hijack? no, thats totally wrong. this one makes sense. flight lost communication with ground controllers, thats not first time. i thnk system failure is the main reason to thnk about here. when the computer on the screen no longer give you dirrection then u can imagine any direction makes sense to he pilots. and the 45,000ft and return to 23,000 then to 35,000ft means pilots had big trouble to maintain plane without ground controllers...and u can assume to that highest height no passenger was consious, and the struggle continued for longer time keeping in mind its midst of the night. No help, from anywhere because no communication. That big plane suffered alot before running out of fuel then drowned into deep waters, sad. No pilot suicide, no deliberate plans. This is an accident, wht we should care now is to pray for the 239 souls that perrished so hardly. We could have many theories bt none of them makes sense since human technilogy has its limits too. and to believe this ask your self why all the satellite and radars couldnt see the struggling plane for five more hours after it lost communication, there are things to admit here and thats typical system failure, or someone corupted or dissabled the planes computerized communications system in a click of the mouse. what a fate!!
Some woman asked how far the plane went after the last communication but got wise cracks instead of an answer so I reply the authorities said the plane flew for at least 6 hours after the "Good Night" sign off message; while nothing is for sure the plane flying at 400mph for 6 hours is 2,400 miles. When flying at 35,000 feet the plane gets around twice the miles per gallon than flying at 1,000 feet so the distance could vary greatly ... if it survived long enough to run out of fuel and was not intentionally ditched or blown out of the sky, sadly until the flight recorder is retrieved we will not know much more than educated guesses.
So you're saying the plane had enough fuel to fly to the crash site?
How very kind of you to give that woman a reasonable and informative answer instead of blowing her off like the others did. I, too, sometimes ask questions because someone will be able to help me and I am always grateful when they do.
Finding the black box will be an arduous of not impossible task, but I do hope they find it. The water in that area is very, very deep too. This will take a long time to figure out, be prepared for a lot of time spent analyzing this one.
Okay in one the the articles if true because we all know people lie. Tell half truths. They said after the plane went off civilian radar that the maintenance area said the engines were still running. Okay are they still running now. If they are how the heavens could they run underwater. If they aren't then wouldn't you track the time and degrees to point of impact or landing some where when the plane engines stopped running. The time they quit running, take that by how much fuel the plane had on board minus the fuel used when plane went off radar then figure how much fuel and time it had left when & if engines stopped running and calculate the position. Could they do that? Or am I just off by a long shot of the idea I'm thinking of. Just flat wrong that our technology is not as advanced to do such a thing. I know what I'm thinking and hope I'm writing it right. Just not sure if it can be done. I don't know planes that well. Even if anyone understood what I was getting at. If not sorry just a thought.
@ Dan S...the water where those pieces are is deep enough to drop Mt. Everest in and you still wouldn't see the top for all the water over it.
Yesterday a woman on Yahoo asked if Oscar Pistorious' bathroom had a window and what floor was it on. I blew her off big time. Some people are just asking for it! :)
Caddy, the engine data is transmitted in packets, not continuously. I believe the Australians used this as the factor in determining the search area.
The plane missing was typical accidental.the pilots had trouble on the computer in the cockpit suddenly corrupted and could no longer help them direct the plane. Human technology has its limits, and we cant imagine hijack, or pilots suicide because they tried much to rescue the plane unsuccessfully. That boeing had some kind of electrical failure or computer system corrupt. I pray for the lost souls, but again this was an accident, only incompetent people will pronounce it as deliberate changing the plan. pilots had troubles of which even emergency landing wasnt helpful that moment.these are just my views...
How come plane only went 400mph? Did you pick that number because it fits location? Normally that ER200 cruises closer to 600mph.
How did you come to conclusion ER200 uses 2x amount of fuel at 1,000ft? True it takes more fuel to fly lower due to denser air in troposphere-yet as fuel used eliminates weight, fuel consumption per minute decreases exponentially. So how did you come to conclusion on fuel consumption-can I see your equation or some evidence you have a clue?
I posted this Opinion based upon about a dozen pilots I have listened to on ABC, NBC, CNN and C-Span. The speed was an average easy to figure which is close since all we do know is they did take on more fuel. My MS Flight Sim has no 777 but the 747 has a max certified service ceiling of 45,100 but 35,000 is more common; the 747 has a safe cruising speed of .85 Mach / 565 mph … the 737 is .785 Mach 550 mph at 41,000 feet max ceiling. The Airbus A321 and Bombardier CRJ 700 has almost the same ceiling and speed parameters as the others. I am not a pilot but I have used the Flight Sim for hundreds of hours and did a bit of research just for my own curiosity so with the TV News pilots and what I have read about the 400 mph was an easy way to guess since it does seem to have vanished lower would be best to avoid any radar and a moderate speed would be best for more distance. Average is all you can figure on when dealing with educated guesses; who would know that a jetliner can stall at high speeds, this seems counter to what most would believe. While goofing around on the Flight Simulator I experienced a few high speed high altitude stalls and was quite surprised at how difficult it was to regain control of a jetliner once this happened; amazed it could happen in the first place and Guessed it was a bug in the program until I read about high speed stalls. A boy and his toys at 60 with several cold winter days to play around with altitude and speed … The MS Flight Simulator Extreme with CH controls is pretty neat for around $300 it sure beats a pin ball machine. Boy
I am as clueless about aviation as the average person but here's what I think happened after reading these endless articles, theories, etc. Someone said that it is common for pilots to enter a second route (to the nearest airport) in the event of an emergency. Perhaps that is what the pilot did, the plane then suddenly decompressed en route to China & the pilot/copilot selected the emergency route before they became unconscious. The plane made the left hand turn towards land but with no one able to land the plane it continued to fly until it ran out of fuel.
If it had just continued to fly, it would have gone west across India and would have been shot down.
Ashleigh Cockpit and cabin pressurization systems are different
if there was an emergency, i think the firsr thing the pilots would do is notificy the central command center
Ya know what Ashleigh - that's probably the most believable scenario I've heard yet
Your theory still would not explain why the pilot or crew NEVER signaled any messages back to the ground about any emergency, takeover, etc. The fact that a "goodnight" message was given PRIOR to the left turn which was coordinated BEFORE the message is the hardest part of this story to understand....assuming that it really happened the way we've been told by the media.
I would agree with you Ashleigh...there could be computer system failure in the plane due to electricity or corrupt. These guys were in troulbe tring to use thier experience to save the plane, but always without communications it seems impossible given that it was midle of the night. Nothing intentional and this is typical accident...my prayers to the victims!!
If this is the planes location, I speculate that there was some sort of rapid decompression that was, similar to the golfer's plane accident a few years ago, that knocked everyone out (because of no air at 35K feet), and allowed the plane to keep flying until it ran out of fuel. The decompression damaged the transponder to make it look like it was turned off. Because of the new path, no one monitors the airspace heading towards Antarctica, so it was not noticed. As terrible as this all is, thank goodness a pilot-less plane didn't head into a populated area and crash killing more people, or cause some sort of international incident because someone thought they were being attacked. Of course, all this is BS until SOMETHING is found. I continue my prayers for the families to have closure.
I can say or do whatever I want - you have a headache because you don't know how to think for yourself. Bite me.....
Checkit, I'm a pilot and I just don't have time to dismantle your post. With all due respect, you don't know what you're talking about.
@Mike - with all due respect, spend your time knocking someone else down. I am currently in the middle of getting my private license, and understand quite a bit more than you want to give a total stranger credit for. I have spoken to many instructors as well so you can't judge someone like me that you know absolutely nothing about. Most pilots I have met have your same attitude. I am not asking anyone to critique me. It's just my opinion, and like a butt, everyone has one.
Checkit....you sound like a baby with a rattler........BWUAHAHAHA!!!! and Mike is right, you don't know what you are talking about, you babbling Buffoon.
That's great Checkit, I have 15,000 hours including time in heavy equipment. I guess you think I must have bribed all those instructors.
If decompression could damage one of my transponders, I don't want it on my airplane. They're just machines like a computer. There is air at 350, but it's low pressure air so you can breath it, but you're not getting oxygen because the oxygen molecules are spread out so to speak. The air is less dense. The air inside the airplane is pressurized, no oxygen is pumped in, pressurizing the airplane makes the air denser and cause the oxygen molecules to be more concentrated. Checkit, please call your instructor and tell him you're going to quit flying.
@ Mike - YOUR the one who told me me I don't know what I am talking about, without know about my experience level. I made no aspersions to your knowledge, experience, or how you got your license, I just said I have a difference of opinion,and that it involved discussion with other pilots, and informed you I know a little more than what you ASSUMED. Also, obviously if I am a student pilot, I also already know about the air density difference at 35K as well. In my original comment I quoted what ACUTALLY HAPPENED in Payne Stewart's plane. Rapid decompression, and everyone got knocked out and the plane flew on, escorted by military planes until it ran out of fuel and crashed. Anybody saying that could not of happened in this case is just close minded. If, during the decompression a chunk of plane came out and also caused the power to the transponder to be disconnected and appear "turned off" that is JUST as plausible as what happened to Payne Stewart. This is MY THEORY. You are welcome to disagree, but I don't really care who does or who doesn't. When you respectfully disagree with other folks, I recommend you don't dismiss their intelligence or experience without knowing something about them first.
@ OBOZO - Your head is still hurting from trying to think I see. Sorry I won't stoop to your level. Done with you....
Bottom line, investigation is ongoing but we are following what leads we have and we like to speculate a lot.
why are they searching that area, when that data is 5 days old and should be looking more to the south east and come back to where the debris was first sighted from original point has drifted away for many days where are the satellites in the sky and awacs aircraft.also for 12 days weather was never mention in all the searches. and the media coverage??..
Because the media is a manipulation machine and they want to steer you into every hypothetical and misleading info possible so you stay INTERESTED and watch them and buy the commercial products to keep the #$%$ going. what happened is the "Zombie flight option.The 777 apparently had a total crash of the systems due to a fire or perhaps a defect in it's comuter system where everything shuts off including the transponder.theres no proof that it can't be shut off without human intervention.When the plane reached 45K as confirmed already, that's when everyone died and pased out because the oxygen masks also malfunctioned.Boeing probably told CNN not to report this option too much because eveyrone will boycott flying the 777 until the find the defect, the plane is only 15 yrs old.Look what it took for them to fix the tanks underneath the fuselage in the TWA 800 crash, now they fixed those problems, sometimes ,in our world of computer systems, there are new problems that need to be tweeked and to find out about these defects,in an airplane perhaps 240 people have to die for that cause to fix the problem so it doesnt happen again and boeing doesnt file for chapter 13!!! I'll tell you, from now on, I will refuse to fly in a 777 until they recover the black box(orange). perhaps they will never considering in the area they claim they found debris,the depths go down to 20K. they'll never discover that happened 100% but I wont fly in a 777 anymore and you guys should reconsider it,this was no act of terrorism cause they're not that stupid, they do things to make a cause not to look like fools not crashing it earlier ot at least landing it in pakistan.
If it was pilot suicide, it would have been done much earlier,the mechanical defect crash of the computers is the strongest theory as of today.
It's all about not compromising the countries abilities to spy.Christ, we might find out the chinese have a sattilight that can watch Obama having sex with his wife in the white house!! It's more important to drag tis along and not compromise intelligence and let those poor family members suffer for 2 weeks now. the governements don't care,As wha spock said in star trek two, the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
I recently cruised with a small cruise line. The hotel manager was talking to some passengers. He said they don't hire people from certain countries because of ties with terrorism. I will travel with this line again because of their common sense approach.
Anyone ever thought of asking about the Emergency Locator Transmitter [ELT]? It broadcasts a distress signal on the 121.5 mhz [Guard] frequency, (Mandatory) to maintain watch by aircrafts in non-radar environments in event of a problem. The device activates on impact and transmits its last known location using GPS, with a continual Wailing sound picked up by any aircraft within a 200 nm range. Standard aircraft equipment, not to be confused with 'Black Boxes' (Mandatory). For the aircraft to completely disappear from radar, and being no debris field, the crew was involved. No cell call, flight call, distress call, ELT signal... Nothing. I had initially thought it was a bomb in the forward electronics bay, Which would have killed everything at once, but there is still no debris found... To disappear from radar completely you must fly below level highest obstacles- Which could mean they were flying this jet right on the deck above the ocean... Drastically cutting the designed efficiency and range of the commercial aircraft.
If the aircraft sank at impact, the radio signal would only last for seconds. Radio waves, especially the higher frequencies, do not penetrate water very well.
nope, you are the only person in the entire world to think about a GA ELT.
It has a very LIMITED range Underwater. There is a Pinger that can be heard by SONAR only a hundred miles or so.
Doh! Just heard coming from every corner of the world. Thanks, man. Should only be a matter of minutes till we find it now.
@Ghost, you are correct that there should have been an ELT broadcast and I've been saying that all along. " I believe that 121.5 is no longer used. As of 1 February 2009 Cospas-Sarsat satellites no longer detect 121.5 MHz distress beacons." Canadian Beacon Registry FAQ
Im sure NOBODY thought of that!! BTW, you wouldn't happen to be that tech support guy for the company from whom I bought my computer from , you know the one when i have problem with my computer you ask me "First question , is it plugged in" Duhhhh!
theres a reason people ask you such simple questions, bear.
@Bear, the reason they ask is it turned on or plugged in is because that is the first step in their troubleshooting flowchart for simple fixes. I've worked in electronics for 35 years and yes that is a valid question. I've helped colleagues solve problems only to find that we missed the ON/OFF switch or that the plug wasn't fulling in the chassis of the unit.
...All that would explain the sightings in the Maldives, flying low.
Ladies, there's a new product that embeds a gps chip inside an artificial nail, called the Nail Jack. It was originally intended for Alzheimic patients who lose their way and want to be found. After the loss of MH370, the manufacturer in China has announced a Humanitarian Sale for those who will travel by air soon The nail is very cheap, and it comes with a free 1 year subscription to the Airhead Lost and Found Service worldwide. After that, you only pay as you go, depending on the miles. Search it on Google, it may still be floating around. PS Men's version coming up and will be called the Toe Jack.
You can put a GPS on your dog or kid too.
They have for your penis, but first you must have a penis.
My Opinion...You are a really sick person. Please get some help now. I sure hope no one you know was on that plane. Geesh! It must be a full moon the crazies are out for sure today!
Peace Off and bother someone else with your limp Tranquility!
Two questions occur to me, if any pilots are able to answer; First, since 9/11/01 passengers boarding commercial aircraft have been subjected to search. Is there any similar protocol for the pilots and crew members? Secondly, investigators now believe someone with detailed knowledge of the plane switched off the communications systems before diverting it. Is that something that can be done remotely? I mean either from a location outside the plane, presumably on the ground, or from the passenger area of the plane, or even from another plane. Thanks.
no it can't be done remotely. yes the pilots are security cleared.
Why is it possible for pilots to turn off the transponder? Why is that ever a good thing for the pilots to do?
ATC prefers transponders to be off when airplanes are on the ground so as not to appear they are in the air.
There was concern that someone could hack into the entertainment system and break into the flight computer, but I think most manufacturers put out a software update to prevent that...
@Codeman, fine but then just tie the transponder operation to the altitude sensor and problem solved, don't need pilot to do anything. I think being able to shut off the transponder is a bad idea if that's the only reason.
To think when you board a plane you have to pray so hard that you get where you want to be in one piece thinking that you are completely safe flying.
The IFF will not work in the OFF position.
every system must have a shutdown in case of fire.
The pilots had the most cursory of searches. I saw this on CNN.
For you folks asking why pilots have the ability to shut off transponders... You do realize that the PIC/FO have the ability to change the transponder code squawk? That code is assigned by ATC and can change during the flight as the flight progresses from one ATC center to another. Plus, as someone else said, the transponder must have an on/off switch in case of an equipment short or other failure.
@Scurds...why would say a GPS or any tracking system need to ever be shut down with or without a fire? Why would it not have multiple tracking systems which could not be shut down? Just for instance how many phones catch fire? If there is a fire, wouldn't the fire go ahead and take care of the functionality of said system? I'm pretty sure someone on that flight would have had a phone or other device that has a GPS and was turned on. It should be impossible to lose a commercial airliner with people on board and no way to locate it. If I can get wifi during an international flight, how can they not track a plane? I mention Wifi during international flights, because if you can get wifi generally they can locate you within a certain radius just by where you are getting it from...it isn't like a plane can carry the entire internet. How many fail safes are there for tracking a commercial plane? Either something is not right here or engineers who develop tracking for commercial airliners are morons. I'm thinking they are not morons. Just read the section below and tell me how someone in the past 20 years wouldn't have realized that coordinates, altitude, and even bearing would be helpful to be received along with system data? "On Thursday the Journal revised its story online to say the theory that the plane continued flying for hours was not based on engine monitoring data but on “analysis of signals sent by the ... 777’s satellite-communication link designed to automatically transmit the status of some onboard systems to the ground.” If they can connect to anything to report they can be tracked. Maybe not always with the accuracy of your navigation system...but close enough to know if it is in the middle of the ocean or on land.
Hey, guys. Everything that runs on electricity runs through a circuit breaker and the pilots have to be able to pull those in the event of an emergency. Also, the general way that things get turned on or off when on the ground is a "weight on wheels" switch. Of course, bad things can happen if that switch fails on take-off or while airborne if it causes you to lose all your instruments or critical functions. You can't tie it to the altimeter because Denver is higher than Daytona. When the plane is on the ground and the correct altimeter setting is dialed in, the altimeter shows the altitude of the airfield in feet above mean sea level. It is kind of important for the pilot to know how high he is above the ground if he's below FL180 (and sometimes when he's not). And as to just leaving things on when the plane is on the ground, that's like leaving the stove on when you're not cooking or the TV when you're not watching. A waste of energy, sure, but nothing lasts forever and it makes no sense to use up something when you don't need it. And when electronics are energized, they use power. And when they use power, they get hot. So you have to have air conditioning to keep them cool. Oh, and BTW, if your phone catches fire, you can put it down. If your plane catches fire, you can't step out on the sidewalk.
Yes the day it happened I looked at flight tracking and told that they shut off the transponder. You can tell this because the little airplane symbol on all this flight tracking software thats out there in apps, etc is dependent on the ADS-B function of the transponder. ADS-B works with the GPS satellite system and is automatic as long as the transponder is selected on. We always select the transponder ON when operating the airplane because its primary function is to send position information to Air Traffic Control and to other airplanes. This is NOT radar. Its just sending information such as flight number, altitude, speed, position, etc. ATC sees this information packet as the airplane moving across his "radar" screen. This is what ATC uses to issue verbal directives to airplanes in order to separate them and to ensure efficient flow in the airspace.
Each ATC station "radar" screen ( where the controller sits looking at the airplane symbols ) has essentially 3 settings. Setting 1 is actual radar. Radar sends a pulse of energy out at the speed of light and that pulse bounces off anything solid in the atmosphere and returns to the screen the controller is watching. Anything solid - meaning water droplets (rain), buildings, hills, mountains, birds, airplanes, etc. No information is shown other than a "spot" on his screen. The size of the "spot" is dependant on the size of the object. In the case of hills, buildings and rain the spot size can fill up substantial portions of a controller screen. The shape of the spot and its motion can be used to make a judgement call as to what it is. Setting 2 is the transponder only setting. Here the controller sees airplanes that have operating transponders only and all of the data described above is shown with it. Transponders have a pilot settable 4 digit code. Anything from 0000 to 7777 may be set. There are a few codes that are universal and are used by the pilot to convey a message to an ATC screen set on setting 2. For example if I select 7700 it means emergency. Dealing with an emergency is critical. There are many other things I need to do before actually verbalizing something with ATC. In fact only last on the list is talking to a controller. So an easy method of alerting the controller is to dial in that code. Takes 2 seconds. That way the controller is aware and will steer other airplanes clear of our location as he understands that the pilots are very busy fixing things. In normal operations the controller assigns each airplane a separate 4 digit code to what we call "squawk" (like a bird talks) our information to the controllers screen. It just further uniquely identifies an individual airplane on a controllers screen. Setting number 3 for the controller station is BOTH setting 1 and 2. In other words the controller would see ALOT of stuff on his screen.
But for ADS-B to work the transponder MUST be selected ON by the pilot. The ONLY reason we would have to turn a transponder OFF would be related to fire. Fires potentially have electrical sources. You MIGHT - and I emphasize MIGHT heavily - be able to combat a fire by removing electricity by turning off individual components or by using switches to turn off many electrical components at the same time in an effort to remove electricity. This is EXTREMELY difficult to do and may in fact be impossible. If you are that far into a fire situation, chances are its burning out of control and the airplane will crash in 15 minutes. Historically, airplanes crash within 15 minutes of a fire breaking out. Fighting an inflight cabin fire is EXTREMELY difficult and may in fact be impossible to combat if its location is in electrical equipment. It can be EXTREMELY difficult to locate a fire source and thus combat it. If you can't put the fire out the airplane WILL crash in 15 minutes...... As soon as MH 370 reached its cruising altitude of 35,000' ADS-B stopped transmitting. That means the transponder stopped operating. The transponder stopped operating because: 1. It failed mechanically. This happens. We get a message (a warning light if you will) telling us and we select the standby transponder and continue on as if nothing happened. Or ATC says "MH 370 I just lost your transponder...make sure its on". And they would selected the standby one and continued on their merry way. Verbal comm is unaffected. 2. A fire consumed the airplane. The airplane would have crashed in 15 minutes from the time the ADS-B stopped transmitting. This is a very small area. There would be pieces everywhere. There is nothing. 3. Someone purposefully turned the transponder switch from ON to OFF. This results in no degradation to aircraft control. The only reason to do this is to prevent ATC from seeing where you are going.......
There is another system called ACARS. Its a non verbal communications system built into the airplanes FMC (flight management computer). This has many many advanced capabilities. Some capabilities include automatic transmission of airplane operating data (how systems are functioning) and engine operating data (how the engines are operating). That data can be sent automatically every few minutes to the airframe manufacturer and the engine manufacturer. Or it can be sent at certain designated times or the owner of the airplane may choose not to subscribe to it. MH chose to send data but only at certain specified times. I think it was at Takeoff, Climb, and reaching cruise altitude which MH 370 did. HOWEVER, the system continually sends a message to Boeing that essentially says "I am here if you want my information". Since MH didn't subscribe to that level of service, Boeing doesn't get the information BUT KNOWS ITS BEING ASKED IF THEY WANT IT!!! Yesterday, it apparently was revealed that the airplane was "pinging" like this for hours after it "disappeared"....... The transponder was turned OFF purposefully and the airplane continued to fly for many hours...... Expect a major terrorist attack via a B777 soon.......
As I said above, the plane connected to something to send the ping, once the plane was known missing they could track it via that. They couldn't get an exact location to the plane, but they should have a very good idea unless we have some owners of towers completely refusing to cooperate or we have an incompetent group of people investigating this. Since they had to connect to something to send said pings because I'm sure they don't have a transmitter that sends directly to Boing form anywhere in the world....they should be able to to track where it was pinging to using time stamps alone. Knowing the location and range of just 2 towers (using tower as a general term for whatever the plane sent the signals to) they should have been able to track speed and a direction with a formula that people much more intelligent than me probably already have created. Using that information with the amount of fuel in the tank (which is virtually calculated to the drop in the airline industry) they should at the very least have a crude idea of the flight path taken. Using the fuel left from the last ping, the direction and speed in which it was heading they should be able to pinpoint at least very educated guesses at a couple locations using a map that shows terrain in which a plane of that size could land...there is no reason they should not be able to do some freaking math and act like a GPS system on their own if they were receiving signals of any sort. All that said is the hard way. Did no one at Boeing say "hey we have a missing plane, lets turn on the receive information switch on this one?" If they have to go the hard way and Boeing is as incompetent as that, we have a serious problem there. I'm just saying I'm not the smartest person in the world and while I couldn't track this plane in the way I've mentioned, I know it can and should have already been done..if the above hasn't already been done we have an issue with complete incompetence from whoever is involved in this investigation, or they are involved in taking the plane and should be investigated for both. You can't just lose something that is sending signals of any sort without incompetence or help from inside.
Scurds, your last post is chilling. Thank you for all your posts. I found them very informative and your style of explanation easy for a lay person to follow. I didn't know rain could be used for for radar. Very interesting.
Matt I can't say anything more. you're welcome jess. take most everything you are hearing on tv very lightly, eg: there is absolutely no possible way lithium batteries had anything to do with this incident.
@ Scurds, I'm not trying to go against anything you have said, I just want to make sure that everyone knows that if you have one object even attempting to contact another it can be tracked and traced. If there is any competency in this investigation, at Boeing, or basically the entire commercial airline whatsoever they are keeping information about the location and events of the flight quiet. I'm not saying conspiracy because that would involve the reason for keeping the information quiet. If I'm wrong and they really couldn't find any way to track the plane, we are looking at a complete lack of measures for emergency plane location that should have been put in place 20+ years ago which doesn't even account for technology today. This isn't a stealth jet or drone running a top secret spy mission which is supposed to get past location measures, this is a commercial airline flight which in the case of emergency should always have something able to locate it in the event of a crash, system failure, hijacking, etc. If in fact there is no way to track an airliner (which I find virtually impossible for reasons I've stated above) while it is still in the air if the pilot so chooses, we have a serious issue with the entire industries safety and emergency measures, as if this is the case it would only have been a matter of time until a pilot went crazy and decided to steal a plane which no one could locate with the flip of a switch. I'm assuming you are a pilot as you have hinted at the fact but never come out and said it...as a pilot, if you believe this airline can not be tracked, how does it not scare the hell out of you to know that if your transponder fails, is accidentally or purposefully turned off etc... but you continue flying an do not make it to your destination they will not be able to track your path and you most likely will die (at least in the event of an ocean landing) due to the elements before they locate you?
there are gaps in the system, but remember: he made a dramatic change in course 12 minutes before he said "goodnight" to atc. no verbal indication of any problem. that is a VERY strong indication of a deliberate action. In fact, in my mind it is pretty much proof that this was a hijacking. there is a backup transponder. this wasn't used either! I think after the Air France incident measures were proposed to make the ACARS subscription that i described mandatory, but they slipped thru the cracks somehow and weren't acted upon. I'm going to guess that they will do so after this. Remember: the pilot has to have control over EVERY system in the aircraft. And if the pilot is a bad guy, bad things can happen. Also remember: in almost all cases what you are told on the TV news is for entertainment purposes first and foremost. Rest assured that the US military is crawling all over this. Purposefully destructive actions are very very very difficult to failsafe against, especially if they are by a person with intimate knowledge of them. The short answer is that yes it is possible to lose an aircraft, possible, but difficult.
P.S. there isnt a "complete lack of measures to track the airplane". This incident appears very deliberate.
Again, you don't need a full system that eats up power, is a fire risk, and needs to be controlled by the pilot. Why is it OK to transmit pings to Boeing and Rolls Royce can still be going while the transponder and everything else is turned off but they are able to turn off location? Why aren't coordinates sent along with these pings? Why not add the GPS chip to the same system that can not be shut off, or another system vital to keeping the plane in flight? All they would then need to do is program whatever is sending these signals to also take data from the chip and send it. I'm guessing that since it is reporting during climb that it would be ready to send the altitude so why not send location? Again I ask why Boeing would have seen these pings, but not thought to change their subscription? Hey we have this lost plane trying to send it's information in...what should we do? Eh lets just ignore it. Also since you are worried about fire....why not get a small container that is either fireproof from the inside out or maybe a vaccuum as to not allow a fire to start even in the event of a failure...lock it, put no on/off switch on it, and connect it's power to a vital system along with a backup battery to give it some life in the event of a crash? That took me all of 5 minutes to think of, and another 5 to type out the plan ...hell why not also put it in an area that is not reachable during flight? Viola...no shut off needed, element of fire protection gone, and no way to disappear without also shutting down a system...if they don I don't think there is any doubt by anyone this was a hijacking of some sort no matter if the plane has crashed or is still somewhere hiding...be it by the pilot or someone on the plane. I'm just wondering why there is a way that a pilot can turn off every tracking system and no one thought this might be an issue down the road with a rogue pilot and tried to take care of the fact....or even in the event of a system failure that wasn't noticed by/reported to the pilot because the system that tests the transponder for functionality also is down? It isn't like this is the first plane to ever be lost for whatever reason..and the fact that someone has never said, "if someone knows where the switch is there is a complete lack of ability to track this thing" and offered a solution or made a big enough noise to force the industry to come up with something?
It's the airline that subscribes to boeing. and the plane that sends the pings. the short answer is the plane owner didnt pay for that level of service. should it be mandatory? I think so. but $$$ talks. pretty much once you are below 5000 ft you are off radar. 200 miles off shore radar doesn't work because its line of sight and the curvature of the earth cuts it off. your questions about the tracking of a plane are very good ones. This guy knew what he was doing. that's all i can say about that. System isolation like you described is utilized where possible. The transponder is very integrated.
There are 5 ways to track: 1. Primary skin paint radar.....gotta be high enough and within 200 miles of a station 2. Secondary skin paint radar.....same restriction 3. Transponder......only seen by air traffic control when in range of ATC when transponder ON 4. ADS-B..... Only seen on flight tracking software (maybe ATC ) when transponder ON 5. ACARS..... Only might be seen by the airline itself and service vendors when its ON Thats it. Turn the transponder OFF and the ACARS OFF and you are invisible. I have no doubt you could flynaround these second and third world countries with your stuff turned off and they would never see you
What do you all think about the latest conclusion by the Malaysians?
call in a medium or psychic; couldn't hurt
you hear and hear and hear and hear some of these commentators , I think they like to hear themselves talk and show everybody how smart they are, I do not know how much they pay these guys to talk conjecture and over each other, if this wasn't so serious they would actually be funny. god help those people!!!
PLUS their RATINGS are up up up .... therein lies the real reason.
so now the astute media reports that the plane was "spotted" by satellite at 8:10 am long after takeoff. so my question is how did the satellite know it was a plane and if so how did it know specifically it was 370. if true then the sat has its geo-coordinates.. I think the media is playing the game of not questioning facts and the gov knows a lot more. I still think after this story fades away we'll see that plane again in a different paint job and loaded with a dirty/clean nuke. the crew and passengerds are either now hostages or all dead-murdered.
Whats difference between dirty nuke and clean one-you should easily know that considering you know exactly how satellites work.
The world has too many confused people just like there are many confused news media networks !
The pieces look like whales. Check with the Chinese and Japanese.
Theory five: Aircraft was hijacked. Pilots turned off transponder and input waypoints as hijackers requested. At specific point after turn, pilots attempted to overpower hijackers causing wild altitude deviations. Cockpit window was shot during the struggle causing explosive decompression. By the time pilot(s) regained aircraft control, all on board were experiencing intense hypoxia, enough that masks could not even be put on by anyone. Aircraft continued on autopilot via set course as was programmed in the computer. From last point programmed, aircraft continued in heading mode until out of fuel. Thoughts????? Any flaws???
This is a plausible and believable explanation; why hasn't this been in the media?
Deborah, why hasn't a brain been installed in your head at birth?
They haven't asked me. Media builds a restricted box of thinking that they can't get out of. I'm taken aback how they even suk experienced pilots into their box by their questioning patterns. Been flying for 35 years, both airlines and AF. Only need toput myself into some likely scenerios that could be supported by the facts that have been presented so far.
OBOZO, I'm pretty sure you mean why "Wasn't" a brain installed in your head at birth...? If you had written "Why hasn't a brain been installed in your head", it would have been correct and proper English. With "at birth" added , it sounds clumsy. Wouldn't you agree?
Hey, Bozo the clown stay off the comments on perfectly okay scenerio
This was an inside job by the crew. a suicide mission if you will.
Terry, hey dummy, this isn't a spelling bee or grammar quiz, wouldn't you agree?......And real men don't use spell check.........HAHAHAHAHA!!!!!! But nice try anyway, peckerstain.
Eight point, you're just making stuff up. It hasn't been on the news because there is zero, absolutely zero, evidence to back up your "theory". Do you guys really need this explained to you? I've heard everything from guns going off in the cockpit to aliens, other dimensions, a "Bermuda Triangle" type of place etc. Its ridiculous until we have some hard evidence. All that is known is the plane turned of transponders, went off course and vanished. If you come up with fantasies about struggles in the cockpit, good for you. But don't expect everyone to go "that makes sense" when there isn't a shred of evidence to support it.
We live in a world today that if REALLY WONTING TO FIND SOMETHING VERY INPORTANT. They can. They could even find a Nat with all the technology.
Insufficient evidence produces theories. Theories help guide investigations. The 'theory' that the pilot doomed the airplane has caused investigators to scour through his simulator.
"the plane turned off transponder".... That's a theory and hasn't been proven. The only thing we know is the signal dropped off radar..
Thank goodness none of us posting were in charge of this investigation. About half posting would still be trying to call these people to ask them where they are. Not a clue as to how cell phones actually work; just can't even imagine a place on earth where their phone might not work. About a third would have launched missiles at both Iran and Pakistan, just because. 10% would have brought the space shuttle out of mothballs and began their search in space. Pesky aliens that have either mastered going faster than speed of light, or know where worm holes are-yet are mystified by us earth people-COULD have taken this plane ya' know. Then of course ripples in the space time continuum which would leave the plane anywhere in future or past. Oh, I forgot about Somalia, the poorest most disorganized heckhole on earth managed to do this.
Bryan: You forgot about all the "commenters" that keep insisting that the plane will be used by TERRORISTS to fly a nuclear bomb to the U.S. or some other country. Apparently they don't realize that the U.S. has LONG had satellites that monitor ANY transporting of nuclear materials. Back in the 1980s, they even traced some wrought-iron furniture from Mexico to the U.S. whose metal had been "mistakenly mixed with radioactive-cobalt" from an X-ray machine that had been junked. Politicians have LONG mentioned that "nuclear programs by 'rogue nations' " would NEED to be "hidden in a mine-shaft" for them to elude American detection -, although they routinely omit admitting to the "nuclear materials tracking satellites" that would used to detect them.
and apparently turning off a transponder causes massive jets to enter "stealth" mode capable of flying under the radar of multiple nations rather than considering it just flew out to sea and away from them. that would be crazy afterall.
BHAHAHAHAHAHA ... OMG Bryan you just made my day.... HILARIOUS
Bryan, evidently your comment hit close to home for the posters who clicked 'thumb down' Sadly. those individuals have no clue as to how your comments applied to them.
Totally agree with Nancy B. I was reading in a Perth newspaper that this Boeing didn't have to conform to the same safety regulations as USA planes do. Apparently it didn't need to have safety checks for stress fractures and cracking. The airlines was running at a loss and most probably did a lot of cost cutting to save money. They also hadn't signed up for engine health tracking by Boeing either. Apparently 25% of all Boeings haven't signed up. The media needs to expose the companies who haven't signed up, to make passengers aware that their safety isn't being put first. Also they didn't install some other piece of equipment that would've cost $10 a flight to track the planes location.
This is a very interesting point, and i think given the circumstances while the search of the plane continues, that our avid "Sherlock Holmes" reporters should be actually "working" uncovering this portion of the deal, let the real details for the aviation investigators, and start uncovering the companies that are cutting corners to make more profit at our expenses, safety checks should mandatory, hope they are in USA anyways.
The sign up info would be extremely valuable and should be published...
Dear Moose, no I am not an Idiot, but obviously the truth hurts! And to think, they let you have the right to vote!
The plane had been flying for seven hours.... so naturally "it was largely intact"... this is where it ran out of gas and came down OR this is where the kidnappers wanted to deliberately bury this plane... I personally think some country kidnapped the 20 employees of Freescale Semiconductors that were on this plane... search google and you will see that these 20 computer chip designers worked on chips for avionics and cloaking of airplanes... Some countries of the world would go to any length to gain this technology... with two Iranians on the plane with stolen passports... Iran might be the country responsible... but naturally the USA will never admit this happened if it did... that is why it has been reported that the two Iranians are no longer suspects... I cannot believe that we could rule that out 100 percent this quickly, so I guess this is just the cover story... I think the plan is to blame this on incapacitated pilots
Bruce, the Freescale employees were all supply chain. No engineers. But good try anyway.
There's a good Psychiatric Hospital waiting for you, why don't you check yourself in?......and Obozocare will pay for it, and the best part is, you can keep the same nut doctor.
George, not all muslims are terroists.
Jayceca is a Muslim terrorist, in fact, it sucks off Obozo's Salami.
Impossible to have a rational discussion with some people....
Bill, go F( u ) c * k yourself.
Wow Buffoon, what wit. You named yourself well.
The comments and speculation on these stories are the most entertaining thing on the internet lately. I just wish it wasn't at the expense of 230 lives & all their loved ones.
on the contrary the comments and speculations here are the most nauseating thing going on and on with no one (govt. side) responding. i imagine what some of the (insensitive) comments are doing to the families!
Eik, I find the people complaining about the speculation interesting too.
The hijackers forced their way into the cockpit and made the pilots change course with the intention of landing somewhere. The pilot followed the hijacker's orders, pretended for 7 hours to go there, but finally ditched the plane into the ocean. The pilot did not want the plane to end up in the hands of terrorists and would rather end his life and the life of all passengers in order to save countless more, and to prevent another war from happening.
The terrorists were headed to Antarctica?
You would think with today's technology, satellite imagery could be more detailed.
It is but joe public will never know showing our abilities... really
This grainly long-range photo is not the one the Australian military is looking at.
Glad to see that China has finally stepped in with search resources, being 2/3 of the passengers were from China.
CNN anchor Don Lemon wonders if it was possible for a black hole to somehow have sucked up that plane. He was serious too. CNN has gone Jerry Springer.
A #$%$ satellite photo of debris that was only in that spot days ago, that's promising.
As after this is all over I bit that this never happens again.we must demand that you can locate a plane crash anywhere on the planet.
The Blunt Ugly Truth 2 months ago White people of today? Not alive during slavery. Black people of today? Were not slaves. Ancestors of whites? Only 10% of white people owned slaves back in the day. Stop making excuses for being lazy and not motivated to become something. #$%$, blacks were trading their own people for coffee.
Finally, search plane just took off again. Here we go!
Assuming this is part of the plane, they'll still have to assume the bulk of the wreckage could be as much as a thousand miles in any direction. While this is certainly better than the area they had to work with just days ago, they probably only have about another 2 weeks to locate it before the black box's battery dies and its emergency "ping" stops. C-Pup
Once they determine that the airplane is in the ocean and cannot be used for nefarious activity, the search effort will dwindle rapidly.
Not "any direction" the prevailing current is 4 km/hr due east.
Whatever happened, I hope they find out as to give the families of those passengers closure.
When a disaster like this can pull countries together in a search mission, why can we work together when there is not a disaster. Pray for the families.
those in power think they control, but many hate the powerful
I certainly hope someone finds some answers soon. I can't imagine what torture this must be for the families of all the people who were on this flight.
I think the area they have narrowed it down to, is where they have calculated where the plane ran out of fuel. That area is remote, cold, wild, and there is a storm at the moment. I am a New Zealander, and there wouldn't be enough fuel for the plane to arrive anywhere near Antarctica. This is not an easy area to search or retreive in, as the seas are extremely deep. NZ and Australian Orions are very capable and will have skilled people looking, as NZ is responsible for all sea rescues in the Southern Ocean. We are the ocean police in the Southern Ocean. Our PM said our planes can look for wreakage from this plane, for as long as it takes, so they will find the wreakage and black box. Whatever happens, I will look on the shoreline for any wreakage from plane when out walking on the beach. Currents could wash up wreakage around the corner or where ever.
I feel better knowing you're keeping an eye out for debris while walking on the beach in New Zealand.
You live in a ghetto in chicago you Buffoon, who you kidding?
Doesnt sound like terrorism. Sounds like a fire that incapacitated the pilots and the plane flew until it ran out of fuel
Nah, I like the terrorism theory better.
Everyone likes the terrorism theory better. The governments looking for reasons to list when taking our rights away, the media feeding off of it......
I for one wish this was over, hope this to be it, versus the other outcome, sad both ways, but this much less painful for the world at large, too, if it would have gone on and been used in a ghastly terrorist plot, but the sad fact is, if this time it failed, they will try again. And if they do make it with this plane as a terrorist weapon, they may and probably will do this again and again, a terrible thing to think of. And I wonder if this will lead to a ban on travel eventually, could be one of the causes for this happening, to take away more of our freedoms.
I wish for this to be over too. It creates too much "what if" stress.
You'd think they'll make use of a submarine by now. How is a ship or aircraft going to spot anything.
good idea. they'll have all the submariners look out of the windows on a sub. surely, someone will see something!
David perhaps your little brain didn't get it. Sonar is another effective method that will help with the search.
Why is this the TOP story over Russia putting the USSR back together again? There have been more people sanctioned on this story then the Russian officials that the US is pretending to block from doing international business. Way to go America you voted for this SHI^. Turn Stewart and Cobert on they probably have a funny spin on either story.
So the bottom line is we still don't know anything. Pretty tired of listing to people that don't know what happened speculating on what happened. wake me up when they really find something.
The Malaysians couldn't find a homosexual on gay pride day.
A jet the size of a football field think one piece of debris is spotted. Maybe but I don't think so. It sure seems to point in the direction of one of the pilots. This is so sad for the passengers. I hope they are alive after the jet landed in a disclosed location.
I watched a program a few years back where they were training dolphins to locate the sound a black box makes and I was impressed how far an animal could pick up the sound, I wonder if they were ever able to put them to practical use? I don't know why that surprises me when we need a gps or map to get around while whales travel thousands of miles without getting lost? How do they do it? Beats me.
The batteries on the black boxes only provide power for about a week. They are long silent by now.
I heard 30 days???? Who knows everyone has a different opinion.
How about: whales are smarter than humans?
30 days minimum-signal weakens after that.
@Tim and Bryan -- You may be right. I might have misunderstood the info I heard.
I was wondering if they could put you to work instead of recieving free handouts?
I know nothing about aviation or related fields, but am wondering if there is a way for someone to gain external control of a plane, effectively turning it into a drone or remote-controlled aircraft. I would assume that if it is at all possible, something would need to have been installed in the plane before it took off that would allow an external force/person to gain control of the plane at will, and lock out cockpit control and shut off communication systems. Sounds more like sci-fi, but I could envision an RC enthusiast having the time of his or her life taking that plane, and testing it out by turning the plane around, raising it to 45,000 feet then dropping to 20,000 feet, skirting radar detection, continuing to fly the plane for hours on end...until the plane ran out of fuel or the handler made a mistake. The ultimate RC experience, albeit if this is at all possible, it wouldn't be your weekend RC warrior, but serious terrorism backed by extremely deep pockets. Possibly a dry run for future plans. Delusional maybe, but with so much of life controlled by computers these days, and with hackers able to breach security controls, the idea might not be so far-fetched. Scary.
Delusional and far fetched sum up your post
In a word, no. No such system exists nor can easily be designed.
Apparently, when there is a fire in the cabin, many the movements this plane made were standard operating procedure to get out of the flight path of other jets. It is also very possible that the crew were overcome after evasive maneuvers and the plane flew on auto until it ran out of fuel.
@BluePitBull: I'm sure one of the condescending 'aviation experts' on here will respond with "well, that system would have been down as well, (for some reason) so that was a pretty stupid question". I think that's a great question.
Blue.....think, what happens with oxygen around a fire? It's not pretty. Actually the pilots have smoke hoods to help them in this situation but it's only good for a few minutes. Oxygen would have been disabled if there was a fire to prevent an explosion.
I really hope they find this plane so that the family can find some closure. This is one of the biggest mysteries ever...at least so far.
Let's hope...but i doubt it. It's hard to believe there's no other debris around for many many miles. I spent 2 days searching images on digitalglobe with 2 million + other people, and there's images like that everywhere. The seas and oceans are full of garbage. Also the clusters of whitecaps of waves can look like debris and they are not. Often those caps can form in multiples in one place and appear to look like something.
That's definitely the jet, and I know, my name is Benny.
Maybe the satellite just sees another satellite that fell out of space!
I see that the Yahoo News Monkeys are rioting and throwing their dung all over the place. Yahoo has been up and down...mostly down for the better part of the morning. Someone give them some bananas and let them get back to work huh?
They are a joke when it comes to crashing. The fact that you can't leave comments on most of the stories anymore, makes them almost irrelevant. I'd love to be able to leave comments on their tech and food stories but that's seldom allowed.
I think that William has it right dole out the nannas
How the heck can they tell that's anything? Kind of amazing.
I hope that the families of the missing plane can have closure soon and my thoughts are with them.
I hope your thoughts are with those of us who have another 3 years left with King Obozo's Dictatorship.
My thoughts exactly...may the families soon find peace.
Still it doesn't explain the obvious,why? Did the plane even have fuel to get there?,Were they going that way on purpose? Why fly there if it turns out to be a pilot suicide? And how is it that the Thais had a signal? It doesn't jell. I hope for everyone it turns out to be it so you have some sort of closure.
penny he hates barry that's why .barry cut his unemployment off ,buffoon is tired of all this speculation
It could be a container that fell off a cargo ship. The ocean is littered with them. Sometimes those containers float for years.
Most of the containers used for container shipping are either 20ft or 40ft containers in length.
TurnFour...."MOST".....most is not all, you Idiot.
We know that modern electronic equipment can identify and locate any lost needle in a haystack from outer space. But no one would want to expose the extent of their abillity to the whole world. That would compromise their defense/offense startegies. So the action will be an inaction. Don't look so we don't have to say anything. Or shutup, you saw nothing!
Remember when that container ship spilled over about 3 years ago off the coast of Australia? I think its just junk
Perhaps. But also, perhaps, the enhanced, close-up, satellite photo the Australian military is looking has markings of Malaysian Airlines. They are not looking at the grainy picture you and I and the media see.
We will see if this is part of the plane. To be honest, I am/was holding the hope, however unlikely, that the plane had been taken and had landed someplace, whole and intact, with the passengers still alive.
there is hope, and then there is fact,
An onboard fire does not seem to add up to me. If a fire is significant enough to produce enough smoke to incapacitate a crew AND destroy radio communications (preventing a Mayday call), there does not seem to be a likelihood that the aircraft would then have survived a voyage of the length required to travel another 2000+ miles south. Fire suppression systems would have activated in the avionics bay to allow for a Mayday call, it would seem. Additionally, there is a crash beacon which would have activated upon impact.....and this did not happen. I would love to be wrong but the odds of this wreckage being that of Flight 370 seems slim.
My money is on the crash beacons being removed at some point by the airline, they are NOT a required piece of equipment. thus no beacon pulse was initiated when it crashed and came in contact with Salt water.
I still think a fire was possible. And selected systems went down, and the plane incapacated enough where it could not land. His initial response was to turn the plane around and get to the nearest air port and fight the fire. But the fire was spreading too fast. His only hope was to gain altititude and deny oxygen to the fire. So he went straight up. The passengers probably would have had oxygen for the climb unless the fire was in the cabin or the oxygen supply was out. So, the pilot was very smart, and took the plane up to the thin oxygen and denied food to the fire. It went out. The plane could still fly but the initianl plan to land the ploane was impossible.. And he had no way to communicate, and it was night. And maybe something catastrophic happened to the passengers Fire, oxygen depltion from the ascent, or whatever. At that point, he was cornered. This guy only really knew flying. He stayed true to himself. The pilot aimed the craft out to sea, and died. Another person may have tried much harder at different forms of communication, or cosnsidered many other options. But his bag of tricks (knowledge pool) was not that large, and all revolved around airplanes. I hope they find the black box. But I supposed that too could have been destroyed. We just may never know.
But Ted, gaining altitude to 45,000 feet would also deny oxygen to the passengers and crew, rather severely, since in order to starve the fire of oxygen he would most likely have had to depressurize the aircraft. You might think, "Well, they used their oxygen masks." But use of oxygen -- which is pure oxygen, by the way -- is extremely dangerous in a fire situation. I don't know what the answer will ultimately turn out to be, but I have a bad feeling it's not going to be a good outcome for the passengers.
on board fire does not make any sense. auto pilot will only do so much. the plane fuel has to be transferred, radios were turned off. this plane is sitting on a runway somewhere and the high jackers are making demands. the government of just keeping it hush hush
Interesting theory. What type of plane do you fly? Thanks
Art How do you know that the radio was turned off? They lost communications which can be attributed to massive system failures including a fire on board.
Good rationalization and at some point the crew became incapacitated. The aircraft could have wondered about on its own built in stability without automatic or human input for some time before becoming completely unstable and plummeted downward.
Don....I fly a plane which has a pilot.....and it isn't me. :)
After researching the prior data and going into google earth I found an interesting place. Gonabad, Iran airport would make a sensible destination. There is a recently constructed/extended runway 12,000 ft in length for a #$%$-hole little town. Google Earth it. The plane could have flown the Himalaya rim to use mountains to mask radar to possibly enter into Iran. The google earth image shows a blackened area which is the size of a hangar with the dimensions of 410' by 234'. If the plane is not there then it would still be interesting to know if anyone knows WHY this airfield was built. Suspicion was IMMEDIATELY being deflected concerning the 2 Iranian's with fake passports. The story of the plane being in the Southern Indian Ocean is likely a diversion. It is highly likely that NO wreckage will be found....but it will provide an alternative story for what happened to the plane.....even if it does not make sense. There is much more to this story than meets the eye.....especially because what meets the eye does not pass the smell test and makes NO sense at all.
@Kevin -- that's verrrrry interesting! Thanks for doing the research!
If this is in fact debris from the plane then the hypothesis of an electrical fire would make sense. All pilots have to go through a checklist in case of a problem. In the case of an electrical fire, then shutting down systems one at a time would account for shutting down the transponder, etc. It would also require shutting down portions of the avionics systems thus leaving the pilots flying blind. Smoke may have rendered the pilots unconscious leaving the plane flying on autopilot. Smoke from fires on board is toxic as hell and fill a plane rapidly. But, this just another hypothesis in a story riddled with them.
Chris Goodwin's theory has already been thoroughly debunked.
still doesn't explain no communication of any kind from the pilots, no distress call
@Isis --- ? @Debra --- communication equipment is electrical. No electrical, no radio.
Sorry, Chris Goodfellow. It looks like you took much of your comment from his story on wiredotcom. Debra, you can't make a distress call if you have shut everything down trying to contain a fire. First things first.
@Isis -- never seen his stuff.
Check it out and you will understand why I thought you had read his article or someone who copied it.
I totally disagree. In many cases ideas have come off these so called conspiracy theories published here on the internet, and been incorporated into the search for this plane. For example, the whole idea that the plane did not immediately crash, and went somewhere other than in the waters off Malayasia, was a conspiracy theory, first seen here. The whole suicide angle first appeared on the internet. I can't say how much is coincidence, and how much is word spreading from published theories, but I think we get a net gain from dreamers. (theorists). It is probably, on occasion, helpful, and always it is fun to see what everyone else is thinking.
No desire to Isis --- BTW, electrical issues, mechanical issues and human error have not been ruled out by any investigative agency and won't be until the plane is found. Where did you get "debunked" from ? Thats like saying we're only going to investigate whatever the current theory is. The NTSB or any agency does not confine itself in that manner. It's imperative they find out what the problem was to prevent a reoccurrence.
David, I didn't say they had. I said one article that I referenced had been debunked. I know you aren't interested in a former pilots theory so I won't mention it again.
Isis --- no need to get defensive. My hypothesis came from common sense, my general knowledge of aircraft and the fact that the flight made a turn back south, possibly, just possibly, attempting to get back to Kuala Lumpur. The media seems intent on driving this story towards some nefarious intent with no facts to substantiate them. As a former pilot, you should know that 99.9% of all airplane disasters are caused by 1 of 3 or a combination of 3 reasons, mechanical, electrical or human. It would appear that the media is content with ignoring that basic fact.
The article covered those reasons and actually added quite a bit of info. Just didn't want to hammer you with something that you had no desire to read.
Ya' investigators checked these posts to get info. First place U.S. went was near same spot being searched now. U.S. knew by next day most likely scenario-unfortunately MAS steered them mindlessly about until U.S. said enough stupidity is enough. Ted-give somebody on plane a call-they might answer now.
Thanks Bryan, I was at a loss of words after reading Teds post. Had the same thought and visualized Malaysian, Chinese, American, Australian, Indian and others checking the comments sections or blog posts to see where they should check first. Using my usual dry wit I posted Yeti was responsible and they should check Nepal or Mongolia. No word on whether they did or not. Thanks Isis, not hammering is a good thing.
i think Malaysia Air has really lax security which made it an easy target to take over. the government is embarrassed over this and has everything to hide.
Dear Malaysian government, From the article: "Investigators piecing together patchy data from military radar and satellites believe that, minutes after its identifying transponder was switched off as it crossed the Gulf of Thailand, the plane turned sharply west, re-crossing the Malay Peninsula and following an established route towards India." "What happened next is unclear, but faint electronic "pings" picked up by one commercial satellite suggest the aircraft flew on for at least six hours. " Then the plane continued to fly north and landed in China, not in Beijing, but in Xinjiang. Please pursue this lead.
Also the fact that there is no debris on water after 10 days or so, it means that it got to land somewhere on land. Please be logical. I'm an engineer, not a psychics.
More speculation. The media and public have been taken on a glorious ride by 'discoveries' like this one. Malaysian authorities have totally botched the coordination of this investigation.
If you put pretty much anything in the news for more than 2 days straight, you'll get the usual idiots complaining that it's getting too much coverage. The Chinese army could be landing in California and we'd get complaints of too much coverage.
I just really hope they find the black box in time. Families need answers and closure.
A review of the weather at Kerguelen Island on the morning of 8 March 2014 reveals that the wind was from the WNW at about 19 mph; the temperature was near 60F; and there was some light rain: mild conditions for the area. A water landing nearby is certainly not out of the question. A plane coming in low from the east may have been masked by the mountains. I'm sure that by now the research station on Kerguelen has been asked to review radar records for 8 March.
The Super Dual Auroral Radar Network (SuperDARN) has been developed in the last 10 years for the study of the high latitude ionosphere in the framework of Solar-Terrestrial Relations and of the investigation of the near Earth environment. Is that the one you are refering to? SuperDARN consists of two longitudinal chains, in the Northern and Southern hemispheres, comprising respectively of 9 and 6 HF coherent radars. So certainly it is not out of the question. One of the radars in the Southern chain was installed at the end of 1999 as a result of a IFRTP-PNRA collaboration in the French island of Kerguelen in order to complete as much as possible the coverage of the ionospheric auroral and polar cap regions. The radar has operated since then normally and has undergone regular maintenance. So we've got that going for us. Those WNW winds do seem normal. Any thoughts on that? Thanks
Don Turnbee: The temperature variations, the barometric pressure readings, wing velocities, and directions all seam normal for late Summer in the South Indian Ocean; perhaps too good. However, I'm not clear on the placement of the detecting devices. The station itself appears to be masked from objects approaching from the East. A more opportune area for water landings appears to be Isle St Paul. There's a 1000m-wide crater open to the sea on the ENE. Of course, this is all highly speculative.
How is this anymore credible then when they thought they saw debris off the Vietnam coast?
The area off Vietnam has exceptionally heavy ship traffic, so there are a lot more potential sources of debris. The southern Indian Ocean is comparatively very sparsely traveled. It is, however, much rougher water, so materials washed off a cargo ship cannot be discounted.
Anybody know how many minutes of audio would be available from the CVR? Seems likely that the events leading up to and during the plane's diversion may have gotten overwritten.
This same story has been in the headlines since 6am this morning at least. They have no new developments since then? Whatever happened to quality journalism. they are more concerned giving us minute by minute updates in the Kardashians and Justin Bieber.
If it was an emergency like a fire, wouldn't the first thing the pilots would do is notify the command center?
wouldn't take more than five seconds to put out a distress signal, im sure theres also a protocol in which hes indtructed to do so
I still think we are not hearing the whole story. It think the delays by the Malaysians were intentional to give them a chance to deal with the real situation. I think they knew immediately that this was a hijacking for either ransom or to make a political statement. What I do not understand is why the hijackers or their organization have not claimed "credit".
and because everybody involved must be dead
its possible that this piece of the equation was not the FULL terrorist attack. This plane could have been diverted, landed in a remote jungle, (exactly where they appeared to be headed,) and is being hollowed out and filled w explosives to create the largest flying bomb ever conceived. Why w ould anyone wanna take responsibility for suffocating a plane full of Chinese people, when they are about to fly a 777 full of explosives into a huge popuated target in a few weeks. That seems more likely.
Malaysian airlines has forth quarterly profit loss in a row, pilot went to the trial of former deputy prime minister two days before the trip, he has a flight simulator that costs so much money at his home and deleted all games before departing. All this event makes no sense why the flight deck would turn around sharp on the opposite direction. Co pilot has a history of inviting stranger to the cockpit when the airlines knows the rules no one should be in the cockpit unless they are certified airliner with employee badges ex pilots commuting, co pilots from other airlines etc. this is an embarrassing to the Malaysian government and not having a team to support victims families etc makes it worse and frustration to the families. This should be a lesson learn. Let the us government help. The us technology and the system has the best in the world to learn from.
I would imagine that even now the debris from the tsunami in Japan is still floating around, and may cause a lot of false sightings.
While the possible experts are looking at the images of possible debris from a possible satellite photo and can possibly send ships and planes out, could we possibly see something else on the endless news shows on TV besides the speculation??
Perhaps they should wait until they investigate before releasing more conjectures in public. If satellite imagery can zoom in to where they can identify a person, how come they are not zooming in and able to confirm what the object is?
I hope my reply does not sound rude.The satelite has to be in a certain location at a certain time to get the images.Its alot like ham radio if you wont to talk to the ISS space station the same thing applys.Have a good night and that was a good question.:)
Sans, Also we don't know if the photos released are what they actually looked at. Where their photos they had actually very good and possible airplane markings seen? This is a problem when you have so many countries involved in looking for this plane. A country has to be careful on what is released or what they know out of fear of letting too many state secrets be known. I seriously doubt the PM would have said it was credible evidence considering the problem the Chinese had after their satellite released photos.
Good point Gloria,Have a good day.
Flying MH370 South doesn't make sense, but then Malaysian Airlines not knowing they had lost a plane for hours doesn't make sense either.
It could take days to find out what kind of object they found, be for real people. That is your job. Is it part of a plan, or not. You should know the material of a 777 Boeing plane, shouldn't you? How many pieces 1? You are making up the story as you go along. Your grabbing at straws. Don't put anything out there until you know. Unless your trying to please China, because they are mad they had more Chinese people on that flight. Right???????
You sound so intelligent, why don't you go and help out?
This is sounding more and more like an airplane whose systems went haywire. Although it is easy to follow the trail of a rogue pilot, there are plenty of holes in that line of reasoning. More attention has to be paid to the automated systems that run these jets. They have become increasingly complex, taking more and more of the decision-making away from the pilots and, consequently retarding their skills in flying these behemoths. There cannot be a rush to judgement. Boeing also needs to come clean on everything they know - - which is FAR more than has been disclosed to the rest of us. ACAR data was captured for an hour or so prior to the plane's sudden communication shutdown. Boeing: Answers, please!
I read an article in which an expert was quoted as saying a fire in the cockpit could have shut down the plane's systems as we think happened. The pilot(s) could have been incapacitated early or tried to control the fire (hence, no communications) and then have become incapacitated.
There is an Off button you know, lol.
Find Godzilla and you'll find the bodies.
I don't know, I think Aliens are more likely then Godzilla.
Too much effort went into the planning of such detailed maneuvers and diversion. Why not just crash the plane on takeoff or shortly there after. Why wait all that time, turning off transponders, doing a 90° turn and charting a new course. Doesn't add up.
Media: stop turning this tragedy into a Circus! "Black Hole ate the Plane", "Pieces of plane in Australia" Are you going to suggest that this was not the plane but instead there were pieces of the " Oceania" ("Lost") ? Think about the loved ones, be kind to them
That's my dong the satellite is seeing...
Hi my name is Courtney Love and the plane looks like it landed in Katmandu.
The New Zealand air force which consists of 4 Cessna planes, has taken the lead in the investigation.
This story continues to be one out of the old twilight zone, outer limits era. If this was a high jacking, why continue to fly for 6-7 hours after taking control? If they were to steal the plane for some reason why head it back out into the ocean where there is no where to land? Since I know absolutely nothing about planes, can anyone with any real knowledge tell me whether it is possible for there to be such a catastrophic event , possibly electrical or mechanical that could account for the strange circumstances? One that would have shut systems down, including navigational and communicational equipment where perhaps the pilots lost their bearings and perhaps flew around looking for a place to land?
Simple, there was a fire or other problem, they turned around to land. On the way back the crew succumed to smoke or whatever and died. Plane keeps flying till its out of fuel.
The plane is not in the Maldives or the Bermuda triangle, so ignore any articles claiming such. The Air France 447 lost in the Atlantic Ocean took 2 years to find and the Amelia Earhart plane took 76 to find in the Pacific Ocean. So for the record a plane has been lost in every ocean except the Arctic.
Susan I have been thinking the same thing. What if there was some sort of major malfunction. Such malfunction caused failure of communication and also caused failure of navigation maybe even reversing it. If this is the plane look at the route, it is opposite of where it should have been heading. If electrical malfunction caused a magnetic field such field could reverse compasses which might be all the plane had to fly with. Yeah I know it sounds nuts but all the "experts" have come up with nothing
I have wondered the same thing about the plane. I mean, Yes, this company has had a good track record, but that doesn't mean one of their planes couldn't or wouldn't be a wayward time bomb. Could it be that something happened with the plane itself where it just shut itself down to the point that the pilots had absolutely no control whatsoever? I know the first and foremost thing the FFA look at is human error. But it's often the case that we have tunnel vision because we become so focused on one thing. We will never know until the black box is found. And if it is in these deep waters... it may never be found. So yes Susan, a mechanical or electrical issue could cause the pilots to loose control.
..."Yeah I know it sounds nuts but all the "experts" have come up with nothing"...that's because experts tend not to resort to wild speculation just because there are no concrete leads...
Two years to find the black box of Air France 447 not two years to find the plane!
Have you ever heard of suicide?
They haven't found Earhart's plane... They found an object that "could" be her plane. The sonar photos are very unclear and no one has been down there to investigate. Assumptions aren't always facts. But, yes, there has been planes that have disappeared in time. Although, we didn't have the technology like we do now. And, the Malaysia plane is a pretty big plane. And, the Air France 447, they were able to find the wreckage and pull a couple of bodies from the plane within 5 days of the wreck. It took them 2 years to find the black box...This particular plane is a true mystery.
That should have been the first suspicion given the circumstances but that does not spread the fear of terrorism. There hasn't been a big terrorist event in a while and people are becoming braver again so the governments must spread fear. Given that the plane lost communication then turned around and appeared to fly aimlessly that should have been the logical choice right from the beginning of this. Unfortunately there are far too many people who instantly believe the fear put out by governments and don't stop to think for themselves.
Where are all the darn seat cushions!!! they said they could be used as a flotation device!
There was an article that quoted an expert stating that if the all of the plane's systems and controls had been set, it could fly on it's own until it ran out of fuel or encountered some obstacle (changes in weather, birds, etc.).
Laszio,'experts' make an assumption they claim is right, since being 'experts' they can't be wrong, then spend their time trying to convince everyone else they are right.
no way D ....i suupose fire turned off the tracking systems too? Plane flew for hours on fire? cmon man....would have cracked up fast and went down....not flown for HOURS...
There is the possibility that there was a slow air leak that drained the air out of the plane slowly. As a late night flight, most people would either be sleeping or at least drowsy to begin with. By the time cabin pressure dropped enough to trigger the air masks, everyone would have been asleep anyway. By the time the pilot noticed, the air was likely pretty thin and maybe he was already fading too. He programs in a course that heads back for land but is also clear of busy flight routes and is below most commercial traffic. He blacks out, maybe turns off the transponder by accident. The slow leak eventually returns cabin pressure and air to normal, but too late for anyone on board. Plane continues until the fuel runs out and it crashes. The fire is a good guess too, as it would explain why they may have turned off their electronics to kill the fire. Though, in case of a fire, I am not sure the auto pilot would neccessarily keep the plane flying in the same direction it was last programed for. I suppose it might have, even if the controls were fried. Either way, it would seem that something happened and the plane was diverted for safeties sake perhaps, and at some point, for some reason, they were not able to reestablish control and head to safety.
...Clobber...you are clearly ignorant of the scientific method...experts do not make assumptions...they formulate hypotheses based on evidence...stop embarrassing yourself...
Who says a hijacker has to have a good sense of direction?
I agree, why wait for 6 to 7 hours, if it was a high jacking? No place to land. We do however, know one solid thing. The PLANE LEFT ITS ORIGINAL COURSE. That had to have been done on purpose. We also know, if there WAS any kind of mechanical problem, the plane would have contacted any Tower, and alerted them about the problem, which did not happen. I think it had something to do with the two iranians/ islamic. The only possible reason I can see, as to why no one has claimed the responsibility for the highjacking, is you never know what is in a muslims head. Its all about THEIR interpretation of God. Maybe they waited 7 hours, so as to erase all traces of the plane. Ya, pretty crazy. But look at the net result. Not only did they Highjack the plane...they created a lot of expense in the recovery and investigation. And they killed infidels, so for an islamic... its a total win-win situation. In my book, it was senseless wholesale murder, executed by a radical religion. They do not have to have a REASON why.... they only need "The Opportunity". As to what roll the cockpit crew played...they may have had no choice, if the muslim iranians had any kind of weapon or, the cockpit crew COULD have been part of the conspiracy. Given one of them was about to get married, and the captain seemed to be a happy family man... I would tend to believe THEY TOO were victims. But the thing that makes me think the cockpit crew WAS involved, is because of WHERE this plane may have entered the Sea. What I mean by that, is, it is way off course, and more then that, in a very REMOTE area of the world. I would think, picking a spot like that, to go down, would be more along the lines of what a captain might have the best knowledge of, rather then the two iranians. Maybe we will never know. Just hope they can find the Black box. That might be the ONLY thing that will ever tell the world, what really happened. I just can't understand WHY!
I think this was a hijacking. The hijackers could have turned off the communications or forced the pilot to do so. They may have taken over the plane and then had not idea how to properly set the automatic flight controls correctly. This could account for the erratic changes in direction and to landing in the ocean.
During the day a pilot can get a bearing from the sun, at night, the moon and stars as well as the glow of lights from cities in the distance. Pilots and crew have portable O2 to allow them to move around during an emergency. Still looks deliberate to me.
Walter: if air leak is the cause, why were the transponders turned off? If there was fire, how could the plane continue to fly for hours? Extremely bizarre occurrences. If it was deliberate action, what's the purpose? A long, painful and hopeless journey for everyone on board? Then what's the message? If it was purely mechanical, what could cause the (1) pilot unable to function (2) pilot unable to communicate (3) transponders turned off (4) plane use alternative route, (5) yet, the plane can still fly for another 5 hours? Is there such possibility? A human cause is plausible at this point I think. Hope FBI can crack this.
All that is missing is a motive.
Laszlo, you are right. Most people just do not realize the sheer scope of the potential search area. The Indian Ocean is huge, the Pacific even more so if the plane happened to head that direction. I have repeatedly seen posts about "with our technology, satellites that can read license plates, they should have found the plane if it crashed". Far easier said than done. Satellite imagery or not, with all beacons having been disabled, the experts are still looking still looking for an angel on the tip of a pin hidden in a haystack. You need to remember the search area needs to encompass an area of 360 degrees from their last known location with a radius determined by amount of fuel left and then factor in drift. It is an extremely daunting task even with today's technology. Sure, it is possible the plane was hijacked for terrorist purposes and use the plane as a weapon. My guess is that is not the case because I think they would have done so already. They would have wanted to strike quickly while searchers were assuming a crash and also, the longer they wait, the greater the chance of discovery. Or maybe it was hijacked and something went wrong and they crashed. There are any number of scenarios, but until and if the plane is found, we may never know for sure what happened.
Daniel, That plane could have crashed so hard in the ocean it;s under the ocean bed for all we know. So yeah it might take some times with ocean currants & storms for anything to show up. It could have done in whole for all we know. Just because the wing section for small part of the tail section might break off after impact don't mean anything cut loose. The body of the plane it;s self could be intact that the passengers & crew are in under water. Hon. Just because some planes you can find cushions and other things that float up from them don't mean all of them do it.
The plane was manually programmed to auto pilot. Should someone have wanted to commit suicide and not bring shame to the family they would need to have the plane go down where it would never be found
First and foremost, thoughts and prayes to the families and people effected by this crazy situation. Its so hard not to get all "conspiracy theory" right now. Here's my major question. If it was a mechanical failure/fire wouldn't the cockpit (pilot & co-pilot) have at least 30 seconds maybe a minute of breath before losing consciousness to issue a distress call or something... And if it was an abrupt explosion/fire that took the pilots and controls out instantly, how could the plane fly for 7 hours and do a couple "turns" till it runs out of fuel. I want to believe the rational explanation that it has crashed..... There's just not enough proof to yet. I hope for the families it has not.
If someone wanted to commit suicide without causing shame to the family, they didn't have to kill 239 people....they could have killed themselves only by finding a way to disappear somehow. Killing passengers and crew to commit suicide sounds too far fetched to me.
MArta.... Nothing is far fetched with crazy people anymore. There have been plenty of suicide bombers. 9/11 for example. Some psychos like to do things like that - it makes them think they will be written down in history. Like how some of them commit crimes and later get off watching what they did on the news. It's sick but very true.
Anyone remember Payne Stewart's last flight?
Once the autopilot was reprogrammed, if the controls were damaged, it would continue on that course until it ran out of fuel. What ever damaged the controls could easily have deactivated the beacon. One of the excused reasons for turning off the beacon is a fire, where you would turn off power to the control panel. If a fire had gotten out of control, that is exactly what they would have done. A fire of that scope could have easily melted or otherwise damaged the controls beyond use. The big problem is that if they had survived the fire, they should have been able to disable the plane long before it ran out of fuel. They should have been able to ditch the plane nearer land where they would have a chance at survival.
As I look at the video of family members being dragged out of press conferences it really #$%$ me off, because it is the Malaysian governments fault that these family members are so upset. The story has changed multiple times and this will only confuse and anger family members more. They should have told the family and the media that they have nothing new and they do not know what happened to flight 370 until they have definitive proof, because anything more only gives these people false hope and even more anguish.
Amen. Nothing could be worse then enduring this nightmare.
You guys have some really huge expectations. After all, these are only humans conducting the investigation.
These people understandably are demanding answers. There are none yet so authorities are giving what information they have, when they get it, right or wrong, good news or bad.
How is the government at fault? It didn't cause the plane to disappear. It didn't operate the airline. I think the officials are as clueless as any of us. I am sure they are as eager to find out what's happened as any Chinese family out there because there are Malaysian nationals on that plane too. These families are demanding answers daily because, understandably, they are sad, upset, and angry.
For starters, they should have better security at the airport. Common, the lost passports had been reported and were in the database. If they were lax with that, who knows what else they were lax with.
How about this scenario. A terrorist(s) enters the flight cabin at an opportune time in the flight - say one pilot using the restroom, etc. Their intention is to get the pilots to fly into a tower/object. They know enough about the operation of the 777 to get the pilots to shut down tracking. Pilots do so, but also engage some autopilot system that requires intimate knowledge to override. Either through direct resistance, or outright murder, the pilots are killed. The terrorists then attempt to take control of the plane, but are unfamiliar with the way to disengage the track it is on. Unable to do so, the plane continues on its track until it runs out of fuel and crashes into the ocean. I don't know anything about 777 flight systems, but can anyone out there tell me if engaging an "autopilot" - or some auto navigation system - would make it difficult for novice pilots to override?
only problem with any theory involving terrorist is why has no group claimed responsibility they love to boast when they kill people thats how they invoke terror . many terrorist groups will claim responsibility for deaths that they were not even responsible for but no one has stepped forward in the days since the disappearance that would be counterproductive on there part you can't terrorise someone if they don't know the horrible things you've done and what your capable of..
Why would a terrorist want to hijack a plane crash land it in the ocean where no one would know why or who ... perhaps because they are crazy?
very true, although maybe they're still trying to figure out what occurred before commenting. it just seems very unlikely that either pilot would take the actions that were required to create this situation (assuming we've been told everything about them). clearly something malicious was done by someone on the plane. incredibly tragic and puzzling.
Us peasants will never know the real facts, and most dont care
For the families involved I hope this isn't another 'dead end'. I feel for them. The grieving process has been delayed while they're left in limbo.
2nd paragraph of the story is mind boggling: "The large objects...spotted by satellite 4 days ago..." The ENTIRE world was aware of this missing flight 5 hours after take off, and 4 days pass before releasing this satellite information on these floating objects, which can easily travel an addition 500 miles by the current in that time???
I know right? I think this is all a bunch or BS. I feel bad for the missing people, maybe someone should try using the GPS apps. that come on the I phones to locate them.
not enough info. Says the sat spotted the debris but doesn't say when humans looked at the sats pics & discovered the debris.
I, too, know nothing about planes. But do pilots have to rely on electronics to navigate a plane? What about maps and compasses and a little math, like they do on boats?
Hey people, how about showing some respect for the passengers of this plane?? 239 people are either dead or most are dead at some terrorist camp. Either way, this is a horrible situation and people are making jokes about it.
Had 5 family members killed in mexican bus crash in '93 outside Cancun on way to Chichen Itza(spelling may be off a bit). Most of U posters that joke have no idea what families go through in situations such as this. U get prank phone calls from people claiming to be government reps, U get requests for large sums of money, U hear stories of bystanders robbing the dead, your family is torn apart. Takes weeks to get bodies back. Brother had to sneak his daughter who survived crash out of hospital or pay 40,000 dollars. Give some of your comments some thought at least.
Bryan, thank you for sharing your story. I am so very sorry for your loss.
Bryan, sorry for you loss; unfortunately there are a lot of troll idiots out there.
Bryan~ I am sorry that your family had to endure that. I whole heartedly agree with you, people don't think about all involved before posting. If folks would just think and put themselves in the positions of these families places (and those of any situation, big or small) I believe the comments would have a completely different tone. As you know, this is something that loved ones live with long after it's over. Not to sound corny, but seriously, God bless us every one.
oh obozo what's that all about.?
Thanks for thoughts-just wanted to make point-though now U have me almost in tears. I drove down through mexico a year later:Veracruz, Oaxaca, Puerto Angel. Just to see for myself; found myself feeling sorry for people I had very ill thoughts about. Governments aren't always reflection of people who live underneath their rule.
I'm sick of this statement. "There is no air inside an airplane at whatever thousand feet." There is! No oxygen is pumped into the cabin! EVER! At high altitude the oxygen molecules are more spread out and sparser. Planes are pressurized which makes the oxygen molecules more concentrated so you can breath. They used to allow smoking on airplanes. If they pumped oxygen into the cabins then, every plane would have fires on board! Emergency oxygen is different. Those masks that drop are attached to oxygen generators and give you enough O2 to breath until the plane gets to breathable air which is under 18,000 feet for healthy folks. The pilots also have their own oxygen supply.
That means I won't survive, because of my health. But that's why I carry an oxygen tank on the plane in the No Smoking section.
These aircraft routinely cruise between 29K and 39K feet depending on direction. Even altitudes west and north, odd altitudes east and south. The FAA may certify them for commercial use only at 39K and below, but the aircraft can safely operate in higher altitudes. Many Lear Jets and Gulfstream jets operate above 40k.
Exactly Tom. The Concorde flew over 60k feet routinely. I've flown on 777's at 43,000 feet.
Mike, your common sense and logic is not appreciated.
I hope it's not the flight. I hope they are kidnapped and held in North Korea. Cause it would be too heartbreaking for the families. Lord I pray for them. However why would the pilot turn off everything and fly the aircraft into nothingness ? Sound more like a Payne Stewart everyone unconscious in the aircraft incident. I pray it's not so
if they flew into NK we would know it!!!
And in today's news...we are still speculating wildly since we still have no clue what actually happened.
My standard reply to everything: Yup
Speculation is what keeps the story alive and well.
And, they will continue to speculate, write a book, make a movie with no facts.
I can't wait until the conspiracy theories start gaining popularity.
Your comment has more facts than this article has.
Come on girl - there have nothing BUT conspiracy theories in this bunch! I have heard the most nonsensical theories in the past 2-3 weeks and wonder about the sanity of a lot of them! I guess that's better than going out and getting drunk or doped up.....
first they said it must of crashed into the ocean, then they said the sensors on the engines showed that it flew for over 4 hours after it lost radar contact, then they said it was more like 7 hours and it could be in Pakistan or iran and that it appears to have been hijacked, then they said there were reports of a low flying jet over male airport in Maldives and now they say they think they found debris off of Australia! seriously!!!!!
I SEEN IMAGIGES SHOWING A PLANE GETTING NET TO IT LIKE IT ALMOST HIT IT AND THEN IT TOOK OFF OUT A BAT OUT OF HELL AND TRAVELED 1000MILES WITHIN SECONDS LIKE IT EITHER HIT IT OUR BLOWN IT RIGHT OUT OF THE SKY
read my post above, it's exactly what happened
If it were simple everyone would do it....
But speculation is so much fun!!!
Randy, trying to find your brain is even more fun.
Must HAVE crashed, not of crashed.
Hey folks, Terry is the internet comedian, he likes to correct your spelling. Mother MUST HAVE bought him one of those spelling books. So now the special Ed child has nothing else to do all day but babble.....how pathetic.
I'm confused; earlier this morning on channel 2 these sites were already eliminated, or are these two additional sites...sounds like the same ones.
Both Boeing and Rolls Royce has continuous sattelite interfaces with the planes built as well as the engines which relay positioning of the aircraft and performance data. This tracking cannot be "Turned off". How can it be that they cannot locate the last position of their aircraft?
They had the information since 4 days, but most likely since 10 days and were sitting on it. The Malaysians have bungled the search in the hope, the world would forget about it, because its Muslim pilots and Muslim illegals on board and the airline is Government owned and that is owned by Muslims.
Putin masterminded the disappearance as a distraction while he takes over eastern Europe.
So, in essence, right now, As Usual,....we still know...VERY LITTLE about where the plane is, what happened, why or who (if anyone) did this terrible thing. I cannot even imagine, at this point, what the family members and loved ones are going through. I truly pray for them. :(
CNN is pathetic. There's is nothing new to talk about with this story so they just go on and on with nonsensical speculation. Two weeks from now you'll see Anderson Cooper interviewing the brother of the guy in the grocery store that rang the pilot up 5 days before the plane vanished.
Don't forget the pilot's barber. He could be a reporters dream.
And his prom date from 1982
It looks like a wave reflecting sunlight to me.
I wonder if CNN has chartered a private jet to fly Wolf Blitzer and the clean shaven one over the area to interfere with the investigation. They already have exhausted all possibilities, explanation, theories, lies, untruths, experts in aviation, experts in terrorism, experts on Boeing aircraft etc etc etc.
everyone has including most of the posters here there is no way this hysteria is just from 2 reporters...it takes a village!!
sure....why not...they have nothing better to do with their time and or money.....millions of people are starving to death and dying from horrible diseases, but lets cover a missing jumbo jet in the middle of the Indian ocean....now thats productive use of time and priority....who cares that Crimea is being annexed from the Ukraine....heck, who cares if Putin is drinking vodka.....lets keep everyone's attention on a missing plane and March Madness.... : D
That is the point I am trying to make our media (TV, newspapers etc) have their priorities all wrong and it all revolves around ratings and shock value. Who here does not believes that CNN wants to see a war break out in Europe, while we have so many problems here at home.
Another script for a movie to follow Cast Away.
I do hope we have closure, but his could just be another blind lead.
it will never be closed - FOX news will milk this for eons to come!
There is no such thing as closure.
Bob I presume you know nothing about wars, and those who never came back and their bodies were never recovered.
You would think that a radar return without a id number would draw more attention.
You'd think a lot of things would have happened since 911 and I'm surprised we know when foreign diplomats take a dump but not when a whole plane is missing?
lets hope that its not something, but in reality we want it to be, so there can be closure, but IF the plane did land, how would the passengers be fed and cared for for this long unless its a pretty big operation going on,and if they are deceased from the 40000 height incident, where are they, and who is going to take care of that situation, this has got to be unbearable for the loved ones, my prayers go out to all of them, this is absolutely terrible.
Wizard - are you such a dumb #$%$??? If Al Queda hijacked the plane they would simply kill the p#$%$engers and dump their bodies......
Edward, your wrong.. If Al Qaeda did it, they would hold the passengers hostage, film it, and send it to the president.
Edward, You are the dumb and obnoxious $%$%@# here, not Wizard.
Edward, check your spelling of Al Qaeda before you call someone a dumb#$%! Who said it was Al Qaeda anyways?
They wanted the plane, not the people so my guess would be that they killed the passengers on that plane. I read someone mention from another post about why not use a cargo plane to avoid having to kill innocent people. First off, their goal is to kill so they would not categorize who is worthy of killing and who is not. Lastly, the choice for cargo or passenger plane probably had to do with their limitations as to what type of aircraft the willing pilot was given access to.
They would kill all the Non Muslim passengers and do who knows what with the rest.
Nearly impossible to secretly land and hide a plane that big. Not when just about every inch of the planet is under satellite surveillance. It would be especially difficult to hide it from military satellites. The men and women who go over military satellite photos are trained to see through camoflauge and deception.
How do we know the plane reached that high altitude? I've heard it talked about...but how do we know that? And if we know that, why don't we know WHERE the plane is?
Don't worry, Obozo's foodstamps will help pay for the food.
@Obozo Dude, you are the tard in this discussion. Are you a GW Bush fan? I would assume so, right?! Bush did more to crush this countrys' hopes than anyone has ever done in history. You need to get a new angle and get rid of your stupid user name.
Thank you for your support because of an #$%$ that decided to express himself beyond his own intellectual capabilities, and you had to school him in the consequences of self righteousness, and mental diarrhea, may you all enjoy yourselves on your next conquest!!!!! Thank You again!
The search area in the indian ocean is as difficult to search as anyplace in the world. I think it is not to far from where that 16 year old girl had to abandon her boat after a storm.
So? Why do they release these satellite pics? Why not send a plane and look first and then report back. If it is one piece, it is probably a #$%$ shipping container. There are hundred in the oceans.
Its a 'cover story'. The US cannot reveal just how we know we've discovered debris from flight 370 so we ask the Australians to announce they've found it and hand out a 4 day old poor quality satellite photo. The fact that Aussie PM made the announcement and that all avaliable search assets are being deployed to the area indicates a very high confidence that this is debris from that airliner.
The point of crashing the plane in the middle of nowhere would be that the world's attention has now been centered on Malaysia for almost 2 weeks. It could have been political and done as a way to bring attention to the recent election and imprisonment of the opposition leader. Just a theory.
The plane was stolen...the thieves don't view the infidel passengers as valid human life.
Most are two stupid to get that terrorist what people to see carnage not fly 6-7 hours to crash in the sea, give me a break people are so naïve listening to CNN study "where the plane went down" Right this thing was stolen and will not be found till they want it found. This was the perfect plan so far and I bet myass the next part of the plan will be just as daring. JMHO
Why does it take 4 days for this info to be downloaded and reported? By the time those ship(s) get there those objects will be long gone and further down the Indian Ocean. I heard on the news that there is always trash in that area that falls off of ships passing through. God help these people.
It's a container that fell off of a ship. Remember the container that washed up on the western shore of Canada a couple of years after the tsunami in Japan? There was a guys HD motorcycle inside? Also, why are these satellite images so fuzzy and out of focus? 40 years ago National Geographic showed spy satellite pictures from space that showed whether your hair was parted on the right or left, yet these pictures of a 70 foot long object look only like light objects on a dark background.
they just need to report because common sense told myself...that its tsunami debris
God onl knows were this plan is
they are out of focus for a reason!!!
The Democrats don't want to spend anything for defense. The US used to be a strong and capable country. Perhaps today we don't have the capability any more.
Its the wrong part of the ocean to be Tsunami debris.
It was a container that fell off a ship. The container was full of m-16's that Obama was shipping to the Muslim brother Hood.
james go to bed and rest your brain.
I for one do not want to fly with anyone associated with Aalah or the Muslims. If the guy has three of four names in one sentence count me out, Abdul Muhammad Bin Flyinglong.
It will be interesting to see how long it will take them to locate these pieces since they have drifted since the satellite image was taken and that they appeared to be partially submerged at that time and may have sunken since. I'd like to be optimistic that this is it, however logic is telling me that there is a lot of garbage in the ocean. This area is also close to known cargo shipping routes which containers sometimes fall off of ships, and that a lot of floating junk accumulates around there. The question had also been raised that this size of these objects is quite large, and could be a piece of the aircraft fuselage or wings, but how a piece of metal this large floats?? Not too sure about that. If it is the wreckage of the plane, then comes the task of figuring out where this debris originated from, and where the rest of it lies underwater. The ocean is about 2-miles deep there which is the maximum underwater operating threshold for the black boxes. Of all the places on earth, this area is one of the most remote and inhospitable.
Why don't you shut the hell up and stop your yacking you babbling buffoon. Stop speculating and let the investigators do their job.
the Indian and Southern ocean is so HUGE!!! really is like looking for a needle in hay stack and no telling were the debris is by now with the currents. also How deep these oceans are there are some parts in the Indian and Southern oceans and pacific so deep we really DONT know exactly how deep. when sonar sent no return also when radiosondes are dropped into these and the pacific Marianna cliff region as well the devises crushed before hitting bottom due to the great pressure.give idea how gtraet the pressure is ie the RMS Titanic is 2.5 miles below the Atlantic wee all seen the Styrofoam wig stands are 12 inches high oceanographers put 1 of these out by the Titanic and the pressure so high forced all the air out of the syrofoam and reduced this stand to 2.5 inches high now think what that will do to a person or could even the"black Box" which is Orange really survive this pressure now think how deep the Indian ocean is some places here we dont know.
scott, see post above by bafoon
Scott A, why don't you run for Whitehouse Scientist?
That's a pretty tasty trolling lure you threw out there, but I'm not biting.
I fully agree with you. I think the information is leading people on. The truth is being withheld.
The images released to the media from DigitalGlobe are also somewhat grainy and hard to see, however they have access to even higher resolution images which won't be released to the public because they don't want anybody knowing the true capability of our spy satellites which supposedly have the capability of resolution down to 14-inches, enough to read the license plate off of a car. So while to us these images seem hard to recognize if there is truly something there or not, those working the scene have much better resolution images of this debris.
Your brains are a bit grainy you Putz.
@Scott A.....you would make a great writer
Mandi, you do make a great Idiot.
Mandi thanks just some thoughts I had what we DO know is it was no UFOs or a Bermuda triangle etc. cant believe the crazies anyway not just the Indian ocean thats so huge but take a look at the pacific too. and Hi on the map looks like a speck. so imagine a airplane in pacific or the Indian oceans REALLY is a needle in the haystack. O bozo why I wont be a white house scientist I have standards
Scott A, has standards?.......HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA, BWUAHAHAHAHAHA!!!,,,,,,,,,,,MWUAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! Standards of a Buffoon.
I want to know how come every time during this investigation as soon as they locate something on there is a delay in confirmation for one reason or another nothing gets investigated right away. its either gross incompetence or something worse. I don't think this is the plane I think they know this is not the plane I think they family members are losing their patience now and starting to demand answers so they are going to give them this information and draw out confirmation for as long as possible in hopes to placate them for a while because in truth they simple have not found anything at all yet. weather that is in part because of delayed reaction in the beginning of the investigation delayed involvement of other countries delayed in depth investigation by the malaysian government to save face at the beginning involving their own pilots or the general lack of following procedure and protocol in a incident involving several different countries we may never know.
What happened? I've been under a rock eating bananas.
i am sure millions have been under the rock with you, did you have enough pot to enjoy your stay
not a drug monkey. just bananas.
That is not a possible object, it IS an object. Whether it's from an aircraft is another story, but it's an object of some kind
a freighter and dolphins as reported by the navy plane ; there was a reporter from ABC news on board
I thought those sophisticated military aircrafts could be refuled in mid-air. There are ships capable of carrying blackhawks that can aide in the search. What a copout, the search plane can only roam for a while till they have to be refuled. That is understandable. But they still can rely on other means to keep the search without pausing. I dont think i've seen so much media coverage since 911. May the families of the departed find peace.
Some people are saying the 2nd course was set as a precaution in case of emergency, and then something catostrophic happened (such as fire or decompression) and the pilot/co-pilot changed course at the last second, before losing consciousness. What doesn't make sense to me, and maybe I'm missing something, but if this happened wouldn't the plane have continued going straight until it ran out of gas or crashed? How did it make a left turn and fly out towards the middle of no where, into the Indian Ocean?
ran out of gas...hahahahahahhahahahahahaha...Wendy stay in bed.
Wendy seems to be very sincere in trying to figure out what happened so why dont u quit being a rude insulting idiot Dennis
Dennis what I was trying to say was that this scenerio didn't make any sense to me. I was looking for an explanation as to why people believed this, not ridicule!
If the pilot(s) just intended to crash the plane, why fly out to the middle of nowhere to do so? They could have done that off the coast of Malaysia
Planes on autopilot don't fly up to 45 or 47000 feet by themselves......
@DOC - correct. Actually at that altitude, if passengers don't have oxygen, they would pass out. If sustained long enough, they could die...
Autopilots can do that if they are programed to make a turn at a certain point. No pilot input would be required. It would fly on that course until something changed the course or it ran out of fuel.
Wendy-auto-pilot works off computer, it can be programmed a few moves ahead. Denise-at 45,000ft you do pass out; as you die. Also most of the "experts" don't think the plane ever hit 45k.
I think I read that it did hit 40,000 ft for about 1 minute. You would pass out but not sure about death...
if you pass out, you will die soon. and the auto pilot wouldnt take the plane that high because it is at the very ceiling of how high it can remain in the air
The 777 plane is programed not to fly above its limits unless it is reprogramed or flown munually to that altitude. Which means some one was still alive to fly it!
All this evidence points to "someone" taking control of the plane.
this is not the outcome relatives of the passengers were hoping for, but i do hope for sake of closure, it is the wreckage of flight 370. if it is, finding the actual spot of impact will be narrowed, but with all the time that has passed, the task is far from easy. how deep is the ocean here? how about wind and currents? time well tell.
I hope the families get some sort of resolution soon.
As I'm reading this article I realize yet another reason why I love golf. We still measure stuff in yards (and feet and inches).
Why are people hoping that the plane landed safely somewhere ? That would be a very, very bad thing. That would mean terrorists are likely going to use it for an attack. If this is the plane, then it's a good thing. Regardless if the plane landed or not on land, the passengers are dead. The only good that can come of it is if the plane hit the ocean and crashed instead of being on land so more people don't die
You say that ONLY because your family was not on that plane - The Fail Whale.
Kind of flawed thinking... If it's a very bad thing to find the missing plane intact, then won't it be worse if the terrorists got hold of it and we don't know anything about it?
If I had family on the plane, I would have thought logically and already assumed that they were dead. Why hold on for this many days ( as a relative of one of the passengers ) When it's quite obvious what the cold, hard truth is I guess I'm just a "realistic" person
While automated signals giving an aircraft's location could still be switched off, as may have happened in the Malaysia Airlines case, the new satellite sensors could still aid search and rescue efforts by providing an accurate starting point and help airlines save fuel. Advertisement Australia has been one of the first to implement ADS-B. While there is radar coverage of the east coast of Australia from Cairns round to Adelaide, with additional radar coverage around Perth, planes flying across remote Australia did so by reporting in their position relative to radio beacons or visual markers to Air Traffic Control, which wrote down and kept track of the flights’ progress.
Use "while" to start more of your sentences.
Why would they wait 4 days to analyze the satellite images before sending out aircraft to locate the debris? Why didn't they send the aircraft out right away? Could the debris have sunk now?
I know.... FOUR days.... it could be anywhere.. it'd actually be a miracle to find the debris, let alone find it, tie it to the plane if there is no identification and THEN find the plane...
They have been working on this as fast as they know how. Real life doesn't work like they show in the movies.
Australia is a continent. 1500 miles SW of Australia is one of the remotest parts of the globe?
Sure, if you're not from Australia.
Instead of putting this information out there, why don't they check it out first, rather than speculate? Seems like they're #$%$ in the wind at this point.
Nonsense, I'm not given to false flag conspiracy stuff, but somebody is either jerking us around, or given to spreading wild and positively stupid conjecture. If aliens were involved, they didn't steal the plane, they've been messing with public common sense.
I think I may have solved the Flight 370 mystery. Here is what could have happened. The plane takes off from Malaysia and after 40 mins, a glitch inside the electrical system occurs. It is "invisible" and inside the cockpit, everything seems normal. The captain says"all right, good night". 12 mins later, the electrical failure intensifies and a fire erupts in the cockpit, knocking the pilots dead and the transpoder useless; hence no SOS. The plane now has the glitched readings and takes the turn. The pressure inside the plane has probably made the passengers unconscious, or probably dead. So, the plane takes the turn and starts to move south west. It is basically carrying dead human beings. The plane reaches the indian ocean and runs out of fuel and crashes into the sea, and sinks.
Your hypothesis has too many holes, kinda like your head. The plane was hijacked. Whether it was a pilot or a passenger we are still unsure, but this was not because of a mechanical failure.
exactly what happened, I wrote the same scenerio, It's called the "Zombie plane" option.The problem is that CNN isnt allowed to sell this fact because Boeing told CNN to keep quiet cause this exposed the 777 as a massive malfunctioning flying computer that can shut down all its components, I'll bet even the toilets malfunctioned from flushing. My theory is when the plane reached 45K, thats when the passengers passed out cause the oxygen masks also malfuntioned. boeing is in big trouble. Want to make money on this? sell short boeing stocks!!!!
I think that you are basically right, but it's even less complicated than that. No malfunction had occurred at the point when the pilot signed off. And when the fire made itself evident, the pilot shut down electrical systems with the intention of stopping the source of the fire (most are electrical) and he directed the autopilot to head for the nearest big airport (Langkawi). But they were overcome by smoke before they reached it and the plane continued on that heading until fuel ran out. No magical thinking or sinister scheming required.
It wasnt hijacked. I hate the terrorists but they're not that stupid, everything they do is for a cause. why would terrorists simply fly an airplane in a ridiculous direction towards the south pole and wait until it ran out of gas, what would they gain for being so dumb,no way, actually there aren't that many holes in the zombie plane option, an expert pilot who flies 777's supports this as the most viable option.The 777 is a monster flying computer, one expert called it. HAs your computer at home every crashed???? YES??? of course and this happened to the plane as well. look ,you only need one flight to prove something bad and we got the bad news on the 777 after 15 yrs.
Yeah, the toilets stopped flushing and the plane, in an exasperated state, spontaneously caught on fire and went into "Zombie Option" The rest, as they say, is history.
This could be an elaborate murder scheme - who were the VIP passengers on board?
Good god you people are dumb.
Listen to communications between the pilot and ground on the flight 111 that crashed into the ocean. They had a #$%$ pit fire that eventually resulted in the plane crashing in the ocean. After about an hour into the flight, the pilot called back to air control to inform them about the complications, and told them he needs to turn the plan back to land @ New York airport. Control gave him the all clear and guided on the route to take. The pilot was in constant communication until the plane went down. From first issuing the "pan, pan" signal, and eventually the mayday warning. Not once did the air control tell him to turn off communications to try and stop the fire. It was never even a thought.
The 777 has to many backup systems on board for any thing mechanical to be the cause of its disappearance. Even if it losses ALL electrical systems, including backup generators, its equipped with a wind turbine that drops from its belly to generate power.
The Indian Ocean is a big place. That could be anything floating out there.
True, but unlikely that it is a 78 foot long "something", which is just about the length of a 777 wing. Plastic bottle, old rubber boats, all kinds of ocean trash, but very unlikely any trash is 78 feet long, with a solid radar return.
container that fell off a ship, trash that accumulated, discarded sail. fishing gear, etc.
It is amazing what they can see with those satellites.
I would say, after careful examination of the photographs, that those are definitely possible objects - or perhaps just possibly.
A very astute analysis professor, thankyou. You could perhaps, possibly, be equivacable.
Soon they'll be covering the discovery of a crushed Pepsi can on the side of the road. It'll be a top story because rumor had it that the pilot drank Pepsi.
Or maybe he threw it out the window while flying by?
People here have a lot of good questions and the search efforts just don't match the facts that have floated out. I am forming the impression the public will continue to be divered from the truth as has bee the case with other events the past ten years that just don't add up. There is no longer any transparency of governments, military, special forces or the like and I am deeply concerned these entities have been subverted for special interests that allow nothing to stand in the way of their agenda, nor respect the sanctity of human life. Thanks for reading.
Please don't tell me this is the piece of debris that Courtney Love pointed out a few days ago. It's not that I don't want answers and closure for those people, it's just that I'd loose faith in humanity if I thought Courtney Love out smarted the military and aviation experts all over the world.
Tell ya one thing, I will never go to Malaysia,or any of those countries ever, I wouldn't trust their transportation safety checklist at all. Letting people on a plane with stolen passports. tThere is no excuse for such stupid work habits, layed back, not give a #$%$ attitude, and to think people trust their lives to these airport workers, especially when you are dealing with airplanes, no way.
My pick is that the plane landed or was diverted to the US military base at Diego Garcia. On many maps its listed as British Indian Ocean Territory. From Kuala Lumpur to Diego Garcia is 2,142 miles. Its been reported that several top disease experts have been rushed to this base. The question to be asked was this plane carrying some bio weapon and needed to be diverted to some distance, isolated location to be dealt with? Top disease scientists and experts from the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CCDCP) embarking to Diego Garcia on at least four flights since this disappearance.
Than why no phone calls from at least ONE person on the flight???
Okay, why would the pilot turn off whatever, and fly off into nowhere ? That theory DOES not make sense. If you are kidnapping an aircraft you have a plan and a destination. This seem like a Payne Stewart incident, where EVERYONE in flight was unconscious, and the aircraft flew till if ran ought of fuel and crashed. I was hoping for the families it was a kidnapping
You have to admire CNN when they say 24 meters is 62 feet. They do their research in the dark and don't verify a damn thing.
I had to figure that out when my camera was in meters instead of feet. A meter is almost a yard, basically a little under 3 ft.
a meter is over a yard 39.37 inches in a meter or 1 yard and 3.97 inches. My point was he was off by about 26 feet rounded off.
Sorry, typo I meant to say 16 feet.
in my humble opinion this plane is not in the water. Not sure why more energy isn't being put into searching on land? Whoever was flying this thing would not just dump it in the ocean, why would they go through the trouble of turning off the transponders?
The plane isn't on land, and it isn't being fitted for a terrorist attack. Those land areas that would sponsor or assist in that type of scenario are under satellite surveillance. The government already knows the airplane isn't there. That's why no one was watching the ocean. If the plane was in Somalia, west Africa, Pakistan, Afghanistan, etc. we already would know it.
I think ALOT is being hidden & untold about this. With ALL of the technology there is today they can't find this plane? Maybe they are not trying? I just feel so bad for all the families of the missing!!!
To me nothing makes any sense about this because from the very beginning there have been so many lies told about this plane I simply can't count. My heart simply goes out to all of the family members left behind and to think there was a law for years in China that families could only have 1 (one) child and so many familes have lost their one (1) child on this plane and that is so horrible.
It's probably just a lost shipping container, not part of the plane. It's too far away from the suspected probable crash area.
It might be part of a plane...another one shot down or dismantled in order to divert attention while the real plane is equipped for some nefarious purpose.
If these items are indeed part of the 777, given a five-knot current due east, indicates that the plane went down roughly 2700 km west of there: near the French antarctic islands: Isle Amsterdam, and Isle St Paul.
I pray for the souls that were on that plane. Very tragic situation.
Sorry, but if this was hijacked they have a better plan that using it for ransom. I have a bad feeling that the only time we'll find this plane it will be used in a terrorist attack. Which is why it is sad to say, but the BEST CASE SCENARIO for this plane is actually that it has crashed and just hasn't been found yet because the WORST CASE SCENARIO is terrorists use this plane to attack a nuclear reactor or an important building like the Taj Mahal
You should be on CNN, your goofy theory is as bad as their experts.
my thoughts too... the worst case would be they loaded with it explosives and then load the people back on and then we would have to shot it down.
It wasn't freaking hijacked. The Western media are nuts. Read about the Payne Stewart crash of 1999. Pretty much this is what happened, but this time the plane was flying over vast ocean, not Nebraska, so it was not picked up on land radar or intercepted before it ran out of fuel and crashed.
CNN has been talking a lot about the plane running out of fuel... Intentional obviously.
Australia has also been working on the rollout of its system with Indonesian authorities so that they can precisely track aircraft up to 150 nautical miles (278km) inside each country’s airspace. ADS-B has also extended real-time surveillance of air traffic out towards the boundary of Australia’s flight information region with New Zealand, so that flights can be monitored across the Tasman sea.
A spokesman for the Civil Aviation Safety Authority said virtually all commercial jets flying in Australian airspace now had the ADS-B system with the exception a handful due to be retired shortly. About 50 per cent of business jets had installed it, he said.
I cannot begin to imagine what the families of those on this flight must be going through. This is an emotional rollercoaster for them, 2 weeks of pure agony. I am sure at this point they may be hoping this is the plane so that they can finally have closure. As to what happened, we may never know.
Let's say that it turns out that this is the wreckage. What in the world would they be doing down there? If it turns out that this is the plane wreck it couldn't be intentional as they wouldn't be diverting to Antarctica. It would have to be something like hypoxia on the aircraft, similar to what happened to Payne Stewart.
I don't want to speculate on what happened, so I won't. But I will go out on a limb here and say-Time to take the ability to turn off communications from inside the plane away from anyone inside the plane. As it begins a flight, the tower would be the only one with the ability to turn on communications as it leaves the runway. As a plane lands, it can be shut off only by the tower. When in flight, towers should have the ability to download the flight report at any given time. from any air craft. It isn't helping the missing plane now, but it could help in deterring it from ever happening again and possibly some terrorist activities along the way.
The plane is not in the Maldives or the Bermuda triangle, so ignore any articles claiming such. The Air France 447 lost in the Atlantic Ocean took 2 years to find and the Amelia Earhart plane took 76 to find in the Pacific Ocean. So for the record a plane has been lost in every ocean except the Arctic.
I think that's a given. As new planes are built, they will probably emit locator pulses automatically, and manual command of beacons will surely be done away with. I presume existing planes will be retrofitted, so if you know of a public company who can do that contract work, invest in 'em.
If the tower can remotely turn it off and on, anyone can remotely turn it off and on
@Eaglestare - All good points. However, I would add one more - Live Video Stream from the cockpit that cannot be turned off.
Build a Death Star with tractor beams
Not possible. A pilot MUST be able to turn-off ANY electrical or electronic system or circuit in case of fire (short circuit or overload). You can not just walk out of a plane to escape, and you must be able to stop any source of fire quickly... or you all die.
Vipul, every ocean except the arctic? Guess we won't count the other oceans, just in case no plane was lost in them, right? For the record, I did post within my first sentence that I was NOT going to speculate, right? So why would you tell me to rule out Maldives or the Bermuda?
That's exactly where Courtney Love said the plane would be - imagine that?
Seems to be a lot of steering here taking assumptions and stating them into facts.
Cyber attack on airplane computer control or programming changed before takeoff? A lack of oxygen or cabin pressure could have gotten to the pilots before they had a chance to react and report the situation. Terrible tradgedy but it will as Amelia Earharts disapearance it is already a great mystery we all will wonder about until there is a solution. My prayers go out to those missing and to all familys involved.
The heavy news coverage of this story makes me wonder what we're NOT hearing about in the news.
The pilot knew how far it was to the deepest ocean in the remotest part of the planet during the worst weather at the exact point where it runs out of gas. No random fire or hijacking can explain that.
For all of the people saying there is no way this plane is actually missing with the teechnology we have in todays world, think again. how many times has your personal technology messed up or freaked out? it is not impossible to think there was a tech malfunction that either caused the plane to sink or a malfunction that missed tracking the plane once it went off course. After all, the technology was created by humans.
Regardless of whether or not it's the airliner, it was terrorism backed in my opinion. At the very least someone or country went to a great deal of trouble to steal it. If found there it would only mean their attempt was thwarted by either mechanical failure or the wrong coordinates were issued to the craft. If the latter then it would have veered off course and run out of fuel at some point and crashed into the ocean. Destroying the aircraft and killing those on board wasn't the motive because no one has taken responsibility. Either found or not found those responsible had or still have a much bigger plan for that plane.
hopefully this is it. The families can find peace and time can hopefully heal their pain one day.
Lets put those japanese whaling vessels to good use! This is right in their neck of the woods and they are capable of hauling large objects onto their ship.
Ya' japan is only thousands of miles to N.W.
So now it would seem there was some sort of critical failure, or perhaps two that added to each other. The pilots changed course to get below and out of busy commercial flight lanes and head back for land. Either due to incapacitation or damage to controls the plane is stuck on course until it runs out of fuel and crashes. No one is able to communicate their situation, again, either due to incapacitation or equipment damage. It seems that if they had been able, they would have ditched the plane before they got that far out.
I think most of us knew from the get-go that this wasn't going to end well. I don't mean to sound morbid or macabe, but it wouldn't be the worst thing to happen if this indeed IS wreckage from flight 370. At least after 13 days, the family members can start processing that the worst is true, and attain some closure. Now the big question(s) for the rest of the world (and the aviation industry) to find out WHAT happened, why and by who. That's easier said than done since the water is over 1,500 meters deep, making recovery inordinately difficult and lenghtly.
Except for one thing Payne Stewart's plane continued on the course programed, the course wasn't changed during flight.
There is definitely a terrorist group behind this. I believe they are throwing things in the water to throw the authorities off. You mean to tell me they knew enough to fly a 777 but they didn't know when they were going to run out of gas? They flew the plane under radar and landed it. All it takes is someone to sneak back on the plane and turn the beacon back on.
whether it went into the water or was taken, the people are dead.
Hey Steve, one other think (and this is just a possibility that was raised by some Australian journalist), it could be that the pilots knew that had some sudden big problem and quickly keyed in alternate coordinates to make the plane head out over sea, rather than land, in case the worst were to happen.
the plane is not in the maldives or the bermuda triangle so ignore any articles claiming such. the air france flight 447 lost in the atlantic took 2 years to find and the amelia earhart plane took 76 to find in the Pacific Ocean. So for the record a plane has been lost in every ocean except the arctic.
Keith G, you're talking about one of the most remote places on earth, the Southern Indian Ocean. You would have to have extremely well financed terrorists to be able to have the type of ships and fuel necessary to be able to haul big pieces of metal way out into the middle of nowhere. I'm not saying you're definitely wrong, but I think your theory is pretty far fetched.
considering that our outer space technology is better than our underwater technology. this sea trash might be hard to retrieve
The task of locating these objects will be extremely difficult and it may turn out they are not related to the search for MH370," Abbott said.
@Michael please realize that this is the comments section and some people post funny comments for likes.
The newest theory: The mermaids were ready to show atlantis to landlovers so they routed the first plane and now the world knows where atlantis is! Hooray!
taxpayer, "macabre" meaning gruesome or horrifying.
So many possibilities, God only knows the whole truth. For conspiracy theorists, there's been plenty of time for governments (pick one or more) or some other nefarious group to plant whatever evidence and fine tune what will be put out as correct info to the public
Flappy bird was theost popular mobile game of the year. now look what happened.
@Keith G, i dont think anybody is throwing an 80 ft object anywhere just to throw someone off
Showed up on a satellite photo - now it can't be located? hmmmm....
I think you meant "macabre," anyway, I haven't heard that word used since Elvira "the hostess with the mostess."
I'm still trying to figure out why OBJECTS on the image are listed as POSSIBLE OBJECTS. Just politically correct BS. It IS an object - possibly debris or a plane.
Let us know when you have something "credible" to report instead of the same rehash of rumors, theories and wild goose chases...I really feel sorry for these families. I can't even imagine.
Wouldn't it be a Kicker if the Girlfriend of the American on the plane that CNN keeps interviewing turns out to be a Disgruntled Ex & is Profiting off his Dead #$%$.
I'm really not joking but dident Courtney love have the same pics in color?
Yeah it's very similar and here claims were about 4 days ago.
It's a shipping container or two.
You got it. It's a shipping container that fell off a ship. They say it is in between 75' and 82' long. 80' is 2 shipping containers that got caught together end-to-end as they fell overboard. It can't be a part of the plane as the plane was fueled for a 2,817 miles journey. If you factor in extra fuel for holding or an emergency divert to another airport, you're talking maybe 3,200 miles at most (it's too expensive to carry gobs of extra fuel). The spot on the satellite photo they are showing is 43°58'34"S 90°57'37"E, which from wheels up at KLIA, the total journey would be 4,048 miles. Too far.
This gives Hope, one of the three great things Paul tells the Corinthians!
It took 3 days to make the find public? The debris might have drifted out several hundred kms in these days. Those 239 souls and their families!!!
It's all a cover up Mesbah. I've been saying that for a week now.
Mesbah you do realise the size of the ocean they are searching?
I agree with Lakers 44, all that media etc. is just a smokescreen to divert our attention from something totally different. Time will tell-----------------!
The families deserve closure, to know for certain their fears of loss are valid. Waiting & wondering with absolutely nothing one can do to help or make a difference is horrible.
It must be credible since this lead is not from Malaysia or China. The good news is there's another news, the bad new is it could be bad news.
oh yeah idiot...really credible...you see how they found something....uh....no...what a dolt
So finding something makes it credible, eh? Rubbish!
the only credible lead is if they actually are there and someone with expertise lays eyes on it..and has a firm belief that the debris comes from this ariplane...otherwise it is just long-odds speculation-- you idiot
and by saying that it must be credible because the Aussies say it..you are just demonstrating your racism and bigotry
No one said it's credible until now.
OSLO: Norwegian car carrier Hoegh St. Petersburg has reached the area in the southern Indian Ocean off Australia where two floating objects, suspected to be debris from the missing Malaysian jetliner, were spotted, the ship's owner said on Thursday. The above news source is Times of India.
So we both agree Betty that the car carrier was delivering cars to Antarctica, and just happened to pass by the floating objects?
Possibly media reporting or miscommunication in this communication era. It is 16th March stamped satellite image from a private company. On 20th March Aust airforce flight came back saying bad weather and high wind. Even if it is flight wreckage from 8th to 16th it could have travelled miles then again 16th to 20th. There is no real time information sharing here top of n-number of information hiding by Malaysia and few Space super powers who are not ready to reveal their strength...
Why do I still have the feeling we are NOT getting the whole story? Why ever this aircraft went missing, the powers that be do NOT want the public to know. WHY - political or ransom demands OR hostage situation to make a political point?
I pray it is. I pray this is all there is. I pray this is NOT a plant, so they can use the airplane in a nefarious ( the media has been using that word quite a bit since this disappearance happened), way. Twelve days past and those big pieces are still floating? Hmmm. I would understand small cork-like objects like seat cushions, insulation, that cannot get water-logged. But tons of metal cannot float like a container fallen from a ship. Those containers can still be floating, the Japanese tsunami showed us how resilient those 40 tons containers are at releasing the air trapped inside. But, an airplane? Unless that airplane water landed, without the wheels down, there is a possibility that the cabin could be intact. So floating for a while could be possible. But, the doors should be opened, the slides should be deployed, which means the body is allowing the water to come in. If the plane crashed, there is NO WAY the wings are intact, the body is broken up, and most pieces are down. Bodies could float, but the sea fauna would be at work to dissipate the remnants very quickly. I cannot believe that such a big piece of an airplane can still float, so long after the event. If they are airplane parts, are they parts from the 777? Easy to find out, all parts are numbered and all those numbers registered. If the plane water landed, where are the passengers? there are not enough safety boats on board to help them, and let's not count on the airline food to keep them fed for twelve days. Peanuts are not that great.
He's a terrible newsman. His voice is just monotone. UGH.
They would not have gone through all this trouble to be undected just to crash it into the ocean hundreds of miles away!! What would be the point?? but lord knows CNN will harp on this for HOURS!!! BREAKING NEWS, BREAKING NEWS, BREAKING NEWS.
When you have a 24/7 news station, you have to fill up all that air time with something, I guess, and endless speculation by moronic talking heads seems to be the answer.
A point might be to focus the world's attention on Malaysia and their corrupt political system.
It appears to be Sasquatch and the Abominable Snowman paddle boarding...
This looks strikingly similar to what Courtney Love posted yesterday. Everyone doubted her but I'd be interested to know if her reported co-ordinance are corroborated.
very strange, but Courtney Love's vision is very interesting indeed.
This proves without a shadow of a doubt that none of us are safe from spy satillites. It only took 12 days to find a molecule in a haystack. Absolutely incredible!
This is just so sad. I don't think anyone outside the family and friends circle of those missing can even start to imagine the suffering they must be going through. It's also heart-warming to see the world come together to wish them all well. Too bad it takes tragedy to bring us together as one, as mankind.
If the two possible flight paths are accurate, the southern route would almost certainly indicate an electrical short circuit, a fire or a sudden decompression. Flying towards the south pole til you run out of gas would be a strange way to commit suicide or an even stranger destination for a hijack. I think everyone on board must have been rendered unconscious very quickly either from smoke or decompression. Weren't there lithium ion batteries on board? I think the pilots turned the plane back because of a problem. If the northern route was taken, terrorism is more likely but if that was the case, there would be wreckage on land. I think this was an accident.
if sudden by not notifiy airspace? why deliberately pre-set the navigation to go west. I think after taking the plane drastically up , down, maneuvers, this is the struggle with the hijackers that caused the malfunctioning and ultimately the crash
This leaves sooo many questions...must be hard for their loved ones :(
Actually, none of that is certain. There is zero indication, base on course or anything else, that there was an electrical short circuit, fire or a sudden decompression. Any way of committing suicide is strange. And you really should quit trying to pull reasons out of your butt. Just wait till the evidence is in. You're as bad as the television reporters.
come on f, we'd loose 90% of the posts if we removed speculation from the conversation.
I totally agree with you Lawrence.. That could have very well happened..I think the media has taken this story and ran with it..
If there was such a bad fire on board that folks became unconscious, how did the plane (indicated from the pings) continue to fly for another 6hrs? Most of the speculation seen in the comments just don't make sense. I believe there was some attempt to take over the plane that went bad but no one will know for sure until the black box is recovered. Lets hope that happens.
Wouldn't those oxygen masks be deployed if a sudden decompression occurred? Regarding fire, there are fire suppression system on the plane. Also, there are more than 230 people on the plane. I am sure some passengers would help to put out the fire. Regarding electrical short circuit, giant planes like this have multiple layers of backup system. I am sure it could have made an emergency landing somewhere on land because the flight was still close by the Malaysian peninsula when communication were off.
I hope this isn't debris just for the family's sake, I hope the people are alive somewhere.
The debris has been located and investigation reveals it is just another Obama turd.
(from article) "Modern aircraft are designed to use the rush of wind to drive a small emergency turbine that keeps hydraulics and some electrical power running if the engines run out of fuel" -- this is the Auxiliary Power Unit (APU) located inside the tail of the plane (it's exhaust port is at the end of the tailcone behind the tail section). The pilot who landed his plane on the Hudson River after a flock of geesze knocked out his main engines, used the APU bleeed air to drive pneumatics for rudder, elevator & flaps, and for cabin air & presurization, as well as the APU generator capability for elecricity. Not enough thrust to drive the plane (no fan section). That flight in Hawaii, 15-20 years ago, where the fusalage roof was torn off- also used the APU to conrol cabin pressure. In both cases, the APU saved countless lives.
Wow Engineering is amazing..I never knew that, I always worried about flying international flights over water.
not really... an Auxilary Power Unit (APU) is an internal turnbine engine used primarily for electricity generation and pneumatic bleed air used to start the engines. it has no thrust capabilities. What the article is referring to is a Ram Air Turbine (RAT), which is a small wind powered turbine that supplies power to the Captain's side instrumentation panel, EICAS panel, and the most critical Hydraulic system. P.s. pneumatics dont drive any control surface they are all actuated either hydraulic or electric.... unless you are in an older A/C that has cable and pully linkage.
Wow! Thanks for the interesting information. I would like to think that they did run out of gas and tried to land on water instead of terrorism. But is sure doesn't sound like it with all of the speculation.
Wow Its nice to know that when your plane runs out of fuel, you have an extra 20 minutes to do whatever you were doing for the last 7 hours when your plane had fuel. Look out the window, comb your hair, twiddle your thumbs.....
Actually, it is the pilots who should get the credit here. All pilots should be required to get a glider license which gives them more knowledge about how to handle a plane with no engines. The pilot that landed the plane on the Hudson was an experienced, licensed glider pilot..
Homeowner is correct, the RAT drops from the center of the aircraft when certain losses are detected (i.e. a total electrical failure, etc). I know of one RAT being deployed when one of the pilots pulled each engine's N2 turbine gauge circuit breaker at the same time. The system thought both engines failed and the RAT dropped out. They flew it across the Atlantic with it out. Once it's deployed in flight it cannot be retracted. Also, there is no way an APU could have provided pressurization to the flight in Hawaii. You can't pressurize something with a great big hole in it.
Homeowner and Cave Dweller are both Idiots. What they are saying is, the writer is wrong and they are right.......HAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
The APU is nice to have, but I don't see how it could pressurize a cabin with a major section of the skin missing.
@BUFFOON. Son, just how much time do you have in a large airliner?? We did not say the writer was wrong, our response was to Hoosier Daddy, he was wrong and he was the one saying the writer was wrong by confusing a RAT with an APU. Why don't you read before you write. However, I do see you've named yourself correctly.....BUFFOON!!
Cave Dweller, shut your trap, you are wrong.
buffoon will issue an exicutave order to yahoo and have your computers shut down
I already had their brains shut down.
Very interesting information thank you gentalmen!
It must be agonizing for the families and loved ones. It is horrible to see families go through this ordeal.
I really hope this is not the end of this mystery, but do hope it is the end too, if that makes any sense. Even if this is plane debris, I doubt the bulk of it is floating around and probably somewhere at the bottom of the sea with the bodies. Then there's the black box and voice recorders...good luck finding those in such a massive area.
I went on googleDOTearth last week...at the street level I could see right into my garage with incredible detail...the interesting thing was my license plate (and those in the driveway) were blurred out. With that kind of detail and technology to blur out such a minute piece of the picture as a license plate you'd think these satellites would have multiple pictures of this plane while it was in flight...and when they spotted something on 3/16 why didn't they "track" it? This makes no sense....
It's not real time, always on, world wide coverage
You do not understand how Google gets the streetview pictures, do you?
Mik, your comments is rather goofy. Did you think that you were looking at your garage in real time? Did you go outside and wave at yourself on the PC? That picture exists because Google has people drive down every road in the US and take pictures as they drive tied to GPS, not because a satellite can look in your garage. And ever if Google did pay boats to take pictures of every inch of the ocean (why?) those would be years or decades old when they are viewed. Maybe a time machine where we can go back and stop the flight is more reasonable, eh?
Having a photo from 3/16 doesn't mean the spotted it within 5 minutes!
google's sat images are compiled maybe every 2 years. The picture of your driveway was actually a car with cameras on the roof "Google Maps Car". Automated software detects and removes things like license plates, wheel rims, faces, etc.
ok. so that is two different technologies. The satellite images google use come form the same sources they are using for this search. The ability google earth gives you to see in your garge comes from a 360 degree camera mounted on a car that drives these streets. there is no reason constantly take updates images of the ocean
I'm with ya mik. They give the details about flight time to get to a possible siteing. then say they only have 2 hours of fuel time left to search. when there is Austrailian airports whith in minutes. If it was putin missing they would find him in minutes. Someone is very embarrest and doesn't want the truth found. SOMETHING STINKS !!!!!!!!! (oh I guess its not jet fuel)
I hope the families attain closure for the loss of their loved ones.
My son is homeschooled, and this morning I taught him about the 24 hour news cycle. I brought him to the supermarket and we stood outside. He asked 50 people as they came out what country the plane belonged to that disappeared two weeks ago. Out of 50 people, five knew the country, fifteen said China, eight said India, twenty two had no idea. Fourteen did not know a plane had disappeared.
All 50 know what's up with Justin Bieber or the Kardashians. That's what's important!
Thats 64, I thought you only asked 50 people?
good luck with the home schooling with math like that ;)
Think he meant 14 of the 22 who had no idea where the plane originated also didn't know about the plane disappearing. If you add the first four numbers up you get 50 :)
Now you know there are many ignorant people in this world. I would say the plane maybe belongs to Eskimo no ? maybe Malaysia Yes ?
That poor kid has my condolences.
Please do not come down on Frank so hard, because he was also home schooled !
Wow, what a huge number of ignorant, hateful people. Fourteen of the 22, you morons. Personally, I could care less what anyone thinks of myself or what I do. My kid has a tested IQ of 139, which is a direct result of not dumping him into a #$%$ public school system. Anyone who knows anything about homeschooling knows it is the best thing to do, if you can afford it and have the ability and patience. My kid doesn't even know who Justin Beiber IS. Anyways, putting the losers aside, it was astounding to see the ignorance of common people.
There's a lot of speculation about who/what is responsible for this mysterious disaster and I keep going back to the 2 passengers with false ID's. If these are remnants of the plane, the rest of it could be anywhere in the bottom of the sea with all the passengers. Next mystery is to find the black box and voice simulator in that massive area. Time is running out for that and I will be very surprised if they do find them. Pure insanity all the way around!
You just gotta hear CNN's theory and speculation about this. This pathetic cable network has been running the most idiotic theories that any human could come up with, under the guise of expert analysis. What an absolute joke. This is how low "journalism" has fallen.
Survivors?-don't fly but enjoy sailing stories-especially those about around the world solo races. Almost every year yachtsmen die in roarin' 40's, sheeting ices up, boats capsize, sailors have been known to simply jump overboard in despair. 20-30ft waves of ice cold water dominate the area-hypothermia would set in at around 15 minutes.
For the worlds safety, lets just hope it did crash over the ocean and is not in the hands of terrorists being outfitted for something bad.
I feel so sorry for that lady at the news conference crying and the media just swarming her like rabid dogs.
I don't think his games and deleted ones are suspicious. He was just playing a game!
They found the Mary Celeste. Mystery solved.
This seems like a physical manifestation of the Lost TV show.
Why are the images released so small?
Definitive proof of a crash will be the only thing that will allow the families to deal with this. There cannot be closure with just a disappearance.
Also seen in the grainy photo, Bigfoot, Jimmy Hoffa, Barack Obamas Hope and Change, The killers OJ has been looking for.
This will be another GOOF UP like Chinese Satellite spotting plane "objects" in China Sea..!! Chances are they may be found to be some sunk fishing trawler or marine container metal sections /parts lying there for some time and NOT fuselage parts of missing Malaysian airline flight MH370. Sure, Satellite had picked up some metal objects lying in the Ocean waters. WHERE is the missing plane then..???!!! Verified facts but IGNORED by MAL and FAA and CIA..!: 1. Around 6.15 AM local time on March 8, as per local newspapers report in Maldives (a small Island Nation located South West of INDIA) some people on a remote island (Kuda Huvadhoo) an Atoll saw a Jumbo jet (777) FLYING at very low altitude (escaping the RADAR range) matching the missing airline as they claimed they saw white and red stripes on the plane. 2. The route (path) taken by flight MH370 after turning LEFT around 1.07AM (after the Co Pilot saying - Alright and Good Night) and flying West and later on a zig zag path with a programmed flight path (as claimed by MAL) clearly indicates the plane was heading toward Maldives and possibly beyond.The charted path (ARCs) shown in CNN by experts was based on assumption and previous contact points. The plane with "cut off" communication flew for nearly 8 hrs and 25 minutes when it was spotted in Maldives 3. Maldives is 3 hours behind Malaysia time and the "sighting" proves missing flight MH370 was in air at 9.15 AM as per Kualalumpur time. The Boeing 777 normally flies at 520 miles/Hr while cruising but could also fly at 250 - 300 miles/hr to stay longer time in the air. Malaysian authority had claimed the plane had FUEL for about 7 flight hours (while flying toward Shangai) but went OFF the communication network after changing the course (willingly by the PIlot or forced by someone who took control of the #$%$ pit) 4. The latest "Co-ordinates" given by Malaysian authority asking INDIA to search on 3/19 while dozens of Ships and planes are searching the southern Indian Ocean west of Australia is puzzling as the sighting by Islanders in Maldives which flew at very low altitude. 5. It is possible there was fire on board at flight controls impacting the communication and transponder while the chief Plot tried to turn back to nearset and safest airport (Langkawi) flying over the Ocean avoiding the ridges flying back to Kulalumpur who kept the plane on AUTO PILOT with a modified flight path. The smoke generated could have incapaciated the Pilots and passengers at 35000 feet (while heading back) and the plane kepy flying in the set path at lower altitude while approaching the Langkawi airport (13000 feet run way) but the Pilot became unconscious and possibly DEAD by then with all passengers. 6. The Plane flew inits path until the fuel ran out flying past Maldives. It is likely the plane hit the waters west of Maldives and sank possibly intact as it was flying low at about 250 MPH. If it was an act of terrorism or hijacking with limited fuel onboard, it was not a RISK. 7. The Pilot ried his best to save the plane and passengersbut did not make it because he was incapaciated by a smoke or a crack in fuselage (causing rapid decompression) killing all while he tried to head back to the nearset airport setting it on auto pilot..!!
Correctio to para 6 - If it was a hijacking the need to fly to a remote or known airport (hide out) would not last beyond the plane's ability to fly. So it was a risk to any hijacker. As the plane was spotted over Maldives at 6.15 AM local time, flying below 5000 or less feet, it is not possible to fly close to West of Australia from there as the plane did not have fuel to fly that far heading to south of Indian Ocean. Malaysia is now convinced about sighting of the plane over the Maldives island and the NEW coordinates are in this direction and loaction not far from Maldives. Soon, the Indian Navy warships or its Planes will locate the debris in Indian Ocean possibly in south west direction.
I am sticking to my wacko theory. China population got wipe out by big asteroid in 2025. Time travelers from the future hijacked the plane to repopulate China.
Here we go again, liberal media suggesting a fire and ghost plane. No terrorism.
Blacks make up 13.5% of the population of the United States and commit 70% of the crime. Muslims make up 23% of the world's population and commit 99.9% of the bombings and skyjacking. Numbers do not lie and are not polically correct.
you are a nasty piece of work. Not sure what blacks in the USA have to do with a missing Malaysian plane, except as an excuse for you to vent racism and hatred. I also think any speculation about ghost planes and fires is not driven by political persuasion. Get a grip. Be an adult.
Muslims are all crazy, nut-case, hate filled people. Can sleeper cell Muslims be named Bill.
I hope they at least find some thing to do with the plane just so people of the world, most importantly the family's can know if their Sons/Daughters etc are either deceased or alive.
I am surprised that the govt. is not looking into Google location services. Obviously some people on the plan had to have cell phones and google tracks every move you make on with you phone. So pull all those records from google and booom... you find the missing plan.
I thought the same thing. Plus family members said they called. Wouldn't those calls register on the website, radar or with the cell phone company as to where those calls went?
It shouldn't take that long for satellite images to narrow down areas, especially with so many looking. Heck when you zoom in, google earth map 8.202512, 93.202532 looks more promising but I hope I'm wrong and it can just be over.
More BS games, I bet $100 dollars that image is not the jet liner. Why does everyone have to jump in with their BS. This is as they say a game show on steroids and the families are the true victims. China! Where are you, we expect this behavior from Obama but he’s to busy picking his basketball winners while Putin is picking his next annexation of a country. Europe, you’re as stupid and naïve as Obama. Putin is coming for you and Obama is no General Eisenhower, FDR, Montgomery or Winston Churchill. You European idiots have better start building a defensive line in the sand or you’re going to get run over by the new great USSR. Listen to Putin and how he talks; he sounds “Rhetoric” exactly like Adolf Hitler, invading countries to save his own people and his biggest lie to England, no intentions of moving or expanding his military venture. When Putin moves into eastern Ukraine that will be the sign he plans on going all the way to England. Bloody Brits better wake up, how soon we forget. Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz boom!!!!!!
focus Dog, focus... remember you were talking about the jet liner... so anyway as you were saying, how could China have helped anymore with this airliner investigation?
I apologize big kahlua, I must have stated negative opinions towards your fool messiah president. I am in focus; I see the big picture not like your limited mind allows you. China could have told Malaysia to come forth with the truth or they would nuke them, just as Obama should nuke Ukraine than say to Putin, now you have nothing to conquer. Your turn, I’ve given you plenty to say.
This just doesn't add up, that the plane would take off with its systems appearently functioning normally, divert one hour into the flight, have mechanisms turned off that impact the detection and control of the flight, only to divert hours towards Antarctica. Unless of course this was an attempt to hide the incident of a hijacking or suicide hijacking. The other important thing is there are thousands of miles of ocean and extensive amounts of trash, debris, and even abandoned boats or other garbage in the ocean. For example, garbage heaps can be rather large in size. While it is mindful to pursue a good lead at this point, I can only think that this jet ending up near Antactica heading the oppisite direction of where it was planned suggests concealment or a very rare multi-system situation. What I find peculiar is that the pane diverted around 1 am and supposedly flew for another six hours (or could have landed somewhere), but even if it were lost due to a navigation failure, the sun would be rising about this time allowing for a visible horizon to help pilots navigate the plane. I also find it odd that originally when this story was brought by the media indications were that this plane only had 4-5 hours of fuel onboard and this article suggests 6-7 hours of fuel onboard suggesting inaccurate reports from Malaysian officials, the aircraft was onboarded with more fuel than manifested, otherwise this location would be out of logical fuel range of the aircraft when it diverted near Vietnam. This is a sad situation for the victims and families of this case. Its like an ebb and flow of possibilities that cause extra stress. If anything is learned from this case it should be that media and leaders of nations around the world are careful about how, what, and when information about incidents like this are released. Most of the information released has only caused extra agony while admittedly some is necessary to rule out possible explanations. My prayers go out to the victims and families in this incident and for humanity to learn from example.
Finding debris right there doesn't mean it crashed right there --- did you read how they threw out marking buoys because they know it could travel long distances in a day or two?
Of course it ads up, there was a fire or other problem, they turned around to land. On the way back the crew succumed to smoke or whatever and died. Plane keeps flying till its out of fuel
It's a shipping container that fell off a ship. They say it is in between 75' and 82' long. 80' is 2 shipping containers that got caught together end-to-end as they fell overboard. It can't be a part of the plane as the plane was fueled for a 2,817 miles journey. If you factor in extra fuel for holding or an emergency divert to another airport, you're talking maybe 3,200 miles at most (it's too expensive to carry gobs of extra fuel). The spot on the satellite photo they are showing is 43°58'34"S 90°57'37"E, which from wheels up at KLIA, the journey would be 4,048 miles. Too far.
D, hey Stupid, how come no one called for help?......IDIOT.
I spent a couple of tours with the Navy flying in P2s and P3s off the coast of Asia, and other areas in the Pacific. Debris is very difficult to see from the air, but some airborne equipment on the search planes can see very small objects. Surface conditions and weather can hamper a search, but not totally defeat it. What is troubling about this latest discovery is the fact that the debris is actually quite large, but authorities say they cannot tell what it is. Modern satellites have the resolution to display a very small object, in detail, from orbit. It seems that there would be enough satellite coverage of this part of the world for one of the agencies to be able to spot, and identify, any objects found. With so many resources available, at least one should be able to determine whether or not this debris is worth finding and recovering.
These are the same satellites with which they claimed they could know every time saddam hussein farted in the 90s. But They can't see a plane now?
A lot depends on the type of satellite for the resolution. A commercial company probably would not have used high resolution over a desolate part of that ocean. Most images are not realtime. They are recorded and someone painstakingly goes over the images after it has been down loaded. Our spy satellites have very good resoltion, but they have to be at the right orbit. At this point, I suspect any country using spy satellites will simply let the some ship confirm whether it is the missing plane since it is on route. They do not want to give out details of their resolution capabilities. The article was a bit confusing in that it talked about the planes, but then said at the very end that the planes were called off AND then started talking about the salellite and debris found. On a side note, if a spy satellite had picked up the wreckage, I suspect that they would "suggest" to a civilian satellite agency (NOAH, NASA, etc) to look in that area.
Those fancy satellites are usually military ones and they are on other more interesting orbits. If you want to see what those commercial satellite pictures look like go to Tomrod, you are given satellite pictures to study to look for debris.
Ok, so I know that I know nothing about planes so my comment here will be met with jeers, I'm sure BUT is there a possibility that someone stowed away on the plane somehow, someway, someone who would have a reason to hijack a plane for whatever purpose? Secondly, (again my ignorance of such matters is slightly overwhelming) but is it possible for someone on ground somewhere to hack into a plane's computer system and shut down/redirect its computers? If possible, could this be a trial run for some significant future hostage/ransom situation. Have they been able to look past the very obvious pilots on board to perhaps check into anyone else trying to gain experience in flying a 777? I watch too much TV, but is it possible for someone to acquire a look-alike mask of the said pilots and board in their stead, to steal the plane? I mean really, the scenarios are endless.
A highjacking is certainly possible, but nobody has claimed responsibility. As to the other. The systems on these planes are stand alone (not networked).
duhh geez pam....youze better call dem searchers cuz izza sure bet they aint tot of dose tings
Gee whiz fella's I was just asking. I already felt like a dope in the asking. Did you have to show off your ignorance as well in the commenting? Thank you Brian for not treating me like I'm totally brainless.
I'm only kidding Pam. *shuffling feet, looking down.*
Yahoo recycle the news by simply editing the headline... I thought they already picked the debris.
Our local news said the Australians gave up the search, that it was nothing and that was last night.
I wonder why no terrorist group has claimed this hijacking. Just a thought, but maybe they really do have the plane and are planning a sneak attack.
There are some groups that have claimed it who aren't considered "credible", whatever that means. And if this was some kind of practice run or failed to accomplish what the hijackers wanted to do, they wouldn't claim it either.
If this is the plane - why destroy it? To make a point? A disgruntled terrorist killing himself along with 239 innicents does nothing to further their cause. Just shows what cowards they are.
Next they'll be saying its in California. I have lost respect for these so called officials heading up this investigation. I see it as a ruse, they don't must not want to find a crashed airplane due to poor maintenance because they would be sued into bankruptcy. If the plane were hijacked then it's not the airlines fault and they would get a possible bail out from their government. There is more to this than they are telling us.
At this point I believe there's more of a CYOA going on with cooperating governments to lie to the people. I'm with those who suspect the plane landed somewhere in Pakistan. Regardless of the plane's whereabouts, I wouldn't hold out any hope at all for the passengers and crew members with the exception of the one responsible for diverting the plane.
Not ANY credible leads as yet.
The Zombie" flight option is the most viable.We got the bad news, the 777 had a massive malfunction adn all the passengers died when it hit 45K and then the pilots died and the plane kept going on autopilot until it ran out of gas.
You can fly a 777 all day at 450 with no problems at all.
Not true, thats not what the simulator guy said on CNN, 42K is the limit.45K starts to screw up, everything.
You dont understand, the plane's total system CRASHED like our computers and even the oxygen shut of, everyone died on that plane when it hit 45K then the auto pilot brought it down to 25K ,then 35K till it ran out of gas, do you think terrorists would be that dumb to do nothing and just fly it towards the south pole until it ran out of gas?? no, no one had control over this monster flying computer.
saml, I've been a pilot for 33 years. 1st off there is no oxygen in the plane other than emergency oxygen for the pilots, passengers, and remainder of the crew. If you have decompression, you have to descend immediately. The plane pressurized which allows the atmosphere inside the plane to be breathable. I don't know where to start with you to help you understand.
THe guy on CNN is a 777 pilot and I got my info from him. I don't know where to start with you to help you understand the point a 30 yr veteran of the 777 made on CNN.You don't have info on the inner workings of that big huge flying computer system cause that's what the 777 is.Perhaps the systems can shut off and crash and nothing works but the autopilot,perhaps at 45K feet(did you read the info on the planes ascend????) the oxygen masks became obsolete or simply broke down, that's about the area where I would surmise everyone died. They say the plane can sustain awfull damage at 45K 42K is the ceiling, did you know that about 777's.I found out all this cause Im watching all the experts on CNN.I take what they say at face value not someone posting on yahoo ,sorry.but your obtuse attitude with me is not warranted when I received my info from experts on cable.
Perhaps the transponder shut off as the first mechanism to this huge computer crash,perhaps the autopilot stayed engaged thru this entire ordeal,perhaps there was a huge fre in the cockpit and they tried to set the controls to turn back to the airport or the closest one AS THE SYSTEMS BEGAN SHUTTING DOWN and it created a PANIC in the cockpit.The hijack theory is NONSENSE at this point becasue there were no reasons to fly for 7 hours, and simply wait for the plane to run out of fuel, its a dumb move and hijackers wouldnt make a dumb move like that and if it was pilot suicide,why not crash the plane 15 minutes into the flight as air egypt did, to get to cape cod from JFK only takes 25 minutes.
Unless the data is top secret related, release the the related image data, internnet users maybe help studying/searching ... Just a thought.
I would be interested to know just how much this search has cost. It is amazing how much we will spend looking for bones, including m.i.a. To me, dead is dead. But I do understand the need for answers to avoid a repeat. And before anyone gets their panties in a wad, I am a V.N. vet and believe in "no man left behind", but that presumes he is alive.
If you had a loved one on that plane, you'd feel very differently about it.
What's amazing is I've been told some time ago by reliable sources that we can only view things from satellite no closer google earth can. However the US government can read the date on a dime on the ground. I kind of think there is something they aren't telling us here.
likely no satellites were targeting that area. they must be aimed, and the higher magnifications mean they image less area.
Why in the world don't black boxes transmit all information wirelessly, why don't they have global gps. No need to find a needle in a hay stack with gps, and no need for recovery if unrecoverable, it's wireless.
Wireless signals would have a hard time reaching the surface from some of the deep depth of the ocean.
@Cybberia "Wireless signals would have a hard time reaching the surface from some of the deep depth of the ocean." Maybe but that's the deepest how about less deep, very remote land side of a mountain,ect., Maybe their is new technological antena, maybe the signal is far enough. How about wireless transmission burst upon event trigger or secudal timmer, or 24/7 365 when the plane is running to some storage server.
@TRIUMPH "BTW, Black Boxes, are ORANGE" I was hoping for red white and blue, but whatever.
Hope it's not debris from the Tsunami that hit Japan about 2 years ago.
The largest of the French Antarctic Islands is Kergulen Island, which would be more consistent with the reported current position of the debris.
It's just some illegal aliens floating in the wrong direction. Once they hit land, they will rapidly invade that country
I attended a Tea Part meeting last night and they have good intel that this is orchestrated by Obama to deflect attention from his failed policies....he was buddies with the pilot, both raised in Indonesia, the co-pilot was the designer of Michelle's inaugural dress. The lamestream media doesn't want to touch this as they are in Obama's pocket...as are the CIA, FBI, Pentagon, Federal Reserve, Supreme court, and Putin.
I hope they find the wreckage and that it has not sunk too deep that the remains can no longer be recovered. may the families of the passengers of the flight find peace and that their questions be answered.
WoW, right where they figured it could be, after checking the satellite information and the amount of fuel they had. Sounds like they landed in the ocean. Now they need to find out why.
At this point what difference would it make.
It will be just a little difficult to find out why they did it, when everyone has been under water for a while. That tends to limit conversation.
The images were made with a US satellite. The seal in the upper right is the National Geospacial Agency, Washington DC. We must have an imagery sharing agreement with Australia. Now we need ground, or sea, confirmation that the objects are from the 777.
With what Russia is currently doing in Crimea and Ukraine, and how much propaganda is its kicking out about the u.s. being secretly involved having flown the plane to Diego, one might start to think Russia may be involved. Think about it, it would give them distraction for a couple weeks having many countries looking for this plane. Also, the last time I checked, they hadnt thoroughly checked their passenger on the plane. I'm not saying they're guilty of anything, but it would provide them some much needed distraction for what they are currently doing.
There where no Russian's on the plane, so who would do this for Russia?
My shirtless photo- before you comment do a simple google search. There was 1 Russian and 2 from ukrain.
I Just don't understand why all of the sudden they are so sure that the plane is in a remote part of the Indian Ocean. A few days ago they were convinced that it had been hijacked and flown to some secret air base. It makes no sense that the plane would fly for 7 hours out in to the middle of nowhere, however there are two possible scenarios 1. The Powers that be know what happened to the plane, but cannot and will not ever reveal the fate of the plane to the public. However, they have to end this story somehow, so they are going to plant fake plane wreckage in the Indian Ocean and come up with some ridiculous reason why it crashed. 2. On board the plane, there was a sudden outbreak of a terrible disease, alomst like a zombie apocalypse type scenario, and the pilots knew that the only way to save humanity would be to crash that plane as far away from civilization as possible. So they bolted the cockpit door, flew out over the ocean till they ran out of gas and ditched, hoping never to be found. I hope they find something soon...
Zombie apocalypse??? You've been watching too much TV.
They're trying to confuse us all to get the heat off of someone. We may as well decide the plane was taken by aliens--It makes as much sense, which is none at all.
I'm really getting tired of all of this zombie nonsense!
Lol for the sec suggestion ,
Everything is recorded by satellite camera...they can spot an ant walking on earth from space, yet they cant figure out where a jumbo airline went? there is no debris underwater, no footage of it in the sky when replaying what was recorded that day, nobody even tried calling from their phones, nothing. This wreckage is something else. The plane just vanished into thin air to the human eye. This is shameful. Very embarrassing. We will never admit that it was sucked into a parallel universe vacuum, and probably landed safely in that parallel universe. Sadly anything that goes in that universe never comes back to this one though.
I think we are being fed misleading information.
I guess the satellite camera ran out of flash bulbs.
Nah this is going to be some more floating junk from some thing else, if it were from the plane there would be a trail of junk and fuel traces and bodies floating in life jackets, it is another roose to devert the truth of what really happened to that plane, this is a major cover up for some reason. Our satelights read your license plate from 250 miles up and tell you if your car is in the driveway on google and they track all flights with the NSA. This is another cover up of some plott for sure and they don't want the public to know, in other words they got caught with their pants down again on some risky scheam!
It is a Government cover up protecting Martians who vaporized the plane a is now in a secret cave on Plant Mars.
@David I know your "trying" to be "funny" But you state they vaporized the plane and yet it's on a secret cave in mars. So which joke is it that it's on mars or was vaporized cause the two things don;t go hand in hand
Break up of this air plane would have a trail of parts running for miles behind it after 12 days, not to mention bodies life jackets seat cushions and God knows what in the cargo bays.....
Hillary asked how many life boats were on this plane?
life boat were on a plane? hmmmmmm i need to think that,,it gets me loading.. when that happened
While I have the deepest hope for the exact story to be unfold and any survivors to come through for the sake of the families and of course our curiosities, its kind of funny reading through many speculations and all sorts of possible scenarios befell flight MH370. I could not help but throw in my possible imagination which I have never read anywhere since the start of this unfortunate event. Since it has now come to the fore this methodical shutdown is a work of an experienced person/s, it is also highly likely that they have also planned someone/ship to pick them up from a particular area. Who knows they may have jumped out of the plane with parachutes on and let the plane fly the full distance to divert any attention from the real location they landed. There you go, if this ever turns out right or very much near it, you have heard it from me :) And i would like to copyright my finding...no one else should repeat it without my permission .. lol
@ Nuu - my guess would be that had you had family members on this plane, you wouldn't be posting like such a jak #$%$, nor would you be ending your post with the hillbilly phrase "lol".
I don't believe the plane crashed. and debris in the ocean is nothing new. Compassion for the families involved, but something is very wrong about this, and I think whoever masterminded it, did good job of fooling the World.. We shall see.
It's a shame that these things keep happening but no one is willing to address the need for waterproof planes.
You bet, and don't forget running into a mountail proof, and fireproof and explosion proof. You need to get your butt to engineering school and fix this. Perhaps Boeing or Airbus will recognize your talent and cognitive abilities and hire you without the schooling.
You mention Airbus exactly my point. In stead of just slapping a couple wings on a bus and flinging it into the sky, maybe they should build a plane from scratch where the wings are also water flippers. Food for thoughts.
Well didn't they already determine the flight plan was changed?
A heard a guy on CNN talk about govts not wanting to" show their hands"sattelite Image abilities to that of other countries.I don't know If that's true but It wouldn't surprise me.
Break my arss.. This is going on 15 hours, and unless evidence is being planted, which with all the globalist governments involved, who knows?! Yet, this ain't it!! This plane was jacked, and is sadly in the Middle East with your typical every day Muslim terrorists to be used at a later date! Though, CNN must carry the monopoly on this story.. While Obama plays slight of hand with Russia further pushing us into WW3, and ramps up the heinous Trans Pacific Partnership, we have the goons at CNN doing their best Scooby Doo! Somebody save Anderson Cooper! Glenn Beck, the Blaze could use another decent journalist or panel member.. I am serious!
Here's a theory for you since we are speculating these days. Why would any world power or country want to release sat photos that show off there capabilities to spy on objects floating in the sea or on land masses down to identification marks? I am sure Uncle Sam wouldn't since they have the capability of showing the dimples on a golf ball on a aircraft carrier flight deck. Think about this, would China, Russia, Germany any power give us the data to play with, don't think so.
Or looking over your shoulder at your cell phone from the heavens and telling you the number you just dialed!
I've seen what Jack Bauer can get Chloe to send to his phone screen... scary stuff. ; P Thermal imaging of a building, hi-def sat imaging...
You can see this ability on the weather maps just zoom in on your house and see where your car is parked. you can see what is in the back yard of the place with the high fence nexr door. it is so easy. is Google street view I saw the air conditioner company truck when they replaced my unit. that was 5 months earlier. it is not live photos but hay you are on camera when you are outside. it is like on ' person of interest '..
wow is war all men think about? scary
Since it has been nearly two weeks since the plane had trouble. This debris has likely drifted very far from where the plane actually went down. If there was 8 hours max fuel on board. If spotting in southern Maldives at 6:15 AM local time is correct. Allowing for the 2 hour time zone difference. This plane went down Southeast of Maldives or within a few hundred miles of Diego Garcia. I think all the families can hope for is an end to the wait.
Hey STUPID, ever hear of tides?......they go out and come back in.
They proved that it WASN'T spotted in the Maldives
And if it was flying at extremely low altitude, it wouldn't get nearly as far on that fuel.
I still think those fishermen need to be interviewed more closely as to where they were located when they saw the low flying plane.
Idyots all of them...the idyot searchers for saying things before they are sure, the idyot ravenous media for hyping and exaggerating every bit of speculation..and the idyot public for taking a shred of speculation and then believing it and further making claims about it. We live in an idyot world.....the searchers should shut the hell up until they actually find it.
I believe it is a simple case of a plane crash. Conspiracy theories existed since the day of Adam and Eve but I don't buy any of it. Anything could have happened such as various electrical or engineering malfunction. The weather could have played a role for the missing plane. Media tends to make up stories for coverage and ratings. The only conspiracy theories I have yet to hear is the plane got abducted by aliens. I hope this situation get resolved and victims families find some sort of closure.
If you dont include a hijacking in that analysis you are left ith lots of loose ends.
How about a hijacking that was eventually thwarted by the passengers, but in the course of that the plane spiked to 45,000 ft and that triggered a pressure event that no one could deal with in time, all died, and the plane then drifted on autopilot over the south seas.
The liberals will have you believe that it's Adam and Steve.
No. Liberals will likely say Adam and Eve never existed you delusioned, feeble minded GIT.
I see the conservative minds hard at work here.
My heart and prayers go out to the families of these soules. God bless them. Its a real tough quandary You can t blame the Airline or officials , yet the families seek answers. to a question to be unanswered anytime soon sad. god bless them all
The oceans are filled with trash, some of it small, some of it large. I certainly hope they find this missing plane. But to call this a good lead is certainly a stretch at this point. And with the nincompoops in Malaysia running the search, chances of finding this plane are slimmer and slimmer every day.
How can anyone tell from these images exactly what they are or how big they are? In the water, they seem larger then they may actually be. For the sake of closure to the families, I hope it is so they and we all know what happened to flight 370. If this was their fate, may they rest in peace.
Underwater they seem larger than they may actually be. On the surface sizing is pretty true.
I like the instrument fire theory. It's simple and the most plausible. There was a major fire in the cockpit, the pilots had just enough time to turn around before they died, then the plane just sort of free flew for a couple hours.
But wouldn't there be some debris somewhere? Not a bad theory?
I suggest working it like a math problem instead of randomly looking for clues. Notice that any two of the unknown variables completes the equasion and offers dirrection. Example; Who + Why = Where, Where + Why = Who and Who + Where = Why. Speculate on any two of the variables and then seek evidence to to confirm or deny the equasion. They have plenty of facts suggesting that someone took the aircraft for some unknown purpose and that information was provided that appears to have been used to intentionally mislead and delay search activities. Also, no demands have been made, this suggests the passengers were the objective in the form of forced intellectual labor or that the aircraft was the objective. I would use the available data to form theoretical conclusions and work to prove a theory instead of just searching for clues without dirrection.
Yes the application of logic seems to be missing in this incident. Is it on purpose?
Somebody just took a logics class. How about this Alan: Young muslims + stolen passports = missing airliner
Pull My Finger, very funny, now all you have to do is prove your theory, Haha.
I think that such methods can help organize data and prevent going in circles. Someone went through a lot of trouble to pull this off so I suspect they achieved thier goal. Suggesting this was a suicide or accident for example is in my opinion, misdirection.
this is gonna be unsolved, why don't they just pick the cargo before it took off, all this collateral damage what for? finding the black b. won't solve if it has been planned. (just voice recording won't prove any if u got gun in your head).
Who wants to bet? IF they find the plane and IF they recover the CVR (Cockpit Voice Recorder), they'll find that it too had been turned off. The flight data recorder, if found, will show that the plane was flying at such and such a speed and at such and such an altitude, etc. But this won't explain anything, will it?
why not report just the facts after the pieces have been picked up... there is so much garbage in the ocean it could be anything.
Probably tons of trash from a cruise ship. You do know they dump thousands of pounds of trash in the ocean annually right?
funny username, lol. they mentioned that one of the debris was 75 ft. long so unlikely it would be trash.
I fear the likelihood of any survivors on this flight is about zero....so I do hope, for the peace of mind of all the friends and family of those on board, the wreckage is found. Knowing nothing is about the worst hell there could be. The mystery of exactly what happened and who was responsible will probably never be more than conjecture and theories,since governments will lie before they tell the truth every time, but the living need to be able to put their loved ones to rest, in their minds, if nothing else.
Families and friends need closure. Keep them in your thoughts or prayers if you believe.
Do you really think there is a possibility they will find the rest of the plane in those waters? This whole thing just breaks my heart.
the plane is not in the maldives or the bermuda triangle so ignore any articles claiming such. the air france flight 447 lost in the atlantic took 2 years to find and the amelia earhart plane took 76 to find in the Pacific Ocean. So for the record a plane has been lost in every ocean except the arctic.
Pray for us as well who have to put up with Obozo for another 3 years..
I'm tired of all the speculations. They should only do a report when they actually have some hard evidence of what really happen to the plane.
Extraterrestrials I say again Extraterrestrials have flight MH370 the B777 in the Mother Ship and it continued to fly around in the mother ship forever or till the extraterrestrials are done with their experiments. What a perfect place to hide a mother ship in the south Indian ocean or North antarctic 1500 miles from the closest land mass.
Mathematics applied to the ping sequence transmission and satellite receipt times pointed the way. Of course the commenting public didn't het it.
"het"? Did you mean bet or let or set or met or net or jet or pet or vet or wet or "get"?
@Tammy...B#TCH you dont have nothing better to do than correct someone's grammar?
Closure would be nice as this situation approaches 2 weeks. Would be nice if the plane did land in some obscure place, but either way I know the families are going crazy day after day.
I will be the first to say I was wrong, but this too may be another assumption. I will not not for sure until the data comes back when the debris is retrieved.
You will not not for sure? Have fun then with your not notting.
I have maintained since day one that, the plane was taken for a reason but if this is part of the plane....well, we can be grateful it is no longer a threat to anyone else. The plane needed to be found and not to sound cold or unkind but "not just for the sake of families or passengers."
not sure if this satellite photo is any part of the plane, but it could be. the chances of it actually being any wreckage of the plane is probably slim, but it needs to be checked out first. hopefully this is part of the plane, and the next step would be actually locating the rest of the 777, get the black boxes and find out what really happened. good luck with that.
It doesn't look like anything to me. I hope I'm wrong though and it is part of the missing plane.
Something else does figure into all this. With all those passengers not a one saw anything out of the ordinary or sensed something wrong with the planes descent to call back home about it. Even during 9/11 family received calls from passengers on the plane that crashed in PA. I personally feel this was a deliberate act of terrorism, and I also believe our government and others know something but have chosen not to share it. They're 'playing dumb' so the terrorists will continue to their next move and then 'SURPRISE'. Just my opinion, but heck, it's just as good as all the conjectures being made by these so-called experts. For such a sophisticated spying program we have in place I suppose to believe they can't account for anything. They can pinpoint a face on the street from satellite in the sky, get to the moon, build drones, etc. but they can't find a plane?????
gosh this has been explained so many times cell phones don't work with out cell towers..there are no cell phone towers on the ocean or in the air.... chances are when they took the plane up to 45,000 feet no one was awake to do anything...
isnt it amazing how stupid people are about the cellphones.
Scurds, there are, regretfully, a bunch of folks who believe that if a cell phone is on it will work as far as being able to text and talk are concerned.
I wonder if the plane landed in the nearby island where there are military bases and fuel, deserted mostly at night, once in a trip to South America we were diverted a needed fuel, we then landed in a small military base in the middle of nowhere and refueled using the plane's CREDIT CARD, now why to go to all that trouble to then ditch the plane in the Indian Ocean, perhaps they wanted a passenger or passengers and not the plane, and why none one is talking about the two Iranians with the stolen passports, since freaking BIN LADEN nobody is safe anywhere
folks, what happened to this plane was simple, it was called the "zombie option". The 777 had a catastrophic mechanical failure and everything stopped working,probably the toilets couldnt even flush.This caused an instant death in the plane once the plane went up to 45K all the ogygen masks stopped working with this total mechanical shutdown. Boeing won't allow CNN to cover this option. I was watching Les the guest 777 pilot who is the only person who believes this option happened. It's so logical.Everything stopped working on this plane and for boeing,this is a terrifying thing cause no one will want to fly the 777 knowing a catastrophe malfunction can happen with this relatively "newer" aircraft. only about 15 yrs old. Well, we got the bad news, theres a massive malfunction in this computer airplane that can shut down every circuit that's why the pilots were even unable to scream a mayday cause every communication device INCLUDING THE SATTELIGHT phones, malfunctioned. THIS IS WAHT HAPPENED TO THIS PLANE FOLKS! Everything that happened was obvious with an auto pilot taking over the captain and it merely flew until it ran out of gas, all the passengers were dead the first 30 minutes of the flight when the plane went up to 45K, they had no ogygen and the masks stopped working, everyone died first 30 minutes of the flight and the plane coasted like a rudderless ship, for 7 more hours.
Hey Stupid, why don't you tell the investigators?.....i'm sure they could use a good laugh.
fuck you douchbag, its the only viable option you stain
saml must have been on board. Please tell the investigators what happened.
Good theory.... except for one thing. IF the plane experienced a "total mechanical shutdown" and went into "Zombie mode" (your words) the plane would have behaved much line a thrown rock (e.g. rapidly decreasing altitude and forward momentum). Remember, the plane, even when flight configured, relies on the forward thrust provided by the engines to maintain altitude. Without forward thrust, altitude rapidly decays. (Any plane losing its engines would experience the same phenomenon. The only way to delay the inevitable would be to change flap settings). Soooo, with a 'total mechanical shutdown" would not the engines be effected?
I'm repeating what a 777 pilot claims happened. If you guys want to get your rocks off listening to all this redundant #$%$ on CNN go ahead. It's obvious from an expert what happened. Think about it. As much as terrorists are #$%$, they aren't stupid, why would they simply program the flight to do NOTHING?? but fly into the ocean towards the south pole? It makes no sense, at least crash the planeinto a building killing a thousand people. Use common sense, the 777 had a major malfunction of its systems. someone already claimed this 777 was a huge computer system.My computer crashes from time to time, does yours????
So how does this "theory" square with the timeline of turning off the transponder and the automated data feed (that controllable by the pilots, not the "handshake" contacts that continued) before the flight deck message "all right, good night"? It seems an aircraft in a electrical or mechanical crisis with intact communications would have called at least a "pan-pan" message advising of intent to return to Kuala Lumpur, if not a mayday call and to land at the nearest available field. A pilot aboard flew this aircraft within its operational envelope, even if above its operational ceiling. The aircraft was flown at varying altitudes so as to disrupt the impression of a single aircraft flying a stable path. Engine efficiency might have declined a bit and climb rate might not be the same, but the plane is not going to stall at 45000 ft, which is only 1900 feet above its service ceiling. Maybe your ears might pop, but I suspect the plane's cabin pressurization remained adequate for passenger survival. A lot of trans-contintental planes have in-flight real-time route maps on view to the cabin passengers. I suspect those ceased to be operational if the pilots turned off the transponder. At some point in this flight, the plane reached a point over the Indian Ocean where it would no longer have enough fuel to turn around and make land anywhere.
There is a Yoruba proverb that states my child is dead is better than my child is missing. I hope and pray that it is the plane so the families can start the grieving process. Not knowing sucks!
I would have to say, being dead is more bearable than being missing.
How scary is it that a country can lose its own 777 or 737? I mean if this does not open Pandora's box and tell terrorists what can be done with a plane or how to use a plane. This incident just changed the world and we will see in the future something really bad happen again with a plane.
Basically, those who embrace Islam should not be pilots -
(NEW YORK) -- A nine-hour search of the Indian Ocean by the world's most sophisticated search plane failed to locate the objects spotted by a satellite that investigators believe could be from the missing Malaysia Airlines jet, instead finding only a freighter and two pods of dolphins. The hunt by the P-8 Poseidon airplane is an indication of how difficult it will be to find the objects spotted by a satellite or any debris in the vast expanse of the southern Indian Ocean. The military airplane is considered so sophisticated that civilians' cameras were confiscated so photos could not be taken on board. The search area is so remote that it took the Poseidon three hours of flying to arrive over the area part way to the South Pole and 1,300 miles west of Australia. While en route to the area, the plane was diverted because of promising intelligence of possible debris in the water. Once on station, the plane descended through rain and clouds to skim just 300 feet above the water. Radar and powerful cameras beneath the plane scanned the ocean for 16 miles on either side of the plane. Searchers were posted at all of the plane's windows. The plane worked back and fourth through its search area in a lawn mowing pattern. Its radar picked up several hits, but one turned out to be a freighter. Two others were pods of dolphins. The Poseidon had enough fuel to scan for three hours and cover 4,100 square miles before having to begin the three-hour trip back to its base north of Perth, Australia. The crew was disappointed that it hadn't found anything, but aware that another chunk of ocean could be checked off the search list. The P-8 was one of four search planes scouring the area looking for the objects and any other telltale debris. WABC radio, NY
They didnt find anything because there is nothing there to find.
William c, is talking about his head. He went for an MRI and they found out his head is empty.
Fairleyj51 - I heard the same thing about five hours ago, so I am still wondering why this story hasn't been updated or pulled.
So you are reporting on the reporting?....Pffff....get a life.
And you are commenting on the reporting on the reporting?....Pffff....get a life.
and you are commenting on the commenter who was commenting on the reporting of the reporting.....pfff...get a life.
Theres nothing there because this well orchestrated highjacking didn't end in simply flying out to the middle of no-mans-land to simply crash or run out of fuel. What dumb as plan would that be?!
HIGHJACKING? Bah...it is a wrinkle in time.Philadelphia Experiment anyone?
Oh great, now there's a Commenter who is commenting on the commenter who commented on the commenter who was commenting on the reporting of the reporting.....pfff...get a life.
@Doff: Dumb is something as inarticulate as: "What dumb as plan would that be?!" And who uses double punctuation? Only dumb people.
I've had about enough out of everybody.
@Marcus - I also use double punctuation to describe the sounds your wife makes while I'm double penetrating her dumb as. And before you come with another dumb as question, my thumbs are what she likes for me to stick in her as.
@Speedy, sadly I think I am actually starting to believe the conspiracies about time portals, aliens, and other tinfoil hat-worthy ideas might be right!
Why do theses countries seem to think that by reporting sights of who know what before they are actually correct makes them to be first to resolve this mystery. It does nothing for the families that are hoping against hope that some one will find something. Really dumb. be sure of your findings before you open your mouth .
Satellite images were taken 4 days ago. 4 days. The weather down there is awful, in 4 days whatever the satellite found could have sunk, drifted off (the ocean is very big), who knows what.
steve I have had enough of you having enough of everybody!
I flew in a P3 Orion as a crew member for 4 years with over 2000 hours of flight time and I can tell you sometimes it is impossible to spot objects in the water when the weather is bad. Then there are others times you can spot a sub under water too. Just depends on the conditions. But even back in the late 60's the equipment was down right sophisicated you could see and hear the whales and other critters in the water and spot them to.
eugene, were you east or west coast?
I feel so sorry for the families of the people who were on the plane, has not only gone through bad news once but twice, having their hopes build up when they couldn't find the plane now it looks like their hope was in vain.
If Malaysia would of bought the advanced gps package from boeing this all would be settled by now. But they went cheap, and thought they could get away from having to use it.. Hope they find the plane soon so we can beable to find the black box, to see what exactly happened , for everybody who has been effected by this horrible tragedy. Those poor people, they are at their wits end.
Damm.. they shoda let the IRS search for then !!! theyll find you anywhere if you owe them money... and so much for those hitech hollywood movies where some computer and satelite can find and track anything in the world... a bunch of BS..
Keep in mind that there were several very rich powerful people on that plane. The main stream media has obviously selected to omit such details.
i never heard about rich, powerful people on the plane. please name some..
Indonesian "authorities" need to be held responsible by all international parties for not communicating information right away. Instead they held onto information. The same for Malaysian government too. Those people are like the Keystone Cops in a giant cluster @#$%. But by golly, they are sure to be wearing their fancy uniforms. I feel for the families. I hope they get the news they are praying for soon. Let's hope this debris west of Perth is a good sign. But hope, at this point, is all we've got.
Not sure why you are pointing the finger a Indonesia. What have they got to do with it? Radar was only between Malaysia and Thailand.
no boddy will be held responsible for any thing.
To Victoria; I agree with you. And to Tammy based on what little/incorrect info. given, Malaysia 'should' be held responsible. Thank You
Go back and check your facts, Tammy. You are wrong. The rest of the world has already begun pointing fingers at Indonesia for holding onto information.
Looks a lot like the satellite images floated a while back.
Our oceans are so polluted other than a body or part of the aircraft it will be difficult to piece anything together.
As someone who spent 2 days searching digitalglobe, I can say that is most likely sea garbage. The seas and oceans are loaded with garbage. A 777 is 200 feet long and almost as wide. For there to be two small pieces and nothing else for many miles around, would mean it is not plane debris at all. Yes, it would be scattered after all this time, but still with a few miles. It could also just be a group of whitecaps that look like something, but is not.
This would represent some serious drifting, or that somebody made a severely wrong turn.
Here's another scenario that is gaining traction...the plane' s front tire caught on fire upon takeoff, which has happened in other past crashes, and set fire to the wiring under the cockpit, shutting down the transponders, and other flight gear..In an effort to stop the flames, the plane goes up above 40,000 feet where there is no oxygen, and then comes back down in hopes of finding the small airport the pilot turned around for. Unfortunately the smoke did not stop and everyone was incapacitated and auto pitot kept flying until fuel ran out.
So why didnt they radio in the problem. tell someone they were having a fire or whatever.. sorry, dont believe that..
Nope, doesn't make sense. The plane changed direction prior to their last communication with air traffic control. I would think the last thing said would be "the plane is on fire" and not "good night."
I think this theory makes the most sense. I read the article that was written by a pilot. He also mentioned the pilots would have pulled the circuit busses(sp?) which would have disabled the transponders...
There's a discrepency on whether or not the transponders were turned off before or after the last communication. Also, the last thing on their mind is communicating with air traffic control since they are worried about slowing the fire and getting the plane on the ground.
No pilot would disable transponders in an emergency, that's what they are for. Ridiculous
Can CNN find us a Fresh British Idiot to listen to,Quest is getting annoying.
He's an Annoying F"er is what he is.
Well, I hope they will find it to give the families some closure.
An object it is, but whether it is a part of a plane, or Gamera - giant Japanese turtle - basking in the sun, that is not clear from that satellite photo.
Didn't we play this game already with the Chinese?
I'll agree with some of you at this time. After almost 2 weeks of speculating/assuming by every News Reporter/Writer/everyone,,I do 'not' hardly believe any of them any more. Also Prayers for the 239 people, their families,,and friends. And lets see if this latest report has 'any' facts? Thank You
I would like to think that the pilot, who is very experienced, had a simulator to continuously enhance his skills and would not jeopardize his life and reputation to take over a plane. I think, too, that if the co-pilot was reckless enough to have women in the cockpit while he played macho man does not have the intelligent thought process to execute a plan of sabotage. I am more prone to think the two passengers who had false identification are responsible. Where the plane is or the fate of the passengers no one knows.
I agree with all but the two passengers with false passports being responsible. Hopefully we will get more info but I am not that optimistic.
You do a lot of thinking for someone without a brain, How come you didn't think when you voted for Obozo?
OBOZO, are you that brain dead? You sound like the one that has defective brain cells!
I don't think much of Oblahblah either but his comment was out of line. Somehow I think that's the only way he knows how to communicate and it says more about him than anything he can say about anybody else. Ignorant with a CAPITAL "I"...
Here come the conspiracy theory theorists. There is no way of knowing yet if they have even found the plane and people already crying conspiracy, yet if this isn't the plane they will still cry conspiracy. No matter which way this story goes people have their mind made up that it's something bigger than a simple plane crash. No matter what they find , they may as well just say "yeah it's a conspiracy" since that's what most people want to hear.
...there were muslims aboard, like bringing a loaded gun along.
Joe head - that's right - because googleDOTearth is capable of "seeing" a bird in a tree at street level and people find it difficult to accept that the sophisticated satellites (the same ones google uses) can't find a plane that is/was a few hundred feet long
Mik, you idiot, are you saying you believe that satellites video tape every inch of the earth at perfect resolution 24hrs a day 7 days a week? Oh you conspiracists are TOO cute!
Do you usually make your point by calling people names? Its then that you lose all credibility. And Joe, for the record, I do NOT think every inch is taped 24/7 but we are discussing an area hundreds of miles wide - YES, AN AREA THAT LARGE SHOULD HAVE MORE THAN ONE PICTURE TAKEN IN A 24 HOUR PERIOD. They found that scrap floating, didn't they?
Talk about desperate to find a rational explanation (you know, the kind that does not require the government to discuss aliens)! Why would Australia hold a press conference before locating and identifying the latest chunks of flotsam?
Adding to the difficulty, the revised search area is about 1,500 nautical miles southwest of Perth, meaning aircraft have limited time to search the area once they reach it from the mainland. U-2 spy aircraft from the US that fly at 70,000 feet with all types of cameras that can see a golf ball on the ground from 40,000 feet could be sent to see what happened. The U2 can stay aloft for 8 hours and be refueled on its way back in better weather conditions. The US has an airbase for B-52s on Diego Garcia in the northern Indian Ocean where it could come from.
SgtMike I agree on the U2. I've seen them in action. Old school genus at work with that plane. However, I don't think Diego Garcia could handle the aircraft. You have to have a chase car (souped up engine) to assist with take off and landing. They may not have that there. But it still could take off from California, get up to altitude and start taking pictures and still make it home to California with some fuel to spare. But I also heard they want to retire the U2. :( I can understand why they retired the SR-71 (fuel hog) but the U2 is very useful still. I also want to know why we aren't using the ISS more in this search. They have the best view and excellent equipment.
I've been saying all along it would be found in the deep Indian Ocean.
I swear, this comment section makes me weep for humanity.
All I would like for the families right now is some form of closure. It must be heart wrenching for them to hear the conjecture that we have all been hearing. By now they know that their loved ones are surely dead and yet they cannot mourn. They are in a strange place surrounded by camera lights and news media. I pray that this is the plane and at the same time hope for a miracle. The whys can be sorted out later. It would be wonderful for the world if we could go back to the time when our first thought would not have been hijacking. Innocence lost is dreadful.
Ralph, if they put your brain in an ants A(s*s, it would rattle around like a BB in a boxcar you Buffoon.
OBOZO THE BUFFOON, you sound like you need a hug.
Since most aircraft have the locked doors installed to the cockpit, now we have to worry about the religious beliefs of the pilots. Both were muslims according to news reports. When interviewed, friends of the pilots spoke of how each man attended their mosque regularly.
Ruth You sound like a compassionate person don't you think a "lot" of money and time has been spent on this one airplane when there are starving children all over the world. If, the plane is at the bottom of the Indian Ocean we will never know what happened.
I agree with you but I also understand the plight of the families. Unfortunately what is being spent looking for this plane is just a drop in the bucket compared to what is being wasted every day by governments everywhere. I do wish they would cut off the cameras and tell people that when something new was found they would cover that and break into programming and tell us. I do hope the plane is at the bottom of the ocean. If it isn't we will all be hearing about it again and it will be more horrible news for a lot of people.
Did Courtney Love point them in this direction? Seriously tho, hopefully it may be some clues to the missing plane.
How many people would rather have a Bad case of Crabs than have to spend an Afternoon with Richard Quest?
Hopefullu, they have found it so that they can put the anxiety of the families to rest. I'm sure the waiting and not knowing where their friends and family members are is hard to bear. If the plane is still intact, there would be no debris from inside the cabin, floating around the site, since there would be no way for it to get out. This is really a sad situation for those left to mourn.
We need to develop a system that can be operated from the ground in a case where a pilot can do what it appears he did. It should sound an alert that the path has been changed and an override can be initiated if there is no valid reason for it. Also, the black box data should be recorded in both the plane AND in another on the ground so we do not have to guess what has occurred. And put a camera in both cockpit and cabin.
what happens when the bad guys get a hold of the remote control?
I don't want a camera watching what goes on in the cockpit two reasons, 1) These kind of videos get leaked out and bad guys can see how things are done in the cockpit. 2) I don't want these hard working pilots ending up on some porn sight after someone records a session in the cockpit with a ummm flight attendant.
If thats the wing, it is exactly where at 8:11 the satellite "Immarsat 3F1" received the last signals from the Rolls Royce Jet Engines. Having that info available since day 1, it would only conclude, the officials are a bunch of very dumb people wasting everybody's time and money, or they don't want to find it.
Oliver, the satellite received the signals from somewhere in the arc that they have been reporting for days. A single satellite can't get a pinpoint location on a single ping. In order to do that, you would need at least three. Two might get you in the ball park but it wouldn't give you an exact lat/long of the ping.
There is no 5 knot ocean current, maybe 1/4 of a knot and can be exactly calculated for a specific area to lead to an object, if you have a first way point and time. The arc from Immersat, where they reached the 8:11 signal from is a precise corridor and could have been searched by satellite in a few hours latest on the second day.
Oliver, do you know anything about how a satellite works? They can't just be re-orbited on a whim. There is coverage of most of the earth, but what no one bothers to tell you is that sometimes it can take a couple of days for those particular spots to come into the footprint. Also, just as I posted, a single satellite can't give you precise location data from a single ping. That's why there is a cluster of GPS satellites, so they can triangulate your position. Your GPS receiver isn't getting data from one bird, it's looking at several in order to be able to pinpoint your location.Also, the ocean currents don't flow in the same arc that the satellite provided, so even if they focused directly on that arc, after the number of days that they have been looking, it is entirely possible that the debris would have drifted hundreds, if not thousands of miles away. Many things affect the drift speed on the ocean surface.
There are over 3500 satellites in orbit, covering earth surface with infrared in the night and dazzling crisp pictures during the day. Not all of them have that capability, but at least 1/3 of them, all the military ones. That one from the wing shown in the news can be magnified to see an ant crawling on it by its command center. They already know. You are underestimating the military. But we overestimating the brainpower of the officials.
Don't get your hopes up. There is a lot of stuff floating around the globe since Japanese Tsunami. From houses, cars, trains to boats...
Great to see china finally spending some resources 14 days after the fact.
People with common sense and logic -we are labeled as conspiracy theorists. Well, whatever. I think had anyone wanted to find this plane, they could have found it already. No one has any idea just how many submarines are underwater monitoring things, and cough, cough -all the satellites in space that track everything in the air but birds and kites. I myself could not put the loved ones through another day of not knowing where their family and friends are -I think it's odd how everyone can be tracked by a cell, but today's jets/planes can go missing completely and not one submarine anywhere or satellite noticed? Too many people are dying -innocent lives....for what? One thing I have control over now, I can pray for these families. No one deserves this.
I too hope that the families of the missing get a quick resolution, verified by results and not speculation. Common sense & logic are wonderful traits, but they must be supported by facts. Oversimplification developed from overconfidence and lack of knowledge, leads to a firm conclusion, believed in with an almost religious fervor. But conviction does not make it true. Lacking facts, a person can formulate a fantasy and then convince themselves that it is reality. Misdirection occurs when conclusions are based upon personal opinion and not evidence. For example, if it SEEMS to someone that satellites track everything except "birds and kites", is there any proof to back up that assertion? Someone may "think" something is odd, but that speaks more to what the person comprehends, than what is actually true. Some may conclude that the oceans are jammed with submarines, ready to monitor anything that falls into the sea, but such a conclusion is baseless. Few would dispute that too many innocent people are (and always have been) dying and though that is true, it does not follow from the comment posted.
No tracking cell phones over the ocean. No cell towers. Cell towers relay to the satellites. Cells are not communicating directly with satellites. Now if the plane had satellite phone service would be different. But that only applies to the phones that are on the back of the seats not cell phones.
Commenter, if the plane is found in the Indian Ocean, how does that affect your conspiracy theory that the plane was flown to Area 51?
Where is Nancy Grace? She is the only news we get. Pathetic how the American media including fox who lambaste us with every detail of something we do NOT want to know. Glen Beck is right Al jazera is the only unbiased news now. Sux don't it?
Ok, let's rule out black holes, worm holes, twilight zones, space alien abductions, Bermuda triangles, Loch Ness monsters, gremlins, and meteorites and what's left? Well, let's say the instrumentation blackout was intentional, most likely. No distress calls, so it must be an act of sky-jacking with a pre-planned destination. The last chapter hasn't been revealed. In the meantime, let's treat the families of the occupants with dignity.
The pilot had been a pilot since the early 80s, that's over 30 yrs of experience. I have to think it would have been something really bad to catch him off guard or not be able to call for help.
With out a positive ID on the objects, this is nothing more than speculation, which unfortunately is what today's media is good at......"speculative reporting". I am surprised the authors of this article did not a have an "anonymous source" attached to it. At this point in time on this event, speculation has run it's course. Get some concrete facts before reporting on this lost aircraft. Don't get me wrong, as I hope this does turn out to be part of the plane if it did, indeed crash to help with closure for the surviving family members. My hope is that this plane is on the ground some where, with the passengers still alive, even though they may be in a hostage situation. Perhaps some reporting on who actually drop the ball on this failed (so far) search might be in order.
Oh, but they did: "A Malaysian official with knowledge of the investigations into the pilots said three simulator games that 53-year-old pilot Zaharie Ahmad Shah had played were being looked at."
CNN has new theories from experts that state, aliens were taking the ship over but Pakistan shot the airliner down. They think the pilot deliberately contacted the aliens to take the airliner away.
No one has any idea what happened.
Japan tsunami debris. It's spreading worldwide.
(Wavy Gravy - "Woodstock") - "There's always a little heaven in a disaster area". Finding the wreckage, as a finite end to the optimism of finding survivors, would mark the beginning for the healing process. It also stands as testament to the ad-hoc coalition of a couple dozen civilized nations that have collaborated their resources, despite political, religious, and cultural differences, to find the plane. Did I mention these were civilized nations? That would explain why Russia isn't involved, though they certainly have the resources.
Russia has been busy doing other things. They also, do not appear, like they care.
This is the reason that JJ Abrams and Carlton Cruse, et al set their TV show "Lost," which is still in syndication. The islands are LEGION (huge in number, like a Roman legion), and the distances vast. Things off the "beaten path" (established trade routes) can remain unfound for decades ... centuries? Witness 70-year-old WW II aircraft sitting on glaciers ... Amelia Erhart's plane (artifacts are not wreckage) ... wooly mammoths in glaciers!
The problem with the theory that the pilots did it because of their religion is that most Muslim terrorists go out with a bang (no pun intended). If you look at their history, it has been done publicly and "Proudly". They don't try to hide it or try to keep quiet about it. If it were the pilots, the last thing they would have said would be incriminating because they'd want people to know they are dying for their religion. "All right, Goodnight" doesn't seem like a terrorist thing to say. Malaysia has a large Muslim Population and I guarantee it that their were more than a few Muslims on board and Muslim terrorists will not kill other Muslims. It is against their code of ethics, believe it or not. Stop blaming the pilots until we are 100% sure they are the ones. And stop saying all Muslims are guilty. We're getting tired of it.
Terrorist do not just blow things up in suicide bombings, they also kidnap and hold people ransom so a plane full of people will fetch them a pretty good pay day.
And doesn't seem like a terrorist thing to say, do you hang out with alot of terrorist? Have you ever spoken to a terrorist? If not then that is one stupid claim to be making!!! And if so then we need to lock your butt up!!! I guess i just do not understand how you find it impossible for a terrorist to do something covertly and not go out in a blaze of glory.
There is nothing to report and yet the reporters keep yapping. Now they are engaging in ridiculous speculation. An idiot at CNN was asking the former transportation secretary if the plane was swallowed by a black hole. Obviously the cretin doesn't even know what a black hole is. It one was present to swallow up an airliner it would have swallowed up the earth first. CNN is becoming a laughing stock. Pretty soon they will replace James Earl Jone's "This is CNN" with Hervé Villechaize's "De plane! De plane!."
Bob, the plane faced a "zombie option" what happened is that after "good night" was uttered, the planes total system and computers had a malfunction and everything stopped working except the autopilot.all th people including the pilots died of no ogygen and the plane kept flying till it ran out of fuel. DONE!Zterrorists wouldnt be stupid and just take a ride to the south pole and wait till the plane ran out of fuel.so it wasnt a terrorist.
I can go on line and get a satellite picture of my house that even shows steps from my deck. They tell me the gov. has some that can show numbers on a car plate Tell me whats wrong with the two pictures above. Bad weather and all they should have pictures showing if it was old ship wreckage, a dead whale or a nuke sub popping up to help in the search. No way anyone will admit they have a sub in that area. That takes care of the where, the who and how comes when the black box is found. Just saying ....... ps: Maybe the Dodgers and the D'backs should take a boat to Austraila instead of a plane.
First, not all pictures on-line are 'satellite'. Some are taken by drones or other close-in aircraft. Second, let's say you have a group of satellites with cameras and other imaging apparatus on board. Now, why in the world would you park your satellites over the ocean in the middle of nowhere? Oh, you wouldn't, because there's nothing out there to see. The government satellites you refer to generally are used for spying/tracking of people. They're going to be, then, over land. And probably over areas that are worthy of watching (like the US, because we're so fascinating our own government wants to watch us). There's probably not many floating over Australia (nothing going on down there, you know). And those satellites aren't going to be re-directed to some large empty area of the southern hemisphere just to look for a plane (esp. one with few americans, and no one of 'importance', on board). The private satellites also don't spend much time taking pictures of the ocean. There's no reason to. It's not like it's ever changing or anything. The private ones take pictures to sell. No one buys pictures of the ocean. Hope that all helps...
BTW, next time you're on google maps or wherever and checking out the steps of your house, go point it to some small islands in the pacific, or, even better, some basically empty water areas. You'll see how little detail you get. Far worse than your home. Oh, and the dbacks and dodgers are already in australia, aren't they?
AND, that picture of your house is "file footage" from over two years ago. Did you really think that is a live shot of your house today? Seriously people watch, and believe, far much CSI.
I do hope this will be the info needed to help the families deal with this horrific tragedy. If this turns out to be the remains of the plane, the families will have some kind of closure and in time be able to move on and begin the healing process. Thoughts and prayers to all involved.
A couple things. If the picture was taken 4 days ago it likely floated there from somewhere near (not at) that spot. 14,000 feet deep is the cutoff for the black box signal. Also, the idea that a trained pilot would use a simulator to map out a terrorist attack in the dark is idiotic.
For all the criticism of our government and educational system, when disasters like this occur the whole world turns to the USA for technical and logistical support. It makes me proud of our country.
Why is everybody ignoring the 2 Iranians with the stolen passports?
Because Iran's making nicey-nice with the uranium processing.
Wouldn't you steal passports to get away from Iran? Stolen passports on a Malaysian flight does not equal terrorism, it equals normal operations. They were prob smugglers, not terrorists.
Because someone doesn't want the truth to be told maybe?
Man if any country can't detect an Airplane with their own satellites or other technologies then we as a world are in trouble when we start shooting each other with nuclear weapons missiles.
1) They should investigate what happened to the other plane that had the same mysterious thing happen at the same time and at the same area, but then could continue on to its destination. 2) PLEASE SEARCH COCOS ISLANDS!
Governments have spy satellites that can can clearly see objects only a few inches in size from space yet that's the best image they could get?
Australian satellite. NSA are probably 2 generations more advanced. Look up and wave your middle finger!
that picture was on 3/9/14. Besides, satellites have to be directed to what to look at - idiot!
With rough oceans and bad weather, that's not a bad photo.
Hey john the moron, it would only take a few hours at most to reposition a satellite over that area and get a better view or just send a drone to go check it out.
The weather is not clear over the debris for them to get pictures.
NJS, certified national security officer in charge of top secret surveillance platforms.
Read the article throughly. It said the debris is thousands of meters below the surface.
Why do people call others names . All they are doing is commenting or just saying. Good God folks can't we be polite enough to respects another person's thoughts.
So how come they can't find your brain?
Haha unbelievable I agree be respect
Suspect obozo is still in middle school-just repeating what his daddy told him.
Too much information, and no results, who's getting fired today over this ? That 79 foot piece of #$%$ could just as we'll be a dead fishing boat from a tsunami 3 years ago,- a friggin Harley Davidson soft tail floated from Japan to Oregon one year, there's so much garbage floating in the Oceans these days it's like looking for trash on a dumpster.
Ok Folks, Here's my newest theory. It's one you've not heard anywhere else. These Muslims have a habit of visiting the gravesites of their martyrs. This pilot was a Muslim, or the co pilot was, one of them was, At any rate, this pilot committed suicide and he brought some "gifts" of the other passengers to Bin Laden's GRAVE SITE. Bin Laden was dumped into a very deep part of the Indian Ocean so the pilot did the best he could to get close to where he thought Bin Laden was buried and he brought some human sacrifices to Bin Laden's gravesite with him. The pilot was under the assumption he will go to heaven and get 76 virgins or whatever it is they believe. Just like a suicide bomber, except one of these Muslim pilots changed things around a little to fit his own personal whacked out beliefs and needs. He martyred himself on the gravesite of his martyr , Bin Laden. How effed up are these Muslims.
It was only reported that Bin Laden was dumped in a weighted body bag in a very deep part of the Indian Ocean. This is reported as being a very deep part of the Indian Ocean. As close as the pilot could guess as to his gravesite is. If they can recover info from the pilots homemade simulator they will find he had been practicing the route and the programing of the auto pilot on his home made machine for practice. These Muslims are crazzzzy.
No one from this flight, nor debris will be found, unless they are supposed to be found where it will mislead the most! All the actions since the words "cleared to take off", have been as deliberate as a well laid plan in a battle of epic proportions! This is more than a Hollywood cliff hanger or 1 of the best plan executions of masterful puppetry ever!!
Watch it turn out to be a Lockheed Electra Model 10E. o.0
And that would be significant because?
The larger of the objects measured up to 24 metres (79 ft), long and appeared to be floating on water several thousand metres deep, they said. Huh?
So it is floating IN water and not ON the water? Ok, I get it now. Thanks.
I think black boxes need to be encased in Styrofoam so they will float. That may seem like a silly comment since the black box is inserted into something that doesn't float. Just a thought, however. Look at the tons of plastic stuff that sea birds and turtles get trapped in. We're building luggage and black boxes out of the wrong stuff. .
what good does a floating black box do when its inside a huge object that sinks?
Do you know what Styrofoam would do to those same sea birds and turtles if they ingested it? They blow up!
That's actually not a bad idea. There would need to be a way to eject them from the wreckage so they wouldny get dragged down with the sinking plane.
A company called Otterbox makes a waterproof floating case for a cell phone, why not one for a black box?
I just can't believe with all the technology out there, that no one has ever invented a black box device that can get it up to the water's surface if there is a water catastrophy. If it is fireproof, then it could be waterproof it it falls into the water? The waterproof case would superceede the fire as there would be no flames to burn the case....oh well just wondering?
You need to be incased in a mental ward you Putz.
Thank you, Obozo. I can see what a thinker you are.
Now we have to look for the entrance to the underground landing strip the plane as aiming for. Perhaps we need to look for anyone named Alfred who has not been seen lately.
So, it flew in a straight line from its last known position with a known amount of fuel, some basic maths would have given its distance. WTF have these people been doing?
LOL...So I guess you should have been in charge of the search and this would have all been taken care of.......right?
Yup, enough fuel to fly say, 3000 miles. At what point did it go down into the sea if it even did go down? And did it fly in a straight line? How do you know? Give 'em a call, I'm sure they would be thrilled to hear from you.
Even in the most dire situation there is hope.
Believe it was mentioned when the plane disappeared that the pilot's wife had moved out of their home the day before the flight was scheduled. Haven't heard anything more as to her whereabouts. Curious if there is a connection and what she might know.
I hope that the agony of waiting would be over for the relatives of the tragedy. I feel so sad for them.
Can you make the pictures in the article any smaller? They are interfering with the much larger advertising pictures and distracting from the music.
I feel for ANYONE going this long not knowing. That would be far, far worse than getting closure. As to the actions of the Malaysians and their fork you attitude we will look into it in our own way, and some of the berieved from the Chinese assuming that anyone can wave a magic wand on a planet this big and come up with an answer; They deserve each other.
Until that floating object is investigated, there's no need to confirm it, Hishamuddin. Whats with all the 'confirm' everything business...
Possible Object? It's definitely an object, we just don't know what!
"Another official in Malaysia said investigators were 'hopeful but cautious' about the Australian discovery." I think I would have said "thankful, but cautious." I'm sure loved ones are still hoping they'll be found alive.
Just thinking maybe the terrorist want he US and others to send out a carrier to to see what the USA's and others capabilities are or to take their attention off somthing else going on right now, I know just another conspiricy theory but this is all so strange.
i've been following this story since day one and i know that one of you guys is bound to have the right answer. a lot of theories out there and someone has got to be right. we will see when all this is over.
Do they really think they can show us the same ic they did a week ago but change it to black and white that we can not tell the difference?
If this debris proves to be from the plane then they can maybe find the impact area. If not from the plane then it begins to look more like a hijacking. Terrorists could load that plane with explosives and hit a target in the U.S.I hope this is not true but nowadays ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE,
Satellites in space can see a blade of grass in your backyard, a bug crawling on the side of a building, can even tell if your chicken is cooked enough to come off the grill... but somehow they can't take a clear picture of something bigger than an RV floating in the ocean. The governments all around the world can track YOU just with your cell phone turned on, but they somehow aren't able to follow the signals pinging from many cell phones of those passengers Any person who wanted to crash that plane wouldn't have needed to bother turning off tracking devices. But he would turned them off if he intended to fly this plane to a certain destination. This plane is in some non-friendly country. No one wants to start WW3 with them.
Cell phone signals do not ping to satellites; There are no cell phone towers in the Indian Ocean.
You really should research factual information instead of just buying into the most entertaining conclusions so desperately desired for media ratings. Despite popular belief, every square inch of this globe is not under continuous monitoring, nor is that practical with current technology without putting many more satellites in orbit. Secondly, have you ever flown? Have you ever tried to turn on your phone and get a cell signal a few minutes after taking off? If the cabin depressurized when the plane is at a high enough altitude, all inside would pass out and may not even of known there was a problem. If the plane is hurdling at the ocean in excess of 500mph, even if the passengers are aware, the likelihood of someone getting a signal in one of the remotest areas of the earth and making a call is about zero. Yes, multiple things went wrong and a series of unlikely events happened. As a person who has investigated many incidents, I can tell that is generally what I find....multiple unlikely events coming together resulting in a bad incident. By the way, our media entertainment industry and Netflix documentaries are probably not the best sources for factual information.
Thank God we didn't have cable news when Amelia Earhart went missing. I think 3 hours a night to report NOTHING new is a little bit of over kill. I'll give you a tip, mankind can not solve every mystery that confronts him.
nah, the best one was the death of Anna Nicole Smith! the media went on and on for nearly a month after she died reporting 'yep shes dead'......amazing...
Will Amelia or Jimmy be on the plane? (De plane, de plane!) Will they find it refueled and armed with nuclear devices ready to attack? Will the passengers all have Stockholm Syndrome and sympathize with their hijackers? Will we find out that CNN was involved in the stunt to increase ratings? Will Anderson Cooper find a gay couple on board that was on their honeymoon? Ah sweet mystery of life, at last I found you!
If the plane were taken to another location and hidden from view - there has been plenty of time to take off parts and plant them. P.S. the co- pilot being suicidal is stupid - one does not commit suicide and take 300+ innocent, unknown people along for the ride. It almost sounds like the media is being given enough theories for reasonable doubt. If this is debris = how about plotting the oceans speed and direction of current and go back to area where it may have crashed - if it did. But there was someone of something on that plane, that has yet to be disclosed.
To think this plane could land in some remote location, remain hidden, taken apart, etc. without anyone knowing about it yet is equally stupid. Keep your tinfoil hat on, Jay.
I believe this morning it was said they are dropping tracking buoys to get the direction and drift of the currents.
I guess we will know what we are supposed to know, when we are supposed to know it and the rest of this stuff is false hope hype pushed by the sensationalizing news services. To many personal opinions not based on real facts are leading to nothing, no recovery, just the latest hawked idea of what could be, or could have been. It is a real shame, but these people are all dead, and have been dead for 13 days, and personally, I don't think we will ever know what happened here.
Love your honesty, I so agree with you...
There is an interesting documentary of "Air disasters" 10 episodes of 10 different accidents on Netflix. Episode 7 of flight 295 that crashed into the Indian ocean. This should give all you know it all's what S & R are up against. Since everyone is speculating these days...I'm going to as well. After watching the above mentioned...I'm going with the theory this plane was definitely hijacked by an ex government and soon Russia will have their own 9/11 and Mr Putin is going to have a very large plane right at his door step. Unless they ran out of fuel before reaching the undisclosed hangar to prepare her for her maiden voyage by it's new owner.
Bear,, thats pretty far out thier, but at this point, anything is possible.... interesting theory...
We should probably nuke Iran and Pakistan no matter what-just because.
Lets hope that it is debris from the plane, then the experts can back track the currents to get an idea where the wreckage might be. I feel the plane had a major malfunction, either from pilot error or a disastrous failure. If this is what they think, then all the stupid stories about terrorism and such can stop, and the families can have closure and move on with their lives...so sad.
But hang on... regardless of anything. It was deliberately flown off course. Someone took it for reasons unknown. Terrorists or crazy pilot or? We don't know
I'm done , but the media is not.
Why do these officials feel the need to make a huge announcement and get peoples' hopes up when it is, more than likely, not remotely related to the missing aircraft? It's not a race and there is no prize for finding a downed aircraft. Don't get me wrong, I truly hope that they've found a solid lead here, but wouldn't it be more pertinent to wait until you actually know something before you start alerting the planet about some fuzzy pictures taken days ago? It didn't turn out so well when the Chinese did the same thing.
yes there is a race the black box battery only lasts 30 days
There IS a prize, and it IS a race. The prize, is in finding out what exactly happened to cause this tragedy, and the Race, is to find it before the black box stops beeping a signal. The families are all over the news, in a state of utter chaos, and their biggest complaint, is, no one is giving them ANY information, so they are in agony. There was not much to be able to tell them up to now, and very slowly, as conjecture gains validity, information is released. It offers no hope to the families, because it is a pretty sure thing, all those on board are dead. But it does put one light into the darkness, which is that at least we MAY find the missing plane.
The media wouldn't know Facts and truth if it were to Hit them in the face. what a scam.
After two weeks of the most ridiculous comments i have ever read on any story, I am firmly convinced that most people should be commended for being able to tie their shoes in the morning. Muslin pilots. MUSLIM AIRLINE/COUNTRY. No cell phone calls - NO CELL PHONE TOWERS. No satellite pictures of the plane? THERE ARE 6500 PLANES IN THE AIR AT ANY GIVEN TIME. Google Earth shows my house in fine detail. THOSE ARE FILE PICTURES TAKEN TWO YEARS AGO AND THE CAMERA WAS FOCUSED ON A NARROW AREA. The plane is on the "top secret" island of Diego Garcia. NOT TOP SECRET, NOTHING THERE BUT A NAVY BASE, AND HIJACKERS DO NOT FLY ONTO MILITARY INSTALLATIONS - AND NO ONE THERE HAS SEEN IT. Courtney Love. Lost. Gilligans Island. Con Air. ALL FICTION - ESPECIALLY COURTNEY LOVE. Blame Obama. OBAMA CANNOT LEAD HIS OWN COUNTRY MUCH LESS MALAYSIA OR THE REST OF ASIA. Does anyone stop to think if their theory makes any sense whatsoever? Why does everyone rip on the nauseous TV coverage and then make the most ridiculous claims themselves? How many "it was reported" comments do we have to read, when no such thing was ever "reported"? The dumbing down of America/the world has now reached its low point. And no, I don't know where it is either. But I believe it is in the ocean as not one of the other "theories" makes any sense if you look at it with any sort of critical thinking - you can blow a million holes in almost every theory which has been posited.
most sane comment seen in awhile
I want my commendation, my shoes have velcro strips.
Was there a VIP on the plane that some other VIP wanted "gone". ? The pilot belonged to the opposition party in Malaysia, and was active. That leader was just jailed. His wife just moved out of their home......there is something there....
@USN Vet Thank you for saying what's been screaming in my head for days! Here's a wistful thought to get you through; what if all the brainiac commenters had been on that plane instead of innocents? Thank you for the smiles, your service, and the rides - Semper Fi!
The Air Force gave me my rides lol. C141 to Diego Garcia and back. Long time ago.....
Why bother, why waste the taxpayer dollars.
This whole mystery is really bizarre.
My first thoughts are for the families, and the hope that they can somehow find a bit of closure. I'm not sure there really is a such thing as 'closure,' but at the very least they will know what happened. I don't like to be a pessimist, but China has already thought they had found debris, and it wasn't a crash site, and they were wrong. But what they have found now is about the size of the wing of an airplane, so it is very likely to be the crash site. It's just too sad for words. My prayers remain with these families who lost their loved ones.
With a name like that i was expecting a twilight zone ending in your comments...all the same i see with you
Don't forget to pray for those of us who didn't vote for Obozo, and now we are stuck with him for another 3 years.
Someone went through a lot of trouble to pull this off so I suspect they achieved thier goal. Suggesting this was a suicide or accident for example, is in my opinion, misdirection.
Unless it's found at the bottom of the ocean of course. If so, then those who say it's something other than suicide or accident are the ones guilty of misdirection
I love the way they have photoshopped these images to make them worse that they really are. 10yrs ago or more they could read the newspaper headlines, license plates etc.
This entire tracking problem should never have happened! What person decided it was OK to put a switch or two in the aircraft that would allow a commercial aircraft crew to turn off all its tracking transmitters? Did they never hear of aircraft hijackings or think someone would want to steal or divert an airliner? I can understand why MILITARY aircraft might want to be undetectable, but not civilian aircraft. Why would anyone build or design a commercial aircraft that could turn off its tracking systems during a flight?
kbp You miss the Point entirely. Do you live under a rock? This has been hashed and rehashed. Turning off the IFF DOES NOT MAKE THE AIRCRAFT INVISIBLE. The Aircraft flew away and out of ANY RADAR RANGE. There is NO RADAR coverage where the Plane is suspected of Crashing.
KBP, I was thinking the same thing myself and I'll bet Boeing makes adjustments to ensure that nobody can turn off the transponder in the rear of the plane, the one that's supposed to send alerts as soon as it hits crashes or hits water.
Everyone know that the aliens who abducted the plane likely left this behind to throw everyone off.
A mid air collision with another aircraft could have created some of the elements of the accident, that took place, in part, the shortage of communications related to an inflight emergency. Noted released statements were that the aircraft was not declaring an inflight emergency which includes hijack, mechanical, or medical emergency on board of a pilot, co-pilot, aircrew member, or passenger on board. Due to the theory that there were fake passports on board which may have created the incident, or a hijack, are slim to nil, due to the origin of nations of those individuals.
Passport to their heaven with 72 virgins waiting. Google it.
If there were a collision we'd be looking for two planes.
I said possibly. This is deductive reasoning.
I am certainly hoping they all are found alive and well somewhere. I am not unsympathetic but for heaven’s sake lets stop all the 24/7 junk reporting and speculations until we are all sick to death of it. Every pilot not in the air has been grabbed for an opinon, politics is blamed and it goes on and on until we just want to scream. There are many other things going on in this world lets here a good report several times a day but not 24/7 coverage.
WHY is the U.S. spending thousands if not millions of tax payers dollars looking for this plane? Let them find their own damn plane. It WILL POP-UP sooner or later. Does ANYBODY THINK those passengers are STILL ALIVE? NO WAY.
Agreed! The liberal media sucks doesn't it?
I have feared from the start that the plane went down. Whatever the outcome, peace to all involved.
except the muslim pilots you mean?
I have always feared that it went up.
One way or another....it had to go own you Idiot...
This story has become the only story on the news even though they know NOTHING about it worth reporting.
I bet they more about the plane than why you were so stupid to vote for Obozo?
Buffoon, It is illiterate people like you who give Conservatives a bad name. You don't even know what I am talking about but you attack with me (who is anti-Obama) with a stupid slur. Stop drinking and pay attention.
News reported that the mysterious objects were found by an Australian search aircraft, they were only a freighter (could be the Japanese Whalers, or Sea Shepard, who else is down there at this time of year) and a pod of dolphins... so this was yet another false lead. Meanwhile the families are getting ticked off at the Malaysian government, and I think any of us would be if our loved ones were on that plane. I'm still thinking mass alien abduction... how else could an entire 777 vanish.
Yeah JR you hold on to that theory......now time for your meds.
To JR; I also caught the sentence that the fishermen 'flew' low over the possible crash scene. And Tammy you need to absorb 'more' of what you read. And 'Yes'(however bizare/crazy you people think it is),,possibly aliens. Who Knows?? Thank You
Ba Da Bing. We likely have our missing plane, in the worst possible area, namely a remote part of the ocean that is several thousand meters deep, i.e., almost three miles down. At this point, it is probably impossible to find the black box as the relationship of floating debris to the submerged main parts of the plane will be indeterminate. And, at that depth, pings being emitted by the plane's black box will be unable to penetrate three miles of dense water. Am I wrong?
these guys ain't stupid; they will KNOW if its parts of Flight370
why assume this image is any different than the previous ones which all turned out to be false positives?
The 2009 Air France flight went down in 13,000 ft of water. It took two years but the flight recorders were recovered.
When an Air France flight ran into a storm on a flight from Brazil to France, it sank in waters as deep as where the Malaysian flight is believed to have gone down. It took more than a year to locate the black box, but they did, with the aid of a US privately owned, remotely controlled submersible. There is always a way.
In the future, makers of Large Airplanes, will have to install a tracking device, that cannot be disconnected. Possibly run on its own power source.
you'd think that in this day in age where terrorism is so rampant, that implementing this device would be justified and warranted
Pray for the families who continue to be pulled from one extreme to the other with daily news of what may have happened to Flight MH370. What an agonizing hell they are having to endure. They need closure.
Courtney Love found this #$%$ 3 days ago. This is obviously the work of David Copperfield. You will all feel pretty silly when he fesses up. 80 gazillion dollars worth of satellite survelliance equipment out there. They can track a specklebelly goose for 10000 miles but a 777 just vaporizes. Yeah right. Maybe its due to climate change.....nah......WTG Dave, you really gottem this time.
Will Australia be the latest Country with egg on their faces? Their implying that its the plane wreckage from #370 when it could be anything. It could be debris from the Japan earthquake or a cargo container it could be anything.
They only say that it is a good lead.
I hope it s not # 370, I want it land somewhere I hope it made to the land.
Its not very likely that this is debris from the plane. There is no reason to believe that such a well orchestrated highjacking would end by simply flying over a huge empty ocean only to crash it or simply run out of fuel. There is also no reason to believe that in the year 2014 a plane of that size can simply disappear with the technology we have. Our Sun is constantly monitored from every angle, the Earths magnetic field (which is freaking invisible) is constantly monitored, the earths seismic activity, the sounds in the ocean, your phone calls, emails, Yahoo posts and Facebook are constantly being monitored! Are we to really believe that the Indian Ocean which is vital shipping territory which by the way is also home to a remote US Naval Base isn't being monitored by our government. Nonetheless, the only way to pull off the disappearance of a jet is by simply hiding the facts and misinforming the public. There has been nothing but confusion from day one and our government is actively involved. We should all know by now that our government thrives on hiding the truth and misinforming the public. There is a secret agenda behind this planes disappearance and history should tell us that we will find a group of people to pin the blame on and go after them. Blame a country for "Housing Terrorists" and the worlds nations will stand behind you. My guess is that the US will want to start a war soon and this is the seed being planted.
Looks like junk from the Japanese tsunami.
Seems soon they're going to have one of the Search parties disappear looking for the jet that disappeared. Does anybody really know what time it is?
don n...that is true but the story still qualifies as news as is of interest to people almost everywhere. If this isn't newsworthy then I don't know what is.
Obozo getting impeached or imprisoned is news worthy.
With the world's oceans acting as the DUMPSTERS to all mankind, don't get excited.
#$%$! Headline says possible debri from plane and as you read article says nothing but useless info. come on, tell us facts not useless prediction bs to generate your own site's benefits. Feel sorry for the family.
This story just gets more bizarre! All the initial flight estimates as to how far it could fly had it coming no where near Australia. How did it make it this far? I guess next they'll tell us it refueled somewhere.
Wanna' know what really happened?? Get Interpol and the FAA involved and pull this from the "other world", or whatever it is, and then maybe there will be a chance in hell of getting a true picture.
I think that this report was pre-mature. Until the objects can be officially identified as from the plane, it is just pure bunk.
probably just a media hound jumping to conclusions again.
And yet if it wasn't reported, you same people would be crying about a cover up or a conspiracy. I like how you get to have it both ways.
GREAT post Gorilla. Either the story is accurate, in which case it's conjecture, OR, it's the plane, in which case I want you to post in every thread explaining how YOU are bunk and a trolling conspiracist.
Apparently some of you can't read. It's called a CREDIBLE LEAD for a reason. Nobody has positively ID'ed as part of the missing plane. It's large, whatever it is, and floating within the search area. They HAVE TO investigate further which again, the article says is being done.
I could not agree with you more Joe, Gorilla is a dump #$%$
They say some of them satellites are so strong that they can see a hotdog floating in the water. Well, if that's what they need to look for then find it.
This makes no sense to me and I don't understand why news agencies and/or governments continue to suggest the plane is likely to have crashed in the ocean. Since the transponder and other tracking devices were manually turned off, the direction of the flight was dramatically altered and reprogrammed into the computer, and the plane flew for HOURS seeking to avoid radar detection, we can only conclude it was commandeered by a competent pilot (or someone with a gun to the head of a pilot). Isn't it reasonable to assume that whoever intelligently planned all the above also had a plan for landing the plan some place? I think it's nonsensical to conclude that someone skillfully masterminded this whole scenario to just crash the plane in the water. If that was the hijacker's objective they could have simply done so hours earlier on the original flight path to Beijing.
And it makes no sense that you assume the people investigating or their bosses are intelligent.
Accidents can happen too. We have no idea what was happening on that plane during the entire flight time. You can not assume anything.
Amen, I just posted a similar comment, I agree with you, this makes no sense at all, unless the authorities already know where the plane is and are creating all this misleading stories to know give a clue to the perpetrators that they know what the end game is, and to buy time so they can prepare to get there and recover the plane and or save some lives, is the only reason I can think of.
You conspiracy people are really too much....how do you make it through your life with such paranoia?
Maybe while they're looking they will find Amelia Earhart.
This is simply a suicide mission by one of the mentally disturbed Muslim pilots!
Thumbs down all you want, truth is the truth Period!
Please let this b the plane so all the delusional speculation/ conspiracy theories by internet "experts" and talking heads in the media can f off already. But obviously mostly for the Fam/friends of the victims
Even if they find the plane and haul it up from the Ocean, we'll still have 200,000 American Conspiracists that will deny its the 'correct' plane and then proceed to have a ridiculous story behind what "really" happened.
Come on Aus... We were expriencing mouth full of speach in yr parliament. It is a 4 days old sat image. It is highly advisable to reach the spot ie just 2500kms from your land instead of reaching the media. Pls stop playing with the emotions of those families just to appear on news. It is hardly few hours to reach the spot and 24mtr long floating object is not small to search for days. Give us a break. You can have all your press meets after confirming it nature.
You're an idiot and your insinuation is insulting. Just 2500km huh? Off the WA Coast no less.
Hopefully this is not debris from the plane. There is always large things floating in the oceans. When Japan had the tsunami, there were millions of tons of debris floating, and still floating today.
Now everybody, pay close attention to this disaster. Keep watching. Pay no attention to Obama and Congress giving control of the internet to several countries, all of which have absolutely no freedom of speech rights. All of which have publicly said that they woulf, if given the chance, would shut down any website that was found to be "unsavory", and not agreeing with their political views of how govts. kill their own citizens. Their is only one country in this world that has, until now at any rate, allowed such news to be put onto the internet from ANY country. Once these other countries take control of the net, you will no longer see or hear about ANY govt. abuse of it's people. I know most of you don't care as long as you all have your internet...sort of.
So, they're giving control of the internet you say?
Restrictions are not always a bad thing. Absolute freedoms, on the other hand, can be.
Absolute freedoms are not always a bad thing. Restrictions, on the other hand, can be.
And yes Sean, Obama and Congress has just voted as of last friday to give control of the internet over to foreign countries that have no freedom of speech laws like we have here in the US.
...And that WILL effect what websites are allowed to operate here in the US. No more shows that may disagree with our govt, or ANY govt. for that matter. No more web sites allowed to be critical of presidential control, or candidated that our govt. wants in office.
This is by far the weirdest plane case I've heard of, other than Amelia E., but that was a tiny plane and many, many years ago. In this day and age, a plane of this size just shouldn't vanish into thin freaking air, on TV maybe, but not in the real world. It sounds like the TV show, Lost, for crying out loud. I feel so bad for the families of those passengers, I do hope this is it so they can finally have some closure.
2 things have been proven with this event" 1. You can still get lost on Earth. 2. We're not as smart as we think.
In 1950 an airliner out of New York bound for Seatte with a stop-over in Minneapolis went down during a violent storm over Lake Michigan. The plane has never been found although there are people still searching for it. Imagine if they cannot locate a plane for over 60 years in 300 - 800 feet of water, what are the chances of finding a plane in 3000 - 9000 feet of ocean? Pretty remote.
The newest theory: The mermaids were ready to show atlantis to landlovers so they routed the first plane and now the world knows where atlantis is! Hooray!
It didn't vanish into thin air. It probably crashed in the Indian Ocean. The Indian Ocean is 28.5 million square miles. And the southern part has no routine air or shipping traffic. It's an incredibly vast and ignored part of the world.
Hey BOZO...your name sez it all!
It's funny because Obama sucks #$%$.
If someone up front decided to turn off all the tracking equipment and then avoided radar sites while flying over a vast expanse of ocean, it's very possible to "disappear". We're talking about a search area almost as big as the whole US at sea. Think about how large that is.
Yeah, but they are giving away watermelons in Kenya.
the plane is not in the maldives or the bermuda triangle so ignore any articles claiming such. the air france 447 lost in the c took 2 years to find wrecka and the amelia earhart plane took 76 to find in the Pacific Ocean. So for the record a plane has been lost in every ocean except the arctic
Actually I think like 83 or so planes have vanished since 1940. I heard this on the news.
so what makes this so special? its a plane they could have intercepted when they had the chance
@Editor He didn't say it vanished into thin air, he said "into thin freaking air" that's a BIG difference.
What about the disappearance of KAL 007 back in the 80's??? Japanese radar showed it landing on Salkaline island 12 minutes and 38 seconds after being shot by a Russian jet...
Hey Debican, go play Russian Roulette with a full chamber, so my chances are just as good as yours at winning you Sh_thead.
The irony is that scientists were able to track a great white shark all over the globe quite easily.
Planes and ships disappear in that part of the world more often than in the Bermuda Triangle. Google 'Dragon's Triangle' or 'Devil's Sea.'
The U.S. Military knows where the plane is.
Pilots are to protect the plane at all costs. If a fire occurred in the cargo hold sending smoke up into the cockpit, the pilots may have turned off the transponders to grapple with what was going on in the plane and try to correct it. I believe that plane either had a bomb in the cargo hold or some kind of catastrophic electrical problem causing the pilots to take extreme maneuvers to find a way to land somewhere so they went off course and tragically became like the passengers overwhelmed with smoke and the autopilot kept the plane on course until it crashed into the south Indian Ocean. I do not think it was taken over by anyone else.
They couldn't have gone that far off course without a distress call going out. It was hijacked and crashed, most likely by the pilot if I was betting on it.
Mayday....none.....seems strange that as soon that the jet was programmed to turn left BEFORE transponder went off...WHY??? is the question
Air France 447 (the one that went down going from Brazil to Paris) never emitted a distress call. Neither did TWA 800. Sometimes during a flight emergency a lot of things happen very fast. You are so busy and so overwhelmed with information there is no time to put out a distress call. The flight crew's first priority is to get the situation stabilized, and that might mean trying to immediately plot a course back to the original airport or some other airport. They may have successfully re-programmed the autopilot with a new course, but the events on board moved too quickly, and they were rendered unconscious or dead. The plane continued for hours on autopilot before the fuel ran out. But all this is still speculation, because the wreckage hasn't been found, and at this point may never be.
Your argument makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. Why exactly would they turn OFF the transponder to deal with an emergency? Unless your thought is that the transponder caught on fire.
nope, no fire... this is totally about who every was flying this plane...
Yes, and they also found the AF plane along it's route path and in a much bigger body of water!
Next they will be asking Oprah,Poopie and Hoda for a black perspective on this investigation!
Someone reprogrammed the computer to say,, HEY LET"S GO IN THE OPPOSITE DIRECTION FOR AWHILE! What the hell does that say? A skyjacking that went sour. The cabin was stormed by the 2 Iranians,, they forced the pilots to reprogram the course,, the plane turns around to head to Iran,, a struggle pursues,, the plane climbs to 47K,, pilots are killed,and Iranians overcome from altitude and lack of Oxygen,,killing them and the pilots and crew. , the plane goes back down to 27K ft. on auto pilot and flies until it runs out of fuel. End of story.
Ahh not really, if everyone is dead who reset the auto-pilot for 27K feet?
I really don't think passengers will ever allow hijackers to successfully storm a cockpit after 9/11.
It was set at 27K but a struggle happened in the cabin and the plane was pulled up in the struggle..then it went back to the original course once the yolk was not engaged.
Does anyone find it odd that while the world is glued to some mythical trash floating in the Indian Ocean, nothing at all is said of the symmetrical flip of INMARSAT's extrapolations...the arc that runs through Pakistan and Afghanistan. Suppose we have some special ops looking north while everyone else is glued south?
The extrapolation runs north and south. If MH370 went north over land, there's no way it's would have been spotted by Indian, Pakistani, Chinese, or US radars, Hence,the search south. It's called logical deduction, something you haven't yet mastered.
Doen't matter if it's spotted once it lands. Just ask Thailand how much they care about mystery objects in their airspace.
Wow, so many Sylvia Browns on Yahoo today! Better call in Teresa Caputo and Dionne Warwick to help too.
I looked at Google Earth right after this happened and due west is Somalia. I find it very strange that everyone says this plane could have gone north, south, east and not one mention of it heading west towards Somalia, Yemen, etc.
After sailing the oceans for years I know that there is literally more garbage floating out there than most people realize. The chances of that being part of that plane is slim to none and Slim left town.
What did you sail, your bathtub?.....lying Buffoon.
Perhaps we will start collecting all floating garbage from the Oceans?
You may be right, but the words the Australian PM used seem to indicate it is related to this flight. Time will tell, of course, but they're sending an awful lot of ships, planes, helicopters, etc. out there for it to be just nothing.
With this whole thing there's been too much speculation, too much gun jumping, a thousand theories and a million contradictions. Even now the media is running hog wild as if it's a done deal, "and now lets find those flight recorders!" You got one indistinct sat-photo of something...maybe...that's been released. I hope they have better than that, because I can't make jack squat out of it. Looking at it, it could be something in the water. Could be sun on the water. Could be Fred Noonan doing the Australian crawl. I'll wait for confirmation.
What will the black box tell us that we dont already know!!
Wileyloo, it will tell us where your brain dropped out so they can retrieve it and dispose of it properly, so it would be out of harms way of the American people.
More and more speculative reporting for ratings. If this turns out be part of the plane, dont expect anything other than more speculating. These parts could have floated to this location on the currents from anywhere for close to 2 weeks. Its in an area that is close to 2 miles deep in spots on very rugged and rough terrain provided the rest of the plane is under these objects once confirmed. It will take a very very long time to find the rest of it if at all given the underwater landscape. The families of the passengers will know the worst is confirmed, but sadly I doubt they will ever know the truth. My heart goes out to them.
They could not have floated from anywhere. If you read the article, they probably would have floated from 300 to 400 km (180 to 250 miles) to the west. That's a relatively small area.
If they are parts of the plane the rest of the world doesn't need to continue worrying about seeing it loaded with explosives and used in a terrorist attack like so many people think is going to happen.
From the beginning I felt it was flown on a suicide mission and put in the most remote and deepest part knowing how devastating it would be to family and others not knowing what happened. The two with stolen passport I think were just on the wrong plane and coincidence. As much as people don't want to believe the pilot could be the one who did this, he would be the logical one and not because Muslim. Many talk how wonderful he was and couldn't but remember people can be deceiving. Think of some of your serial killers who people thought no way. I hope that is the plane debris to give a bit of closure to the families, however, they will always have the question of why.
I am so sick of tired of this story, they do not know anything that happen to this airplane all they have is speculation and guesses. Someone in the Malaysian government knows what happen to this plane and where it is. I do not think what they found is anything by a wild goose chase. That plane was diverted to a new place where we will never know, and while we have all those speculators and making news out of nothing and repeating the same dam thing over and over. Tried to Fox News this morning and all they are talking about is this plane, and guess what they and their guest are saying the same thing they have been saying since day 1, we have BREAKING NEWS, what ever this is just a joke with no happy ending. This reporting is called TABLOID REPORTING because what they are talking about is nothing but speculation.
And you said, "That plane was diverted to a new place where we will never know". "This reporting is called TABLOID REPORTING because what they are talking about is nothing but speculation". Isn`t your OPINION about what happened to the plane nothing more than speculation in itself? I have to give you credit. For someone that is so damn sick and tired of this story, you felt a need to read the article and then comment on it afterwards! I think the sentence where you stated that you tried FAUX News this morning tells everyone all they need to know, regarding you and your mentality!
Question: If some uber-techno-geek teenager or some gnutbag secret agency from any government tried and succeeded in remotely contacting and controlling the computer aboard a commercial plane would this be something airlines and governments around the world would try to cover up? There is absolutely nothing that makes sense in this sad situation.
I am truly sorry for the apparent loss of life involved in this event. I am gradually moving toward the ranks of conspiracy theorists. The media is giving more time to this event than they are giving to the USA's failure to stand for anything as Putin carves up the Ukraine in flagrant violation of agreements that were made when the USSR collapsed. No surprise there. Hitler did the same thing with Austria in his time. Stay tuned, film at 11!
I doubt this is suicide by pilot or a terrorist attack, why fly the plane until the fuel runs out? My theory is solely based on circumstance facts that this was a major electrical malfunction, that caused the transponder to be knocked our as well as ACARS which from some reports “cannot be disabled” so the only way it could possibly turned off completely would be that it lost all electrical power, I think this happen rather quickly without enough time for the pilots to send a distress call since all systems were powered down, this set of events made the pilots make a turn back presumably to try to make an emergency landing but given that time of flight at (Midnight), it was complete dark as that area of the world is not heavily populated as major cities are , and given the above that all navigational systems were knocked down due to the electrical outage, this plane was truly lost and continued flying southward in hopes of reaching land but in reality they were in the middle of the Indian ocean, and they had ZERO hopes of reaching land thus causing it to run out of fuel and crash in the middle of the ocean. This is my opinion and I hope some of yall can agree to disagree with this, I strongly believe that this is really possible that a simple loss of certain electrical components can cause a plane to get lost and crash….
wait, TWELVE minutes before the pilot signed off for the final time, instructions were fed into the plane's computer to turn around and divert from its original course... based on the electrical malfunction theory, it must have happened AFTER the pilot signed off so explain the pre prepared diversion?
No. I'm sorry, redundant fail safe systems are in place on the #$%$ not a viable scenario.
The plane flew on for 6 hours because the pilots were chanting "alla akbar" the whole time. They needed 6 hours to finish their prayers.
Everything is recorded by satellite camera...they can spot an ant walking on earth from space, yet they cant figure out where a jumbo airline went? there is no debris underwater, no footage of it in the sky when replaying what was recorded that day, nobody even tried calling from their phones, nothing. This wreckage in the news today is something else, not the plane. The plane just vanished into thin air to the human eye. This is shameful. Very embarrassing. We will never admit that it was sucked into a parallel universe vacuum, and probably landed safely in that parallel universe. Sadly anything that goes in that universe never comes back to this one though.
highly doubt it just vanished, I suspect it is more an issue of the Malaysian Gov't not telling anyone what it really knows.. sweep it under the carpet.. and keep everyone in the dark. there is far more going on that the media has access too.. if you believe otherwise then I am sad for you. we are merely sheep spoon fed only the information that those in power think we need..
What the hell are you even talking about?
The culprit, if the plane has crashed in the Indian Ocean, will most likely be determined to be the pilot or co-pilot who decided for whatever reason to commit suicide and murder. Even if the plane managed to land and is intended for use as a vehicle for mass murder it will still be the pilot or copilot that is culpable. This to my knowledge the second time that a Muslim has decided to take his religious beliefs out on innocent passengers. Until Islam or any religion is discredited for doing such things by religious leaders and government leaders; both religion and government will be part of the problem instead of the solution. George Bush started this nonsense by his declaration that Islam is a religion of peace immediately after the Muslim terrorists flew their planes into the world trade center. President Obama has compounded the problem by basically telling Muslims world wide that their religious convictions are not subject to outside criticism and giving them moral equivalence. To which I say there is no such thing as moral equivalence, religions can only be better or worse or they would be the same religion. So if Islam is a religion of peace then let them show it by their actions. So regardless whether an individual is Jewish, Muslim or Christian or any other religion; if they claim to represent God they need to let God be the one who judges others; I believe God has appointed government to act as his ministers of wrath and does not need hired killers or self appointed judges to execute his dictates. People who do those things need to be confined to mental institutions as a danger to society. So whether people look to Moses, Jesus or Mohammad; we need to consider the author of their faith and the deeds he did and encouraged his followers to obey. As a Christian we are told to walk in love, Jews are told to follow the law, as for Muslims apparently there is no standard other than Jihad. And if that is the case, the rest of us need to be on guard to more of these types of sinister self appointed messiahs of death.
Blah, blah blah... , there was a fire or other problem, they turned around to land. On the way back the crew succumed to smoke or whatever and died. Plane keeps flying till its out of fuel
LOL...yeah, whatever D. One would think with that much smoke that there would be considerable damage to the plane making it almost impossible to continue flying for that long of a period.
So true..I would suggest reading Walid Shoebot's book "God's War on Terror" for anyone who is interested to know the truth.
How can you claim that Islam is someway connected to this tragedy? While I am no fan of any religion, that makes zero sense. Until there is more evidence that merely a hyperbolic hasty generalization. And for the record, there seemed to be more evidence of the pilot experiencing some problems with his political hero jailed and from some reports his wife leaving him all within a few days of the plane disappearing which would point more to someone who had an emotional breakdown than someone bent on jihad, Still even that is merely circumstantial in this case. Your post was more of a self-righteous smug rant of your own religion in attempt to convince others and others who believe like you that your religion is the "best".
Like Brandon, I too think that if there was a fire, there would be considerable smoke or damage causing it to either crash, blow up, etc., and I can't imagine it would be able to continue flying for so many hours. If a technical failure though, maybe it could fly for a long length of time?
Voice of Reason. Time will tell.
Ever read the stats on what happens to molested children? Pedophile priests have killed their fair share. Won't even get into the inquisition or crusades.
How many Muslims have murdered school children in U.S.- there is no race or religion free of malice of some sort at some time.
Voice of Reason, it so appear that his ''political hero'' as you call it, is also an islamist. So yeah, as always, it is islam the problem.
Does it make sense to turn off the transponder and acars just to fly it into the middle of no where??? Let's be real here folks, it's in the middle east, just my theory. They know where it is and your not going to hear about it because they don't want to let the bad guys know that they know.
Pakistan said they had nothing to do with it but wish they did. I think the plane is in #$%$
If the transponders were delierately disabled, what would lead us to believe that the voice and data recorders, beacons, etc. did NOT meet the same fate? My theory is that this was a test. "Can we [whoever "we" may be] abscond with a commercial airliner and conceal it without a trace?" Looks like "they" have exposed many security weaknesses.
Exactly what I was proposing. Whoever those pilots were, they knew EXACTLY what to do to manipulate the electronics/radar, etc. They do NOT want that plane found. Period.
This is so bizarre. None of the theories make any sense. They stole the plane to use for a later time...Why would you steal a plane full of passengers when there are thousands of cargo planes that you could steal and not have the added risk of 240 passengers foiling your plan. Pilot suicide...Why go through all of what was done just to crash when you can crash anywhere at any time. Electrical failure...240 cell phones on board and not one message not to mention all of the back up safety devices available to the crew. The only logical theory would be pilot suicide if the pilot wanted to crash at a specific spiritual or special place but then even still he would have to kill or subdue at least the other pilot. Totally baffling.
To prove a point. A cargo plane with only a couple people on it is not going to scare people to the extreme that a passenger plane is. The sheer fact the someone or some group was able to take down the planes ability to be tracked completely is the issue. What is next? A cruise ship? This is terrorism at its finest.
Covering his tracks during a pilot suicide (flying thousands of miles off course and hoping to never have the plane found) could be related to some insurance policies not paying in case of suicide. It also avoids the mass murderer label if the plane is never found.
Enough of your crazy common sense DAVID - there are dozens of crackpot theories that are much more exciting
Why did you vote for Obozo?.....because you are a stupid Leftwing Buffoon, that's why.
I've thought about there being people with cell phones on board but it was at 2 in the morning and most flights are completely quiet at that time with people sleeping plus at night most people wouldn't realize there's been a change of course. I think a scenario might be that the pilot convinced the co pilot to relax and go to sleep if he wanted to or he killed him inside the cockpit and just took over the controls entirely. The flight attendants may have not really noticed anything either which is why they didn't try to call out for help themselves. It is indeed baffling...
How is it possible at this point, one hasn't read why cell phones wouldn't work at that high of an altitude over the ocean? For F sakes people, once again, there are no cell towers in the ocean. After a certain altitude, cell phones won't even work very well over land without the plane being equiped with the proper antenna.. Also, once again, the plane could only bank safely at thirty degrees, so the passengers probably didn't even know the turn happened, and if the pilot decompressed the passer cabin, all of the passengers would have been knocked unconscious so confrontation is rendered impossible. None of that is baffling at all. Why this happened is the baffling part. If it were terrorism, someone would have came forward to take credit for it. It's either a bizarre way to commit suicide, a cargo heist, or the plane was intended to be kept for a future deed.
How is it possible at this point, one hasn't read why cell phones wouldn't work at that high of an altitude over the ocean? For F sakes people, once again, there are no cell towers in the ocean. After a certain altitude, cell phones won't even work very well over land without the plane being equipped with the proper antenna.. Also, once again, the plane could only bank safely at thirty degrees, so the passengers probably didn't even know the turn happened, and if the pilot decompressed the passer cabin, all of the passengers would have been knocked unconscious so confrontation is rendered impossible. None of that is baffling at all. Why this happened is the baffling part. If it were terrorism, someone would have came forward to take credit for it. It's either a bizarre way to commit suicide, a cargo heist, or the plane was intended to be kept for a future deed.
Like I said, it's baffling but I agree with your theory. Pilot suicide.
Delmore by all means please go and read the other "crackpot" theories. I'm sorry that my opinion was not exciting to you. I will try to keep all future opinions exciting enough to entertain you.
See that you do David. Your comon sense has no place here.
I feel quite sure someone knows where this plane is located. However, the facts will never truly be disclosed.
Hey! Acehole with the thumbs down, I'm willing to bet the plane is on dry ground intact and the crew and all passengers are alive. Another thing put one thumb in you mouth and the other in your ace and every 10 seconds play switch. How much money you got to loose on the bet? Put up or shut up Dingleberry!!!
It is possible, after all, to plow with a plough. Is there an editor in the house???
This is really getting out of hand. The plane was sited flying low over Malaysia shortly after it turned and disappeared from radar. Then it was spotted flying low over the Maldives. That would result in a course heading West towards Africa, not South where they are looking. That Australian satellite may have spotted something, but it is not the Malaysian Jet. The press continues to present nonsense and not the actual facts. Flight MH370 was a Boeing 777-200ER- This plane has a total range of 7725 nautical miles. A LARGE jet airliner was seen flying low over Malaysia, heading West, shortly after the plane disappeared from radar. A LARGE jet airliner with markings just like the ones for the Malaysian jet was seen flying low over the Maldives AND it was confirmed that it was not a scheduled nor known commercial flight. The most plausible scenario is this jet was highjacked and taken to either Africa or the Middle East. The plane easily has the range to make that trip and it was seen heading in that direction.
and people on Long Island were convinced they saw a flash in the sky towards TWA 800
I read somewhere that the Maldives report was false.
Rob...pull your head out of your #$%$. You have no idea any if that information is true. How did the Maldives see this plane when it was nighttime and dark out? So now you are trying to say there is a conspiracy with the US, Australia, Malaysia and 26 countries looking for this plane. You conspiracy people take the cake. You may as well be saying half the world is in a conspiracy to hijack a p#$%$enger plane. Why people like you want so desperately to believe there is something bigger than a simple plane crash is beyond me. But it doesn't surprise.
sited by whom? Two Malaysian fisherman and one or two people in the Maldives. I'm not saying it isn't possible but I am saying that the people who claim to have seen a low flying jet are a very small number of people. Another person claims to have seen a plane on fire crash into the ocean and you don't seem to feel like there is any certainty that this explains the situation. Why believe 1 eyewitness whose claims can't be confirmed over another?
You do know that eyewitnesses are the least reliable pieces of evidence in any investigation, right? After all, plenty of people have "seen" the Loch Ness Monster and Bigfoot too, but that doesn't mean they exist.
"nyc m" brings an unrelated, but interesting point: A number of credible witnesses saw a flash consistent with a ground to air rocket streaking toward TWA 800. This fit perfectly with what happened. This was disregarded entirely by the investigators (and, of course, the government owned MSM) and one of the most outrageous explanations ever was doled out. I'm sure this matter with the missing plane will be handled the same way.
actually it can go 11,000 miles, but we do not know the amount of fuel it was carrying; planes do not carry excess fuel. That distance is about 2700 miles from KL to Beijing, and the fuel carried by that plane would be commensurate with that flight.
No, the sighting over the Maldives is not credible. The "pings" from the engine indicate this is a possible location. The tanks were not full to capacity at takeoff, and the amount of fuel indiates that the plane could have reached this area. A FACT is that at 7 1/2 hours flying time ,the engine pinged the satellite and that created a locus of points; the plane HAS to be somewhere on that locus of points. It had at most 30 minutes of flying time left, and there was no additinal "ping" so it was not in the air long enough to send another transmission That limits the distance it might have flown from the "arc" defined by the last "ping" received - those are the facts, and they do not place the plane over the Maldives, nor on the way to Africa.
Planes only fill their fuel slightly over what it takes to make their scheduled trip. This is because the extra fuel creates extra weight which means you burn more and become less efficient. Just because a full tank of fuel will get them across to Africa, doesn't mean that the tank was actually full.
And Robert, we DO know the amount of fuel. Estimated flying time - 7 1/2 hours.
sounds like u know a lot more than the people working on this mystery...maybe you could help them out because apparently you know how so much about this??
The pilot was supposed to stay on course just like ground crew was supposed to not put in a full load of fuel. Easily could have taken off with a full load of fuel. A pilot was in on this so a ground crew member may have been as well. The Maldives sighting was the following morning, in daylight you jackass (Joe Head). Learn the difference between nautical miles and regular miles. The comments to my post is exactly why they can continue this lie, so many of you are too #$%$ stupid to understand basic sense. Saying that a witness may have confused seeing a 777 is just moronic. To compare it to Loch Ness or UFO sitings is laughable. This jet was flown over one of the most remote areas of the planet- that is why there are not more witnesses.
See the satellite image up close? Who is reminded of that oil leak where we allegedly saw the attempts to stop the leak, by underwater camera? This is probably junk from the Japanese tsumani or something that fell from a cargo ship.
Here's and idea. Whoever manufactures these black boxes/recorders. Do they not have the capability to outfit these pieces of equipment with floatation devices that would deploy at a certain depth similar to an air bag deploying in a car. Then the boxes would float on the surface making recovery in the ocean all that much easier. I don't know seems like this is something Boeing should consider.
I don't know a thing about it but I would imagine anything that would have that capability wouldn't be structurally sound enough to withstand an explosion or some other catastrophic event, rendering the black box useless. Just guessing.
Good idea (a small high pressure nitrogen gas bottle attached to an air bag bolted to the box that would suddenly inflate) but of course it would not work if the plane went down with the boxes still confined inside.
TheGreenSteven, ya, I got a thumbs down on my doubt about the idea. BUT, at least James is thinking. Brainstorming is an action and never was an exact science.
I had to turn off the video. The reporter sounds like he has Down's syndrome.
It is said thro some of the comments here, most muslims are haters of non-muslims. Just look out in this MH 370 episode, one muslim ; just to kill few non-muslims ; has killed more amount of his own muslims. This kind of HATE is permitted and preached only in Islam. Will moderate god fearing muslims educate and change the other side ? OR otherwise; there would be a World War @ some point of time ; between muslims and non-muslims; most certain.
how does the 2 passengers using anybody's passport haven't noticed by the airline agents when they asked for passport before giving them a boarding pass?
Toni, why do women who's names end in vowels seem to be unable to express a coherent thought in standard English? It's a real mystery to me. I think it might be genetic.
So let me get this strait, now they are saying that after the aircraft was lost on radar this aircraft made a 180 flu back over Malaysian air space at around 30.000 feet as possibly as a unidentified aircraft at this point and the Malaysian military and air traffic control did not see anything wrong with that scenario, who is looking at radar in that country blind people ?.
Strait? George? 180 flu? Temperature of a fever? Interesting.
That's what I thought. How could it fly back over Malaysia undetected. It has landed somewhere and secret negotiations for ransom are being conducted.
I STILL DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY THE PILOT WILL MAKE A U TURN, IF HE WANTS TO COMMIT SUICIDE, WHY FLY FOR ANOTHER 6 HOURS ? IS HE HAVING A SECOND THOUGHT.
It makes zero sense. if he wanted to hijack a plane and kill innocent people, why would he turn the plane away from land and ditch in the Southern Ocean? As NoBody pointed out, all he had to do was turn the plane downward and crash it. Also, how did he subdue an entire plane full of passengers and crew?
Possibly, but what happened to the other 200 plus passengers and crew?
decompression above 10000 feet would kill everyone fairly quickly. I personally believe this crash was a result of decompression. The only question in my mind is accidental or intentional?
Those people aren't moving through space at 500 miles an hour. :-)
The only two other crashes in history that resemble this were two small chartered jets, one in 1999 and the other in 2000. both lost pressurization which led to hypoxia and killed all aboard. these planes both ran on autopilot for hour before crashing when out of gas. One was in the US and the other was over Perth Australia.
Also, they keep saying the communications systems were "disabled' but we don't really know how accurate that is. Perhaps whatever caused decompression also took out the transponder? Perhaps signals were lost simply because of where the plane was traveling and limitations of radar in the southern ocean.
look up the stats on altitude and oxygen needs when flying. it is VERY different from land based O2 needs.
Agreed I said people can start to die above 10,000 feet, my own estimate. The research says anywhere above 5,000 feet but most often, deaths from hypoxia occur above 12,000. In any case, this plane was more than high enough to kill everyone on board if the cabin's lost pressure. This could explain why the plane was observed flying so low (if the reports are true). Perhaps a dazed pilot was trying to combat the O2 deprivation.Lots of possibilities here but my instinct tells me this was an accident. However, I can easily change my mind as evidence surfaces and if it suggests otherwise. With that said, my "bet" is on either explosive or rapid decompression.
Hope it is found for all the families and friends who need answers.
One question why is it that Humans think planet earth is the only Planet that has life?? What about the Roswell incident and the Bermuda Triangle what was this, illusions or fabrications mmmmmm. Jets just do not vanish ok ? What about the tracking transmitters what is their function? So many questions and nobody has any answers, I really feel for the people who had families on this airline I'm sure no one can even imagine.
I think you're the first post I've seen who think we have them at Area 51. Congrats!
These aren't the first people who had family die in a plane crash. They won't be the last. No one likes experiencing these unfortunate events any more than finding out a family member is deathly ill. If it were a different airplane it would different people. It is likely none of these families angonized over the Air France plane crash. Other people did. Further, we will humor you and say many planets have life. What does that do for these people? Oh, I see. If aliens took them it will be a much better outcome.
Unlike Malaysia, the Austalian efforts seem to be spot on. Sadly, Australia finding is probably the wreckage. This whole situation is so disturbing and not sure that Malaysia is telling all they know.
A Islamic Country full of Muslims has an airplane go missing. Yeah,I think they are being rather clandestine about the situation.
They ought to drop a mic into the narrowed part of the search zone to see if they can hear the flight recorder ping.
Bin Laden was disposed of in a very deep unknown area of the Indian ocean. Muslims have a history of making a pilgrimage to their martyrs burial place. This muslim pilot made a pilgrimage to the place of his martyr bin ladens burial. Or he came as close as he could estimate bin ladens burial place to be, he also brought along some human sacrifices with him. The fact that he brought them in an airplane makes it even better, as everyone knows that having planes full of innocent victims sacrificed is what made bin laden happy. This twisted muslim pilot was doing his best to make his pilgrimage to bin ladens burial place successful and did what he thought would make bin laden happy.
Was the crash on an anniversary of some sort. Islamic Jihadists seem to like to things like this on anniversaries.
Rad, if you look up Osama Bin Laden, you will see that he met his demise in a Pakistan Hospital long before he was so called killed by the SEAL's! So, what or who they buried at sea, was not Bin Laden! The man was an impostor, that is why he was disposed of in an undisclosed location! These are words from one of the SEAL members!
I currently understand the sadness of dealing with this tragedy, that said, I like the Chinese are not appreciating the fact that dozens of countries, hundreds of personnel are risking THEIR OWN LIVES to join in on this search. And on top of that, the Chinese are demanding and screaming that the plane be found NOW ----I do not appreciate their attitude towards the governments, the airline, the Malaysian officials, or all the others who have the same goal---finding the plane. Just have to say this.
correction: should read I THINK the Chinese....
I'd be surprised if it's the missing plane this far south. I do wonder of it might be the missing yacht Nina that disappeared last June. This satellite image looks remarkably similar to an object that was captured in October. At the time there was speculation that it might be the lost ship, but that wasn't confirmed as searchers were unable to locate the object via air search. Whether it's 230+ people on a plane or 7 people on a sailboat, it's agonizing for relatives to wonder what became of their loved ones. Hopefully this new image leads to something that will give them peace.
Why haven't they taken this down those two objects that were thought to have been pieces of the plane were already proven to be a ship this morning why do they keep talking like its something.
They were not proven to be a ship. Stop making up stuff.
This morning on 1010 WINS news radio, they kept repeating that this was determined to NOT be valid, the objects seen were determined to be a freighter and dolphin pods. Everything sounds bizarre now.
This amazes me. There is so much stuff floating around out there that these objects could be anything. But every news station jumped all over it, and now they have their collective experts discussing it and over analyzing it, just for ratings. I wish the news agencies would keep the families of the passengers in mind and treat this with some respect. Maybe not report a "lead" and wait for actual facts.
We're suppose to be able to read a license plate on a car with our satellite's and these are the best pictures of the debris we can get.
Send in the Drones. (Sung to the same tune as "Send In The Clowns")
I bet they can read the writing on your big girl panties you Buffoon?
What kind of satellite's are they using? I can get better zoom pictures with either Google or Bing maps.
Didn't they say two men boarded this plane with fake passports and Interpol missed it. Why haven't I heard anything else about this?
It was covered extensively in the news for almost full week. Reading is fun!
Interpol didn't miss it. Their database of millions of stolen passports is available for airports to check, but most don't. Investigators have pretty much ruled out those two men as suspects. One of them was just trying to escape Iran and get to his mother in Germany.
They already ID'd the men and ruled them out. They were just trying to escape Iran and defect to Germany.
I am not exceptionally bright with an I.Q. However I doubt this is an act of terrorism because the group responsible usually takes responsibility at some point to get their point/message across.( As warped as it may be). It will also seem to my extremely limited intellect that China has to much trade interest to launch an attack.
@Christopher...don't disparage your IQ. Your observation about terrorists claiming "credit" is not irrational. But, in this case I think it is terror and that it has been wildly successful beyond the wildest dreams of the perpetrators. The primary motive of all terrorists, regardless of underlying philosophy is to create maximum chaos. Say what you will, but for 13+ days this has taken over the news world wide. It has engaged the military and intelligence assets of a couple of dozen nations which are actively involved in the search. It has exacerbated tensions between governments, particularly China and Malaysia and potentially destabilized commercial aviation world wide, and in particular in SE Asia. It may bring down Malaysia Air and the government of Malaysia. Whether that's a good or a bad thing is not for me to opine on. And, unlike previous terror plots which resulted in concentrated military action against the ostensible terrorists who claimed responsibility, in this case no one knows where to look, let alone strike back. It may be a demonstration of technical terror expertise by an entity with patience. It could be a political decision by a government which may have figured that the aircraft would never be found. It still may not be, but if the newest possible debris is from the aircraft and the voice recorders in particular are recovered, look for finger pointing and threats of military action.
Ira makes some great points and I think this may just be part of a larger plan.
Ira' You do make a compelling argument that this my very well have been terrorism to result in Chaos and plant suspicions and to turn governments against Others and of course like cyber terrorism you do not know who the enemy is, Of course the very world terrorism is derived from the world terror. However In my observation I did not see a great deal of contempt between country's and for the most part communications flight or otherwise still seem in tack and no government leaders have shown contempt for other country's to the degree you are saying. It does though get bloggers like us talking discussing.such theory's which might contribute to growing tensions in the world but so far out resources remain in tack but granted strained. Thanks for your input and incite Ira it is safe to say your I.Q. surpasses mine. (Not difficult to do.)
I like to hear those conspiracy theorists have to say.
They need to trace the ocean currents for 12 days and then establish the search area.
If you read the article closely Norm, they have already done that. "University of Western Australia Professor of Oceanography Charitha Pattiaratchi said that, based on currents in the area, if the debris is from the plane it probably would have entered the water around 300-400 km (180-250 miles) to the west"
Yes, I agree with you. In my mind, it should be searched at the beginning of the debris of MP 370, right away. it should help the search and rescue organizations.
This is what I said in my other post. I think it would be best to get all informations of leads confirmed first before posting it out to the media. It will only torture more the relatives of the passenger if we give, New leads, possible part of the aircraft, could be, what if. I mean, lets not make the lives of the relatives harder than it is. Validate first the news before sending it out. If it's not vital, don't send it out.
Am I the only person thAT CAN CONTROL THEIR EMOTIONS AND NOT MAKE A FOOL OF MY SELF IN PUBLIC?????
No sh_t, REALLY?......WOW!, you're a bright Buffoon.
So, are we to believe that the pilots or somebody else turned off the transponders, changed course, flew under radar detention to fly the plane into the ocean? Why such a complex plan just to destroy the plane? Is they're something wrong with the water in the South China Sea?
Detection, not detention. There, not they're.
Exactly what I was wondering, if they were going to ditch it they could have done it immediately
You would not want it found if you wanted your family to get your insurance.
Maybe they were trying to put out the fire! I haven't heard that one yet; but, maybe if listened to long enough, someone will come up with it. After all, how are they to also explain how a plane flew 6-7 hours with a fire on board?
Whomever did this figured plane would never be found-putting spotlight on Malaysia for long term.
If they ditched it immediately the story would have been over after a day or two, this way the world has continued to look at Malaysia for almost 2 weeks. It's political.
Long story, but a pilot of another commercial flight in the 90's had committed suicide and when they recovered the black box and verified this, his family felt great shame and disrespect. Just a thought, but maybe this pilot didnt want the same shame to fall on his family; so he intentionally flew way off course and under the radar to a remote/ DEEP part of the ocean in hopes the black box will never be recovered.
What we're forgetting is how terribly spelled BigDog's argument is, even with spell check!
Time to stop with the speculations and "breaking news" over "possible debris". Get back to us when you have hard core evidence that the debris from the plane has been found and identified.
Alien abduction is the only plausible answer!
I feel so bad for families on the victims on the flight. They all want answers and not the not knowing his killing them. It's hard to come up with answers though when no one really knows what is going on. I'm sure they're tired of hearing all these theories circulating. Not that I want bad news to arise, but I hope this is the plane and that the families can get some closure so we can all finally put this to rest. The media has been no help with their sensationalization of all the theories that have arisen.
And how can anyone thumb this one down too?
Can you believe that picture of the poor woman crying in agony and that IDIOT reporter w/her mic stuck in her face ?? I would slap that girl silly if I saw that happening ! Yes, even to a stranger. That's so wrong .
Back when reporting and journalism were actually respected professions, this story would have been about 5 minutes on the nightly news and about 3 column inches on the back page of a decent newspaper. Now, the pack of rabble that calls themselves journalists, including print, TV, and internet, soil themselves trying to out last the competition with nothing, repeat NOTHING new to report except wild speculations. Pitiful. Too bad these lackeys don't try as hard to report the truth when it comes to the outright lies put forth from the current administration.....
So true Mr. Rubble. We can all thank the computer for making our lives so much better in every way.
wow, when they get through looking for the plane maybe we could use the satellite to look for big foot.
is that supposed to be funny?
Can you even imagine the amount of waste and junk floating in the ocean NOT RELATED to a plane crash?
Most junk is pretty small. Wrecked boats would probably the largest.
I'm looking at waste and junk right now, YOU!......for voting for Obozo.
Do all of you think the countries have nothing to do & are searching a quarter of the remote world for free? And keeping secrets? This isn't sci-fi, folks. It doesn't matter what happened, THEY'RE GONE, yes, hate me, THEY'RE GONE THEY'RE GONE THEY'RE GONE THEY'RE GONE THEY'RE GONE THEY'RE GONE, like all the other aviation mysteries never solved. This isn't any more spectacular or a failure just because we think modern technology will produce magic or play God. Accept the dead and stop blaming each other. The hate comes thru everything, all the time, never ending.
Another wild goose chase. Media, don't report speculation. Wait and let us know when someone really finds something concrete evidence of what happened to the plane. Possible debris is not concrete evidence.
Why is it that I can see what brand of soccer ball is sitting in a yard when I use google maps but these images of debris are horrible? Can't they re-purpose a satellite to photograph the area of concern now that it is clear and can't they do it in high resolution?? With all of this technology at our disposal you would think we could come up with something.
Let's presume you are speaking of 'spy' satellites. Please explain why a 'spy' satellite would be orbited over a great expanse of ocean? It would likely be orbited over a land mass,where people and things to watch are generally located.
Also spy satellites have a fairly narrow field of view. You would have to know pretty much exactly where the object of interest will be and when before you reposition a satellite to track it (which by definition you don't know if it's lost). Also you would have to convince whatever agency is operating the satellite that you have a good reason why you need it. Also you wouldn't be able to see anything at night anyway, unless the satellite had heat sensors that could see the aircraft's engine exhaust AND it hadn't already crashed.
@Scott - no, I'm not talking about Google Maps Street View. I'm talking about Google Maps satellite photos. They are amazingly clear and detailed.
@David - All satellites are "spy" satellites if you wan to look at it that way. They can point the satellites in any direction they want and take high resolution photos. All they need is clear skies. My question is why aren't they doing here?
Wild goose spotted off Australia. Searchers divert resources to chase lead
Why wasn't a jet scrambled the second it was known they were off course??? Anything could have been going on on board! For the safety of all involved, that off course turn shold have been investigated by a scrambled military jet.
You'd think that would be SOP after 911.
Whose military? Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, Thailand? I guess there was no chance that air traffic control turned them. Nope, if an aircraft turns it must be deviant behavior. Duh!
Oriental Muslims are a good as any other Muslim in the world. Some think that only Arabs can be good Muslins: We have Chechens, Chinese, Indonesian and Blacks proving them wrong, no discrimination, all can be good Muslims.
to be a good muslim you have to have your brain's neurotransmitters tightly knit and a high level cortisol and low level of endorphines
That's the one I am talking about Senior
Okay hateful moron! You've been reported for threatening me and others. SHUT UP!
A wise man is one who keeps their mouth shut and ears and eyes wide open. Mindless speculation and conspiracy theories are just that, mindless. Speculation and theories without facts do not help. It is just like optimists and pessimists seeing the glass half full versus half empty. Conspiracy theory nuts see conspiracies in everything. In life the most logical and plausible answer to most questions is usually the simplest. A good detective always looks for motive and so will give you the best chance of rounding up the usual suspects to pursue first. In this case there are so many conflicting reports and accounts and possible withholding of information so as not to hinder the search that there is no way any person sitting behind a keyboard can make any educated guess whatsoever with any confidence.
You imply a logical/plausible explanation for this exists. What is it?
You should have done everyone a favor and kept your own mouth shut.
At least this lead, sounds comforting. Lets pray for the safety of the search teams, cause that is the mildest of the seas, I have known...
Finding debris from this plane is so important because what if it's somewhere being outfitted with a nuke or dirty bomb. Just everybody get out of the way and let the FBI and american investigators get to the bottom of it. It's an american plane and americans were on board, so don't interfere with american investigators.
Sadly Albert the world does just not function that way. Its a Malaysian plane bought form an American company. It is their jurisdiction and unless we have their permission, we cannot interfere.
The Blunt Ugly Truth 2 months ago Fact is, if the majority population were black... Whites would have been the slaves. The tribes dominating throughout civilization have enslaved those who were different or outside from them. In some cases whites were grouped differently and enslaved as well. The Irish for example were oppressed. I guess they just drink it off without seeking reparations.
I have a cousin in Pakistan Navy who on logistical level is playing a part in the efforts as far as Arabian Sea area is concerned. P-3 Orions are the proper aircraft for an operation - even one as mind boggling as this. Sonobuoys will be utilized. Goes without saying - you need to know the flight manual well to shut off a transponder; it's a very manual process involving more than just a mere dial (as some idiots in the media claim). The aircraft was most certainly commandeered. It's #$%$ to even talk about engine fires or mechanical issue when there wasn't a single mayday call to the ATC they were in contact with at the time. First and foremost - there are elements who want to see Malaysian-Chinese relations further deteriorate. I'd want to know if any high ranking Chinese or Malaysian military or intelligence personnel were onboard. In 1999, you may recall Egypt Air flight which initially they blamed on mechanical failure or pilot suicide. The reality is that 30 officers of Egyptian military were onboard that aircraft - having just been receiving special training from their American counterparts. This made the israelis angry (as they always get when Arabs get any airplane, bullet or even communication equipment). Guaranteed it's foul play on the part of pilots or those close to them. It ran out of fuel and hit the water at Mach 0.7 or it otherwise headed towards Diego Garcia which I understand is rented by british to Americans for "listening" purposes. If it got close to the island, American SAM would have obliterated it to pieces and there would be a cover-up of some sort. Something is fishy. Ocean is vaster than you think, but over a week later some of a million components of a 240+ passenger aircraft should've been found. Titanium doesnt float, but there are hundreds of thousands of components that would eventually rise to the top over miles of radius
It's one #$%$ for the transponder, the only person that would need a manual Is a dot head
It requires getting access to and removing a high voltage circuit breaker....to disable and enable is a very deliberate process and there are several instances in which a pilot will have to refer to the aircraft/flight manual -- even for some "basic" things
The Blunt Ugly Truth 29 days ago I have a bacterial infection.
With the floating objects they saw, why not resort to the builder of the plane asking them? Somehow its size and appearance will produce a clue and thereby continue the search accordingly. May your efforts be not in vain. Above all, may their souls be at peace.
If this will become true, how is that there are no radars in Australia? If the plane crashed near Perth (west coast of Australia) it is the best place for UFOS and other objects to enter earth without been detected by anybody.
Don R ! You missed my point! Why can't you understand that being out of radar range has NOTHING TO DO WITH WHAT I AM SAYING! The aircraft should have a locator signal that transmits to a satellite WHEREVER it is and it shouldn't be able to be shut off by anyone on the plane! Have you heard of satellites? They can locate you wherever you are if it is working and turned on!
Who's Don R? Have you ever heard of electrical fries from things you can't shut off? Do you know there are places on the earth that a satellite can't find you?
Has anyone noticed the pictures of the 2 people with the stolen passports. Obviously photo shopped, the legs down in both photos are EXACTLY the same.
Recently, a group of college students were able to virtually take control of a plane designed to replicate a commercial airliner, (under US supervision) from a remote location. (This was done by "spoofing" the planes GPS system, thus overriding the Auto-pilot feature.) Although this may have not been the case in this situation, it is at least as probable as any of the scenarios postulated to date. Why has there been no discussion of the remote hijacking possibility. This would have been a great test of a remote take over operation, based on the location of the flight and the time of departure. Just saying...
please provide a citation that supports your claim.
I remember reading about this too. Surprised I haven't seen it mentioned more with this. David - dont be lazy, google it.
thats real scary amy..dont even want to think of that
Eric, it is intellectually lazy to make a claim that you cannot back up with a reputable source. Your base ignorance is overwhelming and indicative of an immature pup.
You can't remotely TURN OFF the transponder and, also, you can't "turn" the ACARS off remotely or even with a switch. ACARS does not have an "on/off" switch, it can only be unpowered by pulling a circuit breaker and only a knowledgable person (pilot) would know which breaker to pull.
You cant fool a mechanical compass. They would notice that right away.
A group of college students?.....you mean the Idiots that voted for Obozo?.....HAHAHAHAHAHA!!! That says it all you Putz.
"Recently, a group of college students were able to virtually take control of a plane designed to replicate a commercial airliner..." Actually, this was a cut scene from Animal House. The Yuppie Frat House Boys commandeered a 'replica commercial airliner.' The 'replica' was a radio control plane being flown by the school's RC Aviation Club and the frat boys used a remote unit and commandeered the RC plane. It's well documented in Google.
PS. David, d some homework yourself. I NEVER claimed that this is what happened, just wondering why no talk of this possibility. David, you seem to be trying to misrepresent the hacking angle. Are you covering for someone?????
This is the drone "spoofing" link http://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2012/07/02/drone-hackedwith-1000-spoofer/ I've spent the last hour trying to upload this link and it keeps getting removed.
David, it appears that you are the "intellectually lazy" idiot. Use the porn box your starring at and do a search.
Amy. You make the claim, you provide the proof. Simple concept lost my those with simple minds. You probably whined to your teacher for getting a poor grade on your term paper -- because you didn't cite your work properly. And. Please, covering for someone? How paranoid are you?
Amy, "porn box". Is that the best you can muster? I've heard kindergarten kids hurl more biting insults. Plus, I'm "intellectually lazy" because I won't do your work? You are Exhibit A of abysmal arrogance.
David, It was YOU who wanted to fact check me. I'd have come over to you house to cut and paste the links I provided, but your mom said you were grounded. apparently too much "back talk" for her liking.
Trying again are you. No, I wasn't fact checking you. I was asking you to substantiate your claim. Finally, after hours of behaving like a recalcitrant adolescent, you did provide some substantiation.
Eat me David, I don't live to reply to you.
Obviously you do, Amy. Despite your kind offer ("eat me"), I must decline. I go for quality, not quantity, so that pretty much counts you out. BTW, you do behave like a recalcitrant adolescent. I am guessing you are in your mid 20's and your brain has not reached full maturity. If you are older than that, please accept my sincerest regrets for your condition.
Not sure what is worse the lack of competence of the Malaysian government or the drama of the Chinese families… The people on this plane are dead now. Either the plane is in the ocean or if it is terror, they killed them all.
It's something different everyday and no answers for families. It's safe to say that regardless of whether this is a piece of the plane in the Indian Ocean or not, this will go down in history as the most baffling and mysterious event in aviation history.
Uh, that honor belongs to the disappearance of Amelia Earhart. The mystery surrounding her disappearance was that: She went down and disappeared, never found; she landed on an island with her supposed lover who joined her; etc.
@Barbara, I know Earhart's disappearance was the most baffling until now. See, this event involved a large number of victims and theory after theory after theory is being thrown out there. If the plane is in the Indian Ocean, it still will always leave unanswered questions - veering off course, flying for 7 hours after signal lost, etc. Now do you think the lives of 239 people whose plane vanished and couldn't be found with the technology we have today isn't the most baffling event? Let me remind you that in Amelia Earhart's time we didn't have the technology we do today. If we did, we probably would have had more clues about what may have happened to her.
I wish the media would not have the need to show that poor mother in agony over her lost child over and over. it makes me angry and causes me to change channels. have some respect for these families.
Enough of the speculation. Show us proof!
Seriously? Hundreds of thousands of hours of game play? By a single person? There are 24 hours in a day; 168 hours in a week; 730.484 hours in a month; 8,765.81 hours in a year; 87,658.1 in a decade; and on and on. To reach "hundreds of thousands of hours" in game play, he'd have had to have played non-stop without sleep for perhaps 30 years or more. Where'd he find time to fly a plane amidst all that?
It said "hundreds AND thousands of hours", which I assume means that different games logged different hours, ranging from hundreds to thousands.
It does? *checks article* Well it looks like Yahoo changed up the article because that entire reference is completely missing now, but I'll take your word on it. That makes no sense though. I get your take is an attempt to make something of it, but getting in "thousands" of hours on a single game would still be quite difficult, more so if he plays multiple games regularly as implied.
According to my measurements and calculations what we are seeing in this image is the SS Minnow.
Let me see here...It appears the Russia take over is really heating up. Looks like we maybe headed into a big war over it. Obama ignores it and makes basket ball picks instead. People are saying, this may be the begiing of WWIII, but yet, this lost plane story is the top story in the news. In fact, it's hard to even find any news about the heated Russian war situation!? That's are fine media hard at work for you!
It's amazing how many countries have all come together in this crisis to help find this plane. ...meanwhile, in Russia...
There are stories all over the news about what's been going on with Russia, and many countries are involved in that also.
Some people just don't get it...
The picture with this article says it all. A woman crying with grief, and reporters with microphones stuck in her face. The press has no morals nor shame in their quest for ratings. Disgusting.
look what they did to the folks in Sandy Hook on the one year anniversary the town wrote letters to the press telling them to stay away, and they did. They are savages needing to sell their stories of human despair
The are worse than sales people
Could not agree more. The press are almost as bad as liberals.
the plane is not in the maldives or the bermuda triangle so ignore any articles claiming such. the air france 447 lost in the took 2 years to find wrecka and the amelia earhart plane took 76yrs to find in the Pacific Ocean. So for the record a plane has been lost in every ocean except the arctic
It's just amazing how I feel the same way as most of you, I too think the press is a disgusting mass of goo. The only problem I have is that I, and all of you, want to hear what the Goo has found out. We want all the info they can possibly get. See if it was not for us disgusting mass of goo, of wich I am chief, those other Goo that report on the tragedy that happens in all our lives. They would not have a job!!!
Russ - There is such a thing as 'responsible reporting". If someone is grieving, report the issue but don't try to get an interview with the victims.
The media has been blowing this all out of proportion with all these paranoid theories---all to boost ratings and make us watch commercials. Landing on an island, 239 hostages, mega-bomb gonna crash into Isreal, etc,etc, nauseating! It's all about the cell phones. With at least 200 on board, if the plane was on land anywhere in the world at least one signal would've been detected. For that reason, sadly, the plane is on the ocean bottom somewhere---eventually to be found.
I used to live on an Island, 30 miles off the US coast. The cell phone coverage was almost non-existent until they put up massive cell towers everywhere. 30 miles is about how far you can talk on a cellphone without equipment. And the international roaming charges will kill you.
Yes, you are correct. It's a media feeding frenzy, let's not loose site of the fact that 239 people with families were onboard.
You couldn't be further from the truth. Everyone, not just the media, has been speculating what could have happened to this plane. It's not about the cell phones because you have no way of knowing what could have taken place on the plane while out over the ocean. The hijackers could have climbed to the altitude some have suggested to intentionally make the passengers pass out or die and then confiscate their phones. That may be far fetched but neither you or I know and therefore it is all a possibility. I do believe they did crash into the ocean but until something was found anything was possible.
everything the nit-wit news media reports, take with a grain of salt, they know nothing except what some other stupid news media reports, ha ha
USMoron, I'm sure you watch the news which makes you an Idiot?......and especially after voting for Obozo, you sack of Sh_t.
ChrisG, where was that, Gilligans Island?.......HAHAHAHA!!!!!!! Lying Buffoon.
Boeing has information concerning the electronic messaging from the plane after it disappeared...our government has satellites that can read your license plate clearly...other countries only come out with information ten days later...with everything combined you can bet we're being lied to. It just so happens that 20 of the people on board the plane were technicians working for a company who is building a cloaking system for aircraft etc that will hide it from radar screens. Gee, two muslim pilots and everything foud out about them flying a sophisticated 777...turning off electronic tracking equipment...the 20 technicians on board...boeing telling the airline that their plane was still flying (and Malaysian officials saying it wasn't true)...nothing looking like terrorism here...keep moving...keep moving.
20 people working for a company who is building a cloaking system???? Get real!
Put that tinfoil hat back on, John.
A satillite can read a plate if it is POINTED at it. Cloaking system...lol were they Romulans?
It's obvious that Boob, Paulie and willie haven't got a clue what those 20 technicians are. Typical morons who know nothing.
Anyone who thinks there could be a cloaking system caling others a moron? Maybe Bigfoot was in crate in the cargo hold as well.
They had this information for four days! You would think that with everything we have...that they would already know if it was the missing aircraft. I hope that they learn from this and they make it where the transponder can not be turned off. I don't understand why they would make it so that it could be turned off...what was the point of that? They spend so much money on security at the airports...why not spend some money on making it where the transponder can not be tampered with? No matter what we do to try and stop terrorist...they will some how manage to take over. But at least we will know where the plane is, instead of all this guessing! My heart goes out...to all the family's that had a loved one on that plane.
Exactly. It seems like everyone is holding back information. Really bad coordination among the countries.
And just why should YOU know anything more about it sooner???? There's nothing wrong with waiting for 4 days for security reasons along with the fact that it's not even confirmed it's part of the missing plane. Go do something useful like stay in school or read a good book instead of whining on the Internet.
Have you any idea how big the search area is, they're dealing with. Winds, currents, tides, ocean movement... it's not static like land. They haven't even reached this sea debris yet to confirm anything. Also, you cannot have an electrical unit in an aircraft that cannot be switched off due to electrical failure and fire. It's a serious hazard on an aircraft.
Its says that the imagery was dated march 16th but it could take a while to get imagery from that satalite. I'm sure with the whole world watching and wanting answers they acted as fast as they could.
Older&Wiser... And what are you doing that's useful? Maybe you should read a book...or better yet take a long long long long walk!
IslandMeg...They say that they can read a license plate from the satellites....and yet they can not tell what this is in the ocean? And I understand the part of electrical failure and fire. All I saying was with all the technology these days...you think they would come up with something so that if a plane like this goes missing again they would be able to find it within hours(if not sooner). Because most likely it will happen again.
Hopefully they used their seats as a flotation device.
Looks like the sun reflecting off of a steep wave in the Roaring 40s.
Malaysia official said he is 'hopeful' that its it! Gee! I was kinda 'hoping' it landed some where safe instead of the bottom of the ocean
Hey Buffoon! I notice you call everyone an Idiot. So I am guessing that if If I wanted to commit suicide, all I would do is jump from your ‘EGO’ to your ‘ IQ Level’.
I came across this nugget of truth... 'The National Transportation Safety Board found that there was an unusually large consignment of lithium-ion batteries on the cargo manifest…' My guess. Accidental. And Boeing is terrified that it will get out that a lithium battery caught fire.
If the batteries are not under load they're not going to catch fire.
how did you 'come across' this rubbish?
All these unanswered questions and the only country who has publicly ramped up security is Israel?
how do you know we didn't..does the NSA check with you first?
Pop, it was on the news the other day that Israel has ramped up security since the plane has been missing. No other country has publicly told the news media that they have taken extra security measures. Even Malaysia hasn't publicly said they are taking extra precautions.
again because the US or any other country didn't tell you it didn't happen?
They really shouldn't report anything unless they find actual evidence from the plane. The families are freaking out and I can see why. It's one mislead after another. Oh we found something. Oh it was nothing. Oh we found something. Oh it was nothing. Come on...
I am convinced this jet was landed either in Malaysia or Indonesia with the collusion of officials and military. They have been lying through their teeth from the beginning to obscure facts until it was safely hidden from view. The radical climb in altitude , particularly if the air masks were disabled, would have knocked out or killed all passengers and stewards so there would be no attempts at heroics. It is on some remote airstrip in the jungle.
Garbage comments. America trying to save boeing by fantasizing stories
Lets think about this for a minute. All things must have a motive. What would be a driving reason for officials and military to steal a plane, hide the facts, and then do nothing with the plane ? I agree lies have been told, information has not been released. But it does not make sense officials and military stole a plane. Just does not add up.
To what end? A majority of the passengers were Chinese nationals. Do you really think Malaysia wants to give China a legitimate reason to come into Malaysia. Not only would China decimate them do you think an occupation would end soon? Yeah, I am sure your theory is good, Malaysia is so tired of running their own country that they figured out a way to just hand it over to China. Good work here!
The problem with this theory is this remote airstrip would need to be about 2 miles long and at least 250 feet wide and at least asphalt and probably concrete. further it would need to have a huge building to hide the plane. If satellites can spot wreckage as small as 25 feet, they would have picked up a remote airstrip long ago. The required airstip would not long like a road or parking lot.
ANYBODY HAVE FOX CHARTER CABLE NYC CHANNEL 60 ?? LOCAL NEWS HAS CONFIMED THE PHOTOS ARE GARBAGE FROM SHIPS NOT PLANE!
Just sit right back And you'll hear a tale A tale of a fateful trip, That started from this tropic port, Aboard this tiny ship. The mate was a mighty sailin' man, The Skipper brave and sure, Five passengers set sail that day, For a three hour tour, A three hour tour. The weather started getting rough, The tiny ship was tossed. If not for the courage of the fearless crew The Minnow would be lost. The Minnow would be lost. The ship set ground on the shore Of this uncharted desert isle With Gilligan, The Skipper too. The millionaire And his wife, The movie star, The professor and Mary Ann, Here on Gilligan's Isle. (Ending verse) So this is the tale of our castaways, They're here for a long long time. They'll have to make the best of things, It's an uphill climb. The first mate and his Skipper too Will do their very best, To make the others comf'terble In their tropic island nest. No phone, no lights, no motor car, Not a single luxury Like Robinson Crusoe It's primitive as can be. So join us here each week my friends, You're sure to get a smile, From seven stranded castaways Here on Gilligan's Isle
Tom, what if one of the passengers were your son or your wife?
always nice to when d-bags like Tom try to find humor in the probable deaths of 200+ people
@ Tom, Pb is a professional, paid griever!
Captain Obvious chief investigator believes that someone with detailed knowledge of both the Boeing 777-200ER and commercial aviation navigation switched off the plane's communications systems before diverting it thousands of miles off its scheduled course. Finding out what happened is the easy part. Finding out why it happened will be the hard part. Personally, I think code was inserted into the computers and a poison gas was released throughout the aircraft. When the plan ran out of gas, it began to descend and then landed in the ocean.
Like a poison gas deliberately released or poison gas from those lithium batteries?
Linda, those were 787s, not 777s
Thank you Ian Flemming. And the next theory will be presented by the Lone Gunman.
Gosh - a lot of you people making comments think you are so smart.
Was it released from the grassy knoll? Was there more than one gasman?
I think it was snakes on the plane
this seems typical accidents and pilots tried their best unsuccessfuly. that night was hardest without working cummunication system and no one is sure they were shut deliberately. Human technology has limits thats something we shouldnt forget too
I thought Satellites especially the spy ones, where supposed to be able to read a name tag on a man's shirt from space, and they can't fined a pile of plane debris? what about sending Drones ? I guess the US doesn't want to show what we are really capable of.
they can... but spy satellites are aimed at specific areas of the planet.. no sense in wasting one on empty ocean.... and re-tasking a satellite is a monumental undertaking.. plus nobody wants to let anybody else know just how good their spy satellites are.
thats exactly right, from someone I know in the satellite imaging field...we dont want to give away our capabilities, not just for this case, but for every case
I feel so sorry for the family and friends waiting for word on their loved ones.
Why does this feel like the "story" is being put together? I'm not one for conspiracy theories... but how about the 2 SEAL's who were BOTH Heroin addicts, and supposedly OD'd at the SAME time? They were "guarding" whatever was being transported on this flight... Now, we may have found the wreckage? Sorry. Call me skeptical. But this is too good for even a James Bond movie plot!
I heard that story too. But there is no logic for that. If we want to "guard" or "transport" something we have a gazillion planes at our disposal to do it. It's not like the Federal Gov't is on a "budget" or anything and has to put "secretive" or "dangerous" stuff on a commercial flight.
Still makes me wonder St. Bernard.... What if the "item" being guarded was the Chinese scientists themselves? Them and the "idea" in their minds? I know.. It's out there... but nothing really surprises me anymore with our Gov.
Wasn't just one of the 239 passengers talking on their cell phone before the plane lost contact? Were they all suffocated before
It was after 1 in the morning, most people sleep at that time.
No. The oceans only cell tower was down.
Is it a plane ? Is it a whale ? Is it the lost continent of Lemuria ? My guess is the second.
Be politically correct and not get angry with Muslims. This is the standard way that Muslims get to heaven with 72 virgins waiting for them. We have to be tolerant of other cultures, even if they are crazy, nut-case people and they want to kill you.
That would be an iceberg from Antarctica. Better get there fast before it melts.
Oh the poor family members, my heart weeps for you, and I know the world weeps with you. No matter what the cause, your loved one is most likely gone. Please find comfort in the arms of others, your religious beliefs, and your community, surround yourself with all the love you can.
Just some more junk news or speculation as usual to sell news papers!
and we are silly enough that we read the silly theory
Question, could it have landed some where and then been flown and crashed to cover up the real reason for its diversion.
That's a significant find but it must be investigated thoroughly to confirm if the floating debris are part of the aircraft. Rescue and search vessels must be dispatched to the location to gain positive identification. If it were parts of the aircraft, most likely there are no survivors. Let's hope there will be survivors or the remains of the victims recovered for identification and proper burial.
Survivors? Come on now; the only survivors will be the sharks that ate all of that Chinese food.
This is a tragedy for all involved but nit worthy of all the media time, Putin, Baltic states, Egypt, Middle East. Obamacare disaster, and still Benghazi, IRS, Fast and Furious, etc. etc. are much more pertinent to the world. This story is just covering up and distracting us from really important world news.
This is what my kid looked like in his first trimester ultrasound. Countries are providing "dumbed down" photos so as to not tip their technological hand when it comes to satellite image capability. This confuses me somewhat because I know even google has satellite images that show my house and backyard in enough detail I can tell who is home and if I was mowing the yard that day......so why would anyone assume a country has something less sophisticated which is what they seem to be acting like they have?
Some years back, the United States Air Force and Space Administration not only announced, but proved that they had a satellite, or more than one, that had a camera on it that could zoom in on dime. They proved it by doing exactely that, zoomed in on a dime to the point where we were able to read the date stamped on that dime as they broadcasted on the nightly news. Why is now, years later, this particular satellite which has found something, wreckage maybe, but is not capable of zooming in close enough to determine if this is really aircraft wreckage?? And if this particular satellite is not capable of doing so, why doesn't our government move one of our super spy satellites into the area. If you knoow anything about these satellites, you would know that they move so fast, that being there would only take a few moments, maybe. So what's up Big Brother?? Was our super spy satellite just a hoax for more of the false security feeling thing, or is it real?? Maybe we are not as advanced as we were led to believe all these years.
There are spy satellitel, but they can't cover the whole earth and certainly not be moved "like that".
one explination is that there are no sats that are in a geo sink orbit that go over that area but off to the side some what so they can see the object but not get a good look. Another is that no military stas are trained on this object could be civilan sat
And if you knew anything about satellites you would know that you can't just change their orbit to any place on the globe on a whim. By the way, a human being can't read the date on a dime that is laying at his feet, much less have a photo taken from space that can manage to do it.
because its Floating on water several thousand meters deep?? lol
@ Billy: They did just that back in the 80's, focused in on a dime on the ground, that they placed there, and showed it on TV. Obviously you are either too young to remember it, or you are older like me, but at an earlier age, you could not afford a TV, thus, you don't know about it.
At times like this we must stand United, and PRAY for the rescue crews and family members. I can't even imagine what all of them are feeling now. So Go Search & Rescue be safe and know that you are in my Prayers.
The Blunt Ugly Truth 3 months ago I don't think I could get it up for either one of them based on looks. Gonna need some serious bj to get towards their other lips! hahahahaha
I didn't know the pilot of such a plane has enough access to completely depressurize the passengers' cabin. Why would you allow that, rather than allow a limited pressure control??? It's a safety measure they need to think about, in the future.
The Blunt Ugly Truth 2 months ago Very uneducated frame of thought from many black men. Hit it and quit it, and if there is a baby FORGET it.
that plane could so easily be in Pakistan-Iran-Afghanistan or Bangladesh-Myamar ...but of course that is not the preferred outcome. Just hope some miracle saved the passengers
How in this day and age has nothing been found? I guess we really need to explore this planet more than I thought (especially under water, who knows what stuff is down there)
The planet is covered 70% by water, probably 90% of that being unexplored...I stick by my original posting,troll.
All the passengers may be released soon, but not one of them can tell you where the plane is because they were all blindfolded and asleep from the time the plane was hijacked until the time they were released. Of course, this is just another speculation but a smart hijacker will probably plan for the passengers to be left alive and unhurt to reduce their crime.
My opinion is that they were interested in something other than the plane, since they appear to have ditched the plane, I will never get in any plane other than an American plane.
Your choices are definitely limited as far as foreign travel. They sighted an floating, that does not confirm that the plane was ditched. In fact if the plane is still intact but underwater, you will never see any debris floating on the surface.
Four days ago and no one were able to verify it? Ain't we in the 21st century?
They knew that since day one.
There is no "21st century" out in the southern Indian Ocean.
If we have satellite image, that mean we have a approx location. We should able to have eye in location within 24 hours.
Sadly this plane is likely at the bottom of the sea and there is a very high likely hood that we will never know what happened. A tragic unsolved mystery.
Is it possible that after 2 weeks and much outrage that these sightings could be unrelated to this plane but instead planted to try and bring some closure of this tragic loss.
The dimensions of the objects given are consistent with at least one of them possibly being the major part of a 777-200ER wing, which is around 27 meters (89 feet) long, though Australian officials cautioned the first images were indistinct. US spy satellites ar so sophisticated they can tell Islamic leaders if they have a beard or not...our military knows if these parts are from the wreck.
I doubt if there are many spy satellites positioned over that part of the world.
ABC news reporter on board the navy plane that flew over the area said nothing found except a freighter and pod of dolphins
There is a miss perception that the entire world is blanketed with sophisticated spy satellites that can read the fine print on a bottle of Tylenol. Shifting them around is serious business and its not likely that we are doing that much maneuvering to find the plane. In fact perhaps that is the intent. A bit of sleight of hand to achieve something greater.
Why would the Malaysian gov't or Malaysian Airlines say they lost contact or transponders were turned off in the Indian Ocean if it really happened in Malaysia?
Might as well face it. The plane is never going to be found. But the MSM will continue milking the tragedy for all it is worth because they have no souls and no compassion for the victims or their families.
Coverage to date has shown the media at its worst: Unending speculation for no purpose other than ratings. I also blame the public for lapping up this stuff. There are much more serious issues we should be focusing on.
Day 14 and I've only heard one mention of any country increasing security measures and that was Israel. Until this is found and a problem is determined and with the evidence of the tracking being turned off I think many countries should be taking some security measures.
While everyone looks for this plane, do we still have a Constitution and all of our RIGHTS afforded us, in it? Or has some other ridiculous excuse made the creeps who rule our country, turn it completely fascist/ martial law/ corporatism? I have to ask because there are 0 facts, and the news keep regurgitating the same speculative non-info over and over, almost as if to distract us from more important info. Yes, it is a tragedy, but how is this news with no facts??
The NEWS is no longer news, it is noise. Facts are only relevant if they fit the agenda.
That's right, the US has the most sophisticated survielance and tracking systems in the world but they're using against their own citizens.
I miss the days of Who, What, When, Where, Why, and How. Everything on the news has a HUGE agenda or is a commercial.
The navy is using the P8 Poseidon state-of-the-art surveillance aircraft for it's first international mission. Well there it is folks...another reason to keep searching in all the wrong places. Gotta use those big expensive toys and somehow justify the financial raping of the taxpayers!
The P-8 is just a 737 jetliner outfitted with search gear and electronics. It's the most cost-effective new plane the military has purchased in a couple of decades.
I don't like Rap, And I don't condone Rapeing!!
I don't know where my wife gets such notions but she said 5 days ago that they would find floating wreckage down around Australia. The day before the Challenger blew up, when they were having problems getting the hatch closed she said you know that thing is going to blow up? God give peace and closure to the families and everlasting life to the victims . . . regardless of what our Gov'ts try to brainwash us to believe . . . we are all just people.
You are so full of BS, Jimmy. Time for your meds.
our government's only concern is all the dirty #$%$s who think they are getting married.
Well said, James, I also pray for the families peace. @Andrew, sounds like you are the one who needs meds, psycho.
Andrew - Honest and I am in my early 60's and take no meds . . . nothing. Hope you turn out that way too . . . Oh wait . . . I'll ask the wife . . . Stay Tuned !!! Do you own a motorcycle or boat?
What I wonder about is that it is at the far end of the area just determined to be searched and the oceans have tidal currents. Wouldn't anything have moved some distance in 13 days? answers folks??
Thanks Martin--they had something on the news that said it depends a lot on the wind also since that part of the world had strong currents and stronger winds. If the wreckage hasn't sunk, it could be up to 900 miles away by now. 3mph, 24 hours, 12 days.= 364.
stupidity reigns across the globe, not just limited to Washington DC "and Malaysia's government said the search would continue elsewhere despite the possible sighting in the southern Indian Ocean." really? since its been two weeks, one would think all efforts would be on this 'credible' lead, whatever that means. for all who bought the hooey of cowardism or other idiotic theories, YOU WERE WRONG and should keep foot in mouth...said from day one, plane was in the drink...most likely a fire, then out of gas...'george' was flying...
Chise....you don't keep up on the news much...do you?
ken, let me guess, cowardist's took over and landed the plane with al these people? you watch too much tv...must be a lost fan or something. the plane is in the ocean...
Since this has happened, it seems like they are fishing for answers on which no one has the true answers on this mystery! The only ones who knows what happened on that flight aren't around to tell us! Quit trying to put the blame on someone until you find out for sure!!
I agree, all this speculation has to be torture for the loved ones
There are people who are actually looking for answers and have the real data that's been collected to date. These are just media updates.
Fox News has even come up with an angle to tie Obama in to this one also.
My work truck is tracked by GPS and cannot be turned off. Why are they able to just turn theirs off? My employer knows how long the truck is idling and even if one of the doors are open. They know everything. How is it possible that the major airlines don't have the same kind of thing. Having the ability to turn off their tracking system kind of ruins the whole point of having it.
I was saying the same thing to my GF a few days ago. My co can see how many RPMs I'm turning, what gear I'm in, and how fast I'm going, and send me real time messages to slow down.
I suspicion that the cause of this plane's disappearance, once discovered, will be far less sexy than the theories advanced so far.
It seems that there sure is a lot of Junk floating in the Indian Ocean.
Fred Sanford needs to get a boat
Take a look at long Island Sound
Just maybe there are secret negotiations going on behind the scenes.
Wouldn't it be something if they found Amelia Earhart instead?
This is called speculation news. Either searchers found airplane debris or didn't. Making news about what may or may not be relating to the missing airplane is wasting people's time. Plus, this article was posted days ago and still haven't proved those debris is relating to the missing aircraft.
One improvement MUST come out of this tragedy. From now on, an inaccessible, location communication system that cannot be turned off MUST be mandatory on ALL commercial airlines.
Maybe finally, they'll stumble on Amelia Earhart's plane?
My emotions lay with the ones trying to figure it out, and hope they find what they are looking for. My prayers lay with the victims of either cause; Intentional, or Accidental. My thoughts are with you all.
The group leader / person of interest is very smart in mystery disappearing of plane without a trace. Remind me of a ban robbery back 40 or 50 years ago of a case where person(s) rob $100,000 (Million dollars in today values) from South of a US bank and disappear for a long time without a trace. Authority have little clues / guess (May be South America) where two person. Still til this day, no one known where person and plane is?
I wonder why we have not heard much about the two men who had fake passports?i would think that would be the first thing to investigate!
They already investigated them. They apparently weren't terrorists, they were just trying to get into China illegally.
My apologies david. I admit I didn't pay much attention tot he details once they said the guys were trying to be illegal immigrants, not terrorists.
I hope the family members heard about the "possible" debris from the missing plane before the information was made public. In other words, I hope they didn't hear about it from the news, the same way you and I heard about it. The families are going through enough hell!
Chinese satellite can see things below the earth like a mote. Australian satellite much bigger than Chinese satellite it can see bigger than a turd on the face of the earth.
I'm skeptical of any debris found in the ocean. There is still a lot of debris from the tsunami. I believe the jet is in tact and on land somewhere in the middle east as 7 hrs of fuel could get you there.
The flight/plight of MH370 has really turned into some big time story. Everybody is tuned into it and many have a theory. This is a bigger story than Putin/Crimea.
Wonder if that is the intention.
I hope this is true. So sick and tired of hearing all the theories surrounding this mystery.
Cockpit voice recorders run on a continuous loop overwriting old data. Depending on how long the loop is, there might not be anything on the recording because the plane went on for another 6 hours.
Until they find something, these kinds of reports are not helpful. Let's wait until something is identified.
The longer they search, the bigger hostages ransom is going to be. Right, Somalia?
when they find the black box, they will hear the words, "I'm the captain now!"
DIDN'T Courtney Love SAID THIS ALREADY? She even showed PROOF!!!
Wow breaking news from 4 days ago!!! How convienient all new news is always old news.
How does a Boeing 777 go missing? How come they do not have last recorded location of the plane? How come no GPS on the data record boxes? Wow it just seems really odd that a plane this big can go missing, poof vanish. I am amazed, with today's technology
did you just hear about this? all of those questions have been answered multiple times.
I have a theory but i don't know if it could be true. If it was a Boeing 737 then if there was a structural fail tail was blown off it could knock out it's radio and black box systems. The plane can fly for some distance still.
I think Courtney Love had a more credible lead...
The incessant media reporting of this event is a good thing in that it puts incredible pressure on those Malaysian rubes to find their plane. Based on their conduct the past couple of weeks I believe the Malaysian chumps would blow off the whole deal if the reporting suddenly stopped.
Hello: The real question here is why did it take them this long to, we hope, find the plane? I would suggest that there is a government cover up. They do not want people to find out that this was indeed an act of botched terrorism. CHEERS,Dave
Two questions: 1. Spy satellites can read the paper off your hands from space if they choose to focus in. 2. Cell phone signals can be traced/triangulated down to longitude/latitude coordinates of within a foot. So if that is true, why can't they focus in on the wreckage image they just posted, instead of showing us a blob? I can get a better view from Google Earth...Second, Is it no strange that no one on the flight mistakingly left their phone on during the flight?
unless you have a satellite phone. you are not getting service that high up or that far out in the sea.
If only the real world were like movies..........
cell phones cannot get signals when they are out of reach of cell towers. And the towers focus their signal towards population centers, not out over the oceans. Also, the signal from a cell phone is not very strong and cannot be picked up from several miles away.
As well, you apparently know noting about satellite technology.....
I admit I am not an expert in this, yet I thought back in the Afghan war US intelligence was able to get to one of Osama's henchmen by shooting a missile at his cell phone signal, which was just outside some remote cave in the mountains of Afghanistan. The fact that the cell phone was left on, is not in hopes someone uses it, but allows it to be traced....
If they were able to accomplish that, he had a satellite phone. Cell phone towers are not exactly spread all over the mountains of Afghanistan.......
It does my heart good to see all these countries come together to search for this missing plane. Isn't that what it's all suppose to be about?
I misspoke earlier, the current in that part of the South Indian Ocean is roughly 4km/hour. That would put the crash site roughly 1056 km west of the sighted debris. That points more closely to the seamounts and French Antarctic Islands.
it landed in South Africa and is more than likely being fitted with a nuke!
I see you nutjobs are out in force.
They are looking in the wrong places. How many months and years will it take them to realize you don't go to this much trouble to hijack a plane and put it in the water. The plane MUST be on land. I still believe in the theory that this plane (and maybe others) will be used at a later date for destruction, Why are they still searching a big ocean and not land? Did they not believe the two fishermen's story about seeing and hearing the plane flying low over them? It's time to search the land. The plane MUST be found! Why are they wasting time and resources looking in the wrong places?
To whom are you asking all these questions to? The fact is no one cares of your opinions nor will anyone reply. The theory you propose is as credible as the boogity man existence.
I heard on the radio that it was a freighter and pods of dolphins...
Good maybe all these ridiculous theories will stop. The plane went to 45,000, why would it do that? One reason less oxygen the higher altitude. There was a fire on board of the plane and they were trying to save lives. Unfortunately, it didn't work.
Why would they go up if the fire was inside the plane?
Less OXYGEN the higher you go up. What kills a fire? Lack of oxygen.
But it's INSIDE THE PLANE. The plane has oxygen in it. Unless you cut off oxygen to everyone inside the plane and open the vents and depressurize the plane that won't work.
The planes air system is 50% used from the outside air, it vents into the plane...
Hugh - only at lower altitudes. Once at cruising altitudes they shut it off.
Franky - No, no they don't they always use a mixture of recycled air and outside air.
My question is: when a big plane like this crashes are the pieces designed to continue floating?? Do part of the plane made so they will continue floating this long after disappearing?? I'm saying it's been so long, the seas they been saying have been rough so will their still be pieces floating?? I myself don't think that's the case, what do others think?!
Maybe ALIENS need some humans for the 715 new planets that have found by NASA.
As many Cargo Ships we have at Sea and all the violent storms that these ships sail thru I'd be willing to bet those are just Sea Can's (containers) that went over board. They can float long distances.
78 ft. in diameter ? Really ?
They need to follow the route the plane had been taking when it vanished, but on the sea floor, not the surface. That plane is at the bottom of the Indian Ocean.
Um, do you know how hard it is to search the sea floor for a plane? There's a reason they're looking on the surface. Because almost invariably something of the plane breaks off on crash/landing in the water and floats. Planes just don't magically end up underwater...
The resolution in this picture is laughable. Back in 1962, the U2 surveillance plane had cameras with resolution so good they could supposedly ready the numbers on license plates...Today, they should be able to count the rivets on the wings.
The pictures the experts are looking at are high resolution. The ones shown to the public are grainy. The 4 day gap is so the pictures could be enhance even more.
I'm telling everyone right now. They (The Malaysian government) know exactly where this plane is. You can 't tell me in the year 2014, when we can ride a robot on the surface of Mars and get pictures back, we can't find a huge 777 plane. BS.
The pilots fled 7 hours into Indian Ocean was trying not let people find them. Evil people.
I AM STILL REELING FROM THE FACT THAT THE PLANES WERE DESIGNED SO THAT SOMEONE ON BOARD COULD TURN THE IDENTIFYING RADAR OFF DURING FLIGHT - SEEMS LIKE THE AIRLINES WOULDN'T WANT ANYBODY - EVEN THE PILOTS - TO BE ABLE TO DO THAT..... I KEEP THINKING THAT IF ONE OF THE PILOTS LEFT THE COCKPIT TO "FRESHEN UP" THEN HE GOT LOCKED OUT AND WAS UNABLE TO RE-ENTER THE COCKPIT TO PREVENT THE OTHER PILOT FROM CHANGING COURSE. MAYBE ONE OF THE PILOTS TAZED THE OTHER ONE AND TOOK OVER. ARE THERE FACILITIES IN THE COCKPIT THAT PREVENT THE PILOTS FROM HAVING TO OPEN THAT DOOR? IF PASSENGERS WERE TRYING TO BREAK INTO THE COCKPIT DOOR TO HIJACK THE PLANE - I AM PRETTY SURE THE PILOTS WOULD HAVE RADIOED THAT DISTRESS CALL IN UNLESS THEY WERE ALSO INVOLVED..... MAYBE THE FLYER JUST WANTED TO DUMP THE PLANE IN THE SOUTHERN OCEAN WHERE IT WOULD (PRESUMABLY) NEVER BE FOUND. I AM REMINDED OF THE RECENT INCIDENT - ETHIOPIAN PILOT WHO WAS SUPPOSED TO LAND IN ROME BUT WENT TO GENEVA INSTEAD. SO HE COULD ASK FOR ASYLUM. HE SOMEHOW GOT THE OTHER PILOT OUT OF THE COCKPIT THEN CHANGED COURSE. ISN'T THERE SOME RULE THAT THERE MUST BE TWO PEOPLE IN THE COCKPIT AT ALL TIMES? GUESS THAT'S STILL NOT FOOLPROOF. I'M SURE THEY'LL FIND FLIGHT 370 WITHIN 60 DAYS BUT DOUBT A TRUE MOTIVE WILL EVER BE ESTABLISHED. SOUNDS LIKE GUY GOES CRAZY, SNAPS - HE JUST HAPPENS TO BE A PILOT ON A FLIGHT WITH 200 PEOPLE THAT HE'S GOING TO TAKE WITH HIM. HE DECIDES TO TURN OFF ALL THE RADAR (THAT HE KNOWS ABOUT AND HAS ACCESS TO) THEN FLYS LOW TO AVOID RADAR GETS AWAY FROM MALAYSIAN RADAR THEN HEADS SOUTH TO AN AREA (WHERE EVENTUALLY) THERE'S NO PLACE TO LAND. THAT POINTS TO THE FACT THAT IN THE END - THE PILOT IS NOT CONCERNED WITH LANDING THE PLANE. WE WILL NEVER KNOW FOR SURE WHAT HE WAS THINKING. ITS LIKE THE WOMAN WHO RECENTLY DROVE HER CAR INTO THE OCEAN (WITH ALL HER KIDS INSIDE) - TRYED TO DROWN THEM ALL. THERE IS NO EXPLANATION THAT WE CONSIDER RATIONAL - BUT IT SOUNDS LIKE ONE OF THE PILOTS HIJACKED HIS OWN PLANE - WHERE IS PERRY MASON WHEN YOU NEED HIM???
Randall, the keyboard has a "caps lock" button.
No object can be made to disappear from radar unless its coated with radar absorptive material as the stealth bomber is. There is no way this jet disappeared from radar. Radar is used to protect passenger jets from tiny single engine private planes and any small craft.
I TYPE IN ALL CAPS 'CAUSE MY VISION IS POOR AND I CAN PROOFREAD IT EASIER. SORRY TO HAVE ANNOYED YOU SIR..
This search and recovery promises to be insanely expensive. I wonder who gets to pay for it.
The big dog, the USA no problem just raise the debt ceiling.
Searching for the missing airliner is like searching for a needle in a haystack. Hopefully the needle has been located so the families can begin their grieving process!
Just like searching for your brain.
WOW, wonder how long it took you to think that one up?
Understandably, everyone is frustrated. I hope this isn't just another red herring.
That's what we said when you voted for Obozo.
from your post we know who the true BOZO is and what a hater he is.
Plane caught fire so electronics were disabled to isolate fire, passengers and crew passed out from smoke inhalation and the plane flew until it crashed in the ocean. Case closed, NEXT
The plane went to 45,000 feet to put fire out - why couldn't they send a "mayday"?
lack of or no communication is the million dollar question! Turning around and drastically climbing to 45,000 to reduce a fire makes sense. Communication could have been compromised by the fire or it could have happened so fast it was too late. Takes less then 10 minutes to pass out and die from heavy smoke inhalation.
But this is just my theory and it sort of contradicts itself. If there was a fire in the cabin then flying 45,000 would do nothing hence the cabin is pressurized, the other hand if there was a fire outside or in the cargo bay how would smoke get in a sealed pressurized cabin... we'll never know until its recovered, bottom line.
Google - Helios Airways Flight 522 - a ghost plane that crashed in 2005 in Greece. I suspect we have a similar incident here. There was a fault of some sort on the plane, perhaps an electrical short causing a small fire. The various systems shut down either due to the fault and dropping electrical bus voltage or because the crew was trying to shout off power to the fault. One of the pilots set the flight computer to head the plane back toward land for an emergency landing....and that was the last control action they took. At that point they either succumbed to toxic smoke or lack of oxygen and the plane flew on at its new heading until it ran out of fuel and crashed into the ocean.
go find the article where a former pilot that flew a 777 spoke to Rush Limbaugh...it's a good theory, but the pilot pretty much explained how easy it would be to avoid that situation...
Seems quite likely. Certainly not as fanciful as the alien abduction or hijacking stories but more realistic & probable.
Tell me how a plane on fire continues to fly for another 6-7 hours, especially after everyone is incapacitated and cannot put the fire out. The thing would have burned up long before it ever made it anywhere, let alone to Australia! No one saw the plane on fire who supposed saw the plane. Fires do not just go out by themselves unless fuel for the fire runs out, meaning there would be nothing left to burn.
I'm familiar with the crash you're referring to and they now know what caused it. They were running a decompression test on the plane before the flight and the test crew forgot to switch the plane back to automatically pressurize and oxygenate the plane. The pilots received warning sirens in the cockpit but couldn't figure out the problem before passing out due to lack of oxygen. The autopilot flew the plane in a holding pattern around the airport until crashing due to running out of fuel.
That's what I was thinkin' too. It would certainly account for everything that we currently know. It would also obviate the thoughts of the flight crew being terrorists, or suicidal, for which, there is zero evidence of either.
the plane made TWO mid-flight corrections....further, there was the transponder that was turned off BEFORE communications ended. Not likely that this was an electrical fire (or my theory that there was a slow leak in the pilot's cabin causing ataxia and death).
Actually Archangle fires, certainly CAN go out... consider that if there was a small/smoldering cabin fire that burned in the area of cabin pressurization systems. It is possible that it damaged the system and then the ensuing lack of oxygen not only starved the passengers and crew of oxygen, but also oxygen to the fire itself. The aircraft doesn't need a crew to fly for long periods of times. If for some reason, whatever that might be, the crew shut off the transponder (maybe they were trying to figure out where the fire was...) and adjusted the flight path because they were looking for a new place to land... (again, a move due to a fire or system failure)...once everybody passed out, the aircraft continued to fly on the designated course until it ran out of fuel... As un-'likely' as it may be, there is certainly the possibility that it could have happened.
It flew 7 hours with mechanical and or fire. Yeah right. That flight was programmed before the pilot said goodnight.
@Archangel Mikey - there is a limited amount of oxygen on the plane. If a failure caused the oxygen generating systems to fail, a fire could extinguish itself when the levels dropped enough. No oxygen..no fire. Also possible that a small fire could breech the fuselage and depressurize the plane or cause a seal to fail or the auto pressurization system to shut down. Note - Google - Hawaiian airlines roof ripped off - if you want to see photos of a plane that had a huge section of its fuselage rip off and not only kept flying but landed safely.
@RobertA - how do you know the plane made two mid-flight corrections? Keep in mind, there have been a lot of conflicting reports so I wouldn't bet my house on that one.
@James - the reports I've seen said airline officials could not determine if the flight computer was re-programmed before or after take off. If they can't tell before or after take off...they can't tell before or after the pilots said good night to ATC.
In all reality, a pilot is only really necessary for takeoff, and taxiing to the gate. Most of the larger airliners can even land themselves. (at a properly equipped airport) Once the autopilot is programmed, the flight crew are basically the airborne equivalent of 'night watchmen'. And about as useful.
It seems in this age of instant gratification we have to be entertained ALL of the time. Ask yourself, do you really care about a missing crashed third world airliner. Do you really care that Russia took Crimea. Do you care enough to expend USA lives and money? Do you want Ukraine sucking on us for the next 30 years? Or, are we just bored? Think about it.
No, we don't really care, but it is good entertainment until the movie comes out. It is enought of a fringe event to allow some conjecture to amuse ourselves. So to speak, it is good theater.
Tom, finally an honest man. Good answer.
steve, what do you care about?
IM, I care about our illegal alien problem. I care about our deficit and deficit spending. I want to bring all our troops home. I care about how screwed up our tax system is, how it penalizes people for doing well or better (I am solid middle class, not upper not lower). I care about our domestic airlines not some third world airline and government. Do you know how many kids get shot, get molested, stare, go to bed hungry, etc in this country. It is not that I am a cruel heartless person but seriously, if we had a really big news story, the Malaysian airliner is page 3.
So they found this four days ago but only told anyone yesterday?
How long would it take you to look through thousands of photos?
What would you have done with that information four days ago?
No, the satellite found it 4 days ago. It took the humans a while longer to catch up on sifting through the data.
2 days ago....Monday March 17th 2014
Debris off Australia sounds like a piece (or pieces) of the ice shelf.
We don't know what happen,, the most disturbing evidence is the altered readings programed into the computer before any sign of trouble. Who did it and why?
It sure took them long enough to get the debris in-place for its discovery. But did they select items that would float?
Wow. Some other time I woulda said you're nuts.
A huge common mistake is to overestimate the intelligence of the general population.
Another scenario--plane has landed somewhere. To be put to use later. Passengers and crew being held hostage. To be used later for ransom. Debris floating in Indian Ocean "created" fake debris planted to throw everyone off track, b/c plane was actually flown north.
What kind of cargo was this plan carrying? In that part of the world I have heard they sometimes carry gems and diamonds of large amounts. It would be interesting to know what the cargo was.
20 Freescale Semiconductor employees carrying high tech secret to Beijing
Opinions are like a holes, everyone has one.
That's the reason they listen to FOX
At least 2 P-3's have flown over the scene. If this debris was from an aircraft, they would already know it.
The water is so deep and batteries only last about 30 days that will make search for flight recorder more difficult if not impossible. We would never know the location of accident in the vast water out in the Indian ocean and the debris recently discovered might have drifted away due to water current and wind.
Don't forget the Air France flight I think it was that the box sent signals for two years. Far exceeding it's expected life.
The black box Stupid, the black box.......forget the bunny energizer with the little batteries you PUTZ! The black box, and dont you forget now, ya hear?
The Russians are floating a theory that the US diverted the jet to Diego Garcia for some purpose. Probably just to poke the US president in the eye.
I have some questions, how did two persons with the same nationality board the flight with two stolen passports( which lost in two different countries)at the same time? is not that organized act?may be, did there any intelligence agencies of some countries involved? Did this plane hijacked by a country which want to steel this jet technology to produce a similar jet later specially if this country could not get this kind of airplanes because of political reasons? hope some one answer this question.
I believe they are keeping hush hush about these 2 so they dont scare people from flying.We are all not stupid and they say these 2 people checked out.What did they not use stolen Pass Ports?Whoever is in charge needs to start coming clean.
THINK ABOUT IT WITH ALL THE TECHNOLOGY WE HAVE AND WE CANT FIND A PLAN? THEY LIE
I feel so sad for all of those families who have lost a loved one. They want answers to why did this have to happen. Were there terriorist on the plane that may have took over? Is my thought. It's that or sadly to say but the piolt may have been in on the whole idea for this plane to this. Which is a real shame so many lives are gone. That must have been so scary for the passenagers when the plane went into the water. By that point the passenagers were probably screaming and crying along with begging God to help them out out of that situation. God wasn't able to help, but he did hear all there screams and cries for help.
if you believe in God, he knows what he is doing... live and dead is in God's hands
Go Australia! Please make this dreaded story come to closure. US Media has been taking the #$%$ with the corporate spin long enough.
Courtney Love's sighting looks more credible than this...
Guess she has the money for equipment and time to search living off Cobain's money after she had him eliminated.
You can bet the word MUSLIM will be part of this so called mystery.
Only 3 options can explain what happened to the plane. Mechanical failure, pilot failure, or Muslim caused failure.
I'll take option #3 for $300, Alex.
Only 1 option can explain what happened to your brain. STUPIDITY
The large piece (about 78 feet long) is a wing section which contained empty fuel tanks which explains why it would float. Need to know anything else just ask me and I'll ask my neighbor. He's a retired cop and he knows everything.
Let's hope they find something soon.. - so all these talking head news idiots can move on to reporting something else.
Everyone's talking about closure and rightly so but from personal experience, they know the end. My uncle was training in WW2 on B52 in desert and plane went down. NEVER found, no bodies and PARTIAL wreckage found of a plane. How does that work? PARTIAL? Please. Nothing from gov't except "sorry". To this day we have no clue or explanation. Supposedly training and family wondered for a long time if this was deliberate so these soldiers could do other things for military.
My uncled (navigator) and the crew went down in the Pacific during the last days of WWII. Nothing was ever found. After all these years, the family still grieves. There is a gravestone with the details but no one is buried there.
WW2? Not a B-52. B-52 first flew in 1952. During WW2 casualties were in much larger numbers and capabilities to search were much less. The focus was to win the war, beat the Axis powers. Planes were rushed into production and pilots and crews had much less time to train than today's armed forces. Unfortuantely, not every decision was correct and closure for many families was not available.
You lying BUFFOON, there were no B-52's during WW11. So your story is nothing but a fake like you, you liberal Imbecile.
Sorry Matt, but the B52 was not around until 1955". Maybe your uncle was in a B25???
Obozo and friends....Not everyone is gifted with a onboard history encyclopedia and the ability to keep numbers straight . Maybe Matt is repeating what he was told in childhood by adults , or maybe he was told B-24 or B-17 and just got his numbers wrong. It does not mean he's lying. Not saying he isn't , but give folks a little slack.
Obozo: You may want to think about calling someone an imbecile when you reference World War Eleven.
B-25 is a much smaller aircraft than a 777.
A B-25 crashed into the Monongahela river near Pittsburgh in the 1940's and the wreckage was never found. That says something about search capabilities in the 1940's and something about water quality in those pre EPA days.
Airlines should be required to post the name, experience and religious background of each pilot so passengers can make an informed decision on whether to fly with certain pilots. Passengers need to be educated on WHO is flying the plane - once you are up in the air, there's no turning back!. Too many incidents of Muslim pilots taking down the plane for their own crazy religious beliefs.
Pretty clear to me that that Australian satellite photo they are showing is just a 'ruse'. The US knows there is aircraft debris in this area but cannot disclose how they know it. They get our good friends the Australians to 'claim' the discovery and have them release a poor quality satellite photo. The Aussies wouldn't not risk looking like fools ( as they Chinese did with their satellite photo) and we wouldn't have let the Australian prime minister announce it unless we were damn sure we knew there is recoverable debris in this location.
OOOP! Call off the search! Hughes from the Internet knows it's a ruse! The Australian government is trying to trick us all to... uh.. something something it's a conspiracy. THANKS HUGHES!
The debri could be anything... Don't get your hopes up. I think everyone is stalling until they find this aircraft hidden on land. They know more than they are releasing. Guaranteed. Whatever the outcome the families need some closure. This has been a botched search in every way possible. For 100k they could have put the equipment in that 100,000,000 dollar aircraft which would have pinpointed it within 4 feet!
Breaking news or more breaking conjecture ? ANYWAY did Anyone see that poor Chinese woman (only one son) crying on the news today ? 20 cameras at once trying to get her picture. Fricking disgusting
wondering if those 20 Freescale employees are being scrutinized by the US govt? They were cleared by China but you'd expect that if they were delivering technology.
Once again, we learn something the authorities knew four days ago. Don't you just love learning something this late in the Process?
YOU have learned absolutely nothing, including how to read. Go back and try again.....
Cant be wreckage from the 777 flight. CNN told me that it was Aliens and or a black hole.
Thank you Courtney Love for bringing this too the world's attention. Without your obsevation of this there would be little hope!
The one thing that bothers me out of all the media stories even conspiracy theories no one seems to be asking is why? The thing which looks the most probable is murder by suicide twist. Such sorrow for all countries involved and loved ones left no matter the how it happened. And the longer it goes with nothing found the more it seems there will never be good enough answers. :'(
Why did three planes crash on 9/11?
@K - Suicide seems to be a stretch to me. If someone were so upset that they wanted to commit suicide, why go through all of trouble of switching off the communications systems, turning the plane around and flying for hours? Just crash into the ocean or whatever is handy...
True @Mike, but even with 9/11 there was someone who took responsibility even as evil as it was. No one will ever be able to wrap their head around it, but there was still a twisted, grotesque answer of sorts. And yes @Mark!, if it was a suicide plot why would they go to the trouble of switching systems off? Had the systems remained on no one was going to be able to rescue or stop them from plunging into the ocean. And what difference would it make if anyone knew who, what, and why? Sad, sad whodunnit....and then there is another side, it makes me wonder who a passenger or passengers were that someone would go to this much trouble to silence? It makes your head hurt to toss around the questions.....our world has turned into a weird place. smh.....
If there was a crash and it is located, unfortunately there will still be many unanswered questions about this planes disappearance that will remain a mystery.
Well all I know is that my computer is old and has electrical malfunctions like a lot of electrical compterised systems. The flight system was compterised and whats to stop someone else preprogramming your computer. Computers can get a virus and hiccups and your laptop or computer can go haywire. Who hasn't experienced a problem with a computerised device? Not many people.
I understand that the families of the passengers are distraut, but they need to back off of he officials, and allow them to do their jobs. The officials cannot determine anything until the aircraft is found and getting in officials faces and whining and crying accomplishes nothing.
That is the exact size of a shipping container, they fall off ships all the time. They shouldn't get the families hopes up until they know for sure.
Here's an idea: What if you wanted to kill yourself but do it in a way that would become one of the most notorious and mysterious acts in modern history? Do it in a way that would have people talking and wondering about you for years? Investigating you, examining your life, speculating, writing books about you? Yeah, I know it's far-fetched. But I think it's time to start thinking outside the old box.
Does anyone know if they have checked il Saint Paul ? Just a hunch about something, probably a little over the top.
The way information has been given, I'd bet they have most of the floating wreakage already gathered. Taking this long to tell us about it must mean they are getting their story straight about what they want to tell. Must be ugly for all airlines.
I hope this gonna be the parts of the plane, if not its gonna be a huge turd of godzilla.
i feel for these family’s as every tarp floating in the Ocean is now POSSIBLE WRECKAGE really give the family’s a break when you find something then reveal it as this looks exactly like the object you thought was wreckage a few days ago .. Simply said there is a ton of crap floating out there have enough decency to not play with the hearts of those who have lost just because you want to generate a story …
In the "old days" when there was only 3 major networks, you reported a story and were done with it. Now, thanks to 24 hour news, social media and any other format, a story never dies...it just lingers. I was not on the plane, therefore I did not die, end of story. Can we move on? Amelia Earhart did not get this much coverage....again back to my original sentence (and those were the days of radio).
How about you move on, and the rest of us who care will continue to watch. And do let the door hit you on the way out.
Awwwww, I'm sorry, did you get humiliated in front of the other Internet people? You poor ape.
My favorite question so far comes from Don Lemmon (sp) of CNN, he actually asked if it were possible for a black hole to swallow the plane, or a worm hole possibly. And CNN wonders why they have so few viewers.
So far this is the best chance for finding the missing aircraft. I think we were all hoping it had landed somewhere and everyone was still alive, but realistically there is not much chance of that at this point.
I don't understand why they're putting this in the news when they are not sure that it is indeed Flight 370. They've already said in the news how that particular part of the Indian Ocean carries all sorts of debris, such as containers from vessels that have been lost. For the sake of the families, I think they should hold off any news unless it's for certain.
The photo looks like it might have been taken last year during the annual gray whale migration.
Everything will be clear in time and we will all wonder why we didn't see it.
maybe everyone can wait until its not possible but confirmed? New used to be about facts.
Seems like this is just one misdirection after another. Would be giving someone ample time to clean up a mistake or mess in its entirety.
Isn't that Courtney Love's missing career? Ah probably not, this search continues.
Pilot suicide. He flew out of all the radar coverage making it look like he was last heading North-West then took a completely opposite leg to fly in the opposite direction headed to the most remote part of the Indian Ocean.
Exactly! If the airplane is found in this area, it can only be a deliberate act by the pilot. There's no way that the airplane would have accidentally flown to a remote area not far from Antarctica! All the circumstances now point to pilot sponsored mass murder/suicide.
If you were a suicidal copilot who wanted to get to heaven by taking a basketful of infidels with you but didn't want to embarrass your family and friends, how would you do it?
He didn't give a rats behind about his family if this was the scenario. He murdered hundreds of innocent people not to mention children and tried to make sure he and they were never found. Pure EVIL!
For those who think this was an electrical fire and the pilots were heroes you are just plain stupid. A mayday takes 10 seconds to send out plenty of time before it was necessary to switch off all the equipment as training teaches
Who said it was an electrical fire???
Some other commenter check "most replied" area
I hope this is it and they found the plane. I can't imagine being one of the family members but I suspect they need some kind of closure, some kind of definitive answer. Sitting around with nothing but desperate hope when in reality none exist has to be just agonizing.
Ok, is America the only one with satellites that can pick up the image smaller than a postage stamp?
lets hope, but the satellite was probably made in china
The satellite is capable of reading a license plate. We have had that capability--in black and white--since 1978. I love how they guard this info at all costs including saving lives.
I said the same thing. Google can see my car in my driveway with it
Military satellites might have that capability, commercial satellites do not, look at google earth that is about as good as it gets for commercial stuff, you can see a car, cant tell the make or model.
The Google street view is from a low-flying plane that flies in circles catching video.
Google has to "de-tune" its imagery by law. You can purchase a one off photo at higher resolution--mostly for real estate-- but you can't get that upgrade with the addressable system. Just so you have an idea of resolution capability, the Hubble which is almost 40 year old technology, has the capability of counting the ridges on the edge of a dime at 3000 miles (assuming a straight line and no atmosphere). Now, we can't tell whats in that ocean? RIIIIIIIIIIIGHT.
ben.. we are not tlaking about "street view". Just the closest overhead capablities. Ray, Being close enough to be able to see a car is all that is needed... but they show you 20 miles away. Thats the point.
Nothing is believable at this point. The whole thing could have been staged to get a jetliner in the hands of Al Queda. Let's face it, this administration hates it's own people as much as it does Israel.
I can imagine the anguish of the families waiting for the news, they've been crying for 12 days now and there seems to be no end to their ordeal.
Most are two stupid to get that terrorist what people to see carnage not fly 6-7 hours to crash in the sea, give me a break people are so naïve listening to CNN study "where the plane went down" Right this thing was stolen and will not be found till they want it found. This was the perfect plan so far and I bet myass the next part of the plan will be just as daring. JMHO
most are too stupid to except the fact that it may take some time and anyone's theory could be wrong. until we get more evidence and more information, no one's theory has been proven to be accurate, including your's.
Mrs. C and Robert, pleas relax. Any land areas that would sponsor or assist in such an event are under satellite surveillance. The government already knows that scenario is not likely. It is not west Africa such as Somalia, Afghanistan, Pakistan, India or the middle east. That's why there is so little coverage of the oceans.
Before we continue to speculate on what happend, we must keep the families of the missing passengers in our thoughts & prayers. If anyone is reading this who has a loved one on MH370, you are in our prayers!
Since there is no GOD....prayers would be a waste of time.
Throw a few pieces of the plane as a diversion so the authorities can write this off as mechanical problems and close the case.A few years later,BOOM plane is flown into a huge crowd of people.
partial wing,it's been missing for over a week.Alot could be done to take pieces of the plane and drop it in stragetic points in the ocean to throw off searchers.
Along with the other theories, "and their valid", I always felt the plane ditched in the ocean. I'm thinking the pilots attempted a controlled landing on the water. Leaving the landing gear up in hopes to skid the top of the ocean, but capsized due to drag from the engines and submerged. I'm still holding to the possibility they ran out of fuel and forced to land thus, no oil slicks or residual fuel signs. It's possible that all communications shut down to a mechanical failure not yet known. Just a theory.
I got a bridge in Brooklyn I would like to sell you too
It's amazing how stupid ppl are. Before the internet I had NO idea the extent of the insanity of the general population.
Actually that is a very plausible theory.All anyone has at the moment is theory and conjecture,some of which may turn out to be true.
Sounds like you already bought that bridge, Commenter. Most times you it seems you just comment to say something nasty. Well, at least everyone remembers you, right? No one forgets an a**. Maybe you're the one who's insane Gregory.
Oh! Unless you were referring to Commenter, Gregory... If so, I must apologize.
I would think that communication on planes and GPS communicators would be more sophisticated where communication and GPS coordinates would not be lost. Transporters should be made to stay locked on at all times and not be made to shut off manually. But only on touch down. My sympathy to all the families and very sorry for your lost. God be with you.
Every piece of avionics has a CB in case of malfunction or fire. But thanks for your silly suggestion to remove this basic safety device.
It is possible those parts can still be floating because airplane metal is made of aluminium, a very light material.
Can aluminium floats on sea water...?
No, aluminum doesn't float. However, there are things like fuel tanks that could easily keep a broken wing, for example, floating for months. There could also be other chambers in the airframe that could trap air and cause other sections to float as well. Then there are all the seat cushions, etc. that would form a large debris field of smaller objects.
Is it just me, or does this object look exactly the same as the one from the Chinese satellite last week?
Reports suggesting that the debris might be a container that fell from a ship can be dismissed since containers normally come in 20, 30, 40 and 45 foot lengths.
And you think that it couldn't be partially submerged?
WS6. That is possible, but a 45 foot container could never be 70ft long!
Which is worse: the mockery or the incompetence?
Why did the airplane have so much fuel in it? I was under the impression airlines usually keep their airplanes light... allowing for a comfortable fuel/distance margin only. This plane seems to have flown for the entire length of the US nearly twice before supposedly crashing into the sea.
Digital Globe is the company that opened up it's satellite images so ordinary people can help search plots in the Indian Ocean for plane wreckage. I wonder if one of those thousands of people actually found this?
Leave it to the Aussies-finest Sea search and Rescue units in the world. No radar data sure makes sense-not many military hardware sites in Antarctic. Rationale behind why plane ended up 3,000 miles of course headed to most dangerous part of worlds oceans will most likely never be determined-fully.
Not getting any easier with all the technology at hand. Quite mysterious
You are a master of understatement.
Well another theory of mine otherwise he is Hero (who ever responsible) Why? Sudden failure ! electrical mechanical cabin pressure smoke fire anything can happen (again very rare though) he could not do anything simple turn the plane towards the big open ocean where anyone else would be hurt other than entire lot in the plane. If that is the case yes he is more than a hero!
I've heard this theory too and it does sound plausible, but the question is why were the communication devices turned off? And why did it happen precisely during the short window in which they were out of Malaysian air traffic control's responsibility and had not yet been taken on by Vietnam? The perfect timing on that just makes it seem a little suspect.
I could be wrong but I still think the plane was in trouble and for some reason they could not communicate or reach Malaysian air traffic control. Could be a cover up and a distress call was missed. Were tower controllers sleep? A plane turning completely around and flying low as if they were trying to find a safe landing in complete darkness.
It wasn't flying low, just turned around. Two systems were turned off and then the plane turned around. This is no accident.
I believe the fisherman who spotted the plane flying low off the coast of Malaysia.
Exhaustive background checks? It was revealed yesterday by the contractor that employed 20 of the passengers that they were all experts in electronic warfare and military radar all involved in the recent development of new innovative hardware (microchip/processor). That's not nothing? It's motive and/or opportunity. There are too many oddities, too many coincidences, too many contradictions, too much secrecy, in this case for this to be just a simple crash - there has been nothing simple about it. There is intent involved, but no one goes that far just to crash a plane. There are two possibilities now with this info and if debris is found and it is the Malaysian jet then that narrows it down to one. If it is an aircraft, but not the Malaysian jet that could verify one of the theories of switched transponder codes and a decoy, which until this new info came to light, I did not see any reason for that tactic to be used. If we think the passengers are all dead and that we can never find them, everyone is going to stop looking. It would appear that the security risk is high enough that they had better be sure. Problem is everyone has been very tight lipped with information, so will we ever know? The Malaysian government are either incompetent or hiding something with the way they have handled info. Let's not forget who they are and who they have strong ties with. We will just have to take what we hear with a grain of salt until we hear something that fits with no nagging lose ends.
Where did you get that information?
Since when is a bunch of computer geeks on a plane a target? Aren't such people ubiquitous now? It doesn't matter about the people, only what they design. Killing them will do nothing to stop their designs which are safely on the ground in computers. Duh.
20 passengers who work for a company in Texas...they're all Chinese nationals.
You would think at least one text or phone call would have been sent from one of the passengers.
With what cell signal? Whatever happened to the plane, it began when they were 50+ miles out to sea... If they got a signal I would sure like to know what carrier they have.
As soon as you started with "you would think" I quit reading.....
It's a boatload of media people trying to find Michelle.
Michelle Bachmann has a very loud mouth! They won't need to look far.
That's the best pic they can come up with? I've seen satellite images that can pick up a license plate...
ya you can use goole to do that.....Something is fishy..but then again its the US goverment!
Possible Object - way to nail it.
I just do not believe for one moment that no one knows what happened to those people and that plane. Someone in the various governments involved know exactly what happened and they're trying to cover it up. Personally, I don't really think it crashed.
So how much money is the China government and others willing to spend to search for 130+ people out of the 1 billion plus citizens that China got? I meant finding the answer to what went wrong is great, but at what cost and at the end of the way, will it be worth it.
now, they need to locate the flight data recorder. That will hold the key to many questions. the NTBS will help get to the bottom of this. Since this was a Boeing (u.s. made plane) they will be leading the investigation. Thank god! I have little faith in the Malaysian government at this point.
Actually no they wont be leading the investigation, it will be Malaysia, it was a Malaysian plane.
it was an American made plane, so the NTSB will be doing the lead investigation. Those are the rules, Ray........
Why would a pilot flew so far and so long just to finally suicide? If I were the pilot who took the control, the moment I had that chance, I would put the plane into an unrecoverable stall or spin, assuming I really wanted to suicide. But if I had other plans, then I will then fly hours to an destination for that plan.
Nerobama: He wanted to crash the airplane at a point where location and recovery of the wreckage and recorders would be the most difficult, in order to conceal the fact that he committed suicide, which is forbidden by the Quran, and would bring disgrace to his family. The Egyptian government never did accept the NTSB's finding that the co-pilot of EgyptAir 990 dived the aircraft into the Atlantic, in 1999, despite convincing evidence to support it. Muslims just don't commit suicide: Like there are no homosexuals in Iran. If it's forbidden by the Quran, it just doesn't happen. If you're thinking of the 9/11 attacks, remember, that was an act of Jihadist martyrdom, not suicide. Their families are honored, and the hijackers all get their 72 virgins in Paradise.
Maybe the pilot(s) were incapacitated? Maybe the aircraft was partially disabled but had the ability to fly a heading set by the pilots on auto-pilot? Maybe the autopilots were partially disabled through damage or breakdown and couldn't bet shut off so the aircraft just flew until it ran out of fuel? If the pilots were incapacitated, no one can get through the hardened cockpit cabin door? It WAS re-enforced to stop terrorists from coming through and can only be opened from the inside by the pilots.
I agree that they lost power and oxygen and the plane kept flying until it ran out of fuel.
We have a real expert here on Islam. People listen to Vincent if you know nothing else...
It amuses me that people think they know exactly what a suicidal pilot who was willing to kill 238 innocent people would do because of course someone willing to do that would be thinking rationally.
I was thinking about that. They said that he was constantly on his flight simulator when he was not flying. Maybe he wanted to be in a real situation and try to save the plane or experience the death of a crash. Who knows?
A piece of wreckage 24 meters converts to 75 feet in length - that's a BIG piece to come from an aircraft. Assuming a plane crashed, the wreckage are normally much smaller but we'll see - my hope is they can get answers today...these poor families must be at home eating their guts out with worry.
Big pieces of a plane would likely be mostly Aluminum. Aluminum is more than twice as dense as seawater, so it would SINK, not float, after several days in stormy seas.
a wing has a sealed 50,000 lb empty fuel cell
I am just wondering who is bearing the cost for all these searches.
THey need to look in the Cocos Islands, Indian Ocean.
That's what I was thinking, Right after it crashed I said "they need to look SW." I 'saw' that. I think you and I both are 'seeing' something very fishy about this, excuse the pun. Like I said in my above post, whoever made this plane completely disappear totally knew what they were doing and toyed with the radar readings. Had to be. They knew the time limits on the black box signal and they knew EXACTLY where to turn that aircraft. Very savvy if you ask me.
I hope for the sake of the families involved they find something out so that they get some sort of closure ( if that is possible), and also I hope it truly is something so CNN will find something else to talk about all day besides absurd conspiracy theories.
"so CNN will find something else to talk about all day"..........there's your problem. Watching cnn at all.
I sincerely hope that this is brought to a proper close soon, simply for the sake of the grieving families. And also to allay fears of any future use of the plane as a weapon. One good thing has come from this : it's taken Justin Bieber and Miley Cyrus off the lead story board for awhile.
I sincerely hope that next time you vote, take that Tin Foil Hat off and vote Republican, you Misinformed, radical, Libtarded Buffoon.
The Reuters senario implies that Boeing engineering errors are probably responsible for 229 people being taken possibly on a gastly 6 hour horror trip before dumping them in the south Indian Ocean. How can a fully loaded 777 fly off on its lonesome with NO ONE on this technology infested globe able to say where it went? How, Tonto.
There is not the slightest bit of supporting evidence that this is the missing plane. Take a deep breath, and consult your therapist before your next post.
W, you are kidding right? If not, please be sure you took your meds this morning.
I was watching the news late last night (about 3 a.m.)about this. I watched for 20 minutes, went to another program, came back a half an hour later and the reporters were saying THE EXACT SAME THING! When will we learn in this country that skepticism isn't news.
Releasing this information to the public was wrong and causes more stress to the people who family and loved ones on that aircraft. It would have been better for all sides to wait until the debris were confirmed as part of the aircraft.
Experts are morons after all, this is a suicide case, just that he didn't slam into a building, set it auto and decompressed the cabin , the pilot himself didn't even bother to put on oxygen mask, so he won't feel guilty, the plane down itself after fuel runs out. when fuel runs out , the landing is gradual descend and smoother, few debris if none.
&&& do not glide when they run out of fuel. they drop like rocks. You need the engines to make a jet glide
I find myself appreciating CNN a little bit in terms of following the plane event and breaking news. It's as they used to be - first, efficient, and unbiased. Richard Quest in particular has done a great job. ... I certainly cannot watch MSNBC without becoming nauseous no matter what.
I don't believe a piece of the wing or fuselage would float, at least not for very long. It would have to be filled with air to float and it would have filled with water rather quickly. Besides the plan was to elaborate to just then ditch the plane in the ocean.
I still believe that it was a depressurization accident with a seal/duct, which incapacitated all (and would mean little suffering as at that altitude they would have only had 8-15 seconds). All the 'symptoms' indicate it - look at history with the plane that the golfer took going from FL to TX - wound up in ND! And the 'ghost' flight in Spain. Eerie similarities too close to dismiss. the history of errors with faulty transponders, the oscillations in altitude, the autopilot anomalies with the depressurization. I doubt the timeline of the goodnight - the day it disappeared coincided with time changes. The equipment could be outdated and not match the sophistication of the plane. All leads to an accident with depressurization - maybe a seal/duct, something hit the plane causing a hole, etc. I hope they go back to that. It would mean relief to the families too, to know no suffering. As only a sailplane pilot, we are trained to always have a bailout plan/field, first fly the plane away from obstacles, etc.
It sounds like that makes sense, but what about the fact that the plane turned sharply, yet apparently very intentionally? That's one aspect that doesn't seem to match up with the depressurization theory.
First, in8-10 seconds the pilots could have put their masks on. Second, even with depressurization, that wouldn't turn off transponders or squawk codes. Third, auto pilots don't oscillate nor turn the plane around. Nor drop it to 100 feet over the ocean so it can't be detected. Not at all similar to Payne Stewart's flight. That one STAYED at altitude (even with the depressurization) nor were the transponders or squawk codes turned off....Guess again......
If that were true, they wouldn't have shut down the ACARS system and then the transponder and then reported that everything was fine....
To cause that kind if depressurization , it would have to be something big like one of the emergency hatches
The best explanation I have heard is from a pilot who says it was probably an electrical fire that burned out communications. This has happened before. Pilot took the plane to 45,000 feet to try to kill the fire and turned to the nearest airport. But everyone died and the plane kept flying on autopilot.
Actually, Georgie…. that makes a fair amount of sense
Georgie… then the question would be, was the communications system an accident or sabotage?
The golfer jet that depressurized also took an autopilot left turn for an unknown reason - it was a flight from FL to TX, and wound up thousands miles north in North Dakota. Yahoo search "golfer plane crash" and read it. Other shut down equipment could have been electronic versus a manual turn of a handle. Depressurization 'freezes' things too. And there is a history of seal/ducts on doors and airflows causing depressurization. 777s had issues 2005, 2007, 09 - just do a search. The ocsciallations are also explained with this.
So the fire would have to take out several communications systems except the radio without the crew knowing, then a pilot radios in to say everything is OK, then the radio goes out, then they all die, then the plane turned west, then hours later makes several more course corrections... Or, one of the pilots hijacks the plane and at a later time there's a struggle and the plane crashes. Not saying which (if any) is true, but there are a lot of possibilities and we won't know until they find the plane.
HOw in the hell can it take days to identify if the junk is from the plane or not? How many Boeing wings or fuselages are floating in the Indian Ocean?
If it was brought down by pilots or other individuals, the mass murder over 200 passengers is unforgivable no matter what religion or cause you might represent... and let it reserve your just punishment wherever you be or might end up !!
Don't forget Bengazhi, where 4 Americans died because you voted for a commie dictator.
I just don't believe this. I know some experts in the US say that they believe the plane ditched in the southern Indian ocean but that just makes no sense to me. Why would anyone go thru the trouble of taking control of a 777 jet to just fly it south and ditch it in the ocean? I guess they are also saying that it is not possible to have flown north to land with all the radar but then again, I bet you those same experts would have said 3 weeks ago that it was not possible for someone to take control of a 777 and just vanish it, but clearly someone did, so these experts may be underestimating the perpetrators. I believe they are going on yet another wild goose chase.
The why, so the plane is not found. If the plane is not found, no black box, no guilt for whatever the co-pilot or pilot's reasons.
"Why would anyone go thru the trouble of taking control of a 777 jet to just fly it south and ditch it in the ocean?" Likely, because it was pilot suicide...and in order to ensure that any recently obtained life insurance was payable (which it would not be if it was suicide), he has flown the plane to remote area of the Indian Ocean, where it is extremely deep...thus almost eliminating the possibility that the black boxes can be recovered...and eliminating any definitive proof that it was pilot suicide.
Why would someone do anything crazy in the first place? And if they did, who is to say whether it was too crazy, insufficiently crazy, or just crazy enough?
Next step - ships on station, dive operations, and locate the two "black" (orange) boxes that should still be pinging their transponders for location. Hopefully that will solve some of the mystery without having to haul up every piece of the aircraft they can find.
And maybe when it Pings your empty head, it will tell us why you were dumb enough, to vote for Obozo twice.
Hey uncontrolled anger issue guy.... I'm a Republican! Staff Sergeant, US.Army, Combat Infantry Sniper, multiple tours
IT looks more like a fishing boat to me or perhaps a private yacht. OR just a big confluence of junk in the water.
i just pray that the wreckage found are not that of MH370, i feel for the families and relatives of ALL on the MH370. I pray for a miracle from God that they are all found alive and safe.
How could anyone thumb that down?
For anyone that has watched Lost, you will know that if someone doesn't want this plane to be found, they can easily put decoy debris out there to throw the search in the wrong direction. The longer this is going on, the more shady Malaysia appears to be.
Confusing Reality with a TV series, are we? Better get back on your meds, Mike
I doubt this is debris from the plane, it's more likely sea garbage thrown overboard from a passing ship. Furthernore, how & why did it take almost 2 weeks for as satellite to locate debris? We knew the paths of the diverted plane beforehand. Why, almost 2 weeks into this, we are hearing of this new lead? Something ain't adding up here.
Just because the image was taken doesn't mean it was instantly reviewed. At the time that was taken they didn't think the plain was anywhere near there
Being an old/aged personality I want to suggest can't any responsible person of the concerned quarters take advice/views of the renowned Astrologists spread all over the world. Because I believe there is a Law of Nature who is running the World show. Mehboob
If the Malaysian government says it is a credible lead then that actually means it is NOT a credible lead. Pretty much everything the Malaysian government has said has been false. It would be great if they did find the plane though.
First was the Chinese satellite debris then Australian satellite debris who's debris next?
Does anyone know what Obama is doing?
Needle in haystack analogy needs to be done away with-that would be easy. Just spread out hay and use a dam magnet.
i think the plane exploded in mid air, above radar right where they seen it turn.
then how did it continue flying for 4 to 8 hours onad ping back signals in the air if it exploded. It has to be in tact in order to do that.
If the pilot intended to sink the plane intact and no debris floating, he will let the plane run out of fuel, guide it on a glidepath and slow it down as he approached the water as if landing on an airstrip. But he will not lower the wheels so the plane will slide smoothly on the surface until it stops completely. Then the plane will start sinking, slowly but surely. No Debris!
Why of course, anything that comes apart will leave a lot of pieces for the sharks to feed on. Specially great whites, one time someone found an unopened champagne bottle in the stomach. It was emptied by the time they reached port.
I suspect that everyone on the plane had succumbed, by then, likely to toxic smoke.
Someone opened the door to let the smoke out, so they all died by drowning.
I really find this to be a horrific tragedy. I really feel for these families. Why does the media always have to publicize everything they can whether it is confirmed or just suspicioned? That is the biggest tragedy of all. Those families suffering through the days of not knowing what has happened to their loved one, and then the media is reporting anything about the tragedy to make a buck!
What's really scary is that even if they find the plane, haul it up from the bottom of the Indian Ocean, we'll still have 200,000+ American Conspiracists that we'll deny all the facts so they can maintain their version of the "truth".
How convenient that some evidence of the plane has been located a day after being caught lieing from the beginning. For the families sake I pray that this not false hope.
Hmm, I think you meant "lying".
I think you are right, coverup!
@Tammy...b#tch you must be really bored!!
Still I don;'t believe Pilots has nothing to do with disappearance of the plane, first of all he is the father of 4 has been flying for 16 years and copilot is engaged to be married. without any reason or evident that he was ever belong to any kinds of violence. I hope they focus on those two men with stolen passport. you are so right Richard.
yes the men are obamas buddies muslims
Is this the same area several days ago the news reported a young person saw it on an online Google Earth satellite?
That plane will never be found. I will never believe the media and the officials because they don't have a clue. All they can do is assume what may have happened.
The picture of the alleged debris in the Indian Ocean looks like the EXACT SAME PICTURE shown initially after the plane disappeared, only then (about two days after the plane disappeared) the alleged debris was supposed to have been spotted by a satellite orbiting over the Malaysian Strait/South China Sea. Looks like they're just using the same old satellite photo. And why would someone hijack a plane, fly it for almost 8 hours, only to crash it into the ocean anyway? No, I still think the plane was hijacked by terrorists and flown under the radar to some remote location in what was termed the 'northern corridor' (towards Kazakhstan). It wouldn't surprise me to see this plane in the headlines again a few months down the road when the terrorists try to land it at a busy airport or try to fly it into some skyscrapers. It seems they like to do that sort of thing. In the meanwhile, I'll continue hoping and praying the passengers aboard that ill-fated flight are still alive somewhere and just waiting to be rescued.
They didn't just crash it into the ocean if this is the debris. Based on how far away it is from where it took off, it would have simply ran out of fuel before it made it to land.
Search, pinpoint, identify, determine and then checkout. Remember in space no one can hear you scream, meaning don't chase your own tail and run around in circles chasing false leads. At the end of the day this investigation will have multiple dimensions of investigation by mulitple agencies and orgainizations. No intell group would not want to be a part of this one.
These photos, please! I can google map my house and see my kids bike in the front yard and the lawn furniture. You mean to tell me they can zoom in and tell if this is a piece of aircraft or a McDonalds bag. Yeah right. The countries just don't want other to know how good their satilite imagages are, but its no secret that they can read a newspaper from space. So why the secrecy?
There is something that a government knows. A satellite in space can read a newspaper on earth, it damn sure can tell if it's plane debris. Google earth will give a better view than this.
I would like to know how people could still be supporting an idea of this plane having been on fire? How could it be on fire all the way from near Vietnam all the way down to Australia? Do they think these people put the fire out and then continued flying in the opposite direction? How can a plane burn for over 7 hours? Get real........
The picture of the reporter shoving a microphone into the face of the wailing relative is the absolute most disgusting thing I have ever seen.
That appears to be the remnants of the Cheney Administration...
Why would any terrorist group attack China? Taking this plane would be the same as attacking China. Why would any nation allow this plane to land in secret? Doing so would be an act of war against China.
I think the perpetrators could have escaped by parachuting. That's why the plane went back to land before it proceed to suicide path.
The public never gets the truth on anything anyhow.
Wonder is these are the same pieces of debris the Chinese satellite picked up days ago.
Aliens with Weapons of Mass Abduction.
I think this is nothing. Days ago people in the Maldives said they saw a jumbo jet fly overheard at 6:30am and it was so close, they could see red on it (which describes Malaysian jet). But yet now Aussie's are finding debris off their coast? The Maldives is a far fly from there. I truly believe this jet is on an isolated island somewhere, being used for future terror.
That thought crossed my mind too but since nobody really knows anything at this point, I'm gonna wait and see.
You know that's probably just a Cargo Trailer or sea trash... This story changes Every Day.
I have a tremendous amount of sentiment for the families of the passengers of that Malaysian airline and the need to keep them informed, but the media should stop reporting on every little nuance of discovery and it turns out to be a false alarm.
Why don't these so-called officials stop torturing the poor families of the passengers and only report something when its been confirmed that the debris "spotted" is actually from the missing plane.
And STILL no flyby or anything. This is the most inept investigation since the "disappearance" of Natalee Holloway from the Dutch Caribbean island of Aruba in 2005.
Please let it be something from the plane, those families need closure.
I think the US government knows that it landed, where it is and who has it, but won't say.
Planes just do not disappear, maybe it flew into another time warp or capture by a alien space ship.
I kinda wonder if our free world's leaders figured out that the plane really was hijacked and was landed in some other non-free-world-friendly country and is just tossing the public a red herring to keep down the protests which would ensue if we knew the truth. That thought wandered across my mind this morning when I first read the article. Just a thought.
what a story, but it is really grasping at straws and pure speculation. People want an answer to everything-- how did life start, what happens after we die, why did this 777 disappear. Some questions can't be answered.
If flight 370 went down in the ocean, scattered floating luggage's and clothes should be the first to be located, not plane debris. Satellite's should be able to detect thousands of floating luggage's.
you don't know what you are talking about
122 Objects seems more realistic and this is what I am talking about, not 1 or 2 pieces of plane debris!
I'm feel so ashamed and embarrassed for Malaysia. They are a bunch of goof balls but nobody knew it until this happened.
Thank you Courtney Love! You are a national treasure!
Curiously, same number and size of pieces that the Chinese found a week ago. I think the Chinese found it right away and due to something -just got the location transposed.
Looks like just another sun reflection on the water. What makes it any different from the reflection just to the left of it. Both pictures look identical except the one on the right is a bit blurry.
Anyone remember the junk that the Chinese satellite found a number of days ago? That was looking promising too. Then they announced that it was "not the junk we were looking for" and told us to move on. No one ever said what it was. I suspect this will be similar. Maybe we will discover exactly how much junk is floating around in the middle of the vast oceans....
i have the junk women are looking for...
I still cannot comprehend why pilots have the ability to turn off oxygen to the passengers. Even if this were the case that is screwed up.
This looks like images from the first reports that they may have found debris. Maybe this is actually it this time.
between all the countries that have satellite capabilities every square meter on earth , could be even a smaller coverage area , is covered every moment each day. if not for the reluctance of the Malaysian airline officials along with the government that should allow support from any country & it would only stand to reason that this search would be further along than it is. regardless of where any potential lead comes from they should be explored to be positively sure at any cost that it is not the 777. the world will help you with or without your blessing so do the right thing & ease the suffering of the families of the souls that were on board this flight.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt. In case you don't get it: you're an idiot.
Wow, JC, you're one paranoid conspiracist. And off-the-charts stupid.
@The Man: Obviously YOU don't get it.
The only stupid remarks I see from idiots are from The Man and Joe.
Faux "News" watchers only have to think and feel about this topic in order to solve it. No evidence is needed--just a gut feeling and a little faith.
It's not true that "every square meter" of Earth is covered by satellites every day. Yes, there are lots of satellites. But they are communications satellites. They receive and relay electronic signals for television and radio broadcasts. Or weather satellites designed for tracking storms. They're not spy satellites with cameras looking down at us. Spy satellites are few and carefully positioned. They have to be moved in order to look at a specific place. Moving them takes time, and you have to know where you want them to look. It's not as easy as movies and TV shows make it seem.
the plane is not in the maldives or the bermuda triangle so ignore any articles claiming such. the air france 447 lost in the took 2 years to find wreckage and the amelia earhart plane took 76 to find in the Pacific Ocean. So for the record a plane has been lost in every ocean except the arctic
David, you're half right. There are very few spy satellites and they can only cover a portion of the earth at a time. But they are even more limited than you think. They are in fixed orbits and they can be maneuvered to look to the left or right of their orbital track quite easily, but they cannot be repositioned. Once inserted into a given orbit they are there for the rest of their operational lives. Modifying that orbit in any significant way would destabilize it and shorten its mission life to a tiny fraction of what it would otherwise be. Given that these things each cost as much as an aircraft carrier, it would be an extravagant waste to try to mess with its orbit.
Thanks for the detailed info, Don.
should have heard the "news blurb" they had before the news came on yesterday. made it sound like they found a part of the plane, then the story comes on and they saw something in a satelite photo that might be something but nobody is anywhere near the item to see. I see yahoo does the same thing. this is about as good of a story as the one where Courtney Love saw something on google maps.
Either Aliens took this plane or someone from the future did or there is some scandals that someone with power is trying to hide.
Maybe its part of that satellite that fell into the Indian ocean a couple weeks ago...
15 days 24 hours news articles and tv news. I did see 1 little article that ran in the middle of the night regarding our Obama and government recording and replaying phone calls for their benefit but that is not as important as a plane that we might have found.
Now we are looking in Australia? Clearly no one has any idea. We will find out when something washes ashore in a month or two.
4 days ago and we are just hearing about it??? Sure they already know what it is, The US can look down and see your coffee table so I am sure we are hearing about it late. Sounds like some kind of suicide mission or the weather got them before arriving at their destination.
FOX news hopes this is terrorism so they can keep adding their lame brain opinions.
If the debris is from an aircraft, the crews aboard the Orions already know it. So, it's most likely not.
did you read the article? They said the weather was terrible, plus they are looking for a small thing in a very big ocean.
Yes, I read the article....and I've also crewed on P-3's when I was in the Navy. If the debris is from an aircraft, they already know it.
So the co pilot was searching for the two chicks from Australia that were in the cockpit with him on an earlier flight. I get it.
I know that can't and won't show the public everything, but a better picture would be nice. They can count the hairs on my head but can't zoom in on something 24 meters long?
Why say anything until they know for sure... just giving false hope to the families and feeding the media frenzy.
I don't understand the 'time limited searching' issue for the P-8, it is 'air capable' unless the navy pilots get nervous being under a KC-10 or KC-135 that can operate from Diego Garcia.
Maybe they are not willing to send up a tanker to refuel, maybe they don't have the crew on board to handle extended flights, maybe they have their reasons and know what they are doing
the last thing we want here folks is to lose a friggen plane in the ocean.
And what if the pilot was trying to defect from an oppresive regime and make his way to a democratic one? So close and yet so far... The thought is too horrible, I will try not to entertain it.
He is a pilot, he can just walk out of a hotel room in any democratic country. Hijacking an airplane in you scenario would be an overkill?
@Andy - I base my comments on the timing. The disappearance of the craft happened precisely one day after his political faction's leader was sentenced to do prison time.
Did you ever think that possibly his family could've been threatened if he didn't do this, not saying he even did anything, but it is something to think about, he did put himself out there with vids and all...
STRANGE TO SAY THE LEAST, I WOULD THINK THAT IF SOMEONE WANTED TO DO AN ACT OF TERRORISM THEY WOULD WANT EVERYONE TO KNOW WHO, WHAT, WHEN, WHERE. AND WHY THEY DESTROYED THE AIRCRAFT AND EVERYONE ON BOARD. I WOULD ALSO THINK THAT THEY WOULD WANT TO DO IT IN SPACTAULAR FASHION. SOMETHING IS ENTIRELY WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE.
To bad you didn't put that logic into place when you voted for Obozo twice, you babbling Buffoon.
I don't know what's happened to them but I sure as Hell feel sorry for whatever they've had to go through.
Thumbs Downer - what? You're not sorry? Sucks to be you.
If this is the the debris from the plane, then perhaps one of the commentators was right that suggested that there might have been a fire in the electrical system (which is why he turned off the electronics and went up to 45,000 feet...to suffocate the fire). He also suggested that he turned around to head for an airport near Kuala Lumpur, but was overcome by smoke inhalation and the plane might have continued to fly on autopilot until it ran out of fuel. It's looking more and more likely.
The idea of a fire in the electrical system has been brought up by many tv analysts. Nothing original about that idea at all.
But how can it fly all that way if it was on fire? If there is a fire, it spread very quickly and ends pretty bad..fast
If it was a hi-jacking (again, a big IF) then, if you take the plane to 45,000 feet, everyone on the plane will pass out , unless you have oxygen masks on. Just a thought.
If the plane had a Class C fire, then it would have surely fried the Nav systems. Also, the autopilot is programmed into the system, so I would consider this theory to be highly unlikely.
I'm sticking with the UFO theory. I think it's got legs.
these planes are built so many different things can happen and not effect other parts of the plane didn't the plane in the good old USA fly very far after the pilots were dead????
Beemer, from what i understand, an electrical fire is a slow moving, but smoky fire. What I was saying is that the pilot and co-pilot could have been overcome by smoke inhalation and the plane continued to fly on autopilot. But i agree, there are parts that don't add up.
No map showing the area? Thanks Reuters.
Planes and large parts of planes don't generally float for long if at all after a water landing or crash. Particularly in the open ocean with likely large waves. What I see in this 'imagery' are whales, and I'm not convinced I even see that.
So until anybody finds this stuff, it could be a dead whale floating belly up, or, I should say, parts of a whale.
No a*s wipe. My Mother died 31 years ago and I buried her. Aren't you hilarious now?
What they should be researching is exactly how they lost a Jetliner? You can lose your keys. You can forget to turn off a light. How do you lose a Jumbo jet with 300 people.
has any government checked the email accounts of the passengers to see if one of them got off an email to themselves before the crash to see if there is an accounting of what happened?
This is another source of news March 18, 2014, High Falls, NY. A comprehensive announcement describing the rescue of Flight 370 has been recorded by LightWeb News. The plane was suffering hydraulic failure, was in an uncontrolled state, at risk of imminent destruction. Whisked out of the air in mid-flight, it was taken aboard an enormous spacecraft from Sirius, claimed to be part of the Federation fleet under the Ashtar Command, whose full report is available from LightWeb News. Radar pictures confirm the appearance of alien craft and the sudden disappearance of Flight 370. Confusion reigns in the search and rescue efforts because of the astonishing anomaly which points directly to extremely advanced technological intervention. Read the full explanation from this source, which cites the connection between sightings of cigar-shaped UFO’s in the skies over conflict areas (recently the Ukraine), the capture and safety of the passengers, and a new demand for countries around the globe to participate in initiating NESARA law. Commander Ashtar claims responsibility for the rescue and for the demands, in cooperation with the passengers, who have offered to act as “hostages” to bring about immediate world peace. The entire interview can be obtained by contacting Dr. Kathryn E. May at kemay at aol
obama is concerned, but is too busy in Miami, fund raising.
Moochelle is busy with her entire family searching for the missing plane in China now.
Whatever. My care about this missing plane is dwindling quickly and close to zero
If you call CNN and give them your thoughts they will run it as a fact just released to them. Journalism is dead and Anderson Cooper is an idiot.
Got to give them credit for running a story for two weeks with no facts added since the first day!
Blacks make up 13.5% of the population of the United States and commit 70% of the crime. Muslims make up about 23% of the world's population and commit 99.99% of the bombing and skyjackings. Very Interesting.
I keep wondering why it takes so long for information like this to be reported. Debris was spotted 4 days ago and we are just hearing about it? You would think that they would have recovered whatever it is by now. I wonder how many billions of dollars has been spent on this search so far? Makes me wonder if Maylaysia or China is ever going to reimburse all the countries for looking for THEIR plane. Oh wait, China already owns 3 trillion of Obama's debt.
It takes a while to analyze the imagery, especially when you are looking for an 80 foot object in several thousand square miles of open ocean. Then there is the process of getting it through all of the release channels. 4 days is actually pretty quick.
Obamas ? He inherited none from --------- ?
congrats u managed to put Obama into something that has nothing to do with him...he has his faults but god help u if u ever have a family member who was missing and u cant find them...have a heart man
4 days & still no planes there yet? It only took hours for this plane to go missing & it couldn't have flown much further than this without fueling. I know it would take a lot longer for ships to reach the area. One plane was already there-possibly one not capable of seeing what is under the water, but it just seems like it's taking so long & they have known for 4 days? Hardly seems like the whole story is being told.
Brenda, the image was taken 4 days ago. As I said earlier, it could take a couple of days to analyze imagery from that large of an area.
This is not TV where all the world’s problems can be solved in thirty minutes this is real life. It really is like looking for a needle in a haystack. Good differential analysis requires good information and there has been little of that. There have been lots of theories but little real information to work with. Remember that curvature of the earth; weather conditions, sea state and sun angle all affect the search. Ships travel at a speed not much faster than that of a good bicyclist. Yes painfully slow. It is remarkable what has been discovered thus far.
Our wonderful government wants to cut all kinds of money and benefits for the military because we are so broke. How much money do all of you think has been spent looking for this FOREIGN plane? Let China and the rest of Asia deal with it. Their plane, 95% Asian passangers, Asian pilots and crew. Seems like the only family NOT freaking out is the American family of the American passanger. I know, the paper said 3 American packs, but the other two were infants with China names. Hmm? Two weeks and NOT a clue. Time to pack it in and let nature take its course.
The families keep calling and no answer, my guess is that the cellphones didn't drowned.
Whenever this story comes up I can't help but think of the tv show LOST. Not trying to make a joke, but it keeps coming to mind. :( Whatever happens I hope some sort of closure for the families. It would be great if they were found alive even , but the chances don't look good.
I used to always hear from people that the space satellites had the ability to zoom in so far that they could see a coin. Well, if these satellite images of this plane are the best they have then that clearly busts that theory.
weather - cloud cover - distance is several thousands of miles up
This guy is another Jim Jones of Guyana no two words about it. (who ever responsible) heading south pole even the communications are malfunctioned this is deliberate act to destroy the flight. easy as that. Why going off course so long without trying to land closer airport ? Tragic well this is rare though - pretty scarey - what can innocent passengers do when you have a sick guy at the helm.
"An Australian air force AP-3C Orion plane was already at the scene, John Young, general manager of the emergency response division of Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA), told the news conference in Canberra." And they don't know what the debris might be? BS! This catastrophe has been nothing less than a botched mission from the beginning. Misinformation, lies, cover ups, lack of information, slow iformation release etc, what gives?
Hey you, the thumbs down guy! Are you insisting that a piece of debris 79 feet long FLOATING on the surface of the water can't be identified as a shape of a planes wing or a piece of fuselage when seen up close by a person? This is not some satellite picture but the observer is actually flying over the debris (at the scene?.
It's probably right where they last had it.
so you see how these stupid females print the news they have no idea what the #$%$ is in the water, but these two weaker sex stupid news people know what it is. dumb jackasses.
So tell us, how long have you hated your mother?
I really wish they would have waited to release this until they knew for sure that these objects were in fact from the missing plane. The media is doing nothing but getting the missing people's loved ones hopes up. I really hope that these are related to the plane tho....
Yes but the families (let alone a government) are putting a lot of pressure on the Malaysians to say anything. Dumb, but that's the way it is.
So the pilot was into computer games; what's next, FBI and CIA agents at every Game Stop?
Grainy images at best... And the second image doesn't show much of anything. It could be anything including a white cap from a wave. But for the families sake I guess you need to report it to them. After seeing that mother dragged out of that news conference which just tears at the heart, reporting this is a must.
The oceans are full of debris, some debris collecting and forming islands as much as a mile across. From what we know so far, it is hard to say this is "credible"?
Ocean is worlds largest garbage dump. Garbage islands are much bigger then 1 mile across. Yet some posted comments searchers should be picking up garbage as they go to clean up Oceans-ignorance is bliss I guess.
no doubt. cruise ships dump tons of trash in the ocean on every cruise.
Things are starting to get really old about the media coverage of this. Why in the world would anyone make this announcement before they have proof that it is from the plane. Can you imagine what the families are going through. The media can't, all they are interested in are ratings. Look you seen it here first.
Did the plane crash in the Australian Alps?
The whole thing has gone from tragedy to mystery to surreal to ridiculous in just a couple of short weeks. Known of the objects for a few days and now it will take several days? Good night. Wake me when you have a credible news story.
Aren't these the same photos that the Chinese satellite reported over a week ago?
Not all the lifeless bodies will be recovered. Large sharks such as hammerheads and bull sharks are known to swim in these waters.
Hard to imagine and harder to say - In the battle of analysis on this one from CNN and Fox - Fox Won! Having said that, you will never hear their crowd admit to bow out reasonably and I am talking about fox crowd!
A competition between fox and cnn is like a race in the special olympics.....it doesn't matter who wins because in the end, they are both retahhhhded!!
Darth - You must admit, Fox is down right evil.
They are both misleading with their own agendas....I get my news from BBC
I wonder which country stands to make as hit load of money off keeping the fact that they know where this plane is, and exactly what is being done to it? The continual phony hits are getting way too obvious! Someone has it, and someone is going to use it in a bad way, and at least one or more countries know it!
Instead of posting "possible jet pieces and stressing the families out even more, why don't these losers verify it yet...sheesh.
I think the media has become obsessed with finding this plane. Although I admit it is a tragedy, we do have other things going on. So how about you tell us when you find it and mabe I will start paying attention to you a little more.
Seriously? With todays modern technology and the fact that we can take HD photos of the moon and other distant planets they can't take a better picture than that? What horsecrap. I believe the poor resolution was done on purpose so we can't make out what we see to leave us speculating. They could have easily zoomed in on that and taken a pic in HD no question about it.
THIS is irresponsible reporting.... why are authorities running to the media at the smallest sign of ANYTHING floating in the water? I don't think they understand how much further anguish this causes for the family not to mention further hindering the search... they should go out and identify it FIRST before getting people excited..
It would have taken them only a matter of hours to figure out if this floating debris belonged to the plane or not. Looks like another false lead.
Your brain would take a hell of a lot longer....probably years.
A shoutout to all you U.S., Oz, & Kiwi Aircrew, watch your traffic. In God We Trust, All Others We Monitor!
There’s also work being done toward total global coverage. Aireon LLC, a joint venture between U.S satellite operator Iridium, the Canadian air navigation service and three European air traffic control authorities - says it will provide a space-based global air traffic surveillance system beginning in 2018. The German Aerospace Centre (DLR) is also working on a project with Luxembourg-based satellite firm SES and space electronics group Thales Alenia Germany, a joint venture between Thales and Finmeccanica.
Does this agree with the fishermen who said they saw and heard the plane flying very low overhead? Is it on the same line of travel? Does anyone know?
Its not (that was the Maldive, completely different direction) and that was debunked.
I have an unrelated question, we all can get a pretty good idea of how vast the oceans of the world are now. So how do the animal/whale rights groups claim to know how many animals live in the forests or how many fish/whales live in the vast oceans?? Just wonder if they have dive teams taking a head count because they are going to need a lot of them.
many animals tend to live in one spot, you do sampling and extrapolate. Just like polling. You don't need exact numbers, just numbers that are in the same ballpark.
oh ok thanks for the clarification just baffles me how they know exactly how many whales live in 100,000 square miles of ocean, or how many monkeys live in the Borneo rain forest 1 million square acres, perhaps those folks can assist in locating the plane?????
I hope this is part of the missing plane so those poor families can finally have some closure. And I still believe the simple answer over the complicated one: mechanical and human error leading to everyone unconscious, and the plane crashing. It's happened before to experienced pilots, and is much more plausable than some cockamamy theory about terrorists or hijacking or suicide. People are so willing to believe the worst of situations, no matter how convoluted.
So, the big question I have is... does Vanilla Ice really work as a stock boy in a supermarket?
Get a jub he doesn't sit around and ask for a freebie
We may never know exactly what happened even if the "black box" is found. The black box records the last two hours of data / voice. If as reported, the plane continued to fly 4 hours after some "event", that event will NOT be captured on the black box. Ooops.
the black box is at the bottom of the sea.
I wonder how long the guys at the NRO (National Reconnisance Office) have been looking at that wreckage? The NRO controls all the spy sattelites. And the LAST thing that they would ever do...is to tell ANYONE that they know where something is. It would reveal their capabilities...which they don't want done.
Sure glad they used the word POSSIBLE in this. The coverage of this after the first couple of days is HORRIBLE All news outlets
Hey Roy Christians brain wash too just like the Muslims. Muslims are called terrorist Christians are called sheep..
Left out of the article: Chief Pilot Zaharie was having marital difficulties. Considering he seemed to play computer games with his free time, his mind may have become desensitized to violence considering the gratuitous and, frankly, sick levels of violence encountered in these "games." Think Grand Theft Auto or some of these other atrocious games that are being ingested by our malleable youth and others like Zaharie. All of these violent game should be made illegal!
Probably over 200 cell phones on that flight and NONE of them are trackable?
And trackable by what? They need to be near a cell tower... At 23,000 feet - you are not.
This discovery of the debris left still me feeling sad although I'm inclined the missing airliner has been at the bottom of the ocean sea.
Why don't they wait to confirm they're airplane pieces before jumping on the media bandwagon.
uhh..because the world is full of incompetent idiots who love to jump to conclusions and feed the gossip mill
I honestly believed the thing was never in the water. I love how they had this info 4 days ago and did not release it until now even though it is still unconfirmed. IF it is in fact from the flight at least the loved ones get closure and we no longer have to worry about it being used against other people maliciously.
Well they have to investigate a little bit more before they announce it. Don't think they wanted it to be another false alarm.
That is just it. They released they information four days after learning of it and while it is still unconfirmed.
You'd think by now that they would have learned to put some sort of satellite GPS signal on the plane that's seprate from all the other systems and on a separate system so that if the plane goes down that they can find it via satellite.
The location of possible plane debris is in the vicinity of the red arc described as the last known satellite contact with MH-370. Keeping fingers crossed.
Am I alone here or is this story over reported? Seems the media gets hold of one issue like this and reports nothing else for days! No one knows at this point so go on with your life and report other news until some real truthful facts come out then let us know the FACTS. Not endless conspiracy ideas! Maybe someone from Mars took it!! Who the F knows right now!
I suspect that the families of the missing passengers would not agree with you - but that is just my opinion.
How is all the 24/7 reporting and endless conspiracy helping them? Give them facts when you have facts. We all are sorry for them. Not sure we can do more than that until we have FACTS
ok they probley found the plane , 3 miles deep there is nothing left , the bodies exploded after 400 ft under water , their is nothing to recover , the crush depth destroyed anything that had air in side it , i hope they all passed quickly and didnt suffer,only a certain diving unit can be used at those depths the navy has it i belive ,they used it on the titanic two years ago when they showed it on national television about a year ago only the minie subs might can go to a depth that deep ,remember them as they were ,stay with that in mind and every one will make it through this time
Your body will not (explode) 400 feet under water!
People always want to #$%$ and moan about how we shouldn't waste tax money on NASA and space exploration. What they don't understand is that NASA only receives .5% of your tax dollar and returns $5-$10 for every tax dollar it spends. NASA is also responsible for a ton of technology that we use in our everyday lives. Maybe if we furthered our efforts in space and science we would have technology to find a plane in the vastness of the ocean. Unfortunately, people are ignorant to the importance of science today. They would rather #$%$ about everything rather then find solutions. Also, sorry for the sort of off topic rant.
@D, giving you thumbs down for wasting your breath, this group today is just a sense of the barack syndrome, brainless, clueless!
@ROBERT- I understand, but, it is yahoo, they are usually clueless. Sometimes its just fun to see ignorant people struggle to write out a competent thought.
We'll now this take how many days to Australian people then final news ? I know Australia is faraway but enough is enough. This family wait 12 days to had final answer , I think this people from aero line they no more , what they said.
F-F-S... It was news when it went missing. Until recently there was no suggestion it had gone past the search area Aust has responsibility for since it was supposedly heading the other way. Someone has to look at a lot of images covering a massive area to get to this point. So think before you type - Australia is putting a lot of effort and resources into this
All of these reporters and investigators are all a bunch of knuckleheads. They see something that may be debris from a crash... Yet, instead of going to the location and figuring out what it actually is, they speculate and report based on poor intel. This debris is not on some out of reach, distant planet... 1. Go to the damn sight. 2. Figure out what it is... 3. THEN REPORT IT. Don't just jump straight to step 3 and speculate.
I don't understand how they are unable to locate wreckage of a plane that large- if it actually did crash into the ocean. If it actually crashed into the ocean, would the wreckage sink that fast? I would have thought that there would be multiple pieces and it would be easier to spot. The whole thing is just strange and has been poorly handled.
idiot. try looking for that plane in the area that twice as big as United States
Maybe a UFO got them. Makes about as much sense as anything else I've heard.
If this was an american suggestion, means dumber is working with dumber, guess our technology really does suck!
Looks like another senseless mass murder.
Blacks make up 13.5% of the population of the United States and commit 70% of the crime. Muslims make up about 23% of the world's population and commit 99.99% of the bombings and skyjackings.
I prayed the would have been found in some sadistic plan to use them as a hostage...should this not be, then I hope the family can have rest and burry their loved ones to find resolution. Sad, life ends when you think it was safe to live. Evil all over this world.
Thailand just reported a nuclear missile passing through their airspace. If anyone asks them they will track it's destination, otherwise they're just gonna ignore it.
Wait .... four days ago and we are just hearing about it? Blurring images too ... this is another false lead. Plane is sitting in Western Pakistan being readied for a terrorist mission. It's been leaked that Rolls Royce and Boeing had engine pings revealing it's actual location ... and now the Israel Air Defense is on high alert. Put two and two together folks.
Too many reporters with too much time on their hands. Just tell me when they actually find something. Until then there are plenty of other things you could be doing, like fact-checking your sources.
Idiot's like you seem to have plenty of time to be moronic blatherskite's!!
the pilot with the flight simulator is not suicidal. he just took the plane, after he killed everyone on board with no oxygen, to El Kyddo for a future plan yet to be seen. betcha
Everybody need an answer, this is a tragedy nobody wants to happen. Let that Chinese lady do the investigation and search so she will know how it is. She is not the only one who lost somebody the Malaysians also. Even though the simulator is there that has nothing to do with the incident,
A pilot or anyone on a suicide mission would never, never, never...fly towards Australia for fear of never being found. The recent media story doesn't make any sense.
Well, unless he didn't want to be found of course; in that case, he WOULD fly towards Australia
If he were flying "toward" Australia, he missed to the right by about 1500 miles....
Yeah, looks more like the target was Antarctica.
I flew to Australia many times.
He would if he didn't want to bring shame to his family
I was watching CNN Headline news this morning which is not to bad because it is just the headlines, and I started timing it every 90 - 120 seconds they broke back to the plane story with no new information just saying the exact same thing they said 2 minutes earlier. A little obsessed are we CNN
this story has attracted a huge audience. Big money being made by CNN and other networks. All about money.
The other "news" networks arnt much better.
Joe you know they get paid the same for advertising no matter how #$%$ the ratings are for this last two weeks
You get a satellite image of 24 mtr long debrie just 185kms away from the exisiting search site. I dont think I or any insane will come to the media report instead of search and pick it up. Give us a break, just pick it up and then come to media.
Gee, you are so funny.! You should hope you never have a tragedy in your family.
Baffling mystery? How about a baffling cover-up !! Just like the Flight 800 over Long Island Sound in 1996 that was brought down by a missile .. In 15 years they will let the secret out !!
Wait, did they not prove long ago it was a faulty sensor in the fuel tank that exploded?...Prettty sure all the data and testing is pulic information. BUT...conspieracy nuts dont like fact...just assumption.
Sorry, faulty sensor in the fuel tank that caused the fumes in the fuel tank to explode. I need to be clear as the nuts will be all over anything they think is false.
Brian, you are the idiot. So, we are just supposed to get there immediately? No common sense for you.
I think something went terribly wrong in flight which caused a rapid decompression and system failure. The fact that the airline made a quick sharp turn tells me the pilot was trying to get back to dry land...when the decompression happened the pilots became disoriented (what if the oxygen masks didn't drop?) and may have switched the transponder off in error. The fact that the plane went up to 45,000 feet immediately after the turn, then began a descent could mean no one had control of the yoke. One expert on CNN also thinks the plane was flying 'ghost'...he said it's hard to believe that out of the 200 plus people on that plane that no one attempted to call or text...so whatever happened I believe everyone on the plane were all rendered unconscious and suffocated. In todays world of instant communication someone would have attempted to contact family if a crash was imminent and they were conscious since they were in the air for several hours after the initial 'event'....we saw this repeatedly during the 9/11 attacks people made calls before the planes crashed! I also don't think it was hi-jacked to be used for some future terrorist plot. It doesn't make sense, especially having to deal with over 200 people to hide or get rid of...not to mention the difficulty in hiding a plane this size. I do hope they find the black boxes...that is the only thing that may give accurate and firm data to show what happened. The families need answers.
This theory is the one that makes the most sense to me.
i was thinking the same as well, the turn was an attempt to get back when they knew there was trouble.
I think all the ground flight crew that worked on the plane for at least a week prior need to be investigated too. It could have been them that caused some issue with the flight.
An entire, brand new, flight path was entered into the plane's auto-pilot computer taking it over the Indian Ocean and far away from Kuala Lumpur -- or any land whatsoever. You don't do that during a major emergency, such as a sudden decompression. Planes with a rapid decompression crash right where they encounter the decompression. They don't fly on for 7 or 8 hrs. for the main reason that they can't b/c the plane is mortally damaged and it crashes. This was pilot suicide -- Co-pilot suicide in fact, which seems more likely. Plain and simple. No big mystery at all.
WAITE A MIN !!! Malaysia ARE TELLING PPL DON'T SPECULATE ON THIS, THAT IT MAY NOT BE OF THE Malaysia PLANE !! WHAT !!! I'M CONFUSED , ARE THEY NOT THE ONES WHOM HAVE BEEN MISS FEEDING INFO TO THE PUBLIC ETC!! BOY DO THEY LOOK STUPID AND SOUND DUMB!!!
The assumption of the Pilot switch off the communications system is wrong and unfounded accusations. * all assumptions should held in the highest integrity until it is proven to be; The families of the lost ones are in mourning and your reports are being most heartful before the prove is on hands.
The cockpit most definitely cut off communications as well as took the plane out of route. Co-pilot's final communique was AFTER the left turn. They've proven that.
If a satellite can't get clear enough picture of a 24 meter long object that means all theses stories about them being able to read a newspaper print from satellite is complete BS!!! Unbelievable - we have apps that allow us find our phones when we loose them - I can't believe there isn't anything that lets you locate a plane!
Yep, they showed us the highest resolution spy photo they could find and it still looks like BS to Geronimo. Luckily, Geronimo is too stupid to be in charge of anything but the fry bank at McDonalds so, except for causing massive outbreaks of food poisoning, he can't do any harm.
Can anyone STOP CNN's on-going analysis of pure speculation. If you find out something that is actual news THEN let us know but all-day droning about "educated guessing" makes me want to disconnect my cable!
just cnn? how about all the news stations, reporters and posters?
I am much more concerned with our illegal alien problem, our deficit and how the price of everything is going up. Malaysia, Crimea....who cares. Bring all of our troops home. When we leave, Afghanistan will be ruled by the Taliban, just a fact.
I took a good look at those pictures and I have no clue how anyone could wake up the world and announce this information without seeing it in person first. Sure would be a buzz kill if it turns out to be another cast away dude from Mexico.
Yes. As opposed to the idiots who think they're comedians and make jokes about it. I wonder how they'd feel if one of their family was missing and some anonymous moron posters on Yahoo are makiing jokes.
Questions: Why did you vote for Obozo?....... Why did you vote for Obozo twice, knowing he is a failure like you?........Why didn't you demand a brain while your mother was delivering you?
Doesn't surprise me the Aussies latched onto a new lead, for such a small population they still have the world's best sea rescue capabilities. Whether the Malaysian 777 or not, the Aussies will quickly ferret it out, regardless of the fact that it is in an area so far off the beaten path that it is where god lost his shoes. Maybe will bring some closure to a couple sailboats lost in the area.
Then why didn't their radar pick this up when it flew by their nation?
Bob. The site is 2300 kilometres from the Australian coast.
All bs. The plane blew up 26 minutes after take off by two Islamic terrorists. Everything beyond that are deliberately made up lies by the govt, headed by the US (Obama) to try to flush out the terrorist group responsible. This would be forgivable except for they're doing such an abysmal job. These stories aren't even believable or credible by anyone. What they should have done is continue about their made up story of this being Iranian, and then just shut up and eventually this ploy could have worked. You never know, it still might, but if you were a terrorist and saw this, you might just end up keeping your mouth shut and not saying anything, since it's probably pretty obvious who did it, the Islamist organization right over there in Malaysia who has a big beef with their govt.
Wow! You were able to take a break from Oxford long enough to grace us with that streaming series of thoughts. Thank you, we are all the better for it.
you ever see the back of a 100 dollar bill.....its there, you can see it. a #$%$ conspiracy i tell ya
If you believe Linda, you might be a Republican.
They can find an I phone that`s been stolen. Why can`t they find one that belongs to a passenger?
Maybe because its under 2 miles of water SHERLOCK!
1) it would likely not work because of water. 2) YOu don't even know if any of them had iphones, could be Samsung, flip phone, nokia or Motorola phones and you don't know who owned what or any of their personal info to get their phone data. That stuff is private and protected.
They are OBVIOUSLY stalling for some reason.
Regardless of the phone type/brand, cell phones do not capture a cell signal after about 2,000 feet of altitude in a plane, nor do they function effectively when wet.
Plus the most obvious reason you all failed to mention. There are no cell towers out over the ocean.
Amazing how a possible sighting and a journalist can cite so many authorities and write such a trivial story over....who knows what it is. But at the end of the day, it's a story about...nothing confirmed. You really fake a check for writing such nothingness?
Sadly with Australians leading investigation in this part of the world - I think this will bad news for the families anyhow. It is not far from known maritime garbage patch; so it will take more time sort it out. **But it also near the end of fuel range of aircraft.** The way Malaysian Airlines botched the investigation in the beginning; I would not put too much faith in Malaysian Airlines following maintenance advisories on aircraft lithium batteries. I am more inclined to think MH370 may have lost battery compartment & avionics compartment to fire. Pilots may have been flying aircraft until they could not fly it no more.
news people . look at the photo above . only news people and murderers will tell you your family is believed to be dead then shove a microphone in your face to get your reaction . how can anyone ask questions like , how does it feel to know your family is now dead at the bottom of the sea being eaten by the sea life . good god leave those people alone .
Nice that this whole story is able to distract the public from obama's inaction and failure in confronting Russia and other events abroad.
Obama is just doing the same thing that Bush did when Russia invaded Georgia in 2008, which is nothing.
So, that excuses obama? Anyone of good character knows you don't excuse the behavior of one person by pointing at the bad behavior of another. Please get a life and some real arguments to support your messiah. Thanks.
Yeah, Obama should just declare war on russia, and launch the nukes....... Right.
Thomas, you post just ONE link from 2008 where the Republicans were calling Bush weak and Putin strong and I will apologize. Just ONE.
Don't have to...the fact that Bush used military force was enough to dissuade other countries from such actions. Obama has done all he can to pull back the military, fire top generals and admirals and shrink our military might around the world; hence, we appear weak and ineffectual, just like your messiah.
It did not dissuade Russia from invading Georgia. You can't post any link because Repuggies did not care that it happened when Bush was in office. You only squawk about it now because it is Obama in office. And he is not my messiah because I did not vote for him...or for Mitt.
Do I get a Refund Check For all the Idiots I've had to Listen to for the past 12 days?
Weren't there two very similar objects reported close to the last radio message? Search couldn't locate them. Since the aircraft is now known to possibly have flown 6-7 hours longer, could these two objects position been given in error? If so, a review of the correct position could help with drift, etc.
I live in the country and there's a trash pile on the neighboring property. I can't tell what all's in it. Maybe they should come take a look.
it went north, it went south it wen to the Indian Ocean, it wen to Pakistan it went to the north pole where Santa Claus lives, the media going on making speculations is just sickening!
Now commences the whack jobs with their alien abduction claims and US government/Obama attempts to divert attention from the economy.
Or - it was all staged so Obama can take their guns away. ( Seriously, I already saw a post like this.)
The satellite image looks like a remake of the Big Bang images. China came up with one that turned out to be nothing. Others have done same with the same outcome. How credible is the Big Bang Theory above all others? You be the judge!
I think this is a ruse by the Koch brothers to out the gullible, liberal press. There never was a flight or any passengers. The Koch brothers just made it up to see how many in the main-stream media will just swallow anything they are given.
Whoever they got to play the parts of the bumbling Malaysians are doing a really good job!
Plane is not crash is Indian 0cean even satellite pucture who mentioned two suspect objects are not related to that plane the reality is plane MH -370 MALAYSIA Airlines plane hijacked and safely landed in Kazakhstan Area
MEDIA, Please stop reporting in the "possible" tense. It confuses viewers…you guys have been reporting a different theory for the last 13 days. For the families sake…report the facts once you know and it's with certainty. Sign, Just as Confused as the Rest of the World
Sadly, if they only reported facts and said nothing until they had facts, then there would be a multitude of people asking why the media wasn't keeping everyone up to date on the current search.
Assuming Rolls Royce can actually track and extrapolate the path of their engines, which is more likely? 1. The plane flew undetected over Singapore, Jakarta, and the rest of Indonesia, en route to open ocean 2. The plane flew undetected over the entire width of India, en route to Pakistan
That would get them clear past Indonesia, but if your final destination is truly south, to where?
Why not just go down in the Gulf of Thailand? If suicide he HAD to know turning the transponder off would be detected and rule out accident for sure.
God and Commenter fighting. Never thought I'd see the day.
actually you show up as "A Yahoo User" for me, suicide idea - not Commenter. Strange
Neither. RR wasn't able to track their engines once ACARS quit. 16 replies ot get one right answer.
Stop already. There are to many theories from the idiotic, space aliens to the plane being hijacked by terrorists and flown to Pakistan.
I thought we had satellite capabilities that could read license plates from space. In any event I hope for the sake of the families that this lead pans out.
Lol. So other countries can spot an object and know measurements of it?
Offer a 10 Million Dollar reward before the trail goes cold. Bounty Hunters will find this plane, we just have motivated the right people yet. The pivate sector is always rescuing govenment so stop with the lazy govenment do nothings and hire the professionals already.
Someone on that plane was delivering something of importance to China from the US. Either China, US or Russia, diverted the plane via remote, then crashed it into the area far away from it's expected course so it would be difficult to find the black box anytime soon. Meanwhile, the pilots will be accused or set up as terrorists or the blame will be placed on the 777 as having malfunctioned or catching on fire. It's also highly likely that whatever they find in that ocean might be planted to support their false theory of a fire/malfunction on board. It's all bull$&@#
That is a very interesting theory.
So what was the cargo that is now at the bottom of the ocean?
Really? Some imagination you have there....wow...
I've heard that before. Per Wiki Answers, How many planes does the US have in their military?. Answer is "According to the 2008 USAF Almanac, the total number of aircraft in the USAF was 5,778 in 2007." Out So logic would tell you we wouldn't need to put something on a commercial flight?
What makes them think that this a possible part of the plane?Half the island of Japan is floating in the ocean still to this day after the earthquake and floods that followed. Private sailors say that they are always hitting debris in the ocean it is a dumping ground.
Cut the #$%$, Reuters. Your know damn well thru your sources that 1.) The plane landed at a military airfield in Pakistan. 2.) The flight crew was in on the plan. 3.) The plan was to load the plane up with a weapon of mass destruction to use on either Isreal or a European target. 4.) This was masterminded by Islamofascist terrorists. 5.) But the whole thing came apart because Boeing can track all of the commercial aircraft they have manufactured for the past 12 to 17 years via built-in telemetry which can tell Boeing WHERE EACH INDIVIDUAL PLANE IS; WHETHER IT IS IN FLIGHT OR STATIONARY ON THE GROUND; AND THE CONDITION OF A VARIETY OF ITS OPERATING SYSTEMS--and the two pilots of this flight were unaware of these technical capabilities which allowed the plane to be tracked in real time by Boeing until it landed in Pakistan. 6.) And yes, there was Iranian involvement in this. SO QUIT MILKING THIS STORY FOR YOUR OWN IDIOTIC PURPOSES, REUTERS. YOU ARE DISGUSTING.
is there actually proof of this or just a theory?
Well according to your name, this just seems to be an observation.
Well, I suppose that your "guess" is as good as the next conspiracy theorist's "guess".
we all know Courtney Love nailed it - it's right where she said it would be lol
Your tin foil hat is inside out!
Get back on your meds observer the troll. And quit milking this thread for your own idiotic purposes observer the troll. You are disgusting.
It's not PC to tell the truth when the story involves Muslims.
Muslims believe that if die while killing multiple non-Muslims, they will go to heaven with 72 virgins waiting for them. Come on, Muslims are crazy, nut-case people.
Well, then, there Tony, Hunter, Way Wild, Jennifer, Richarrrrrrd, et al: My source happens to be Lt. General Thomas McInerney, just in case you're all wondering. And just WHO would your "sources" happen to be?
Lots of voices bouncing around that vacuous cranium observer? There's this thing called ACA- check into.
That qualify as a put-down where you come from, Richarrrrrd? You just gotta try HARDER next time, Mongo. You seem to have a hang up on other people's psychology/mental functioning/whatever. Better be a nice boy or they just might take your computer privileges away there at the group home. Or is it a full-blown asylum your parents had to lock you up in? On second thought, don't answer that. I don't REALLY care to know, y'know?
In order to try harder, observationster the troll, you would have to rise up to being more of a challenge. But then, you probably don't rise up to anything. Simple put downs for simpleton commenters. As you were trollster the observation. Poor little thing.
Quit boring me with your whining, dip(s)h(i)t. Go embarrasss yourself somewhere else.
And out comes the mindless attempts at insult by profanity so common to the low brow type of mentality when it begins to realize that it has entered into a field of discussion beyond it's intellectual ability to contend with. Babble on little troll.
On some level an observation, I pity you. I told you to babble on, and you followed my direction. Spirits love you, you're just not bright.
Aw, little Richarrrd still craving attention? Call the nice nurse with the big yellow pills 'cause it looks like you need your sedative again. After all, we can't have our precious little wonder boy getting all overheated again, can we?
The agent provocateurs union is going to give me a raise for finding such an easily manipulated mark. By all means, carry on.
You're too easy, skippy. Everytime I stick in the needle you rise to it just like an eight-year-old. And those sanctimonious attempts at condescention were just too much! You ARE mommy's precious little wonder, aren't you? Now go play with yourself like a well-behaved little snot and leave the grown ups alone. That's a nice boy . If I haven't proved to you what a CHILD you are by now, then you're too stupid to matter....
On second thought, you ARE too stupid to matter. Get lost.
Man what a payday trollster the observer. The longer I keep headcases like you on the hook, spewing your hate, the more I get paid. Thank ya. Thank ya very much.
Striker, listen, and you listen close: flying a plane is no different than riding a bicycle, just a lot harder to put baseball cards in the spokes.
Lol! Keep em coming.. I was doing Airplane quotes last night!
All these images look alike to me no shape just a spot in the water.
So Malaysia is lead due to it being their airline but EVERYONE else possibly solves it. Arrogance at it's best. Can we bill these slants for our time?
Media coverage or should I say SPECULATION coverage of this tragic event is just awful and shameless. Last night I flipped to CNNs 24/7 ad nauseum speculation and Don Lemon said, "when we return we'll have the LIGHTNING ROUND"...as if he was hosting some sort of a freaking game show.
anyone want to explain why the images of our own planet are less clear and more discolored and pixelated than shots we have taken of moons and surrounding planets? This seems like an entire campaign of misdirection and planted images. This particular rough image of the sea is about the 4th time they have planted a photo like this, which includes the one that Courtney Love tweeted. All these reports look to be delays of the final truth and not actual evidence of anything. Each supposed clue has been shot down so far, so why not wait until they confirm something before the media and Yahoo reports them?
Your commentary smacks of conspiracy theories. Why not the simplest answer instead of some convoluted twist?
"Each supposed clue has been shot down so far, so why not wait until they confirm something before the media and Yahoo reports them?" Precisely. It just annoys me to no end when news outlets report on things without confirmation. How would those who are reporting this latest "lead" feel if they were waiting anxiously on word about a loved one who was on that plane?
Each satellite has a different objective. Not all of them need very high resolution. Some need to cover a wider angle on each pass, that means they can't zoom in like the photos on google earth. This one is a commercial satellite seemingly over the southern hemisphere where there is little land (except Australia, New Zealand and South Africa).
I wondered almost the same thing too. this is only the 2nd picture I've seen and the resolution is worse than the first one. Ridiculous and two days late. Stalling and Misdirection.
The methodical shutdown of the communications systems, together with the fact that the plane appeared to be following a planned course after turning back..... The pilots had a suicide pact. Or, since the aircrew was muslim, they decided to murder a plane load of infidels
Yes, since the aircrews are randomly selected to avoid this happening, it was just blind dumb luck that two suicidal pilots got the same flight. Yep.
It doesn't make sense that someone would want to fly 1,500 miles to crash a jet filled with people into the ocean. What difference would it make that the jet was 1,500 miles or 3 miles from Kuala Lumpur. If the objective was to crash the jet, they would have done so near a populated area.
It makes perfect sense if the objective was for the airplane not to be found. The pilot apparently wanted to obscure his plan of mass murder/suicide which is why he flew the plane to one of the most remote places on earth. This had to be deliberate. Perhaps there were financial reasons that caused him to do this. If the plane is not found, then life insurance policies will be paid.
Australian authorities have just announced what they thought was wreckage has turned out to be white Ford Bronco. Stay tuned for breaking news as they cautiously follow in slow pursuit...
If these are from the cashed Plane, I can bet you these will contain "Bomb Residue, some circuit board made in Iran, cloths bought in Syria & somethings from Crimea". Why is US & Aussies want to get to these debris first ?. There are so many other countries around this area & they can help too, you know ~~
Each country has a share of advertisement for their ability playing with Satellite. First China and Now Australia!!! I am sure Afghanistan will be next, to find some debris in Rocky Mountains close to Aspen, Colorado!!!!!!!
Why didnt anyone on board the Aircraft try to call anyone on their cellphone? I dont think they knew anything was wrong! Someone would have tryed to call someone if they knew they were in danger
For the UMPTEENTH TIME. Cell phones are incapable of connecting to a cell tower after 3,000 feet of altitude or more -- and especially so when there are no cell towers on the ocean. I know you sincerely believe that any cell phone, when turned on and not in airplane mode, will work (e.g. make and receive text messages and phone calls) anywhere on the face of the earth.
Martha, it was the zombie plane option, what happened is that the plane's computer crashed like our computers at home and the plane went up to 45K and thats too high for a 777 and the oxygen masks stopped working and half the people were already sleeping and the other half were probably wathcing the monitors and they passed out from lack of oxygen.after everyone died the plane just kept flying until it ran out of fuel.Experts call the 777 a giant flying computer, how many times did your computer crash at home??? boening got the bad news after 15 yrs, theres a major problem with the 777. Also at 35K your cell phone doesnt work and perhaps even if they had sattelight phones, those proabbly stopped working also with this computer crash catastrophe.But even if someone had a suspicion, theres no towers over the ocean to make a cell phone call.but by that time they figured something out, it was already too late, it takes less then 15 seconds to faint from lack of oxygen. they all died within the first 30 minutes of that flight, so sad.
Why do people demand immediate answers when they can clearly see that the whole world is working to try to find them? It will not change anything that has already happened. In this day and age people seem to think that you can just pop it up on some screen and see anything they want to at any time. That is just not the case.
Haven't you heard of a thing called Google Earth???
A reflection of what an "instant society" we've become, people watch too much CSI where everything is wrapped with a bow in 1 hour or less.
Google earth can take a clear picture of the license plate of my car in my driveway but we are supposed to believe they can't tell what something 79 feet long floating in the ocean is?
They have a much clearer picture. They blur it for security reasons.
That picture of your license plate was take by a vehicle mounted camera Not many vehicles in the South Pacific, or Indian Ocean
All media hype... you don't crash in the water after committing the perfect plan, its in Pakistan baby
So does this mean that the terrorists can take over the radio and controls of an airliner and fly it like it was a drone until it runs out of fuel and crashes???? Does this mean we will no longer be able to take laptops on board the airplane?? Maybe I should sell my stock in United ? Buy a personal parachute?
Let's get some perspective here, it's been 12 days that 239 people probably died and the news is nonstop. Yes, it is a very sad story and all but the news is not covering something else that is even worse. In the 12 days since this plane disappeared, 300 Americans have been killed by illegal aliens, 12 EVERY DAY by outright murder, another 13 by drunken illegal aliens driving on our roads EVERY DAY. Those are only the deaths illegal aliens cause, it doesn't count the endless rapes, child molestations, and the long list of other crimes.
wow - someone woke up on the wrong side of the rio grande this morning...
I know...what are we going to do about the white man. He has stolen everything from us. - native americans
And what are the stats on non-illegal whites, blacks, Hispanics, Asians, and others and their daily crimes? Because unless there is a higher than normal occurrence in illegals (not to mention you're neglecting Asian illegals which is #2 behind Hispanics) then you have absolutely no valid point of any kind with your obvious racist undertones.
It's time to face reality. The pilots hijacked the plane, it crashed in the ocean, and all the passengers are dead. It's just exactly like 9/11.
And guess whos grave they overflew in the process
@bud... Partner...what might the high jacker's gain in the death on innocent women and children. Besides that...had this been a "911" type of scenario some one would be screaming at the top of their lungs taking responsibility. Granted there are a great many theories. Many, many theories as what led to this mystery but for all intents and purposes the aircraft is missing. That's the bottom line, people...an aircraft is missing under mysterious circumstances. And until there is irrefutable proof as to just what has become of this aircraft it will remain a mystery I think we should just leave it at that.
Bud, you're getting more delusional all the time. Everyone at work's starting to whisper.
the only ones that are delusional are people named james who seem to be in denial about the people being dead. terrorists blow up bombs and kill innocent people all the time everywhere on earth and no one knows which faction they represent because they blew themselves to smithereens also (good!). so don’t you ever talk about me. don’t you open your mouth about the best or I’m gonna shut it for you real quick.
Not to diminish the hope of the suffering families but this is minute and should not be reported until it's actually confirmed. It appears that someone 'threw a bone' to divert emphasis on what truly happened. I don't believe that plane crashed in the ocean. Especially with NO sign of debris. I believe it was diverted and is on the ground in another country. I just pray that innocent survived and come home.
well, if it had gone over land, and that area is pretty mountainous, they'd have showed up on radar. not too many radar stations and mountains out in the indian ocean. i believe the damned pilot or co-pilot committed suicide. he set the autopilot, then drained the plane of oxygen, killing everyone on the plane including himself. then the plane flew out to sea till it ran out of gas, then crashed.
if they fly below 5000 feet, it wouldn't show on radar. I think too, that's it on a remote island somewhere...used as bait
It's kind of a Catch-22 situation for all involved. On the one hand, if they don't say anything the families (most importantly) and the public scream cover-up and demand information. On the other hand, if authorities divulge all leads and include the public in the investigation process, we end up chasing ghosts all over the place and there is no clarity or peace either. The good news is people all over the world seem to be focused on helping rather than harming each other.
the plane is not in the maldives or the bermuda triangle so ignore any articles claiming such. the air france 447 lost in the took 2 years to find wreckage and the amelia earhart plane took 76 to find in the Pacific Ocean. So for the record a plane has been lost in every ocean except the arctic
Sounds like the first episode of Lost...
At 03.35 GMT the Australian prime minister calls a press conference and announces this latest news and tells us that he has already advised his Malaysian counterpart. At 04.01 GMT Malaysia's civil aviation director says that he has heard nothing - "have they found something?", he asks. From the very beginning this debacle has been all about no communication, poor communication and selective communication. Cronyism at it's worst.
A third World country ruled by fourth World Chinese, Malays and Indians, what could go wrong?
Sounds like AOL tech support running the gig
Just curious - would submarines not work better in trying to find the plane. Presumably, the bulk of the fuselage and engines would have sunk to the bottom of the ocean.
Hey stupid, did you really think for 1 minute that they weren't out there looking?
I agree with the Canadian pilot's theory. He says when there is a fire onboard, it is common practice to shut down all those communication systems. The fact that the plane is tracked at turning back also supports this claim. The pilot's first instinct is to fly to the nearest and easiest runway to land as soon as possible. The trajectory of such a landing spot (Langkawi) directly lines up with the plane's last known location. Depending on the type of fire, the pilots could have become incapacitated since their oxygen systems only last a short time. With the plane on autopilot and the course set...it makes perfect sense that the plane would fly off into the south Indian Ocean before crashing from damage from the fire or lack of fuel.
then why not when given the opportunity to send out a distress signal, they sent out an"alright, goodnight"? and before they said "alright goodnight", it is said the plane was pre-programmed to head west, which further indicates nefarious behaviour otherwise if something was the problem they would of sent out some sort of distress signal or code.
I'm sure the NTSB will appreciate your input, Ms. Earhart.
Makes no sense... the first thing a pilot would do in the scenario you describe would be send out a MAYDAY.
Flappy bird was theost popular mobile game of the year. now look what happened.
You're the same Buffoon that voted for Obozo, no wonder why the world is in a mess.
1) By what 'facts' do you based your 'short time' oxygen systems opinion on? 2) What is a short time? Even if it only last 10 mins, that is more than enough time to declare an emergency, use a fire extinguisher and start an emergency descent to a lower altitude to be able to open the cockpit windows if needed. There are dozens of stories of fires in cockpit and the positive outcomes from the emergency. For 'facts' on how long aircraft oxygen systems last, go to online and google the answers.
Buffoon..how fitting..and you are the same "CLOWN" no pun intended.. that voted for the BOZO BUSH..sticking with the clown theme..JACKA(((((SSSS...OOOPS..got off theme.
I wish they would find the plane just for closure for all the family and friends. This is so heart breaking. My heart goes out to these families, not knowing what happened has got to be so very hard. So very sad.
The bloggers are so good about complaining and being paranoid then why didn't they find the plane maybe sooner.
'judge all muslims by a few terrorists acts' posts D below. A few? Do we have selective memory? Have we forgotten those 'few' terrorist acts over the past 20 years? How many have been killed by those wonderful harmless Muslims who strapped on a bomb and murdered thousands of innocent people on buses, in shopping centers, etc.? From what we can see/hear, Islam is a religion that wants to control the world. You are either with them-a Muslim, or you are against them-an infidel. There is NO in between for them. Our president wants us to believe that Islam is a 'peaceful' religion. Say WHAT?
The American liberal left is the best thing that ever happened to the Islamic terrorists. If they're not blaming America for "driving" the Islamists to spill innocent blood, they are blaming the US government for conspiracies that make it look like Islamists are doing the attacks. It's all George W. Bush and Halliburton, don't ya know!
Yeah, capitalism...the institution allowing ANYONE to rise from poverty or otherwise from humble beginnings and become successful in whatever they choose to do. Try that with Islam. Yeah, capitalism...who needs that?
Good stuff Buzzer. I love -- LOVE -- how you ignore the FACT Reagan trained the Mujaheddin, Bush Sr armed them, Eisenhower put the Shah in power, and America's corporate greed makes the Middle East dictators rich. All of which creates terrorists, separatists, revolutionaries... But yeah, it's the American liberal left because something something taxes. I bet you hate Obama for using drones and having troops in Afghanistan, too, all while you screech that he's soft on terrorism. You're cute. Cute little gagging Tea Bagger.
@Roy : You're spot on, my man. Anyone who is born Muslim is taught from birth to kill infidels and to spread Islam around the globe. If some choose Not to kill in the name of Allah, they are in the minority and without honor to their countrymen. Statistics show that the Average IQ of people in Arab nations falls in the category of what we classify as barely Educable Mentally #$%$ (to use an old term). Strap bombs on their backs and point them in the right direction, and they follow blindly, like lemmings. Unfortunately, our Muslim-in-Chief declared during his first term that we would Never raise arms against Islam, while they spread like a malignancy around the world.
It might also be the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald!
that was in the US Great Lakes
The US P8 is a pile of junk, we taxpayers got screwed. Its a mess with no end in sight.
They are such liars. The pilot belonged to an opposition political party in Malaysia. The leader of the party was thrown in jail under false charges of 'sodomy.' He crashed the plane in protest. Malaysia is covering this up.
It could take several days??? What if there are people still alive clinging to the flotsam for dear life?
After 13 days missing, not very probable.
Almost 2 weeks in freezing waters without water or food and probably severely injured? Don't really think so.
11 days without water??? likely not
Near the end of WW2 the cruiser U.S.S Indianapolis (which just dropped off parts for the Atomic Bomb "Little Boy") was sunk by a Japanese sub. 300 died on the ship but 900 survivors were in the water for 4 days before they were found. only 300 survived. I agree with Papa Ooma...Between exposure, dehydration, saltwater poisoning, and shark attacks while floating with few lifeboats and almost no food or water I am sorry to say that there will be NO survivors and that is IF its the crash site. There was a survivalist show where the star showed how to stay hydrated when stuck on the ocean for a little while. That involves taking salt water rectally. Basically a salt water enema. The intestinal lining absorbs the moisture without the salt. Definitely a last resort.
Doesn't make for good TV ratings for CNN if found too soon.
It would still take several days.
I always felt it was common sense to fly in a plane with a parachute as your back up plan in case there is something that goes haywire with the plane?
Hey, lets face it now folks. They are NEVER going to find any parts of this plane. Don't you realize it by now. There is more to this story then is being told.Stand by for more late development.
I'm telling you they have been abducted by aliens few debris here and there those pesky martians sure left a nibble of a clue.
Well i would put my life savings on this as a bet that they are freight containers. Secondly There is a conspiracey here for sure as simple facts are not being addressed and kind of hidden here. No1. Why would the jet turn LEFT as they say ? if it did why are they not using other aircract flight data to use that is another way of giving a track on this plane as they would also pick it up on their radar system. Something very strange going on here as No2. They saty that maybe a fire broke out and turned off the transponder..So why did the Captain not radio through as he would have been trained to do that they had a MAY DAY or Securitay. Securitay is a lower level of a May Day but to alert anything potensial problem. I say Hi Jacked and landed....reason to be used as a flying Bomb on Israil. why would 5 Iranian people want to board a flight with fake passports ???
Sorry, it was a freighter and a pod of dolphins.
So far only two Iranians used fake passports, but there is something that doesn't smell right!!!
I am with you. That plane was stolen/hijacked and will be used against Israel. All this puffery on the news is fake. Satellite can tell you what brand shoes I'm wearing. Why are we continuing to be told this was an accident?
A 70 foot freight container? I don't think so and as far as your question about turning left, how else can you turn to get into the Indian Ocean if you are travelling North? You are grasping at straws,.....
If the 70 ft chunk of debris turns out to be a fuel-empty aircraft wing from the missing plane all the trash theories about the craft being hijacked will be proven to be silly.
Christine, satellite imagery can NOT tell what brand shoes you are wearing or tell what book you're reading. That is pure Hollywood fairy tale. The best satellite imagery can say, yes, that is definitely a human being and not a camel.
Interesting thought. I sure feel for the families not knowing if their loved ones are alive or dead.
On a news report yesterday, they said that the Malaysian Airline company had 'already' started to pay the relatives off for some of the victims. Go figure?
It would be nice if, every once in a while, there was no news about anything because nothing was happening what so ever.
Nothing happened when you wrote your post.
MH370 this may be ironic but i was just setting and thought about the flight letters MH this is probably has no significance to the search but this is one of the largest aviation disasters since 911 which mint September 11 will look at MH which to me spells out (Man Hunt 370) i just thought this was vary strange. And look what is happening this has to be one of the largest man hunts to date looking for flight MH370. I hope they find them soon god bliss to all of the families that had family on board flight MH370.
we need to look 10 degrees past 360
I am pretty sure that everyone who has ever flown on a 777 has been on CNN as an "expert" guest. Amazing that they have filled 24/7 coverage with about 5 minutes of actual known facts. Responsible journalism and reporting at its best.
And Fox News is blaming Obama. Don't you miss Huntley and Brinkley, Cronkite etc.?
Fox News is so jealous that CNN is "educating" everyone with their expert guests and information. Too bad, Fox.
They are not blaming Obama. They knew he wasn't flying it. He was playing golf.
Sean Hannity had a 777 pilot on. He had some other pilots on too. Fox Report Weekend talked to one. Fox news Alert brought us 777 pilot Whitmore (Frank, I think; I forget exactly). So...your point?
Yes...Very sad for the families and missing passengers. Prayers to all of them. I'm glad to see some people are commenting rationally and questioning what's going on instead of just believing everything the mainstream media shoots out. Mainstream media is all propaganda and tells nothing but lies. CNN, BBC, Fox News...They are "magically making #$%$ up as the days pass. All controlled and told what to say to the people. Haven't we learned yet folks? This is why they control everything, because of our ignorance! We give them power. This story has been fishy from the start. Yeah..We have nothing else so let's blame the pilot... #$%$ttttttttt.... I've got friends that sent me alternative news articles late last week! That stated the plane landed in Diego Garcia south of Maldives and that the plane contain some "special cargo" thought to be a type of biological agent. And now 5-6 days later they are reporting Diego Garcia and how folks from Maldives so a "low flying" plane. Whether true or not, it makes more sense than anything they are reporting. Gimme a break! Also that the two Navy Seals on board died of heart attacks due to heroin...#$%$??? The United States Military monitors EVERYTHING! And a plane just dis-a#$%$-peared???...vanished into thin air right??? And no one can find it...Ha! This is about as bad as building 7 going down of its own free will! Geez Louise... BLESSINGS AND PRAYERS TO THE MISSING PASSENGERS AND THEIR FAMILIES.....TRULY
I think this will go down as one of the strangest plane disappearances of all time. The endless conspiracy theories and false hopes surrounding this case will only continue as they days go on. I just feel terrible for the families who have to deal with it
And you'll go down on Obozo's Salami, you Liberal Buffoon.
Possible remains of Jimmy Hoffa found off the coast of Australia..... Let us know when you have something REAL. What is with the entertainment/gossip media these days? I remember when they used to actually research, investigate and verify information before reporting it as “news”.
To the 1 ID10T who thumbed me down. I'll bet you're still BITTER that Captains Sum Ting Wong, Wat da #$%$, and Bang Ding Aw weren't better pilots? MO RON!
A thought occurred to me that would be easy to do regarding future God forbid disasters of this type. Put fluoroscine and another dye that fluoresces in the IR, into the fuel, oil, hydraulic fluids, and the toilet holds. F glows bright green in sunlight and UV, the other fluoresces at longer wavelength light. Both dyes would release an extensive bloom particularly if packages were attached externally. Rhodium B I think is the other. Both chemicals are environmentally safe, though, that's not a worry here.
Maybe they just think that there are already too many glow in the dark chemicals in our oceans already from Fukushima, Chernobyl, 3-Mile Island, etc . . ??? Stay tuned during this intermission.
This is one of the best suggestions yet to emerge in the wake of this mystery. Another one I read is about the transponder: there should be an automatic alert to air traffic control the second anyone turns off the transponder.
Why incur the cost? A typical reply. We've had one instance like this in literally millions of flights. So, you think it wise to incur what is going to be substantial costs to prevent - literally - a one in a million accident from occurring again? Run for congress - these are the types of economic models that get a country $16 trillion in debt.
Henry, not to mention the added weight. Plus, a lot of research would be required before putting any substance in fuel as no one knows the long term effects of such an additive. Seriously, it would be pathetic to put an additive in the fuel for the one in a million (near literally) sea-borne crash, and have that same additive responsible for fouling a jet engine and causing a crash
Interesting idea but not practical in reality.
I promise this wasn't an alien abduction!
It's sad how the media portrays Muslims... What people don't understand is that we do not know what happened or if there was any foul play. People need to wait until all the facts are out there.
ummm...I knew that...apparently it is you who did not know that I knew that
Muslims have built up a reputation. I't be the first thing to logically look at. How many Canadians have blown up/hi jacked planes in the last 10 years.
@randy, what about skylar Murphy who took the pipe bomb onto the plane,@gp, the comment is meant to people who think that.
Condolences to the families. Explanation............... The airplane was tasked, with pilot's cooperation, to fly to Diego Garcia to carry or investigate "a cargo" that could have been germ or poison related. CDC and Chinese germ scientists are said to have arrived there soon after. In order to get a solid cover story in place, some diversion of search was encouraged. The story, now, will be that the airplane got lost due to failed or turned off navigation and just flew the wrong way until it ran out of fuel and crashed into the southern Indian Ocean, drifting down into the deep trench there. Australia, being credible, has the job of collecting faked plane parts and the whole story will slowly dissipate as "another lost plane." The real story is likely now on Diego Garcia. Remember American Mr. Woods who left his ring and watch to his sons before he boarded the airplane; the only American on board? Always doubt what you hear and read; including this message, of course.
Let's be honest here. The Muslim pilot committed an act of terrorism by killing all the passengers and himself. Suicide??? No not quite. Just don't let the truth get out. Let's call it an accident.
I feel for the families involved. Each day new speculation based on very thin evidence has to be unbelievably difficult to absorb. I hope that something tangible is uncovered soon so the people involved find closure and can adjust to what truly occurred.
You people talk endlessly about the global real-time satellite coverage of the entire earth (Hollywood fantasy) - do you not think that every single airfield in range capable of landing a 777 has been imaged every single day looking for this plane? Don't you realize how obvious that plane would be parked on some remote island? Go on Google Maps and look at imagery of your local big airport - a 777 is enormous - 10,000 square feet in surface area when seen from above, over 230 feet long and 200 feet wingtip-to-wingtip. Even covered with vegetation it's going to stand out. Imagine the size of hanger you would need to park it in. This is not a subtle target. And the theory that it was "disassembled" is laughable beyond extremes - a handful of terrorists took apart a jumbo jet and hid the pieces in one night? With the equipment available at an abandoned airfield on a tropical island? Priceless. Hollywood should be hiring you looneys as screenwriters. This is the problem with religion - it sets people up to believe even the most illogical fairy tale nonsense.
I 100% agree with you except for the part about religion. I am not a particularly religious person, but I don't see what it has to do with all the conspiracy theories floating around. Nuts are nuts, whether they're religious or not.
The way I see it after all this time, they put something out there and took a picture of it not look stupid for losing a plain and to calm the family members. With all the satellites in space you would think one caught something.I thought you could track cell phones? Witnesses hushed by law enforcement . Nope, not buying any of it. My heart goes out to the family for having to suffer through all of the BS media ,they should have a gag order put on media until found .
Hey stupid, don't forget to pray for those of us who didn't vote for Obozo, but have to live another 3 years with this CLOWN. And "PLAIN".....is spelled "PLANE".......you Idiot.
Obozo, you have no place calling anyone an idiot, you are one of the dumbest people on the planet,
It must be so difficult to be so thoroughly stupid. You don't understand anything about this, yet are CERTAIN you're more expert than professional analysts. You blame the media for lying, you blame law enforcement for conspiracies, you invented evidence, and you blame "them" for "putting something out there and took a picture of it." You called "them" "stupid" for losing a "plain." Think about that sentence, hun.
For those of you blaming Muslims for this disappearance, MUSLIMS are people who are under a religion. Christianity, Judaism, Buddhism, etc. are all religions. Every religion has people who have killed other people, so can I blame Buddhists, Christians, and Jews? No, right? So why are you blaming ALL Muslims? Anything that happens in this world negatively, the media brings Muslims into it no matter what, it's a fact and this has been happening ever since 9/11. Why don't you people who blame an entire religion educate yourselves and learn to accept the fact that not all Muslims are evil? You say they are sent from hell by the devil to wreak havoc among everyone on earth; why would they praise god and believe in him if they are sent from the devil? And those of you who think that Allah is some weird being that only Muslims believe in, Allah means God in Arabic. I'm not saying this to all of you, only the ones that are blaming an ENTIRE group for something they have not done. Please educate yourself on something you talk abut before you do talk about it.
Those Muslims who aren't terrorists support or cheer on those who are. That's your difference. Christian wackos are wackos. Muslim wackos are mainstream.
People in other religions don't have places of worship that are devoted to enticing the church members into jihad and holy war and suicide bombing etc. Other religions don't offer rewards for the death of people the church doesn't like, like the muslim churches do. Like when a cartoonist drew a picture of Mohamed or whoever or the guy who wrote a book about him and they are still having to live in hiding and protective custody because the muslim religion placed a bounty on their heads for them to be killed by the muslim people. That's the difference between decent religions like Christianity or Judaism or Catholicism and the scummy lowlife back stabbing hate preaching religion called muslims or what the heck ever they are. The fact is , most muslims are blood thirsty lowlifes who cannot be trusted. That's the way most of the world sees them, and if you don't like it then you need to work to fix it, because what you muslims have been doing is not working. You say you're peaceful while most of the hate and killing and terrorism in the world is committed by muslims in the name of allah. Your words don't match your deeds.
This is a diversionary tactic from the evil forces to make it appear as an accident.
Except that it doesn't appear to be an accident.
WOW !!! I can look at my house on google earth which is not as long as that piece (89 feet) and I can see details like the chimney, the deck and a small shed, the car in the driveway. Why does that image look like it was taken from a mile high? I'm pretty sure the satellites used by the Govt. are better than google earth.
Is your house under 200 ft of water? Duh!!
Next time you look at your house zoom out and see what your house looks like. The raw satellite data needed to scan an entire ocean will show what your house actually looks like before the picture is enhanced.
I can't imagine the anguish these families are going through- and hope I never will. The fact so many comments here express empathy for them, as well as the huge international effort to do whatever is necessary to get answers, for the moment, restores my faith in humanity.
We can't find Amelia Eahart or Jimmy Hoffa or MH370 with 239 people aboard it. I just heard the Prime Time Eveing news say that MH370 flight is officially the longest missing flight in history. Well that's new to Amelia Earhart huh? Frkin news weirdos, how do they keep their jobs?
A pilot recently gave his two cents, and if this turns out to be the plane, then he was correct. The most likely reason from his expertise was the wheel could've caught fire, causing the pilots to shut off the circuits thereby axing the transponder, they would've then went South West to the nearest most safe airport for return, went up in elevation to 45,000 ft to try to smother the fire with low oxygen, stalled, then climbed again....with the ending being the plane intact/not engulfed by the flames, but everyone dead/unconcious from asphixation- 6 hours of fuel on autopilot would put the plane crashed in the very Souther Indian Ocean. Sounds plausible to me, and give those pilots the benedit of the doubt that they died doing their job.
yet I've heard they were having a goodnight by saying "alright, good-night"
How does a wheel, not in use, up in the sky, catch on fire out of nowhere?
Possible but the pilots would have had an oxygen supply of at least a couple of hours and the emergency oxygen masks for the passengers would have lasted a think about 30 minutes. So they would have had to climb and stay there.
I'm sorry but reasonable explanations do not belong on the Internet. Only paranoid delusional ravings and conspiracy theories are allowed.
Until we have more evidence that pilots opinion is worth 2 cents only. Your opinion is worth less since you didn't add anything to the conversation. Idiots one and all.
http://www.wired.com/autopia/2014/03/mh370-electrical-fire/ Here is the original article, which answers everyones questions above- the wheel, the oxygen, etc. I am not a pilot so I probably paraphrased it poorly. @Ramora, it seems to me your opinion is worth the least of all, but I won't feed the troll. Anyone who would rather feed into the media hype than look for the most elegant, scientific, simple answer, is the true idiot. There is no more evidence for a suicide, terrorist attack, then *gasp* an actual mechanical failure.
First it was off the eastern shore of Vietnam then it was off the southern shore of Vietnam Then it was in the middle of the gulf between Malaysia and Vietnam Then it was in the middle of the gulf between Malaysia and Vietnam but it had turned towards Malaysia Then it crossed Malaysia and crashed in the western side Then it crossed Malaysia and did navigational turns matching known waypoints and headed North West. Then it was sighted off the southern tip of the Maldives Island chain Then satelites confirmed it went as far as India to the North West. Then it went all the way to Australia 5000 miles in the opposite direction NOW it crashed 1700 miles off the coast of Australia. Looking at the picture of the "supposed" object looking just like the other white caps this will be a dead end Either they are deliberately misleading the world or this is the BIGGEST group of morons EVER! A search lead by autistic versions of Moe Larry and Curley.
"Looking at the picture of the "supposed" object looking just like the other white caps" You need glasses.
Why are you getting a thumbs down for stating the truth. Bunch of trolls here.
Fat Poppa just mad cause his bf was on it...HAHAHAHA!
William C., nothing more IGNORANT than your derogatory comment about "autistics". Go get an EDUCATION....
There were no calls made from passengers cell phones, no may day call from pilots, and the pilots turned off the tracking devices (shouldn't they be blocked from doing that?). So while one argument could be made that the pilots and passengers were overcome by carbon monoxide, why would the pilots turn off the transponders or how could they if they were passed out?
To make a cell phone call you have to be within range of a cell tower. If you are over the ocean at cruising altitude, your cell phone does not work.
What if the objects are really parts of the missing flight? Good news or bad news for the relatives?
This object is 1000's of miles away from their flight path? Could it have really floated that far?
Do some math. A 5mph current would carry an object 1200 miles in 10 days. Add in any wind and yeah it might. If you know the point of impact the debris field will be cone shaped from there and the futher out the wider it gets. Hopefully this is part of the plane and they can go back from there to find the rest of it.
1200 miles from the point of impact....assuming a 5mph current and no wind....and 10 days 5 Miles per hour times 240 hours New math.....
no one knows where the plane was....they "think" it "might" have been at x location Fool.
Sum needs to get a life......you can quit stalking me now, I get it, you are posting from work stealing time from your employer and have no life at all.....
An elaborate ruse. The plane is in Pakistan.
Not to worry people, even if the gov't is spying on you, they probably won't be able to find you!
Hope it is it so they stop the 24 hour news coverage of this.
the plane is not in the maldives or the bermuda triangle so ignore any articles claiming such. the air france 447 lost in the c took 2 years to find wrecka and the amelia earhart plane took 76 to find in the Pacific Ocean. So for the record a plane has been lost in every ocean except the arctic
The best theory I've heard so far involved a fire on board and diverting the plane to the closest airfield that could handle the plane but they were overcome by smoke/fumes and the plane just kept going... It explains EVERYTHING we know about the plane so far and it came from a long time pilot, not some "expert" in aviation. Google it, veteran pilot malaysia, and read it...
Why wouldn't the pilots call for a mayday?
Yes i agree this would help explain alot. The only question i have is wouldnt the nearest airport be the one they just took off from? If they turned back to find a safe place to land how did they end up so far away from that airport? Also if they turned off circuits due to an electeical fire, would that also turn off their ability to call for help? Other planes have had a fire in the plane and still been able to let ground control know. Please help me understand your scenario better but i do beleive its the most practicle and plausible.
I used to work on planes and yes, if you cut the mains you lose your ability to call for help. A fire on an airplane is a HUGE deal and you get on the ground immediately. I'm guessing the pilot turned to the closest airfield and the co-pilot cut the power mains. Once you've established control and you've got the plane on course they could try to bring the systems up one at a time (that way you can try to isolate the system causing the fire if it's an electrical fire) but what if they were quickly overcome by smoke and fumes from the fire? Enough time to turn the plane but you pass out and the plane flies until it runs out of gas... To me it fits the evidence, and the Canadian pilot actually named another case where the same scenario happened (Think it was Swissair back in 88). @Pam: on a plane with a fire you IMMEDIATELY cut all power to EVERYTHING except emergency which is I believe flight controls. They can then start resetting the circuit breakers one at a time to try and isolate the system(s) causing the fire... Or even worse, a fire IN the c/b panels which cuts power to 99% of the systems
But that doesn't explain why the tracking devices and transponders were manually turned off.
Who says they were manually turned off? Cutting the power to all systems would cut the transponders, radio, and tracking devices. The engines would still be supplying power to the engines and their systems and that would explain the engines sending out their data to the satellites. They're saying those systems don't turn themselves off, but if you cut power you still turn those off.
Everyone has reported they were manually turned off. On Sunday, Malaysia’s defense minister added a critical detail about investigators’ understanding of what had transpired in the cockpit in the 40 minutes of flight time before ground controllers lost contact with the jet. The determination that the last verbal message to the control tower — “All right, good night” — came after a crucial signaling system had stopped transmitting, perhaps after being shut off, was likely to refocus scrutiny on the plane’s veteran pilot, Capt. Zaharie Ahmad Shah, 53, and his young first officer, Fariq Abdul Hamid, 27.
This is the same Malaysian defense minister that denied that they tracked the plane back across the country? The same defense minister that said that files were "recently" deleted from the pilot's computer when the date was Feb 3, a MONTH before the flight disappeared and THAT is considered recent??? I actually worked on airplanes for 8+ years and just so you understand how it works, think of the transponder like your wi-fi at home pinging out over and over again your wi-fi ID name. If I was to go in and turn off your router would you be able to tell if someone turned it off, unplugged it, or cut power to your house? No, you would not be able to tell. Go check out the pilot's story. You just google veteran pilot malaysia and it's the 2nd or 3rd story. I would much rather accept a theory from a pilot who has been there then from a beauracrat who has spent his life behind a desk.
Michael--Are all the news agencies not reporting they were manually switched off? That's all I said.
Yes, semantics like that will magically bring the plane back. What you said was: "But that doesn't explain why the tracking devices and transponders were manually turned off." And I explained why that is incorrect. I don't care what the prime minister or Malaysian government says, I worked on planes for years and explained to you how they work...
So no matter what anyone else says your right and they are wrong? Got it. Have a good one.
*you're looks like I'm right again!
Good job! Glad you learned the difference! Also, did you see the new story that Malaysia is spinning? That the transponder wasn't "turned off" but was disabled. Like I was saying, they have no way of knowing WHY it stopped sending signals just that it did. By saying "turned off" they were implying it was the pilot or hijackers so they were already lining up to blame someone...
Glad your still a smart a@@ know it all. Maybe they will never find that plane and you can be right for all of eternity.
So we have satellites that can pick up car-sized objects in the middle of an ocean, and tell you what color hat you're wearing, but they can't see a full-scale aircraft flying for 5 hours a couple hundred feet off the ground and tell us what happened to it? Fascinating.
Satellites must be targeted. There was no reason to target this area until after the plane disappeared. And the tighter you zoom in the less area you cover. Kind of simple actually.....
So what are the chances of sneaking a few puffs in an airline bathroom? Probably escorted in by fighter jets and Homeland Security with a SWAT team meeting you as soon as the plane lands?
I will say the debris is close to where I believe the diverted flight plan was. I still contend the time the fumbling Malaysian authorities spent trying to figure out what happen gave the hijackers time to fly and land this aircraft somewhere in Indonesia. The best way to elude someone is to fly beyond radar ranges and then double back on your original course. The aircraft is south to southeast of where it originally took off from.
Whichever way you go it really does get deep.
Go back to sleep you Idiot.
Why don't they confirm their findings before they release the information of their findings, getting the hopes of all the families and loved ones up and down, it's ridiculous and it's becoming a circus for news releases. I'm certain, we all want to know the results of the Malaysian airline debacle, but wait until the information is verified to prevent people from being tormented any more than they have been.
Malaysia has changed their story 15 times (might be 16 now). Something is very strange with that to begin with ! Also - they REFUSED our (the usa) request to send in more ships. But now, they need (they requested it) deep ocean survey equipment. Go figure.
Because they would rather say anything than say they don't know.
People DEMAND to know everything the searchers know !!!
I agree. The Chinese photos posted earlier were not of the wreckage.
Telling the lamestream media to get their facts straight is like trying to nail a custard pie to the wall.
This plane is not in the ocean because they would of already found it. It's landed somewhere unsafely safe
Do you even know how big the ocean is?
In that case they should be able to find it anywhere in the world.
And they say the movie Noah is going to top all this drama when you see all the cartoon animals enter the kumbiya Arc together for 40 days and 40 nights. How did all those animals survive? If god can save some animals for that long then you know the Jet can still be found with everyone alive! Hip Hip Hooray!
The Blunt Ugly Truth 1 month ago Yahoo clowns make me wonder if the bill of rights should be altered and include a free speech amendment for online trollers.
The Blunt Ugly Truth 1 month ago I am in my 20's and love girls who wear pantyhose with their skirts. It completes their outfit and their legs look sexy!
Wasn't it enlightening how the malaysians misled the investigation for days. When the contradictory statements began piling up I opined that this is expected behavior from asians when answers to questions could prove embarrassing. My loyal following promptly began the usual allegations of racism etc. But now it is pretty clear that those clowns were lying like an oriental rug--and probably still are.
I think the Malaysians did a pretty good job correcting all of the speculative "journalists". BTW, Do you really spell your name that way?
Ya think? Their lies prevented a search from being made in the right direction for 4 days at least. And none of your damned business how my name is spelled, nor is that in any way relevant and usually bought up by idiots with nothing relevant to say. You qualify?
I have my own theory, and not so wild, this was a test hijacking but not in the traditional sense. Since planes now offer Wi-Fi this was done remotely, a passenger hacked it, took control then all heck went haywire.
wifi? So someone played really bad movies until they decided to kill themselves?
Yes, that theory would be yours alone.
If you want to go to heaven with 72 virgins waiting.
This is from a FAA report sent out on 11/18/13. Title is.. "Special Conditions: Boeing Model 777-200, -300, and -300ER Series Airplanes; Aircraft Electronic System Security Protection From Unauthorized Internal Access" "This proposed data network and design integration may result in security vulnerabilities from intentional or unintentional corruption of data and systems critical to the safety and maintenance of the airplane. The existing regulations and guidance material did not anticipate this type of system architecture or electronic access to aircraft systems. Furthermore, regulations and current system safety assessment policy and techniques do not address potential security vulnerabilities, which could be caused by unauthorized access to aircraft data buses and servers." It is a plausible theory...just like that King Dingus the Lesser is a fool.
Now that the wreckage has been found, it's time for CNN to come up with a story making the Muslim pilots look like heros. Maybe a fire and ghost plane or something like that.
@William C, kuddos for finding this, we have solved the mystery.
If they can't find it anywhere else that wing floating in the water, which was empty BTW, is probably it.
No, that's the wing. It broke off when it went in the drink at high speed.
I told you they went to Gilligan's Island.
The parts are placed the dead are now dropped and the cargo is taken. All as planned. Planes on route but not yet a single signal from the black boxes. The boxes are not going to be found and if they are it will be with no useable evidence. The U.S has again made a plane disappear and then doctored the evidence to present to the public to follow a storyline. The shame is all this will come out twenty or thirty years from now because the people will accept the lame excuse the news will be told to give them. The U.S, UK and others all know the strategic importance of this area due to maneuvering and shipping Routes it is also the most watched above and below the water. if anything was flying or in the water The military knew it. The timeline also give the correct time it would of taken to send a flotilla with the needed pieces to make it look like a plane had gone into the water in this area and return to Diego Garcia undetected.
Oh yes, blame the U.S. again instead of investigating the legitimate cause. You're an idiot!
Article says Australian officials said the objects were spotted by satellite four days ago. Yet the plane has been missing 12 days. Why weren't satelllites in every country viewed from Day 1?
I'm leaning on one of the bigger debris that got washed off there from Japan due to that tsunami tragedy.
Pray tell what ocean currents brought that debris down from the North Pacific to the South Indian?
All the Japanese tsunami debris drifted past Hawaii toward the west coast of N. America...
If the plane diverted intentionally then flew for hours more, then it's reasonable to assume that if they intended to destroy the plane they wouldn't have flown those extra hours and they likely landed at some remote location.
Not if the suicidal pilot wanted to spend his last hours doing something he loved before ultimately running out of fuel.
The plane was hijacked so a government had to shoot it down because it was going to be used as a weapon but the government is afraid to admit at this time.
i can only say my condolences to the families. may these people rest in peace
What kind of insensitive puketards thumbs down RIP?
It would have made no sense for this plane to have been flown in a southerly direction over nothing but ocean.
The debris drifted, it's been 12 days.
It does if you don't want to be detected and want to die.
Before this story was approved, the lead was deemed not credible. Much too far off course.
If in fact it was suicide the plane may of been ditched in a remote area for the express purpose of never being found so life insurance proceeds would be paid to the survivors of the crew.
Refusing to believe in the irrational is why 9/11 happened in the first place. It is entirely possible that the pilot turned off the transponder, flew 1000+ miles undetected and ditched the plane in an attempt to never be found. That leaves the entire world in suspense. The unfulfilled desire for closure causes more pain than the loss of a loved one.
I bet the plane is in the middle east being re outfitted. The pilots were paid off and the us military has it under observation if the navy seals aren't already on the ground. What a great way to deceive the public and the bad guys, clever but I think the us military is buying time and surprise. It makes 0 sense that a plane just flew out into the middle of the ocean. If they say it's the plane, it's still not the plane. They will cover it all up just like they do with everything else.
Exactly! Someone (s) knows what's going on about this business. Big Brother, does not give a #$%$ what the world ( us ) thinks what's happened here. We all will know when their ready to tell us.
To USA; you 'also' have been watching to many ScyFy shows. And to T O(good assumption). And to Dalton; 'If' Big Brother does 'Not' want us to know,,We probably 'never' will. I've been in this world a 'lot' longer than you have(and I know). Thank You
I believe it was Aliens that updated the entire plane. Not sure what planet they could be from.
In other NEWS for Today: Meanwhile the Sieve of a Southern Border of the US continues to be breached by Alien Troops with Weapons provided by the 0bango Administration Arms Dealer Eric Holder. Up to the entire equivalent of the Ukraine Population have already infiltrated and more arrive daily. So far the Administrations only comment and I quote: "YOU RACIST'S". In more important news for today: It has been widely reported that Lindsay Lohan had her teeth cleaned and Justin Bieber woke up ten minutes earlier than usual......Film at 11:00
ohhh someones off their meds again
ENDTIME has it 100% right, so, Dave take your meds and brush up on your Spanish
After all this time that has past, I will not believe anything they write or tell about this plane, When they show some bodies then I will believe it!
If a satellite can pick a face out of a Times Square crowd, how bad are the optics on this satellite?
Why?.....they can't pick up your brain within 3 feet.
"If a satellite can pick a face out of a Times Square crowd" Go one day without watching a movie please.
No piece of the 777 is that big and would still be afloat. Just another false alarm. Large pieces of abandoned flotsam are scattered all over the oceans. Unbelievable but true, people are pigs at sea same as on land.
Because I don't believe it, stupid. Learn to read recently?
"Unbelievable but true," ... Yes, believe it or not, people are pigs at sea same as on land. Of course David doesn't believe it. If you want to see a picture of David just google "Pig on the Internet" What an #$%$.
We have satellites that can do facial recognition of terrorists or read a license plate of a suspect vehicle, but this is the best we can do? I hate to say it but the conspiracy nut jobs are starting to make sense. Ockhams razor, if you know what I mean.
Only in TV Shows... The US (norr any other country) has the tech to actually do Face Recognition or read license plates from Satellites.
Military spy satellites aren't constantly examining every inch of vast stretches of empty ocean.
Us submarines should be able to locate the black box if it's still sending a signal you would be amazed what they can detect the way sound travels through water.
Watching the media coverage, I'm starting to realize this is being carefully managed by the governments involved. Too many things don't make sense. They must be covering up something and constructing a story for the unwashed masses.
That many countries involved in a cover up? I must admit this is the strangest air search ever conducted. Has this many countries ever got together to search for one downed airplane?
1st theory should be- mechanical malfunction. Non political and simplest most likely explanation. All other theories should not have been put forth in a circus like manner. Instead, report as real facts come in. Too much to ask I know!
I say, what man can not do, call on the one who will give you answers. No one have called for a nationwide prayer. God is able to do more and exceedingly above what we could ever want or ask for. Jesus is on the main line, how about we call him up? Where two or more are gathered, God said, he will be in the mist and people shall see miracles. Don't ever doubt something you have never TRIED and don't bad mouth God because you are going to wish you hadn't!
Why would god let the plane crash in the first place?
instead of calling on 'God to fix this, lets ask him why he let it happen in the first place?
Gods actually a pretty righteous dude, God's followers, not so much.
But what if this was God's will for some reason? Would prayer help then?
Might as well just call Santa and the Easter Bunny also.
@Nicholas, emkay and Apathy1, God allows things to happen for a number of reasons, just to name some: 1) To see if people will betray him in times such as this 2) To drawer people closer to him in times such as this 3) To punish the unbelievers 4) To see if people have faith and will use it 5) To turn people away from sins 6) To make good on his promise, some will be gone with a blink of an eye and some will be left behind. When, where and how he does it is his business. These are the most important ones I can think of right off hand. But if you really want to know why God allows things to happen, go read the KJV Bible and it will tell you all. But i'm sure he will give the believers in him, closure at some point in time. I am a Child of the King, and if it was my loves ones that is missing in action...no comment. This is to deep to even give a respond! However, I know Satan is alive and on the move. Any time a child kills their own parents, it is not they, but Lucifer is behind the scenes. If mom and dad rejects God's FREE GIFT, then their children will also, which makes Satan's mission more easy to carry out. It's a lot of Satan's children, going to and fro devouring all they can. I wouldn't be caught dead in this world without God's ticket to a CAREFREE Eternal life. Death have no power and anyone harms anyone of God's children, GREAT is their REWARD in Heaven. God Jesus? This is why you should!
@Richard Blaine, Santa and the Easter Bunny can only deliver unto you words, and they too are evil. So you call on Santa and the Easter Bunny when you face hardship, ok? I will call on the one who is the reason I am here...just passing through. God bring these people some good news or ...whatever he can do to console them!
Forgive me Lord, edit.. Got Jesus?
I know it must be a hard time for family members of flight 370, but I fail to see why the tears are aimed at finding the plane. It went down somewhere over water, and what is the difference where over the water?
I'm sorry but way too much time is being spent on this article. Can we watch CNN use legos to demonstrate flight patterns of the plane again?? What about current events in our own country? Like, for instance, Attorney General Kane, PA., letting 5 corrupt politicians off, stating she didn't have enough evidence. She did know that they were 5 democrats, like herself, caught on VIDEO taking cash. She is dumb and they are dumber!!!!!!!!!!
It makes no sense, that if they wanted to crash the plane, that they would take 6 hours to do so, I think this plane is intact somewhere, We will find it, and solve this mystery.
This would be the second best possible news for those families, for it would mean closure. But it would be the worst possible news fro CNN, who, as long as there is only speculation, could turn this search into an unending reality TV series. Today blacks holes. Yeterday aliens. Tomorrow, they may see the outline of Lucifer in the wave patterns.
FOX News will milk this and point fingers all of 2014
I doubt anything is floating out in the ocean, thing probably sunk like a rock.
Yeah 42,000 sq ft of foam insualtion just sinks.
I remember reading someone's blog that said that they think there was an electrical fire on the plane and that the pilot did the sharp turn to try to land at the nearest safe harbor airport.
Saw that too...Made some pretty logical sense, but had some holes. Then again ALL the theories have holes so far...so who knows.
The media sells it, and you play the fool.
It is probably just that Mexican fisherman lost at sea again.
While theories abound as to the fate of flight 370, I for one, would like to hear Steven King's theory. My sincere condolences to the families of the passengers.
Agree with the disorientation/lack of oxygen theory just mentioned. It is reminiscent of the Payne Stewart Lear Jet incident of 5 or so years ago. Loss of cabin pressure, all aboard were unresponsive, and the plane finally ran out of fuel and crashed.
Hard to believe but the Stewart crash was almost 15 years ago
Loss of cabin pressurization would not cause the transponder nor the ACARS systems to shut down, nor would it cause the plane to deviate from its originally input course. If you want a really good example of what happens when there is no cabin pressurization and the crew/passengers succumb to hypoxia, look up Helios Flight 522 (from 2005). In that case, due to a maintenance error, the cabin never pressurized when the plane was flying to Athens; even after the cockpit crew succumbed to hypoxia, the plane continued to fly on autopilot on its input course to Athens...where it then went into a long holding pattern on autopilot, which it continued flying until it ran out of fuel and crashed.
They are still trying to sell the idea that it was an accident? That far off course? What do they take us for?
Where do they say this is known to be an accident?
I hope they find this plane on the ground and all passengers safe. Wouldn't be surprised to learn the plane is being stripped and repainted to look like someone's cargo plane, a tactic used in past wars by enemy nations.
And continued prayers for the families...
If this object is 80 ft long how could it be a shipping container when they are only 53 ft long?
Did I read the story wrong? I thought they said it could be one of the wings or am I crazy? LOL
Yes they did, but reports are everywhere that the Indian ocean is full of shipping containers and many believe that's what they see on the satellite image.
Ever see one of those WW2 submarine movies where they ejected trash out of the torpedo tubes to fool the enemy into thinking they sunk? They really did do that in real life. Airplane full of passengers being flown by Muslims at low altitudes. Toss some stuff out on the ocean. Go land in Pakistan or Iran. Fill said plane full of nukes. Go fly in to a free country(Israel) and BOOM! One week later make demands on Al Jazeera while chopping the heads off of passengers. Could happen.
You should be on KNN, #$%$ News Network.
fly into US is more likely , At least thats what I think ....
Ever see a movie in which they threw eighty-foot-long pieces of debris out of an airplane to fool search parties into thinking it has crashed into the sea ? Smokes has.
You wouldn't be living by stereotypes now would you Smokes? Let me guess, every Muslim just must be a terrorist, right? No such thing as fanaticals I suppose. If you truly know the religion, you'd understand this. Just as their are fanatical Christians, there are fanaticals of any religion who spin it to fit their sick needs. This doesn't mean that just because you're Muslim, you're a terrorist. If this were the case, a lot of people would be "terrorists" considering the acts of people here in America like Timothy McVeigh, the Unibomber, etc.
Yes, Banyon, Smokes is a know-nothing, and not all Muslims are terrorists, and many horrible things have been done in the name of Christianity. All true. But, right now, there's no denying who are the most dangerous people in the world today...
Never heard of fanatical Christians flying an airplane into a building and killing over 3,000 people,Rosie O'Banyon. Have you? Never heard of a fanatical Christian walking on to a bus full of Muslims with Dynamite strapped to himself.Have you? Ted Kaczynski was brainwashed from an early age and a Green Anarchist, Anarchist are Atheist.Tim McVeigh was just an FBI stooge. Did Churches hand out candy to children and celebrate in the streets after Kaczynski's and McVeigh's attacks? No. But Mosques did after 9/11 and Benghazi.
Hey, Smoker, Banyon is off on this one, but he never said McVeigh and the Unibomber were Christian terrorists. And you blaming the FBI for Okla City shows that you're even less capable of independent thought than Banyon is.
While the rest of the world uses it's resources and satellites to look for a missing plane, Russia makes it's move under less surveillance. This is not a coincidence.
Here's another theory: Not just human hijacking or mechanical/electronic failure, but both. (1) Terrorist gets into cabin, kills pilot, (2) forces co-pilot to turn off ACARS and change course, wrecks comunication gear, (3) flies to 43K and de-pressurize cabin to kill passengers, (4) struggle in the cabin, co-pilot killed, (5) No one left to fly the plane, no means of communication, (6) long level flight into oblivion...
Plane is gone. Alien tractor beam was attached and sucked it right out of the atmosphere
Concerning the flight simulator, an official is quoted as saying, "He played a lot of games, going into hundreds and thousands of hours." Surely he simply means that they need to sift through that much data to find the log ins and simulations for this particular pilot, and not that this pilot was still spending that much time in a flight simulator. Do already established pilots spend thousands of hours in simulators? And do simulators keep track of that much data from way back to when this pilot may have been in training on this particular jet? Just curious...
this was the pilots own flight simulator that he had at his house.
Why would a pilot already certified on this type of aircraft build a simulator of it for his private use in the first place?
The newest theory: The mermaids were ready to show atlantis to landlovers so they routed the first plane and now the world knows where atlantis is! Hooray!
He was also an aging pilot. It doesn't hurt to stay sharp. There are plenty of professions that have ongoing training available.
And for people who love to fly. It's a lot of fun. I used to have one when I was flying more. And if you've built your own sim, you want to keep testing it. See what it can do. Do you have this program right, that thing right. Adjusting, fixing, it's all part of the fun.
One reason you would delete data is to keep your computer running efficiently. Anybody who has ever played a good video game knows what a frozen computer cant do. For a serious "gamer" the whole idea of a terrorist/simulator seems silly. The guy was a frickin pilot.
I'm no pilot.. and I know little about computer simulation systems. So I asked a clarifying question or two, hoping to get some feedback. I certainly got a couple really good answers (thanks IslandMeg and Mustachio), but I also got lots of down votes and trolls. Oh well...
I've worked with countries like this one. Here is what will probably happen... if they don't find the plane soon then they will toss a piece of another plane over the side of one of their boats and claim they found the wreckage. The will claim the rest of the wreckage is too deep or that the currents have spread it out too far to be found. They will then call consider the matter closed. Of course, later that piece will be determined to most likely not belong to the plane in question. They will deny it and insist there is nothing else that can be done. If the real plane ever does surface then they will just play innocent. I mean, what are the odds of finding a piece from a 2nd plane out there? How could they not come to the conclusion they did? Bottom line, keeping their citizens calm is the number one priority.
Btw, the second priority is not letting those citizens think there is anything their government can't solve. Upset citizens that don't have confidence in their government... they just aren't set up for that.
Ya, ok. BTW, how's Darrell and Darrell?
very busy day dreaming I suspect...
How about writing an article when you are sure you found something. All this reporting on speculation is getting old!
Imagine if you were dumb enough to run to the articles to read them. How foolish you'd come off. Good thing you don't show your ignorance by commenting on these waste of time articles. You'd really come off like a doofus.
reading and commenting are two completely different things. Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish. A stupid man's report of what a clever man says can never be accurate, because he unconsciously translates what he hears into something he can understand.
Why are you making excuses for being lured to these articles? It's your right to read them if they beckon you so. I'm just commenting on how "foolish" you sound belittling an article your parked yourself on long enough to make a comment on. Regardless of how you justify it you do come off as silly for commenting on something you claim merits no one's time and effort.
I am not making an excuse. I have been seeing headlines for two weeks about "possible" sightings or new theories. I feel like this is irresponsible reporting. Today I decided to click on the article so I could comment on the bottom. You clearly think this is a mark on my intelligence which is fine, thats your opinion. Those who never retract their opinions love themselves more than they love truth. You cannot argue stupidity, you just have to accept it patiently as one of those things.
I don't think anything that big from a 777 would be able to float and remain intact, especially after this much time. I could be wrong, though.
oh you could be wrong??? not could but always nut job ! how much dope have you smoked to fry all your brain cells you surely don't have any left! nut job
This is getting worn out. Doesn't Barack have a new distraction yet so we wont think about his most current failures
How about this for a new theory. A nation yet to be determined tested a space based laser system and unexpectedly shot down the airliner. Assuming it was a Chinese test and illegal under UN treaties, had this occured, no one would take responsibility for it. It might explain a lot of missing details. don't know if there i a method to track a space based laser or another space based weapon, but even if it was the USA, I feel we would deny all knowledge of its existence. Just a though about a great mystery.
Like the US Navy did to TWA off the coast of NY when it took off from LaGuardia which was covered up by saying terrorist were on board with a bomb? You think this will work?
Space based laser? This isn't an Austin Powers movie.
To Brenda; I had forgot about the Austin Powers movie. But you reminded me of an old James Bond(007) movie. But NO I don't think this happenned. Where is all of the debris that would be scatterred somewhere in China?? Thank You
The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it? Jeremiah 17:9
I for one am getting tired of seeing the news people chasing the relatives of the passengers and especially the one crying being refocased every time it is like theyhave nothing else to show so it is re runs galore
Nothing in the ocean sands. The water levels were not disturbed by anything usual that day once tested, and there is no debris. The plane flew into a parallel universe vacuum by mistake. This has happened before with planes. But at least now we have satellite footage/several tracking devices of anything in THIS universe, and what goes on in it.
Man fights with wife gets all wound up; his political leader goes off to jail-man goes to work all wild. next thing ya know plane winds up where to pilots knowledge-plane should never be found. Pilots family gets their check just like everyone else.
Nothing but possibilities and speculations - and maybe this happened, and maybe that happened, and then it turns out to be zilch! My friends parents disappeared over 50 years ago in an apparent plane crash and they have yet to find the plane or any of its parts and passengers!
Honestly, They should confirm that the wreckage was found before announcing it. All this "we think it might be here" stuff is just making things worse for the families when it's always confirmed to not be wreckage they're looking for.
Someone posted a link earlier regarding the plane going down over land. I can't repost it but the plane climbed to 32K and then stopped and then later disappeared off the screen. But it never got out of Malaysia before they lost contact. If anyone knows how to show this link let me know. Thx
Radar contact was lost but they continued to receive signals from the plane's engines that showed it was still flying.
US is aware the where about of the plane. The corrupt and incapable Malaysian government will not reveal it due to political reasons. And US is constantly releasing news to the international medias to pressure Malaysia. That's what's going on right now. The plane and the passengers are fine somewhere. Things will get a lot clearer in the days to come.
Nope, Whoever the pilot (s) were - they most assuredly KNEW what they needed to do to completely make this aircraft disappear and go so deep that there would be no survivors or much to recover.
A 15ft section of a jetliner made up of mostly metal would not likely be floating.
Didn't 2 fishermen say they saw a plant in tact flying over thier island headed towards the sea. And didn't that fat white guy say he discounts what the fishermen said because they were fishermen and made that story up? I think the fat white guy should be held responsible for not following up on the fishermen's lead. This was last week sometime.
I find it astonishing how easy we lost a plane, are we in the dark ages? With technology as advance as it is, you would think that we would have GPS tracking on each individual plane just like we do with our phones and even some vehicles, where the user cannot tamper with them.
technology is fairly advanced you dunce...and it will continue to get more advanced...but simpletons think that technology is infinitely advanced so everything must be possible....uh...what is not so advanced is your brain.....just think about that
Your comment and spelling errors show that your brain is much less advance than mine, so go take a hike.
Looks like a shipping container to me.
Isn't this the part of the world where the cultureal killing running amok comes from. Remember, these people are not as civilied as we are in the west.
Meanwhile...In other relevant news..... Their are human slaughter houses set up and in operation in Syria, where they are gutting and butchering people like cattle and stringing them up like beef - just because of their political and/or religious views. Don't think so ? They have video's of it. - shame on all of the worthless media.
i know i checked out a site called ogerish tv and boy i tell you those muslim and mexican drug cartels are the biggest (b)astards of this world. slaughtering and mutilating other humans
It seems funny to me that from the first day this happened they have been searching the ocean. I know it's possible it crashed in the ocean but what about land.
Because that is where it is and some government or more know it, but that wouldn't fit with the agenda they have with more flexibility!
Nice satellite shot. Where is the ability to read a dime on the sidewalk? Somebody isn't talking.
The military doesn't want to broadcast "Hey Terrorists! Look how high our resolution is on this wreckage. Just imagine how much we can see what you are up too!"
Not all sattelites can have that much precision and they can only take picture when they pass over head. Also, in this case, you don't know were to look, so how would reading a dime help. You need a very wide field of view in this case to cover as much ground as possible every-time you pass ahead.
Unfortunately, this event is bringing more attention to the 'scavenger hunt' for the plane than the victims' families left behind.
They have to find the Plane in order to give the Families Answers !!!!!
The only problem with what I see with this whole thing is, A) jetliners do float for a few hours after landing on the water so even if they all jumped out into the freezing ocean, they probably died from the freezing temps. of the water by now and or by sharks or other predatory animals. B) I find it highly unlikely that no one on the plane had a cell phone and know that if you call 911 or any emergency number will work anywhere in the world even if you have no signal or don't even have normal regular service. Same principle if you got lost hiking and had no reception but you can still dial 911 and it will work, I promise you. I also did some research and found out that dialing 112 is the The Emergency Number worldwide for Mobile and it dials the nearest emergency line available to you, so out of over 200 people you cant tell me nobody couldn't of dialed out. C) A fire is plausible but unlikely that it would knock out everyone, the cabin is pressure regulated and is supplied with fresh oxygen, if it didn't have fresh O2 in there everyone on every flight would die of suffocation from carbon dioxide, the stuff we exhale. duhhhhh. I don't know how much fuel the thing had so couldn't tell you how far it might of traveled. No debris has been found from the plane or any bodies. They say an explosion probably isn't the cause but in reality that seems plausible right now and not in the terrorist kind of way. It is possible of catastrophic failure and that it did explode in mid air but doesn't explain why it traveled so far and no debris is found. I could of also landed near one of those tiny islands out there and everyone aboard is on that little island. I dunno but that's all I really have to say about this missing plane thing.
B) I find it highly unlikely that no one on the plane had a cell phone and know that if you call 911 or any emergency number will work anywhere in the world even if you have no signal or don't even have normal regular service. Bull ' For a standard cell to work, it must be within range of a cell tower. What you are thinking of is a cell that is powered on, but not registered with any Catrrie - a completely differenthing Now if this were a SatPhone, you were talking about . . .
@Komplikator True for on ground it would work, a SatPhone would definitely work. Cell phones do still work when flying over a country and depending on where a tower is and the location of where the plane is supposed to be they technically could of been within cell tower range. Even if they went to another network the tower still holds info about that particular device. They dont really know right now in reality. That and the business class seat section does include SatPhones with them also "Flight 370 did a wide U-turn in the middle of the night over the Gulf of Thailand and then spent nearly half an hour swooping over two large Malaysian cities and various towns and villages" so in theory they could of made a cell phone call. Also "Many aircraft carry air phones using radio or satellite technology, and the Malaysia Airlines jet was equipped with them in business class. The plane continued to send satellite pings for nearly seven hours after it was apparently diverted." So someone could of called out regardless. They had to deliberately turn off the phones inside the cabin, so unless they pilots where on a suicide mission or multiple people had to be involved. So even if they made everyone unconscious on the plane, the plane itself would float for a few hours still and someone could of made a call.
Also it was going to china so in order for it to totally avoid detection it would of had to flown away from Australia and pretty much into the middle of the ocean but like I said the plane would of floated and they had Sat phones so they could of made the calls but if they turned them off they couldn't. The real question is why? No terrorist organization is claiming anything to do with this and even if they did, what did they gain? Nothing.
If you did the math and look at the facts, the flight plan was for around 2700 miles and the plane probably had around 3500 miles of fuel aboard it. The whole equation is a lot more complicated and takes into account of everything aboard the plane, even the fuel itself carries weight. Anyway they estimate that it would of in theory traveled for about a little more then 6 hours with that amount fuel but the Sat Phone pings where for 7 hours and we don't know exactly how much fuel was aboard the plane. So they probably did turn off the on board Sat Phones but still doesn't give a reason why. All we can hope for is that little black box to appear somewhere. Which brings up other questions within itself. Like where is the underwater location beacon its supposed to emit?
I don't believe this misdirection...more likely this flew north..to many odd things going on..that don't add up. Someone needed a plane ...but, to do what??.. I would be looking in Iraq, Iran, Pakistan, Afganistan..etc. Every plane needs a pinger, like the GPS on your cell phone, only it can't be shut off..No ping, no fly, without a look and see,military escort.
They have locator signals. They even navigate with GPS. Those systems just don't work well in 10,000 ft of water. The reason no satellite photos show the aircraft is because the satellite surveillance is watching Iraq, Iran, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Somalia, the rest of West Africa. They already know it isn't on land there.
Tom. Then they would know when and where it was, when the GPS stopped working. If they had a problem, they would have been calling maday. instead of turnning the transponderrs off and changing directions don't you think? I believe it is on land somewhere and not in 10000ft of water! why no mayday???
Some blame Obama, some blame God, some have the nerve to blame accidental death based on logical malfunction and crash.
So the mystery ends. Do we really care or was it just a slow news time. Do we really care if Russia takes Crimea since it was essentially Russian anyway, or was it just a slow news time. It seems we have to be entertained all the time.
steve why do you keep posting this #$%$? one time isn't enough?
IM, once is never enough! It is a slow news day.
Why do people keep make these ridiculous statements and speculation, leave it alone until the mystery is solved, it might be many years, we are still looking for Amelia Earhart.
Well if no cell phone calls were attempted it would lead one to believe that all passengers were either gassed, or were unaware of a suicide plot and went straight into the ocean and hopefully died quickly as that area of the ocean is full of dangerous sharks.
GWS live off the coast of Australia; but 1500 miles off the coast? Only an occasional transient shark would be in that deep of water; nothing to eat.
The new search area smart as().
Oh my ! It's a conspiracy and the NSA, FBI or whomever is leading the investigation hasn't made all of us aware of what they know. Well gee, for the life of me I can't figure out why all of the brilliance being displayed here isn't "in the loop" !
Well they should have never allowed the muslims to bring that camel onboard. I could only imagine the pilots got distracted when the muslims started the bestiaIity with the camel and the passengers got freaked out which cause the pilots to lose concentration.
What is this about the Democrats and the plane crash? Sounds paranoid to me and nothing to do with the plane crash. If you want to know the truth Republicans do a good job of profiting off of 100,000 shootings last year while Japan had 11 and the only country to have a kid bring a gun to school. Hopefully, the truth comes out about this crash but America reality deniers make it sound like the US has no problems of there own.
If the plane went due West, it is probably in Kenya, or somewhere near Somalia. Must have been a Malaysian top gun flying this jet to pull these moves off I have heard, like flying close enough to another plane to hide from radar, and also flying as low as 100ft to also hide from radar. They all could be rumors, but my guess is they are in Somalia/ Kenya.
Flight 370 has landed in western China and nobody has been hurt. Don't ask me how I know, because you wouldn't believe me if I told you.
It's just a matter of time until some NEW STORY comes onto the scene to DISTRACT us from what this distraction was meant to take our attention from. Meanwhile, Barry, with a stroke of a pen enacts sanctions against Russia and functions as dictator while we are shown stuff like this. Of course some gov't is hiding the airplane & people. Duh!
paul you are another right wing idiot. this is more like the shrub. remember every time he ran or when he needed to give his ratings a boost we would get an orange alert and you right wingers would just line up and bend over. you need to remove those balls from your chin lest the think you are a bagger. I love the name you right wingers gave yourselves. it fits your Koch sucking. very apropos
Lib, for what it's worth, I detest the Neo-Cons like shrub and see this scene as AN ESTABLISHMENT problem, not a D vs. R problem or a lib vs. consv. problem. Also, a true liberal would actually see it that way too. Most libs are actually Communists now and can not identify with a true liberal view.
Malaysia just said they are tired of all this hype and are going to bed. They said if anyone finds their plane they can just keep it
HAHAHAHHA.. i swear..if it wasn't for the Comment section on Yahoo..their stock would just collapes
Malaysia and China are almost the same - they still have to build schools to educate people not to cook dogs and cats. hahahahahaa
The sea is so full of debris and garbage from years of pollution there are literally islands of trash out there. What is ridiculous are the news agencies sensationalizing and implying this is debris from the plane.
Bunch of BS! The world NEVER examined the ocean so closely and this debris could be of anything !
Perhaps the software Geniuses aboard fired up their NEW high tech devices that somehow affected the avionics aboard the 777? Imagine 20 or so gadgets turned on at the same time running programs and or sending messages to cloud servers and such. Could be we have some new era electronics interfering with navigation. Not so far fetched as some theories.
Even if it is nothing more than part of Tom Hank and Wilson's raft's... The government will say it is part of the plane just so they will stop looking like idiots and to shut everyone up.
Tsunami junk looks like alot of what Aircraft junks looks like and there is a thousand times more Tsunami junk in the Ocean floating still then there is aircraft junk. False leads to give false hope for news junkies.
STOP THE PRESSES! POSSIBLE DEBRIS FOUND IN AN OCEAN!
question for fox news. if smoke or fire was to happen shouldn't airplanes have detectors to notify pilots that this was happening in the cargo hole, and a distress call would go out by the pilots and not fly on for 8 hours., experts say smoke or fire in the plane maybe the cause if it crashed 8 hours later.?? for 12 days or , more many planes and ships have been searching, and now you may have wreckage and you have few planes or ships that can reach the area, what happen to the 40 aircraft and 39 ships, they disappear too.?? turning back for lack of fuel?? if it turns out to be the plane will the kidd be there to try and find the box.
You need to kick those drugs, incoherent liberal.
please don't complain aboutg Faux News......
Fox has beaten, theorized, and hammered away at this unfortunate tragedy for over 10 days to the exclusion of all other worldwise news in it's programming......over and over again, it's 'breaking News' lead-in appears to stall on the same previously aired info. I don't know what's worse, the Networks in bed with the politicians or a Cable news service droning on and on about 'no actual new developments'. Our brains are bleeding!
Think about all the components of a plane. Do you really doubt that the most plausible explanation is a mechanical failure?
Unknowing the condition of the passengers and strange activities revolving around the pilots, would it be possible for the pilots to have set the autopilot to a straight line flight and parachute from the plane near passing land giving them freedom from detection and success in their goal, whatever the reason.
Not from the altitude they were flying.
The plane if it went south didn't pass over any land after it turned that way. Also it flew high seemingly all the time.
Verifying what the satellite saw in the ocean is a slow methodical process that will probably take several days. The press needs to have some patience and let the experts do their job!
Planes can go off course when pilots are passed out and autopilot takes over. Stop your elaborate alien black holed 911 ideas. Stupidity
I have no answers but someone cause this on purpose, planes don't go off course like that by accident.
May true God remember all the passengers wherever they are!
What part of an airliner is this big, that would still be floating after this amount of time? The oceans of the world are full of debris from the devastating tsunami that have occured over the last few years.
So tsunami debris can still be floating after 3 years but parts from a plane that crashed two weeks can't?
So crapola could be floating around for 3 years but plane parts cant be floating around after 12 days? And Idiots like you are why we are in this mess, because you voted for Obozo?.....that would explain it.
I've been watching the coverage on CNN and Fox since this Australian story broke a few hours ago. I watched the first press conference from Australia and they don't know anything except they found something in the water. They even admitted it may not have anything to do with Flight 307. They should have kept a lid on this until they knew for sure what they are dealing with. What a cluster.
Except that if they don't say anything, then they are accused of hiding things, not being transparent, etc. I think it fair to assume that they think there is something there - or they would not be going to the effort of dispatching planes and ships 1500 miles offshore to check it out.
I think a lot of it is that every news agency wants to be the first to find some little tid-bit ot info to report wheather it has any relavance or not.
Of course they think there is something there. They admitted there is something there. They also admitted it may not have anything to do with this plane. My whole point is that it is taking them a few hours to get out there to get a closer look. I don't think anyone would accuse them of hiding things if they sat on it for 6 hours while they further investigated. It just seems premature to be making all these announcements, especially with what happened with the original false leads of oil slicks and debris.
MSNBC has much better coverage. Fox does repeats.
In the middle of the night when this was breaking CNN had the first coverage followed by Fox about an hour later. MSNBC (a joke of a network from the get go) was busy showing repeats of their hate filled talking heads from earlier in the night. They had NO coverage of it whatsoever.
The beautiful and smart Chris Jansing did an excellent job. No!!! she is not a hate filled talking head....which are so commonly found on Fox. Fox's Sheppard Smith gave some readings that were looped and repeated with stock footage.
Yes, after a couple of hours of nothing really being said about it they started to loop Shepard. Anderson Cooper kept going, in fact I fell asleep watching him as I was hoping something new would break. At what point did MSNBC pick up their coverage? Every time I flipped over they were showing reruns of Chris Hayes and Rachel Maddow both reminding me I am racist because I don't vote Democrat.
Can't say when MSNBC picked up coverage. I kinda woke into this 'breaking news'. I watch all cable news stations.....and wade through the muck on the internet for sources of news and information. Each cable channel slants the facts to fit their particular agenda. CNN tries harder to stay in the middle but does have a more leftish bent. However, each will stumble upon some truth (ignored by their competitor) every once in a while. Won't stand in the 'amen corner' just watching one channel and be forced to accept their whole agenda. My greatest objection to Fox is constant gloom and negativity....sometimes ruins my whole day. Don't consider you a racist. However, we're sometimes judged by the company we keep. Remember...all Muslims aren't terrorists, but almost all terrorists are Muslims. All Republicans aren't racists, but, almost all racists are republicans.
The REAL headline shoudl be: Putin conquers a nation and Obuma takes a vacation!!! but instead media keeps shoving this missing plane story.
Has he left for vacation again already?
Let's hope he stays on vacation. The country will be better off.
This is just some junk in the ocean, right now. Until it is identified as being from the plane it is not news.
Or it could be garbage from the Japanese tsunami.
If it's Muslims I hope it makes the Chinese join us on the war on terror. I don't think they'd be as nice as us and be handcuffed by liberal media that chastises our own troops and CIA operators.
“NOT A SINGLE NEWS ITEM will reach the public without our control,” states the Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion. Rupert Murdoch, a Zionist Jew, is the owner of FOX Media Corporation, whose holdings include the Fox News Channel and the Wall Street Journal.
The Chinese don't care . . and spending money is not something they like to do . . . They are however very interested in making money legally of illegally . . .
Ha I think the chinese care about their citizens. And you say the US doesn't care about making money? hahaha.
Bob you sound crazy to me.
Not much closer than the day this happened. BIG bodies of water swallowing a massive jet. Pretty arrogant to say we are destroying the earth.
We all need to remember that the satellite images they are looking at are from several days before now. They have to go through their image databases, the closer to the date of when the plane would have been in the air the better in some cases. Since they are trying to find evidence they then have to take into account weather/winds/currents/tides and such for where anything suspicious might be at the time they get into the area. No one is saying this is a sure thing, it is just a "hey, we have some information we are checking out." We all have to remember that the media folks are no more educated than the rest of us in interpreting any of this (some seem to be less qualified that most of us are!). I feel for some of the nation's trying to help. If they tell the media they are checking something out and it turns out not to be connected they get blasted, other times if they check something but don't mention it to everyone around who will listen they are accused of "covering up" information. At least we are hearing from governments other than Malaysia now since I think a lot of us have little faith in their ability to provide information or conduct such a complicated and vast-reaching investigation.
Obviously YOU know as much or more than the Australian authorities, please feel free to lend them your expertise!
the plane was sighted in the maldives you can find the article through google or yahoo search
Good point; the Malaysians appear to not know what they are doing. Glad Australia and the US are involved. I believe the objects floating in the ocean will prove to be from the flight, but we will see. These Asian governments lie to their citizens worst than Western governments do; that is why the media has to stay on countries like China, Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand, etc. to get to the truth.
And in other news --- President B. Hussein Obama continues to scour numerous sand traps throughout North America .
Anybody could have painted and thrown parts out at this point who knows where or what real happened now.
A plane full of tech whizzes with a cargo of who knows what. What government might be interested in this plane?
Let's hope so, because I'm sick of the theories. The one on CNN proposing that the plane went into another dimension where the passengers are now battling with dinosaurs was the worst.
What the PM of Malaysia needs to ask the POTUS RIGHT NOW: So you had USS Kidd and USS Pinkney in the area at the time MH370 disappeared, and you want to tell me you have NO HARD DATA on the flight of this airplane?
Airlines should now finally be required to tell ticket buyers if Muslims will be flying the plane.
I agree and passengers should be required to tell airlines if they are racist morons who will only fly with Christian pilots.
I still believe the nations involve in this search know exactly where the aircraft is and are just continuing this "search" as a cover while they either negotiate with the hijackers or come up with an acceptable "cover" story for the crash. That they expect the public to believe that the major nations do not have better satellite data for the location/date of the disappearance is just ridiculous.
But if suicide, why not just go right down into the Gulf of Thailand...why evasion? Once tampering with the transponders are detected, it will never be ruled an accident
The copilot was in the prime of his career. what evidence has surfaced to suggest he was suicidal?
There's no evidence it was suicide. Even if the pilot or co pilot had some whopping big policy, does anyone with a brain better than an average cat think the company is going to pay up? We actually don't have satellites that look in our windows day and night. Bertha Fay, you keep showing up here and refusing to take you meds. At some point, everyone will think you're crazy.
JamesC did it ever dawn on you that I might have a better idea of just WHAT are satellites are capable of then you do? No medication needed and if you think I am "crazy" why read and give credibility to my posts?
Look! It's a raft with the remains of Amelia Earhart!
Firstly I would like to say I have every sympathy with the families connected to this "unprecedented" mystery. They must be going through unimaginable pain and sorrow. I also have a theory that I am surprised no-one else has considered. I do not believe for one moment that the timing of this, is coincidentally happening at the same time as the issues with Russia and Estonia, and the land-grab of the Crimean region. I believe desperate people do desperate acts! It would take a lot of organisation and people on the ground to steal an airliner of that size. It was proved yesterday to a flight simulator that a Boing 777 can be landed on a shorter runway. I will lay out my reasons below: 1. I believe the plane was seen by the fishermen flying low over the Indian ocean. Probably to be below the radar, and the turn made by the plane was intentionally made to cause the world to look in the wrong place. Why else would the transponder be turned off.....? 2. I believe the plane was taken to 45,000 ft and had the passenger section depressurized to asphyxiate the passengers so no-one would have time to attempt any cell phone calls (if possible at that height). 3. A former Soviet country may want to hit back at not wanting to be under the communist reign. Hence a flight going to China (the passenger list will have been mostly people from a communist country). 4. With the amount of people loosing, and will probably loose their lives fighting against being returned to Russian communism, the passengers will be classed as collateral damage (terrible to say, but true) 5. As stated by a former pilot yesterday. I also believe this plane is now in a hangar, but in the possession of Estonian sympathizers. Probably Ex-Government funded. 6. I do not believe this is anything linked to known terrorist groups. This is "unprecedented" ! 7. I have the terrible feeling that the next time this plane is seen. It will look like a Russian airliner, and be used against the Russian Government as a "weapon of mass destruction" (A Russian 9/11). 8. For those old enough to remember. A pilot once evaded radar and flew through Russia, landing in Red Square. I have a feeling President Putin is going to have the Boing 777 delivered right to his front door. 9 As I said earlier. Desperate people do desperate acts. The people of the former soviet countries have nothing to lose in striking back as hard as possible against the aggression being shown by Russia. 10. The Estonian and Crimean governments must have their versions of "secret delta team soldiers". I believe the organisation required to pull off such an act would be far higher than simply hijacking a plane and crashing it. Lastly I feel that I must say. I am not a former pilot or military person. I am very inquisitive and think laterally, and outside the box. Your comments are welcome.
I think you have over thought this whole situation.
you make some good points, but I think it is more likely in Pakistan or Iran, to strike Israel. That would set off a war in the Middle East. I really do hope that the latest finding of debris by Australia pans out, and I am wrong with my theories.
To Colin; Sorry,,but you sound like you are writting a book. Way too much speculating/assumptions. And what does flight HR370 have to do with Crimea/Ukraine/Russia? Ypu've been watching way to much stuff on ScyFy channel. Because you are 'not' old enough to have watched the original 'Twlight Zone' shows. Thanks for your comment. Wain is correct. Alan is also way off base.
Ronald, I really do hope you are right! :)
Firstly. I hope you are all right and I am wrong. Secondly I am English and 48 years old and have learned not to believe everything I am told, or see. There seems to be an overwhelming sense of American paranoia, that the terrorist acts will be against us. I think all scenario's should be looked at. No-one from any nation or religion should be the target of or the instigator a terrorist act. To Ronald...... There are definitely pieces of a jigsaw that fit my scenario. Fact is stranger than fiction. I suggest you read what I wrote, again. Links could be made to the current Russian Crimean situation. If this is a terrorist act.... they would take great care not to be hit back at by the USA, if the USA was not the target. Hence a plane mostly filled with non-Americans and with possible landing destinations close enough to slip under the radar into Russia.
There is no such a thing as over thinking a situation. The lack of considering any and every possibility would leave humanity very vulnerable.
I hope that those objects are not debris from the plane, or that the plane did not actually fatally crash despite the loss of debris. I wonder how worried the families are now.
Really if we do humble ourselves and pray, we will get the answer, I do Believe that! We must also pray for the families of these missing, they need answers and comfort and peace.
This entire deal has been blown completely out of reason with all the speculation. News agencies have made this a circus for ratings, wait until there are some legitimate facts and then report. We have from Alien abduction to in a quadruple car garage in Pakistan. My head is about to explode....
This new debris 24m in size ? It's that a coincidence . Last week the Chinese satellite images said the objects discovered at sea are 13 meters by 18 meters, 14 meters by 19 meters, and 24, meters by 22 meters. But a different location close to the southern tip of Vietnam Malaysians said they did not find anything there, images were released by mistake~~ ?
A lot of people owe Courtney Love an apology. She found it days ago.
I think loss of navigation and other malfunctions created a situation where the pilots couldn't tell where they were. They tried to find a direction where they could figure out emergency landing other than water in the dark which is certain death. That's probably why they climbed so high in altitude, they didn't know where they were.
I could just as easiley see this being pieces of debri floating around the ocean that were pulled out to sea from the 2004 Sri Lanka or 2011 Japan tsunamis. I am sure there were large pieces of roofs, walls, fences etc that are still out there, just floating around.
What no UFO reported yet? Everything but a rabbit has been pulled out of the hat about this plane. So why now a UFO...
Pilot or co-pilot suicide seems to be the only explanation. Was it rational to keep flying for hours after the plane was taken over, no; but suicide is not rational especially when it includes taken other's lives with your own.
I think the 777 200ER aircraft might have landed under world. The entire world is well equipped with modern technology capable of tracing the missing passenger jet in seconds, but it took the titanic ship 84 years to be retrieved. Please stop imagining and let the truth resurface.
Here's what I think happened. Co-Pilot poisons Captain. Co-Pilot re-programs course. The flight crew becomes uneasy. After an hour or so, they decide to revolt against the would be high jacker. Only to learn that the co-pilot has committed suicide. THe plane is now flying adfritt. Thinking the co-pilot sabotaged the plane to crash, the crew work to steady the plane the best they can. They fly until the fuel runs out.
Satabear ... remakable...where you up all night think about that.?
Obama did it. Anything sneaky, and underhanded that happens from now til 2016 ? He's my first suspect.
I have no idea how they say that is a piece of debris. It looks like a fuzzy blob to me.
They aren't showing us or the media the enhanced close-up photos.
You know EXACTLY where the debris is, go check it out. It's been 24 hrs and you still don't know? Don't rush into anything will you?
Simmer down people, don't criticize Malaysia too bad. Don't forget our issue with planes being lost in the sky. We're throwing rocks out of glass houses with a crack already present.
Oh, we have the best technology ever! Our satellites now can spot a football in someones backyard and can produce a clear image.......Boolsheet!! Our tracking systems suck, satellites can't track a black box, and satellites can't produce clear images. We really don't have Sht! when it counts.
You really think they are showing us their best resolution pictures? Just when I had thought I'd seen the most ignorant poster on here, you show up.
Prayers for those folks that had loved ones aboard that plane and the passengers.
Could be anything. maybe a Humpback
Latest flash from a check of the pilots simulator program, he had a location picked out of the probable location of Bin Laden's dumping site with probable coordinates. He also had a last will and testament which had been sent to his airline bosses. Malaysia knew this from day one, but has still not released this because it will damage beyond repair its airline industry. So much for Islamist.
Repeat after me, "The National Enquirer is not a legitimate news source."
Not to be negative, but those look like a mother and baby whale to me. Do whales get that big?
One person that loves this plane crash is Obama, because people are not paying attention to the great job he is doing of destroying America.
#$%$!!!! why not send a fricking DRONE first off. have them save time and money and its able to get a close up shot, instead of using all this time consuming manpower that ends up a useless waste of time and money there. if that was the flight, and all are on the plane still, then it probably was a hostage situation, not a suicide mission. suicide wouldn't have to go through all those details to dump the plane and kill everyone. and terrorists could've used a parachute of sort to jump out of the plane at any time. either way, the black box may give the answers to any flight. because of the hinderance of vital info which the Malaysian officials had in the very beginning, they may have costed the lives of most of the people on that flight. I hope the people got out somewhere and are safe.
Your an idiot. Make sure no one looks for you #$%$ when you go missing.
I got a question.. Did anyone else hear on the news that the pilots family moved out the day before?
If Malaysia admitted it was not competent to conduct a proper investigation on its own and called in Australia and the US sooner, this mystery and tragedy might already be resolved: it was like a country doctor refusing to consult with the Mayo Clinic on a difficult case.
Excellent analogy with the doctors, James. You're absolutely right about Malaysia and now Indonesia holding back information. They should be held accountable for every bit of the problems involved. Yet they try to appear so smug in their fancy uniforms. Makes me sick!
They worked with what they had. I believe it was an unprecedented scenario. It's always easy to criticize.
The US and Australia, along with China, the Phillipines and Vietnam, were all on the search and rescue mission within the first 24 hours. Half of you people are crazy and the other half are nuts.
It seems to me everyone with assets in the vicinity pitched in pretty quickly. Remember, everyone was working on the initial assumption that it went down along it's original flight path. And I think Malaysia called for help early on. The "smug" ones are the Chinese that, for all their recriminations, have done little to help and actually released false data of their own due to incompetence. I really don't know what people expect. Just because the flight originated in Malaysia doesn't make them the bad guys.
why announce a breakthrough when you haven't identified these pieces yet, especially after the previous sightings of ocean trash.
Because people are Demanding they report everything they see!!!
My explanation: The pilot diverted the plane and set the course to some deserted runway. Trying to avoid radars, he flew it very close to the sea and probably crashed against some uncharted rocks or (though experienced) the pilot made a mistake at very low altitude and the plane hit the sea.
The plane landed somewhere. Nobody out if the cockpit survived. The goal is to save the plane for use when another opportunity arrives after searches are called off. They're just laying low.
Malaysia is so fare from Australia that the part of the plain that they claim could never made it there. No sir this not duh look at a map and think. But duh sir I know you can't.
True, but helps make a good fire and ghost plane story. Liberal media will not say the "T" word.
They better have identifying parts off this plane because I have serious doubt this is it. It makes no sense to steal this plane and crash it in the ocean. Yes I said stolen. If you wanted to kill yourself and others then why duck and weave under the radar and turn off the transponders.
Ah! Even cars have tracking devices
I wonder if the families are comforted by black hole and lead plane theories? It's almost like they have been using this tragedy for ratings with stupid conspiracies to keep viewership up.
looks like the other pictures 2 weeks ago , said it was a whell cover of some fishing vessel. ENOUGH! already, there were employees and patent holders on board that needed to be " gone" so The Rothchild family will be the only one wioth the patent rights to this "lucrative" endeavor . thats all nothing but American Greed
Who let Andrea out of the rubber room?
Let me add one more scenario to the mix. ASTEROID An asteroid that’s about the size of a grape makes it through the atmosphere and is still glowing penetrates the cockpit killing both pilots with shrapnel from the window. Prior to dying one of the pilots tells the autopilot to return. After going to the way point and with no further input, the plane then flies the last heading until fuel depletion.
Am very and always suspicious of terrorists. Assuming the plane did not fall into the sea but landed somewhere safely, terrorists can create a part similar to any part of the plane, throw it into the sea in order to divert attention. So the lead should be viewed with extreme caution
Suspicious of terrorists, you think so?
Got a question for the experts: If this aircraft went down in the ocean, how is it that not a single one of the passengers got on their cell phone or lap-top. Certainly they would have sensed something was wrong before the aircraft went in. Makes no sense. I suspect the pilot,flying low, may have hit a mountain in which case there would not have been time for anyone to communicate.
This idea has been beat to death......they were NEVER within range of a cell tower, that is why no cellphones made contact. When they overflew land the aircraft was over 30,000 feet up and that is too far.
I imagine sharks have taken the bodies.
Another funny person that has nothing to do or no life. You should hope there is no tragedy in your family.
Wasn't being funny. After this amount of time I would imaging that the bodies would be consumed by sea life. The Indian Ocean is home to several scavenger fish as well as species of shark.
So, all it took was that lady flipping out on national news, for someone to look at a satellite image.
How come the debris pieces are still close together, after 2 weeks of washing around in the Ocean? Should those pieces be ahundereds of miles away from eachother by now?? I smell B.S.
This is getting to be more and more like the old story about a slow news day in the 1950s. The great American vaudevillian and actor, John Garfield died suddenly in the arms and bed of a woman not his wife. It was all the scandal, and the Hollywood rags went crazy. Weeks and weeks later, the news was so slow, that one reporter suggested "John Garfield Still Dead!" Decades later, SNL reprised the joke with [Spanish dictator] "General Francisco Franco Still Dead!"
For those who can, look up the classic film noir "Ace in the Hole" with Kirk Douglas. Directed and written by Billy Wilder.
Are we as a people so conditioned to believe the #$%$ from the media that gets its orders from the Gov't and military industrial complex.
Well, you're reading this story. What does that say about you?
Sorry Harley, was talking to John.
Whats the deal with the 2 Iranians that had stolen passports or whatever it was? How come they're no longer suspects?
because the investigations show they were not suspects with no ties to any terrorist organizations, old news.
They were asylum seekers using false passports for illegal migration purposes. They wanted to get to the other end of the flight not crash it
Obozo just hired them...they're working in Homeland Security.
I do not think this is the Malaysian Airlines. If memory serves me correctly, 2 years an Airbus crashed in Australia and they never found anything, perhaps these pieces belong to that crash rather than Malaysia 370. For the sake of the families I hope they find it soon, cannot imagine the agony these families are going through.......very tragic.
Right - those pieces floated for two years. Do you have any concept of how much junk is floating around the worlds oceans on any given day? Literately tons.....
All the passengers with ipads, smartphones, designer clothes, etc... It all just doesn't matter. What matters is that moment you get to wake up and have a new day. RIP
“NOT A SINGLE NEWS ITEM will reach the public without our control,” states the Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion. Rupert Murdoch, a Zionist Jew, is the owner of FOX Media Corporation, whose holdings include the Fox News Channel and the Wall Street Journal. And you wonder why you have these clowns at FOX pointing fingers?
Just in. Global warming has caused the molecular dew line to reverse itself causing the Bermuda Triangle to turn upside down and relocate itself in the opposite hemisphere. Could this be the first missing case in the Pacific or India Ocean Triangle or even worst the Pakistan Rectangle.
Nah! This plane is being fitted with weapons of mass destruction and we will see it again shortly. It will be blamed on alCIAduh.
What an evil thing to do to all those innocent people, just incomprehensible someone could be that diabolical.
LETS HOPE! Mainly for those family members, that this is a clue and not another false alarm. For me, this has been one of the most "questionable" tragedies I have heard. Every day we hear about another opinion, therory, speculation. The thing that really upsets me is that the "news?" people want to interview the relatives. Leave them alone! Show some respect for their situation and greef!
"but officials cautioned it could take days to confirm if the objects were parts". SERIOUSLY? One look and you would KNOW if it is part of an aircraft. I continue to doubt those in charge of this investigation.
Even if they are aircraft parts, the serial numbers on the parts have to be traced back to the actual plane itself. If they don't match then there may be another plane missing somewhere..
I don't think it's happenstance that the A/C may have ended up in the deepest part of the Indian Ocean. Most likely the Captain was planning this route out on his simulator, as a way to 'embarrass' the Malaysian government that just put his good friend and the major political opposition figure in prison......His plan has worked (to probably bring down the regime) but sadly at cost of so many innocents........
Muslims truly believe they will go to heaven with 72 virgins waiting if they die while killing numerous non Muslims. If you don'believe this, Google it. Muslims are crazy, nut case people.
I've seen that little twerp drive a car in his baby seat wow cool look at that midget the positive thing is that midget girl is a doctor and he's in some sort of business not on welfare that dwarf must be determined to be a doctor.
This is as bad as the Thai government saying they didn't release the information they had because they weren't asked!
This story is so sad for the families. The US military brags they have the Earth covered with satellites and we blame Malaysia for not being able to find a plane. How many drones from countries all over the Earth are spying on citizens in other countries and no one really knows how many or where. How can this plane not be found and how are all these 'false' leads making headlines. This smells like a media hoax.
The US is not the only nation with multiple satellites overhead!
If the US is somehow involved, then it's no-doubt illegal and immoral.
The inability to locate this plane speaks volumes about the ability of the space stuff that is supposed to keep track of everything. That should be LACK-of-ability.
Maybe you have the wrong idea about all that "space stuff". NOthing on Earth or i n space can keep track of "everything". now go back to your jr high class
Wow, Sophie, do you think you could cut down on all the technical mumbo-jumbo for those of us without PHDs in astro physics? And you might want to remove the tinfoil hat and stop listening to those folks who tell you the government is keeping tabs on each and every thing in the world via their super-secret satellites.
How about some real news now. Remember the indian ocean tsunami that killed over a quarter million people? I bet this is the first time in years anyone reading this even thought about it. The only reason why this is news is because of its "elusive" mystery. If it would have just crashed, and we knew it...ALL OF YOU WOULD HAVE NOT GIVEN IT ANOTHER THOUGHT. They are dead, and you will be too one day, and just like these people that crashed, you will be forgotten about as well.
Well, what a ray of sunshine you are this morning.
Kill yourself already and get it over with...douche.
Humans are every bit as curious as cats. And it is news, as was the tsunami. During the aftermath of the tsunami, we hoped daily for more people to be found alive.
Hey Buddy, do the world a favor and don't procreate.
It's simple: There was probably a smoldering fire, and the pilots shut down most of the electrical systems to try to stop the source of the fire (most are electrical), thereby shutting off the transponder, etc. They also set the autopilot to head for the nearest big airport (at Langkawi). But they were overcome by toxic smoke before they reached there and the plane just continued on that heading until fuel ran out.
If the pilots noticed a "smoldering fire", they would have radioed that information.
Sorry if my opinion offends any of you pilots out there, but I see no reason why the radar, communication and other signaling devices should be able to be switched off by anyone on board a commercial jet.The operation of these instruments should be a part of the hard-wired operational equipment with no option for end-user modification.
It allows for dual use of the aircraft; military,civilian. In treaties some countries,Russia for one, counts how many cessnas we have. Each is considered a potential weapon delivery craft.
@Scott - I'm sure this isn't an engineering decision; they just design it the way the customers who are ultimately going to buy it, want it. Just like the plastic doors leading into the cockpit that used to be in every single manufactured jet, I imagine similar sarcasm was raised when someone suggested making them out of steel and putting secure locks on them.
Not likely the plane, I'm sure Australia would have spotted the jet on their radar if it had flow that way...
The chances that there was a mid air collision could have beena possible cause that should not be ruled out, not to mention it was entering another nations airspace in a near time frame.
Confirmation! I want confirmation before anyone opens his mouth again about locating any part of Flight MH 370 and you do not release any information until that confirmation is confirmed to be Flight MH 370. Violate this standing order and you'll face military reprimand. In other words... keep that hole in your head that is a mouth shut until you know you have Flight MH370 confirmed and located, or you'll stand tall before the man!
Wow, our civilization is really advanced!?! We can track Meteors, The Big Bang, Asteroids & more. Yet, we can't find A Passenger jet, larger than a football field. Can anyone say "Early Warning System" or Radar?
You have no clue what you're talking about.
I think the pilots picture and name should be displayed along with information on your plane type, seat and destination when you purchase a boarding pass.
I'm not part of the pc crowd and definitely believe in free speech. However , in all my days looking at racist troll comments on yahoo, that was hands down the most racist comment I have ever seen. You are a complete moron.
Hey Mate, taxi cabs have pictures, get out much? Sorry to offend your delicate sensibilities.
BTW Matt, you are a self ritious sniveling get. Idiot.
Hey Thomas, question for you. Why do you think the pilots name and picture should be displayed?
Well Mattie, because if the guys got an Arab sir name then you can decide if you want to put you life in his hands. Clear enough?
Exactly my point. Yup, thanks Thomas.
Thomas, are that freaking stupid? You stated (and I quote) "I think the pilots picture and name should be displayed along with information on your plane type, seat and destination when you purchase a boarding pass." You do realize that airline tickets are bought days, and even weeks, in advance of the date of actual travel. Do you really think that airlines have assigned flight crew to a particular flight prior to that flight becoming available for public purchase? Perhaps you missed the part of maturity that relates to cognitive analysis and rational thought processes. Or maybe you are a dumb as a brick. Either way, your comment was the apex of ignorant blather.
Is it possible the plane belly landed on the water and simply sank intact. They said it had gone as high a 45,000 feet before dropping low--is it possible everyone was dead from a decompression and the auto pilot glide slope guided it down and had a miraculous belly landing and sank???
once the water start to spill into the plane, for sure it will sink. but a belly landing would have provided enough time for passengers to get into inflatable rafts, and those rafts have beacons, similar to transponders which would have been picked up by satellites by now.
When I hear the pilots name is Ahmad or something similar, I start to worry about flight safety.
Lies, lies and more lies. It doesn’t matter which country. Those in power believe they are God and have the right to hide information and mislead the public all because they can. Most people are fools to think any leader can be trusted. And our pathetic leader is too incompetent to play the game of global chess with the nefarious leaders around the world. He is too stupid and ignorant to do more than run for a political office. He is good at lies and deceptions, but anyone with a monkey’s brain can see through the lies and incompetence. Though this event is important, other recent events and ongoing conflict in the Middle East and Asia are far more important, and show a world exploding at an exponential rate. If you don’t believe real Freedom is fragile, you are an naïve ignoramus.
Well, since they all be liars, incompetent and crooks, who do YOU suppose we the people should elect, Occult Paradigm Shift? I guess it's your people who is the cause of America being so great?
That reporter to the right of the wailing lady in the video still is cute.
Thats Chung Do Lee. He's China's first transgender news reporter.
No, actually his name is Wun Hung Lo.
No! NO! I won't listen to your lies!
So we're back to a crashed jet again? I don't know what's worse - being one of the passengers or being one of the loved ones who have to witness this investigation led by the Bubble Gum Gang. We've had a crash, a hijacking by the 19yr old and his partner, back to a crash proven by oil slick, then no crash, on to a diverged flight, then an intentional plot by the pilot, and now we're seeing plane fragments????
Isn't it possible to make phone calls using WiFi? I do it all the time, so what is prohibiting me from calling on the airplane?
It's a good question, and chances are, some family members of the passengers did try to do just that, attempt to contact someone on the plane. So now I have to ask, why hasn't anyone mentioned the attempts. And strange, except for the time that someone claimed to get a phone call from a passenger on that doomed 911 flight, it's never happened again, or vis/versa?? Strange.
^Typical troll behavior, and you can't even answer my question!
My previous statement was for Bob. =)
Raimund- Maybe since it was a red-eye flight, people were already sleeping and anybody needed to contact was sleeping? If the plane didn't have an electrical fire and the plane, for some reason flew to 45,000ft, hypoxic hypoxia would kill the passengers quickly- within minutes. All this news is strange and it feels like we, the general public, are somehow being deceived.
wifi on aircraft is only on domestic aircraft in the USA, the rest of the world hasn't accepted or introduced this technology yet, or is only just introducing it now. This is quite an old aircraft so probably wasn't fitted with passenger wifi.
LIES!!! LIES!!! Even if true, where is all of the plane? Even if true, why was this not known earlier? Earlier? Yes, EARLIER! I have news, a friend told me what should have been obvious. The United States had placed sensors across the oceans floors of the entire planet by at least the 1990s when he first became aware of this while aboard a US navel ship doing research on parts. They would take the parts submerge them for checking to extreme depths and then with small explosives destroy them for further testing. YES, they would be contacted and that is when he learned about the sensor grid. So any crash would have been detected. If this was a crash, why so late for detection? If this was a crash, where is the plane? Parts of plane can be placed for appearance. Many more questions than answers. As far as all the experts in the media, paid. Recall the CIA operatives in CNN newsrooms. Verify! Never trust.
Insanity it seems, has got me by my soul to squeeze... Seek help.
I hope this is it for the sake of the families and friends of the passengers and crew. It still sounds like a suicide run to me. Extremely sad.
Why is the USA involved? I want to know what happened too but why does the USA always have to have their fingers in it??? Oh, right, incompetence from Malaysia and China doesn't care about their own people. Who is paying for this? US Taxpayers. Is China going to decrease a few million off the USA debt to find people they don't care about? Right. Never never never fly international carriers! Fly USA carriers! If a USA carrier doesn't fly there- don't go!
When you end up in the ocean, we'll let China take care of the search.
US wants to be the boss.
@LJ and Timur, Why are others in the 26 country search parties involved? It's called a "global community."
It's a world wide problem.. a missing plane that could be trouble later on. Hopefully not, with these new sightings.
I'm still wondering why USA is leading their investigation, and not China and Malaysia. This is not in their jurisdiction.
Malaysia and China have proven to be incompetent in their investigation efforts, left to them it will never be found.
Malaysia just said they are tired of all this hype and are going to bed. They said if anyone finds their plane they can just keep it.
Even if it is the Jets debris it still doesn't solve the mystery of why someone would divert the plane and have it crash. If a terrorist organization had done it they would have claimed it. It looks like some group or agency within Malaysia did this.
Electrical fire theory is most plausible one I have heard . It fits the facts
Ummmm, those yokle jokerreligious nutjobs who blew up Bali, they were very silent at taking credit for the bombing. Why do you keep on deflecting their possible involvement?
People are such idiots to believe any of this. Possible this, they did this, we did not get this. The government is using the media as usual. Malaysia is using everyone. The only concern is that our government under Obama has no idea what happened or where this airplane went. It could have been used to kill Americans and once again we would not have known until after it happened. Bush staged the 911 events so he could kill Saddam because Saddam had a contract on his dad. That is the bottom line for invading Iraq. Intel even said the people involved, the terrorists, were not from Iraq. Saudi Arabia and Iran remember? The mixed up intel involving this airliner our government puts out, and what the media is telling us, may well have been our own government putting out false information and/or trying to get people off of what happened in Crimea as well as getting people to forget the Obamacare disaster. Anytime something is not going well for any administration something else always comes up to distract people from what is making the administration look bad. It is called psychological warfare. People fall for it generation after generation. Companies have used psychological warfare to get people to buy their product instead of someone else's product. Then they created brand loyalty and people fell for it because 70% of the American people are easily brainwashed and have been conditioned to act like they act. I did not know any of the people on that flight and feel sorry for them if they died. But I won't mourn them any more than I mourn every American that dies every day. Unless you attend every funeral in your city and mourn all the people that die in your city then you are messed up to mourn these people more than the ones closer to where you live. Millions of Americans die every day. We don't see this kind of attention for all those Americans. That is what is wrong with the government, the media and the people in America. When the government and media can get you to mourn for people you don't know or don't know their names then they have controlled you. Our government and media picks and chooses who they want people to mourn. You should be saying, yea they died or they may have died, but many people in my city died and they did not make the news. The government did not care about them. They did not spend tens of millions of our tax dollars to find out why they died, how they died or if it was a doctor or hospital error. Yet if a plane crashes or gets hijacked the government will spend millions finding out why. That is also the only time, other than someone being called famous, that the media will put it on the news.\\they don't spend that money or time when a car crashes and catches on fire. Just look at all the auto recalls that happen after so many people have died or been injured. This can go on for years like the current GM recall. And no one ever goes to jail. If you don't care as much about what happens in this country or locally then you are an idiot and already controlled by the government and the media. Polls show that most Americans don't even know who runs this country. They don't contact their elected representatives. They are just dumbed down. The rest of us, about 30%, contact our elected officials at least once a week. We ask questions and demand answers. We go to meetings to voice our concern. The American idiots just show how dumb they really are. They sit back and expect things to go their way. They get upset when they see people on TV die. But they do nothing. Voting alone is doing nothing if you do not hold the person you voted for accountable. These same people work and they are still a burden to this country because they don't have the courage or knowledge to help this country become better by holding politicians accountable. Too many wimps afraid to say anything. Too many lazy people. To many party followers that just have to vote republican or democrat no matter who runs. Or vote on race as with Obama. What concerned me about this flight is that our government has no idea what happened (so they tell us) and this plane could have or may still be used against Americans. There is a lot of debris in the ocean. We have debris in the ocean that has been around for many years. Debris from Japan reached our coast after their earthquake. And that was many months later. A lot of that debris is still out there.
Don't stand too close to a microwave with that tinfoil hat
Does your chewing gum loose its flavor on the bed-post over night? Occam's Razor, Man.
You need help!! Get it fast!
This makes no damn sense. Why would a 777 be all the way in the hell down there. There's no reason why that plane would be near Australia. They need to focus elsewhere.
it's called an autopilot. if it was set, and everyone was dea, thetuld have flew on till the fuel ran out.
Missing plane with 200 people on it and it's nowhere to be seen and the possibility of it going off track and landing in the ocean somewhere else is the only baffling thing you see in this story?
To me, it looks like either a submerged piece of global warming or evidence of an economic recovery.
I have a new theory of what happened... The pilots were seeing things.. maybe they have some sort of mental collapse. During the fight, they saw some flying objects (maybe birds or something) and they thought they saw some spirits or Ufo, and deliberately bring the plane down from 45000 to 25000 to avoid that, then when it happened, the passengers passed out and so were they, then auto pilot got engaged and flew straight to the ocean .. So, it is not really hijack or terrorist act
Migrating birds can fly as high as 30,000 feet. Artic Terns fly from one pole to the other. Since it's going on winter for the South Pole the birds would be migrating North. However the pilots turned off all communication within a short time after take off. Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah and co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid were muslims, according to news reports. I think this was another senseless suicide mission taking out as many people as possible for their moronic cause.
Maybe they can sink a few Japanese whale hunters while they are looking for the debris.
The Malaysia authorities should offer a reward for finding the plane. The smart people will get involve and the plane will be found almost immediately. Right now; it all the dumb people that are involve with the search effort! They will never find it since they don't know what they are doing. But offer $50 million and you see results!
This is possibly the most ignorant comment I've seen in my life. There are what, 25 different countries involved with the search for this plane? How can you say, "all the dumb people are involved with finding the plane..." Ridiculous. And a $50 million dollar prize?? Did you not eat your wheaties this morning??? Stop it. Malaysia most likely doesnt have $50 million to give, in the first place. We arent searching for the lost dog of the Queen of England. We are searching for a damn airplane. The only dumb people connected to this is people like YOU.
Malaysia easily has $50 million to give as a reward. They just don't want to encourage morons like Anon to start to heading south in their kayaks until they hit the Antarctic and die. It is encouraging to read that all the smart people are posting here though.
Yeah I'm sure that is the only debris floating around in the Indian Ocean. IDIOTS
The plane is not in the ocean. Terrorists have it and they will use it for a terrible purpose.
PLUS you may not now this. The P8 has huge problems, the systems are all screwed up and will take years to get working correctly. Search P8 aircraft problems,, again we taxpayers got screwed...
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 and the BIG BANG HOAX If anyone with half a brain can believe the highly acclaimed Big Bang Theory from the super scientists who contend they have all the answers about our earth need to think again. Imagine the preponderance of our technology today and imagine all the civilized world dancing around Asia like chickens with their heads cut off showing off the height of their technological know-how it all looks laughable when these put down the Creation History from the Holy Bible. They even fail to accept that even if there were a Big Bang that is ONLY part of the creation process under God. I strongly believe in science and all it has done but also strongly feel the same science has given itself more credit than it deserves with uncalled- for putdown of the Holy Bible to the level I feel is intellectual dishonesty.
Hey look! A religion vs. science troll!
Some debris was found about 2,000 nautical miles west of Perth. But there is no guarantee, because that area is in a busy international maritime commercial route, there could be all sorts of debris. For example, part of a discarded ship.
Correct, Also, I would not think that the PM would say too much, nor would they dispatch a number of aircraft and ships to the area, unless they were more certain than not that this is something related to the plane.
if you're stuck in Perth....the only thing you should be looking for ,is a 8 ft rope and 9ft tree!
Would an exhaustive background check include the contents on sermons by the pilot and copilots Muslim clergy at the mosque they were attending? Did they include sermons about Jihad and infidels? That is what I would like to know.
We can track a tiny cellphone and find it anywhere on earth, but a 250 ton, 200 foot long passenger jet with a transponder and 230 people on board just magically disappears and there is no logical explanation for it 12 days later. It would be downright comical if it wasn't for all the presumably deceased people involved.
IMO its very believable ...given the large amount of incompetent people in the world and given the hit-and-miss nature of modern technology....ever curse at your wonderful cellphone or computer or cable tv? thats my point
I'd say we should take up a collection but all the survivors and their kin are going to be instant millionaires doing the happy dance.
I Heard it was orbiting around Saturn.
STOP TORTURING THE FAMILIES MR. OBAMA! TERRORIST INVESTIGATIONS OF THIS MAGNITUDE ARE HEADED BY THE US. EVERYTHING THEY HAVE FED THE MEDIA IS A LYING RUSE TO GET THE TERRORISTS TO CLAIM THIS CRIME. OBAMA IS UNECESSARILY TORTURING THESE FAMILIES BY HIDING THE TRUTH FROM THEM. THEY DESERVE TO KNOW THE TRUTH, EVEN IF YOU WANT TO KEEP LYING TO EVERYONE ELSE. THE TERRORISTS DON'T HAVE TO DIRECTLY CLAIM THIS BECAUSE IT'S ALREADY OBVIOUS TO "THE POWERS THAT BE", WHO DID THE CRIME. OBAMA IS JUST TRYING TO COVER HIS OWN REAR END BY GETTING A CONFESSION, BUT THEY'VE DONE SUCH A HORRIFIC JOB WITH THIS RUSE THAT IT'S PROBABLY NOT GOING TO HAPPEN. TELL THE FAMILIES THE TRUTH FOR GOD SAKE! THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE PILOT! IT WAS BLOWN UP BY TWO ISLAMIC TERRORISTS WHO CAME ABOARD WITH A BOMB. WHY IS IT SO HARD TO TELL THE TRUTH AT LEAST TO THE FAMALIES? YOU ALREADY FOUND THE DEBRIS THE FIRST DAY, SO STOP LYING AND PRETENDING YOU DIDN'T. TELL THEM! THIS LIE IS PLANNED AND ORCHESTRATED BY THE US UNDER OBAMA. IT IS PATHETIC. WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO, TORTURE THE FAMILIES FOREVER WITH YOUR SICKENING RUSE?
Get back on your meds, ms. kookoo cra cra, and unplug your computer
Wow, I think Linda may have just won the Stupid of the Day award.
@Linda - You are delusional. Take your meds and let the caretakers take you back to your room.
CNN now has fresh "news" to milk for another 24 hours. Why don't they just report it will and then wait for confirmation. Confirmation Dam it--I want confirmaton!!!
SYDNEY/KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Aircraft and ships ploughed through dire weather on Wednesday. And they have found remnants of the planes black box. Not much could be saved, However brief excerpts were recovered. Pilot: #$%$, maaaaan. That honky muf' be messin' mah old lady... got to be runnin' cold upside down his head, you know? Co pilot: Hey home', I can dig it. Know ain't gonna lay no mo' big rap up on you, man! Pilot: I say hey, sky... subba say I wan' see... Co Pilot: Uh-huh. Pilot: ...pray to J I did the same-ol', same-ol'! Co Pilot: Hey... knock a self a pro, Slick! That gray matter backlot perform us DOWN, I take TCB-in', man! Pilot: Hey, you know what they say: see a broad to get dat booty yak 'em... Pilot, and Co Pilot: ...leg 'er down a smack 'em yak 'em! Pilot: COL' got to be! Y'know? #$%$.
STOP with the BS and speculation already! Tell us when you actually have something.
It's all guess work anyhow....even if they do identify "pieces". Absurd to say at this point that the jet was intact when it hit the water....just absolute ego in most of the reporting these days.
It's been 2 weeks since the plane disappeared...a lot could've happened in that time. They could've landed somewhere and then ditched the plane later. Please don't be so quick to believe these people are dead.
if someone landed the plane and ditched it, why would they keep the passengers alive?
And what would they need with over 200 people?
fulfilling some biblical passage about slavery?
I don't know why they would keep them alive...maybe they aren't. Maybe only the ones that are useful to them are alive. Maybe they will be used as bait or hostages or to be killed at a later date. The Somali pirates keep their hostages alive...maybe they will be used as bargaining chips. Who knows, but hope is all these families have right now.
man i sure hope i never get stranded or suffer a plane crash. i always thought they would search endlessly to try and find the survivors. now its been almost 2 weeks and 10 friggin countries cant find one plane??? with all the satellites,gps and technology we have today??? they dont know shit about shit! this is turning out to be another bin laden search.
why is it when they find a possible piece of the plane or where they think it is nothing happens afterwards??? for instance if they think the plane is say in the ocean or on the coast somewhere,send navy seals and teams of army men to the exact location instantly. not just speculate that it could be there. go and friggn check!!!
Certainly, none of us wishful thinkers are hoping this latest find pans out. I'd still like them to locate the entire plane, intact with its cargo of precious people alive and well, the only explanation being that the pilot got a bit too drunk and wandered off course, inadvertently bumping the communications system off while possibly vomiting at the helm, but maybe he was making whoopee with a stewardess and...kersplash! Oops! Wasn't watching! Sorry!
I've believed all along that there never was anything suspicious about this whole story.I believe that somehow or another a large fire started on the plane and the pilot took the plane up to 45,000 feet to extinguish the flames then attempted to turn around to return to the airport.I think by taking the plane to that altitude it did him in too before he could report the incident.I then believe the plane continued to run until it ran out of fuel.Hopefully the debris that's been spotted will turn out to be wreckage from the plane and all these silly theories can be put to rest and the families will finally receive the closure they need to be at peace.
does not explain why he deliberately turned the transponder off....my theory (slow leak of air that caused ataxia and death) also does not account for the fact that he turned off the transponder and turned the plane into a known flight path towards India and then turned it again after it crossed into the Indian Ocean. More and more it looks like death by pilot.
You do realize, do you not, that your own theory is just another of the silly theories?
no airplane can fly for seven hours with a fire none.
It amazes me that the government can locate a glass of pizza in the woods or a slice of milk, but they can't locate a huge plane lol.
Justin, a glass of pizza and a slice of milk? Ha Ha, LOL! But remember our government is more concerned with what the U.S. citizens are up to (NSA). It's apparent that our military satellites are aimed at our house and now we must rely on commercial companies to watch our backs. :)
"Investigators believe that someone with detailed knowledge of both the Boeing 777-200ER and commercial aviation navigation switched off the plane's communications systems..." They also believe, and are almost certain, the plane was flying up in the air.
This was most likely an evil act done in the name of religion. Religion of any kind is the single most destructive force known to man. The evil acts committed in the name of religion is endless, yet the list of good that has come from any religion is pretty much non-existent.
This plane has been abducted by aliens. This may be the first real proof that they exist and all knowledge will be given to us if we locate them.
Yep, an advanced culture with sufficient knowledge to develop speed-of-light propulsion systems and space travel steals one of our airplanes. You nailed it.
People want this story to be really interesting in the end and won't accept that it was a malfunction and crash. The same people probably think a 100 year old Elvis is alive and doing concerts for strippers with Michael Jackson and Tupac in Tunisia.
Drone flyovers should be carried out due to the distance. U.S., with its vast supply of drones, could provide coverage of the entire area. Instead of spying on the innocent, provide relief to the families and friends!
SURE! and Alka Seltzer provides relief.
isn't it Amazing US/Aus/NZ found this debris at the very end of that Satellite coordinate point. Why would this plane go in a circle, not even crossing a 5 degree mark?. they are not giving the corrdinates to the Malaysians. May be they wanted to go to Beijing via the south pole ?. No one is giving any coverage to the Maldives report. perhaps too close to US base Diego-Garcia ?
Obama will take the credit if the jet is ever found.
And blame everyone else if it's not.
On the other hand, imagine how Bush must have felt having to admit Iraq never had WMDs after all?!! Obama=1 Bush=0
@Lloyd: Who's to say that they never had them? Get a clue dummy...
Lloyd is the Internet Buffoon......you can see him on other sites praying for his black King. He has no brains, they were destroyed by WMD, he doesn't know Bush was only trying to help him, instead, he turned his back on him and joined his little black puppet leader, for free handouts that he never got....how sad.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news IMBECILES, but Bush admitted it himself! Do you have better intelligence sources that can refute what he said about Iraq not having them? If you don`t have better intelligence sources than Bush had, then common sense says you have to believe Bush over a dunce like you!! But then again, we shouldn`t speak on the subject of common sense, because that is a topic that you and Obozo are obviously not very familiar with!! I happen to own two very successful businesses, so I don`t know what you are running your MAN PLEASER about Obozo. I guess you are just trying to prove to everyone how much of UNCE, you are, coupled with the fact you like to partake in conversations you know nothing about! You can help it if your daddy met your mommy at a family reunion. can you DUNCE!!
You two LOSERS are more than welcome to go to youtube, and type the following into the search bar............................"Bush on no WMDs". You will only get about 330000 hits that will gladly show you video footage of him admitting exactly what I stated concerning them not having WMDs! While you are at it, also on youtube, type the following into the search bar................................."Bush warned ahead of time about 9/11 attacks" Look for the middle aged blonde lady, her name is Susan Lindauer. She was a CIA agent that worked at the united nations, specifically regarding Iraq and Afghanistan. What she has to say will really infuriate you LOSERS that seem to love Bush, and being a CIA agent, she would certainly know what she is talking about. She says Bush and Cheney knew about the attacks in April 2001, and deliberately allowed that attacks to happen, to fulfill the motives to take us to war! youtube............."bush warned about 9/11 attacks"..........................Susan Lindauer.............. I don't care if you LOSERS check it out or not, I put it out there for everyone else so they could see the CLOWNS you two MAGGOTS truly are!
Hey dumb (fu(ck). Just because they weren't there when we got around to looking, doesn't mean that they were never there. I know this is difficult for you, but think about it.
Unfortunately for you DUNCE, YOU SOCIALLY CHALLENGED IMBECILE, I refuse to have a duel of wits with an unarmed DUNCE! That said I am sure your worthless excuse for a wife must be very proud of the laughing stock MAGGOT she has in you, but then again, I am just as sure that used up piece of chit is just as worthless as you are DUNCE! Any so called man that would nail that nasty used up fish pot, is too lazy to jekroff!!! They were never there, and wasn`t found! Bush himself ADMITS they didn`t have any! Where is your PROOF THEY WERE THERE? PROVE IT! Divulge your source of information, and where it can be VERIFIED! If you can`t do that, then shut your MAN PLEASER boy, and stop displaying your IGNORANCE in a public forum............DUNCE! I don`t care about opinions and speculation, what people care about, are the FACTS! PROVE IT DUNCE, or shut your MAN PLEASER!
Typical liberal response. You cannot support your argument so all you have left is name calling and insults at a 4th graders level. Well, at least that's consistent with your education. So, thank you for validating my point and conceding your loss, dumb (a)ss. Come on back if you ever need to be schooled again...
I don't think the story is as complex as the news is reporting it. I think the plane just had a malfunction and ended up crashing at night in the water.
That far away? And in that direction? After flying for over 7 hours?
I heard the plane had enough fuel on board to fly for at LEAST that long.
How could there a discernible oil slick? They would have had little to no fuel left.
That's an excellent point. While most engines do have oil and fuel it would have to be a lot to be noticed.
Engine(s) oil, hydraulic fluids, other oils & lubricants (non-fuel).
I just hope they find the damn thing because the unknown has to be horrible for the friends and family back home. Jesus, I can't even imagine what those poor people are going through.
Jordan imagine what the actually passengers went through instead.
Oriental Muslims are a good as any other Muslim in the world.
WELL NOW WE KNOW - - - That's who the terro's are that took over this plane - The very people - who now are saying we need to rush the GPS systems on public Air-transportation - so they can make billions - and be able to track everybody flying - and as you see they can program the auto pilots - somebody not confirming to what - there common good - world doms - don't like - easy to get rid of you now - if you fly...
uh..why don't you sober up and try again....
I'm guessing you are the same person that believes Symantec and McAfee create viruses too?
Are you kidding me??? NASA can track a landing module all the way to Mars but can't find a #$%$ plane in the ocean somewhere..this whole story stinks of cover-up. So sad the p#$%$engers and their families are left to suffer.
Its not in the ocean. Ever go swimming with your phone, or drop it in water? I have and it stopped working instantly. That means when you call its off so it wouldn't ring. So why were there phones reported ringing by some relatives? Unless their phones are different.
Depends on your carrier. Mine can be set to ring 5 times when turned off before going to voice mail.
I have always heard that satellites can see your licence plates. how come they can't see better quality pictures?? I'll just say BS in return to your future disgust of me, prove it!!
The code named Kennan "Keyhole-class" (KH) reconnaissance satellites have been orbiting the Earth for more than 30 years. They are typically used to take overhead photos for military missions.
You told me nothing other than they take picuters, I knew that already! Thanks for educating me!!
I heard China had 20 satellites( maybe they lied?) plus other countries that must be alot! Google lets me see my house from about 500 feet maybe more!! Sorry, your response just doesn't hold water!!
I realize the photos from google are 2-3-4 years old , please tell me something I don't all ready Know, like something new!!
Joel, when things are "floating" below the surface of the water,(in this case supposedly several thousand meters down), nothing can get a clear image with the exception of a submersible.
I hope that they find something. It is probably someones boat or a house from a typhoon. I am really going to be surprised if they don't start looking somewhere else next week. It just seems like it's been weeks that we hear everyday they think they have solved it only to say they were mistaken at a later date. I think that the malaysian government is likely to blame it on Aliens next
I'll bet what they found was just a clump of debris thats been going through our oceans since the japan tsunami. Its been washing ashore for years. This is just a diversion to keep us guessing.
I'd bet theres a better chance they are yours OBOZO.
Yep. Throw some plane parts into the ocean and that will satisfy the curiosity of those ignorant unprivileged in the world. What do they need the truth for anyways? THEY CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH!
was kinda thinking about that,althou Antarctica is farther than it could fly,maybe passengers got picked up by other civilization that lives in that region,if so there in good hands.might not get to see them any longer has they cant let there presents be known just yet.
A piece with 24m long of a plane sunk. Is inable to keep afloat.
Is it just me or does the media desperately want to make a story of the plane crashing into the ocean above any other, much more likely scenario? Why are they trying so hard to ignore facts in order to stick with their "plane went down due to malfunctions" cover line? Not a single commercial airlines pilot believes this #$%$. Every pilot interviewed regarding the facts of the case is almost certain the plane was hijacked and stolen.
It's just you wanting it to be something else.
No, it's just me looking at all the facts and ruling out the least likely scenarios. But I guess you think a very large commercial jet can disappear for over a week, manually turn off their communications, shut off the passengers ability to make phone calls, and continue flying for 6-7 hours... because they just wanted to crash the plane. A simple nose dive would have sufficed.
I could see a suicidal pilot wanting to enjoy one last flight turning off communications and heading out over the ocean.
There were two pilots. Odds of them both wanting to commit suicide on the same flight? I prefer to think less in terms of 'possibilities' and focus more on 'probabilities'. After all, it's also 'possible' that the plane entered a time rift and teleported into the future... or the plane was captured by an Alien mother ship. 'Possibilities' are usually a waste of time.
The debris is practically on the spot opposite Beijing along the same fly path. Even the same distance. As if the systems had gone haywire and turned the plane 180 degrees right after take-off.
A credible lead ? We all know what happened. Muslims took the 777 to Pakistan. Why play this shell game in the South Pacific?
You got it. It's a shipping container that fell off a ship. They say it is in between 75' and 82' long. 80' is 2 shipping containers that got caught together end-to-end as they fell overboard. It can't be a part of the plane as the plane was fueled for a 2,817 miles journey. If you factor in extra fuel for holding or an emergency divert to another airport, you're talking maybe 3,200 miles at most (it's too expensive to carry gobs of extra fuel). The spot on the satellite photo they are showing is 43°58'34"S 90°57'37"E, which from wheels up at KLIA, the journey would be 4,048 miles. Too far. Final destination? Lahore, Pakistan: 3,168 miles.
Last I heard the plane was last known to be heading north. Of course you want to check next to Australia...
BIM, eat a bullet you little cum gargling turd burgler
BIM, in a battle of wits, you are unarmed. A village is missing it's idiot in Latvia, go back to your village. If brains were rain, you would be a desert. If I wanted to hear from an #$%$ I'd fart. What's it's like to be deprived of oxygen at birth? If I wanted schizzer from you I would squeeze your head. Is everyone from Latvia a #$%$? Obviously. And stay of Boston you muzzie filth.
Thailand just reported a nuclear missile passing through their airspace. If anyone asks them, they will track it's destination.
Stop looking in the Water and start looking on land! You can all laugh at me now but you won't be laughing when the plane hits a Major City loaded with a Chemical Weapon!
go back to your cell terrorist.
I highly doubt they will stop looking until they find it. And you know what? They are going to find it in the last place they look!
If pilot suicide, maybe deliberately done in a way to make discovery as difficult as possible. Even that seems inadequate to explain what happened, though.
Perfect. Another PAN-AM type cover up by US ~~ ?? Only for US, NZ & Australia. They do not want to share this info or the location with over 10 other countries. I wonder why?. Those 3 with UK & Canada are part of "Five Eyes" alliance. Involved in NSA spaying in Southeast Asian countries recently. Now FBI/CIA is also involved. Just like the Panam. I wonder any of those people in Maldives island , (700 miles north of US military base - Diego Garcia" ) who said they saw a huge plane flying low are alive now. ~~~~
So the NSA is neutering the Asian population?
Sounds like you need to have your head examened.
Don't be silly. The repercussions from this tragedy will be enormous and politically end economically devastating. Wise up, Liza.
Liza, you can't really believe the asinine babble you just typed....
Any of you know the real truth about PANAM crash ?. Still getting info from CNN, FOX & the rest ?. What a tragedy ?? If any of you commented on my post is from US, then think about it ok. Just read the facts & tell whether what i said was true or not. very simple. if you can not do that & want my head examined that shows you son't have any Brains in your head , people ~~~ Bin-Laden knew Cheney was doing NORAD war games on 911. So called most technologically advance country in the world, we could not detect those 4 planes after they switch off the transponder & flew almost 1hr . We could not send the fighters from the closest airbase but send 2 from a base some 100 miles away. How logically Advance is that ???. Search for "Operation Gladio" if any of you brain-dead people want to know why we are in Ukraine ok.
USA, China, Aussies, Russia etc. better get OFF THEIR REARS and find where this plane landed -- send out recon military to scour/land at these remote airfields NOW. Because if these TERRORISTs stole a plane with 200+ people -- they'll use it to deliver a nuke and DARE countries to shoot it down.
paranoid much? Jew - Republican? yep
Fist of all, there aren't likely any Jewish Republicans posting on here - most Jews are libs - secondly, you sound obsessed with Jews - thirdly, you have been smoking too much wacky tabacky.
I remember #$%$ Cheney showing satellite images of Saddam showing him with his hand in his pocket. He stated we could see his change in his hand. So imaging has not improved in all these years. Our DOD has stated to Congress their satellite network covers the earth. All of a sudden we are blind ?? Must be a good reason we are not helping.......
Due to the recession, we can't afford to cover the southern hemisphere.
To Video Guy/ One of those countries near Australia, don't want our US Planes to fly over their Air Space.
I can't understand why we wouldn't have billions of dollars in technology covering 2/3 of the world that is water between Australia and Antarctica and has no weapons there....can you?
This whole thing is a lot of baloney. Why would a chunk of aircraft be floating? This is a piece of tsunami garbage floating around. That jet is safely in Pakistan.
So tsunami debris floats but airplane debris doesn't? See anything wrong with your logic?
I thought that they reported the tail of a 777 was found off the coast of Thailand by two low-flying Vietnamese planes. What's the deal with that? Was it verified as Malaysian Flight MH370 or not?
Obviously not or you would have heard about it........duh.
These were spotted 4 days ago, why the wait? Everything about this is stupid.
I hope this is it. These families need some closure.
The media is going overboard on this. Anything to keep our attention diverted from the new trade agreements the House is passing along to a Senate who will also approve it. It's called the TPP. Disastrous for the USA economy, it must be kept muted until it's passage.
So governments can track cell phones but they cant track a passenger airliner plane.
Andrew is just another FUX NEWS idiot!
Haha Danielle your just mad cause you look like a ugly #$%$ guy
The media is just a vulture leech blood sucking systematic tool of distraction and misdirection.
Is that what I said dipster? You must want to be a journalist twisting the meaning. Nope. Only they should report facts, not continual garbage speculation.
Bet ya it flew to the southern Maldives and refueled, then went on to Pakistan or Iran.
Hundreds of Millions of Dollars to find a pile of junk or a container of free condoms for african monkeys.
your parents wish they had a decent offspring....
I keep seeing these Ex FBI,Ex CIA Clowns on TV talking about the Motive behind the Crash, Does an Electrical Fire need a Motive?
Does it turn off electronics and turn the plain, which continues on for hundreds of miles, without burning up or shutting down too?
The pilots were attempting to return before being overcome,& yes there has been many cases where planes have flown thousand of miles with Dead Pilots.
Don't forget about the recent Lithium battery fires Boeing had on their Brand New Stinking Dreamliner.
Just like Trayvon story where people got riled up off of elaborate media bad reports... The same thing has happened with this tragedy. Pushing too much crazy conspiracies. Why not say "Well a mechanical error was likely at fault. We will report the facts as they actually come in..." Idiots of American media.
It's been long enough in time for the government to plant a broken down plane in the middle of nowhere. Don't be fooled. That plane landed somewhere and this will be the coverup.
You watch too much Fox news lies
LOL! I never watch Fox, or any major news network, for that matter.
Hopfully this is solid lead, the families need to know for their peace of mind and a certain amount of closure. If the transponder can't be recovered, they may never know why it happened, but at least the families can start to move on.
THESE NEWS NETWORKS GAVE SO MUCH KNOWLEDGE TO THE TERRORISTS, THAT NOW THEY CAN HIJACK AN AIRLINE VERY EASY, THANK YOU NEWS NETWORKS.
Guess it's time to ensure No muslims are pilots of commercial planes and maybe time to not let them fly as passengers either.
My opinion: sudden fire (electrical or otherwise) that overcame the passengers and crew. The a/c my have flown on autopilot for a period and/or plunged nose-first into the water. Most likely all died before or on impact. End of story. can we please get back to real news like Miley Cyris' piercings or Justin Bieber's escapades???
nope..... sorry, but thats not what happen. and that's my opinion.
Come on Hillary, say it again. I triple dog dare you!
When you have a plane full of Chinese folks, one can imagine someone on the plane is a target by its own government for whatever reason.
Since the search for the plane started, the International Monetary Fund has killed thousands of children. On purpose. As part of "economic restructuring" plans. And now back to your scheduled programming.
What part of a 777, made mostly of aluminum, would still be floating after eight days? I doubt this is part of Flight 370, no matter what various governments finally tell us.
"The methodical shutdown of the communications systems, together with the fact that the plane appeared to be following a planned course after turning back" Why follow a planned course if your only goal is to ditch the plane?
If it was ANYTHING of significance- It would have been picked up on radar. Another false lead.
Not everything will show up on radar.
So how many survivors have been announced so far?
OMG I FOUND THE MISSING VIBRATING PLANES SIMULATOR AT A PORN SHOP 3 BLOCKS FROM MY HOUSE!
At least the FBI is helping in the investigation. Is the Malayseian police helping the FBI with the investigation of the assault at Benghazi?
Everything is a nail if you are a hammerhead.
I think the copilot was having another cabin party full of wild women and all the button got kicked around that's my theory.
Some #$%$ sat on the control panel and short circuited the computer.
Freedom of religion and separation of church and state-only thing that makes U.S. better than any nation on earth. By the way-Jesus was NOT white. Jesus was also of middle-east descent.
Jesus' mother Mary was part British. Mary's mother Ann was from Cornwall England.
Wait, what?? I thought this article was about a missing plane..
what exactly does any of that have to do with an article about a missing 777? and Jesus (if he existed) was Jewish..
Yeah cause the States is all about seperation of church and state lol
What does being Muslim have to do with being nuts?
There is nothing that would be 79 feet by 40 feet in a rectangle shape from the aircraft that would be floating.
I'll wait for confirmation. The news media, again, has made a circus out of a horrific situation! God bless and be w/the families of those on board this plane!
Either 1) The plane never existed in the first place this is just an exercise gone wrong or is designed to see what capabilities other countries have; or, 2) The plane was hijacked and taken to some location and not wanting to lose face or scare the public countires are lying and not telling us the truth; or 3) the plane did go down in the ocean and these countries already know all live lost and are just keeping this on to distract from Russia's resurgence as a super power.
I suspect this is it. Also, that whoever was at the controls first asphyxiated the passengers and flight attendants, then committed suicide by crashing the 777 on the sea.
I feel for the families but chances are this plane is for sure at the bottom of the Indian Ocean. Now with this two new objects being found. Why is it we can Google Earth a house or business right down to the street but we cannot get pictures of something like this floating on or just under the ocean water? I just do not understand unless something really bad is once again being covered up.
Google Earth updates pics once every several months, if not years. What you're asking them to do would require them to update all pictures at least every minute of everyday, which is pretty much impossible to do.
Shame YOU don't understand that Google Earth is NOT pictures taken NOW, but archived pictures taken months or years previous!
OBAMA-ALL YOU NEED ARE DRONES TO GET RID OF THE MUSLIMS-THEY CAUSED THIS!! YOU SAT ON YOUR HAUNCHES (PROBABLY GOLFING) FOR 12 DAYS AND NOW YOU BLOW OUR MONEY TO SEND PLANES, JETS, FREIGHTERS!!! THE BOTTOM LINE IS YOU ONLY NEED TO LOOK AT THE FACT>THE PILOTS ARE MUSLIM TERRORISTS!!!
YOU ARE MORE IGNORANT THAN ANY MUSLIM I EVER HEARD OFF
I keep telling you, it was Aliens that did it.
Remember Flight TWA 800. 20 people saw the plane blow up form rocket hits and the Gov still denies it. That was either a terrorist hit or a military mistake.
Don't report junk being spotted in the ocean unless you discover it's really what you are looking for. Another thing, WHY is Michelle Obama and her girls and her mother vacationing now in China? Travel on Air Force ONe?
Chewbacca hasn't traveled on the tax payer credit card in nearly a month! She needs her rest you know.
so this is the story they are going with to blow off the 2 commercial fishermen.
In other news, the NCAA Tourney has started, time to focus now on more important events! Thanks
I wonder why the investigators have not mentioned or given explanation of WHY another plane, the KAL672, had the same disappearance from radar at the same time, as plane MH370. That other KAL672 at the same latitude as MH370, went back and returned to its regular flight destination. Why KAL672 returned, why it is not mentioned anymore? Anyway, NOW THEY SHOULD BE LOOKING FOR SURVIVORS AT COCOS ISLANDS.
A 2.5 hour search by the Aussies in a P-3. US crews typically do 12 hour patrols, brief and debrief makes for about a 16 hour day. Well, maybe the guys had to get back to home base for tea and crumpets or maybe even happy hour at the club. Anyway kangroos, good hunting.
Norman isn't your moniker really MORON!!!
This is without a doubt, a tragedy. But, there's other events going on in this country and throughout the world that are even more important. Has the entire news media turned into one huge reality show dealing only with limitless and most times ridicules opinions of what has happened and what will happen? Rather than balance out their coverage with other even more important issues? Russia invaded the Ukraine. America has a dictator elect who's on the threshold of turning this once great nation into a communist state. Unemployment hasn't been like this since the great depression. Our healthcare now deathcare system will soon achieve one of its objective of ridding Obama's utopia of the sick and infirmed. Researchers have stopped advancing towards medial cures because of funding cuts. Our military will soon be a memory. China, Russia, North Korea and Iran are building up their nuclear weapons stockpile. While Obama continues to dismantle ours. We have members of the Muslim Brotherhood and at least one person convicted, yes convicted, of aiding Al-Kaida now working in the White House and others holding important positions in this administration. We have a congress who has in all reality aligned itself with Obama's fundamental transformation. And to top it off we have millions of low information, ignorant, and in some cases, downright stupid voters who haven't a clue. And, when they finally do, it will be too late.
I have seen plenty of news on the other subjects you mention. Maybe you need to pay more attention to things other than just this one story.
I see that ten people believe the plane is thee most important issue or tragic issue this nation has. How about the seven or eight million Ukrainian people who through the years were exterminated by communist leaders? Ten domo / socialist. Obama supporters who have shown their ability to weigh the importance of every situation. Their logic is the very same logic that brought Obama to power and will no doubt like to see him remain there. WWI didn't receive as mush coverage as this missing plane. If it were loader with illegal aliens, I could also understand their illogical, no, insane rationale.
Conspiracy theorists will take anything and try and use it to promote their stupidity won't they? Paranoid freaks... Oh noes! The world is out to get us! Everything is a false flag and conspiracy because we don't understand it!
Let me explain this so you less intelligent people can understand!!! This plane did not crash on land or in the ocean!!! If the black boxes are not pinging this plane is on the ground in some other country, period!!!
Who said the "black box" isn`t pinging? Everyone with any knowledge that I have heard talk about that subject, has said you have to be within a certain radius of it to pick up the signal. Once you detect even the slightest pinging from it, the pinging obviously gets louder the closer you zero in on it! I absolutely doubt it is in another country, and totally believe it is in the ocean, and just hasn`t been found yet.....PERIOD!!! That said, I promise you that I will absolutely remember this exchange between you and I, and will be looking you up when the plane is found in the OCEAN, and revisiting this conversation with you!!!!!
The truth is if the passengers had a gun, they would of did a rolling dive taking out the crazy pilots with 2 perfect shots all the while jumping into the flight chairs and pulling the plain back up from nose dive at the last seconds.
Photos with the blondes same party behavior as the 9/11 killers who went to strip bars, etc before big Jihad.
No way in Hell ANYONE should be able to turn off the transponder. Period, end of story. It comes on when the key goes in the ignition, and stops when the key comes out. (Yes I know there is no ignition key. For you liberals, it's called a figure of speech.)
Wrong. You can turn it off by turning 2 dials to the off position. It really is that simple. Pilots turn it on to take off and off when they land. They have this ability in case of an electrical short and fire in the control panel. I agree perhaps this should be automated from the ground - but this is not a political issue of conservatives vs liberals. This is about planes and aviation engineering. Sheesh.
I know they can turn it off. That is the problem. I am saying there should be No Way for them to turn it off in flight. ONLY on the ground, with the engines OFF, can it be disabled, NEVER in flight.
The simplest explanation is usually most accurate. Plane malfunctioned, autopilot took over. Crashed into the ocean. Unfortunate accident
Hope they find the plane, but what are Obama's final four picks again?
I hope this isn't it. Its better if the mystery continues. If this turns out to be it the world will stop caring pretty quick.
I have learned not to believe what the MSM on any subject. I would not be surprised if this is a cover up by the administration to assure that this is not classified as an act of terrorism. Now if there was a conservative American on board that would be a different story. It would be the crazy right wing nut job did it.
I want to thank all of the commentators on this article. I did not see one poster spell the word, loser, as looser. Thank you.
Just wait a while. There are a lot of loosers on these message boards. Someone is bound to slip up.
Cosmick has to go through life with only 2 inches, what a looser.
Tammy, I believe you're right. Cosmick is one of those guys who turns to hatred and profanity to compensate for his lack of education and manhood. What a classic looser!!!
@ 2 inch's o what you stupid b#tch? Im a woman dumb #$%$!! Youre the loser. You simple minded POS!!!
MELVIN....you 2 inch pencil d#ck Fatherless F@G hillbilly B#TCH! ! TAMMY..you hairy cave white woman dumbb#tch. Go shave your hairy legs and back and STFU!!#
Cosmick, I feel sorry for you but your actions have definitely placed you in the looser category. I encourage you to recognize what you are and take the appropriate steps to improve yourself. Your local library can put you in touch with remedial education programs. A GED might provide the first step on the path of improvement. The county health department and charitites offer free or reduce rates for counseling. This will help you get better control of your hate issue. You don't have to be a looser all your life. It's up to you but I think you can do. Come on Cosmick, make me proud!!!
MELVIN....youre pathetic. And so is your b#tch Tammy. Neither one of you know me. Do you seriously think I give a flying #$%$ what the hell you think about me? lol!! Go to hell!!
Tammy felt she could chastise me on a misspelled word on another post. The word was LYING. So im cursing the b#tch out. You got involved and so Melvin you get cursed out too.
Cosmick, Please contact the mental health service in your area. With the proper counseling you'll learn how to communicate without curse words. Also, the remedial classes may increase your vocabulary so you know the proper words to use. You will be the talk of your trailer park as you move up the social ladder. Before you know it, you'll be able to socialize with people that have jobs and responsibilities in life. I know it sounds like an impossible dream but every journey starts with a single step. I have faith in you !!!!
Melvin...LOL!! Youre an #$%$ hole!! And a (w) hole #$%$!! Bye Bye Loser!
In Malaysia 'sodomy' accusations are often used to destroy very honorable people...someone on this flight (pilot or co-pilot) was being accused and decided upon suicide. Having been there on business..I saw a prime minister have his live destroyed. this was suicide...no other explanation comes even close.
Why isn't someone taking aircraft parts from the Arizona aircraft graveyard the size of these parts they keep finding in the ocean but are false leads and go to Salt Lake City and float them there and see how long the longest ones willl stay on top of water? We can check that with such a simple test for all to see.
the plane is gone, it's deep in the Pacific ocean and will never be found. The news media is just milking the story for everything it can get. Nothing here, move on
Trying to cover up the Obama trail of problems with this story
NASA satellites can see a light year or a billion... trillion... zillion... in what ever "lion" kilometers of distance but i wonder why they can't see much turd or a debris in plane on our planet.
Derp derp...I want to return this telescope, I cannot see stars when I use it at high noon...derp derp.
wow smoken, youse talked some weally weally big wurds , so eyezzza tink you izzza weally weally smart cuz doze ar weally weally big wurds
This is all B/S and another wasted effort & resauces,If it was a fire in the hold smoke alarms would have tripped other alarms, this size of debries is to large, just sea chop would have bent it back and forth till it cracked into smaller pieces, look at the location, where were they heading the south pole? I have said this for two weeks now even with a confirmed email to CNN, this plane landed in southern Iran on a remote air strip with refueling capability, however the mostly muslim search teams & Obama dont want to mention the words Iran & Islam in the same sentance, however the Isrealies say this has the hands of Iran & terrorist written all over it.
It rained in Israel yesterday and that had to be Iran's fault also. Netanyahu is just another right wing loon. I guess we could blame Iran for that too.
Good to see someone is keeping the world governments honest, malcolm. Btw, where is Jimmy Hoffa and who killed Kennedy?
it was done by a pilot convicted of a crime and was about to go to prison. he killed himself, and everyone on that plane.
gotta love Americans, anytime someone speaks something that's different from mainstream media, people call him a nutjob. Yes Americans, we live in such a perfect world.
Christoph, my mainstream media is BBC...
Maybe the Japanese whaling ships could help. They should be in that part of the world at this time of year illegally killing whales.
Who says it is illegal to kill an whale?
in the whale sanctuary the world does.
Faux News is working now at discrediting the Satellite photos of the debris,that's Funny because I haven't seen any photos of the plane in Pakistan to discredit?
It looks like a shipping container, squared on the ends, straight, equidistant lines, and oblong.
question: How did all this bid Debris get all the way down there look at a map. The Malaysia Island and the Indian Ocean throw all the other Island and rock and current's? Look at a map to see where all this had to go through.
It flew there before the plane crashed. Duh!
The media has really blown it on this one. Just another example of just how inept they really are.
Ya, cause everyone saying we don't know because it's a really big ocean when they don't know and it's a really big ocean is just blowing it...
Bingo. It really is a big ocean and we don't know. So, stop with the ridiculous speculation until you do know.
But that's all anyone is saying is we don't know. The only difference is you're saying it on yahoo, and they broadcast.
It will be such a sad moment for The American Taliban (so called "christians" in OUR country) when the plane is finally discovered. All that effort and running back and forth between trailers hoping to drum up more hysteria and conspiracy will be sadly extinguished.
you are a hate filled bigot
NO the American Taliban is what's hate filled with bigotry.
I'm sure the Republicans in "Merica think Obama is behind this.
I know that part of Australia's ocean they are looking and Great White Sharks the size of a bus have been know to fly 40 feet in the air to munch on low flying aircraft for a snack, good luck and hunker down folks.
If it was a fire in the cockpit, why did the pilot say "All right. Good night" just after turning off the transponder? Is that protocol for fighting fires?
could have just been a friendly way of saying talk to you later.
It was probably cold in the cockpit and they were trying to get warmed up.
How did they figure out 9-11 in 12 hours, yet it takes weeks to discover this? This is what happens when the NSA watches you instead taking care of "National Security".
I believe the US government knows exactly where the plane is and exactly what happened to it. They monitor everyones phone calls and can track anyone. It doesnt make sense that they dont track everything flying everywhere in the world.
It makes sense if your belief that the US government tracks everyone and everything is false.
the only thing n your post that makes sense is the part "it doesn't make sense".....
You've got to love the new media. They put a sign on a picture and label it as a POSSIBLE OBJECT. As apposed to what? A possible illusion ?
I'm bored with this story line. Let us know when you can actually confirm finding the plane.
a plane has propellers a JET has jet engines
it's all about keeping you entertained. go read tmz if you're so bored.
They are boats full of illegal Cubans. They were heading to Florida and got lost.
Is anyone else getting tired of the obsessive coverage this missing plane is getting from the media?
In the South we call them Stories.
I can see it now, Taliban, Al Qada or some group from pakistan. If you are planning something just do it already stop using other countries as a excuse to cover up your next move. You played this game with a guy hiding in a cave for years, you did this with sadam now a missing plane and a visit to the pilots house, can't wait to hear this BS when it comes to the light.
They need to make up their minds. Was the plane flying low in which case the cell phones would work Or was it high in altitude so calls could not be made? They can't have it both ways. To many chiefs not enough Indians.
Once you're that far out in the ocean, it doesn't matter. There are no cell towers.
I HOPE YOU ARE JUST KIDDING. There are still many places in the U.S.A without cellular coverage. I am telling you that the Indian Ocean is has no cell towers.
Midnight Rider-- What? Do you think they carry a Phone Tower with them????
STOP TORTURING THE FAMILIES MR. OBAMA! TERRORIST INVESTIGATIONS OF THIS MAGNITUDE ARE HEADED BY THE US. EVERYTHING THEY HAVE FED THE MEDIA IS A LYING RUSE TO GET THE TERRORISTS TO CLAIM THIS CRIME. OBAMA IS UNECESSARILY TORTURING THESE FAMILIES BY HIDING THE TRUTH FROM THEM. THEY DESERVE TO KNOW THE TRUTH, EVEN IF YOU WANT TO KEEP LYING TO EVERYONE ELSE. THE TERRORISTS DON'T HAVE TO DIRECTLY CLAIM THIS BECAUSE IT'S ALREADY OBVIOUS TO "THE POWERS THAT BE", WHO DID THE CRIME. OBAMA IS JUST TRYING TO COVER HIS OWN REAR END BY GETTING A CONFESSION, BUT THEY'VE DONE SUCH A HORRIFIC JOB WITH THIS RUSE THAT IT'S PROBABLY NOT GOING TO HAPPEN. TELL THE FAMILIES THE TRUTH FOR GOD SAKE. THIS LIE IS PLANNED AND ORCHESTRATED BY THE US UNDER OBAMA. IT IS PATHETIC.
off your meds again I see
I wonder if their just using Google Earth images of the ocean? I think Google doesn't update but every 2 or 3 years.
Well that's it this was foul play most likely from Bad Muslim. That one race of humans you can not trust.... just look at how they treat there woman it's discussing. They treat them like an old dog they don't want. they are not afraid to hide behind Muslim babys, Muslim woman they are just plan cowards all of them,,, But if you think about it if I was a muslim I would want to off my self too... to be a muslim is to be a scummy kind of person they have an IQ less then a dog... they are the lowest kind of loser you could find on this planet...something about that religion makes a person real stupid and that too bad cause they can be some of the nicest people in the world but, mix in muslin faith and you got the making of a real zombie. I hope when the world finds out that Iran is behind this. they come down real hard on them...
LOL ... you are being funny right? I am a Muslim and I dont remotely feel like offing myself, and my IQ is definitely higher than you
A Muslim terrorist would look for glory, to be a martyr for Allah, they would want to "advertise" what they have done. I maybe wrong, but I do not believe this fits their profile
Islam = submission. if you were chosen to "off" yourself Izwana, and you chickened out, you would not be a "good" muslim.
It's Obozo's fault....King of the filthy, smelly, Muslims.
Whenever a Muslim is involved with an airplane, get ready for the onslaught of Islamophobia from spoiled white Americans who refuse to be aware of their white privilege; to be racist #$%$ on the internet safe behind their computers.
Face the facts. Two muslim flying plane = IQ of two dogs.. Flying at nite stupid! Turn left and flying the plane another 4hrs until fall into ocean wiping them self out and 264 innocent people real stupid!! Muslim take over a plane and killing innocent people Stupid, stupid, stupid!!! after two wars US wipe out 2 million stupid muslim. when China find out what these stupid muslim did it could be twice that number China doesn't mess around. easy fix ban all muslin from all flight. And if they must fly make them fly Allah airlines so they can crash there own planes and stop killing innocent people.....
Yes, please, no more night flights-hard to see in the dark. Wow-just defies belief.
Islamophobia?? I do not see, Christians, buddists or any religion other then Islam killing themselves and other
There is a theory that the Malaysian government shot down the plane when it was over their air space. Cover up then ensued.
It is just a theory. Is that your theory, or someone elses? If it is someone elses, who is your source of information?
My theory is that the 2 pilots were having a man on man encounter in the lavatory, and accidentally got locked out of the cockpit. It's embarrassing really-no wonder the airline didn't want to mention it.
I hope next time you and your family is in same situation. Trust me you will.
I'll be flying in a plane where the pilot wants to kill me?
I think we'll be seeing this plane again in the near future crashing into some major city filled with explosives. I hope I'm wrong.
When the plane ran out of fuel, there was but one place to go - into the sea. FOX News wants so much for this to be a terrorist act, so they can milk it for the rest of 2014. Langoliers.
Pretty obvious it was a terror attck no matter where they find the plane. Makes you pretty stupid. Waht makes you think it could be anything else but a terrorist attck. You are proof the Dept of Ed should be shut down
There has been one credible scenario that would make sense, in which fire caused the communication failures, permitted the course change to nearer airports, and then decompressed and killed everyone while leaving the plane flying until it ran out of fuel.
Bob, been reading the "how to be an Obama soldier" handbook? Chapter four ....always attack and bring FOX into the article. You are dang good! No compassion for the families and keep attacking FOX. Maybe you already got your daily e-mail on what to post from the wannabe dictator. So are both your arms broken and no family or friends to change the station to MSNBC?
Maybe a terrorist stole the plane.
Wow, that has been said about a million times !!!!!
Our government is tracking this comment as I type it, but can't locate a rogue US-built jumbo jet. Shows you were their security priorities are.
Stop torturing the families mr. Obama! Terrorist investigations of this magnitude are headed by the us. Everything they have fed the media is a lying ruse to get the terrorists to claim this crime. Obama is unnecessarily torturing these families by hiding the truth from them. They deserve to know the truth, even if you want to keep lying to everyone else. The terrorists don't have to directly claim this because it's already obvious to "the powers that be", who did the crime. Obama is just trying to cover his own rear end by getting a confession, but they've done such a horrific job with this ruse that it's probably not going to happen. Tell the families the truth for god sake! this has nothing to do with the pilot! it was blown up by two Islamic terrorists who came aboard with a bomb. why is it so hard to tell the truth at least to the families? you already found the debris the first day, so stop lying and pretending you didn't. tell them! This lie is planned and orchestrated by the us under obama. It is pathetic. what are you going to do, torture the families forever with your sickening ruse? they've got gps tracking devises all over these planes. does the general public really have to be this stupid to think a plane could fly around for 7 hours, not get noticed by anyone, and then with all those devices they can't find it anywhere. these devices are made to withstand about anything, so if it goes down in the ocean or gets lost, they can find it in almost an instance. how are you people seriously so f***en stupid? most of you people believe in the nwo and all this horses**t, but when it comes to the truth, you can't see your hand in front of your face. how did the human race devolve so much within the last decade. must be something in food, #$%$. a missing #$%$ plane. wow. can't you #$%$ see they're just trying to get the terrorists to take credit for this. #$%$ is wrong with people? I've seen some of you morons think aliens taking the plane is a better explanation than just the simple truth! How dumb can you people be?
@don stern and I quote" how are you people seriously so f***en stupid"...well I guess we average joes just are not as smart as you ..... " It is pathetic ".. actually don , you are pathetic ... with your gloom and doom mentality .. I'd ask you ,WHY you believe it is a cover up , but that would just be opening the 'crazy door 'of your mind. you spew your #$%$ with out a shred of proof . just your ego and your belief that you are so much smarter than everyone else' .. and your .. 'I know for a fact Obama has something to do with it it ..yada yada yada please get a fing life . so fing tired of this crazy sh**
All we can really be certain about at this point is that Obama is the worst president ever.
you guys voted for him and now you rebuke him. classic
come on david now Obama is at fault for this get alife lets pray for thease family ok
@ john, u drunk? im saying these young and old (f)ucking americans say yesy yes yes to obama, voted for him, now everyone has bad to say and rebuke him
dopes ,your parents are to blame .
Can't understand why transponders are able to be turned off on commercial flights, especially on routes over water !! ...and why can't a device be made to respond to a signal or ping indefinitely ?? ...this is the 21st centaury !!
They have to, otherwise when they are sitting at the gate - thousands of parked jets would muck up the radar screen.
They are required to be in the O F F position while on the ground. That is an industry standard.
One: they are like any other electronic device. They fail. They have a circuit breaker and they can pop off or be turned off. Two: they send ID coded messages and are not seen on search radar. Good question Joe.
They should be suppressed at airports without giving the pilot access to turn them off... there is no brain science to figure this out !!
If you had the transponders locked to the on position then the airport radar screens would be overwhelmed with targets even though the aircraft are on the ground. You also want to be able to turn it off during a landing because you do not want a rough landing to set it off. When it goes off it triggers codes on radar screens on every air traffic control screen within 50 miles of the airport. Everyone goes into emergency mode over a hard landing. Also if they were left on all the time they could drain the aircraft battery just like leaving your car radio on when you park your car. If it makes you feel better you can buy one and carry it with you ..... it is about the size of a medium size shoe box. Cost from $500 to a couple of thousand depending on the model. I am sure you will be a big hit getting that through security.
If you fly over water, I want that sucker on at all times without pilot interference !! They can figure that one out !!
Changes will probably be proposed/ engineered.
Only way to make that happen - is to put a sensor on the landing gear - that disables the transponder when pressure from gravity pushing down on it, is exerted.
Transponders transmit the aircraft's altitude, as well as it's position. If a transponder starts transmitting an erroneous altitude, and they do from time to time, it must be turned off in flight. There are a couple of reasons that the transponder must be pilot-controllable.
Why is this story even on here? This was clarified hours ago that the debris was a tanker and a pod of dolphins.
It's still on all the news sites. I haven't seen anyplace where it said it was a tanker and a pod of dolphins. Nobody has yet confirmed what the objects are.
By some random comment who this fool took as gospel truth i am quite sure....
To s k - it was verified by the news staff on Good morning America early morning of Mar. 20.
A vertical crash in a swamp don't leave any debris, the idea of debris is associated with a landing intent. We all know that the plane that crashed in 9/11 in land made almost no debris.
Rush Limbaugh said that Obama was to blame for the disappearance of the airplane because he hasn't done anything about climate change. WOW, what a theory. LOL
You're full of (s)hit, but thanks for playing...
I am glad they said "Australian saw this" instead of Malaysia - who now hates the usa - told us they do NOT want our additional ships helping. (But they requested deep ocean equipment). Again, if it was malaysia - you can see my previous comments as to why you cannot trust their government.
I don't trust ANY country that is so deeply Islamic.
Whales - Nothing but Whales - what else could it be - air planes are not that good of swimmers to cover so many miles drifting - unless they were drifting down to the bottom
This why they need to place tracker aboard plane for this very purpose. They are small and not noticable and forgotten until they are need for use.
Gonna get me a government or federal or state job where i can get some of this stolen monies.and get PAID for being a #$%$.
ONCE AGAIN SO MANY AMERICANS ARE JUMPING TO CONCLUSION ABOUT ISLAM AND MUSLIMS. The Captain of Flight 370 was an atheist and promoted atheism on the Internet! This was revealed by Bobby Ghosh of Times on MSNBC.
They both had Muslim names, and Malaysia is predominantly Muslim. White Christin dudes do this kind of ch!t all the time, don't they? NOT!
MSNBC is a liberal PC network. Can't believe anything those jerkwads would report.
Billonica: So just because they had Muslim names, they are "Muslims?" How much more dumb can you be? There are many Christian Lebanese, Egyptians and Syrians who have "Muslim" names! So we must accept them as Muslims?
Be politically correct, we can not get angry with Muslims, this is their standard way of getting to heaven with 72 virgins waiting for them.
Experts are morons after all, this is a suicide case, just that he didn't slam into a building, set it auto and decompressed the cabin . the co pilot is a hardcore muslim and might have broken up with gf too.
In lost they put a different plane in the water with bodies that were dug up. just saying
I know this is really bad--but that made me laugh...Heisenberg--Breaking Bad ??
If they recovered the plane there would still be bodies strapped in to seat belt, body parts floating around, and sea life like sharks eating remains. Fragility of human species and life is daunting.
Here we go. The Cable News Network's are finally getting around to attacking each other over this story with Fox news saying that the crying families are just like the crying families in Benghazi and that sure didn't take him long did it?
Aliens from Mars took the plane so they can study us in preparation for their coming invasion!
LOL, all they have to do is watch CNN. Tell us something happened and watch us run around in circles till we collapse or advertising dollars stop!
Hopefully they won't watch MSNBC...or we're all doomed for sure.
an intelligent being would not watch MSNBC
if using cellphones are allowed during flight, atleast 1 or 2 of those 239 passengers can contact anybody on the ground and informed whats going on above before tragedy happens.
I illegally tried my cellphone last time I flew to the east coast and i couln't get contact @30,000ft. Sat phone, however, is different.
Toni, there is no cell phone contact at 35,000 feet. Seriously, you can't even update your Facebook page with adorable kitty videos. I know it's hard to believe, but it's true.
Okay this is my final resume, Malaysian airlines sold their good planes condition to get plus income, they have minus income from flying service (Bloomberg). Management replace many spare part canibaly and MH370 having the bad spare part and crash!
WHAT did you type??? No sense at all !!!!
Simple explanation , chaos theory , a zebra farted in Africa and unleashed a chain of events that brought down this plane.
Also known as the Butterfly Effect...
That's probably where Putin's keeping Obama's manhood that he took from him.
He never had it to be taken.
Details do not add up. The only explanation is decompressurization of the plane. Otherwise passengers would have used their phones at some point during the flight.
No cell towers in the oceans.
They don't have to wait till they are off the coast of Australia to call. DUH!!!!!!!!
Just tell us when they find it. Stop with the constant news of the plane just to cover up Obama's failed IRS, EPA, Obamacare and many others.
Meanwhile, CNN reporting that a black hole swallowed the airliner. Is it any wonder why the libtards are completely misinformed about current events. What's next, MSNBC reporting a spaceship abducted it?
Up to this moment there is no any single clue or indication about the missing plane. It is all about speculations. Only the CREATOR which since He is the best KNOWER exactly knows the where about of the plane and the fate of all its crews and passengers on board. May all our prays get response soon.
the creator? I kind of figure when you murder millions of people any good you did previously gets cancelled. if you believe this being is real, call him what he is, the murderer. killed more people than Hitler but you think this spirit is a great thing. idiot.
Praying for the safety of the people doing the search. Don't want to lose any more people.
To all the speculators out there, the simple truth will be the most obvious. The Muslim pilots decided ti was time to get their 72 virgins each and they ditched the plane in the ocean hoping to never be found. End of story except for one thing, we need a system that tells us if our pilots are Muslim before we board so we have the option to not get on the plane.
Hint - if you are flying Malaysia Airlines, odds are the pilots will be Muslim.
All this suffering because some idiots read and followed their satanic Koran book.
Olga, did you write that all by yourself or did mom help out?
The ocean is filled with enough debris to bury the Grand Canyon. All this breathless reporting on the Plane are just red herrings to distract the public from Obama's inaction re The Ukraine.
He already made a decision yesterday or the day before Didn't you read the headlines?
Uh huh. The whole world is transfixed on this little mystery but in your paranoid, feeble mind, it's just a stunt by that black president that your racism makes you hate so blindly. Get a grip.
Keep an eye on Obama folks.. When attention is diverted he likes to steal liberties or push us into, hey, how about WW3 with Russia and China?
We're gonna find out it's a Muslim Thing, but the mainstream media won't report on that so as not to infuriate the murderous Jihadi muslims for political correctness reasons.
You watch too much Faux Fox TV
So, were going to find out Muslims did it, but no one will report on that? Could it be just the voices in YOUR head, Israeli hasbara internet propagandist monitor?
I don't see any Israelis hijacking planes, killing people, bombing people. Only disgusting Muslims. I hate Muslims. Yes HATE. And to hell with your Islam. #$%$ on the Koran and your pedofile Mohammed.
Malaysian pilot use x box plane simulator? when goes wrong you cannot pause it
Rush Limbaugh said that Obama was to blame for the disappearance of the airplane because he hasn't done anything about climate change. WOW, what a theory. LOL
At this point I sense that many of the animals that consumed the bodies had already finished excremated it out. Well at least Nature's way of Recycling is still effective.
Sounds like they planted the evidence.
The powers that be are planning on using this made up speculation that the govt conspired but the real truth sealers know what's up.. Most of you are out of touch fat Americans whom will swallow every pill put in front of you... Follow the herd sheeple..
Wow, If, you "real truth sealers"? know what's up, why not enlighten us with your vast knowledge instead of #$%$ about curiosity seekers and commenting on physical attributes that you may or may not understand anything about. Have a pleasant day, putz.
You conspiracy-theory people are freekin' awesome. I can't wait to hear your conjecture about this one. What do you think... FEMA agents this time? Rogue elements of the IRS? The Spanish Inquisition?
All Nationalities should boycott travelling on Malaysian Airlines in future.Secure travel is always of paramount importance.The irresponsibility of the Malaysian Government in botching up the activities of this incident and taking all assisting countries on a wild goose chase at the taxpayers` costs obviously suppressing crucial information which could assist in tracking as to what has actually happened.
This theory sounds plausible. Aviation expert Peter Marosszeky from UNSW said he believed the crash was a combination of foul play and an electrical fault. It looks like there was foul play and whoever was in the cockpit couldn't get the plane to work the way they wanted it to. Marosszeky said when communication was lost all electronic signals and lights on board would have been disabled. Do a web search: aviation expert Peter Marosszeky malaysian plane
The Jews at FOX News want so much for this to be Muslim terrorism. Rupert Murdoch, a Zionist Jew, is the owner of FOX News Corporation, whose holdings include the Fox News Channel and the Wall Street Journal.
Tell the truth already! Islam is responsible! Muslims did it!
I'll be glad when they finally find it and the black boxes to shut up you Israeli hasbara trolls.
Islam is a disgusting death cult. They hate everyone. I will never be a dhimmi!
Plane malfunction would not have altered the course. Pilot suicide or terrorism caused this.
I hate Australia, the birthplace of Adolph Hitler.
Adolph was born in Wichita, educated as Dictator to infiltrate Germany and cause mucho USA Military Hardware Expenses to make the Military Industrialists Mega Rich the American Way.
Thanks for the history lesson Oliver!
billonica, he was just kidding, its a kidding contest
Hitler was born in AUSTRIA which is in Europe. Australia is a totally different country which is a big "island" in the Pacific Ocean southeast of Asia. Hating the whole country of Austria because Hitler was born there makes no sense anyway. Probably most countries have spawned "monsters" - are you going to hate them all.
The Mystery Man came over An' he said: "I'm outa-site!" He said, for a nominal service charge, I could reach nervonna t'nite If I was ready, willing 'n able To pay him his regular fee He would drop all the rest of his pressing affairs And devote His Attention to me But I said . . . Look here brother, Who you jivin' with that Cosmik Debris?
The Mystery Man is devoting all of his attention to you now, you poor spade, We're shutting you down and cutting you off of the Cosmik cool aid. The ladies are complaining and that gets me uptight, Nervonna Bar and Grill has had enough of you tonight. Now meet Debris man Dan, follow him and don't let anything stop you, or find out why we call him "the Bouncer who will drop you."
I call BS! That plane landed somewhere and the passengers are being held hostage by some muslim terrorists.
Yes it must be Muslims! Since there were no Muslims on the flight and so many groups have claimed responsibility for it. Idiot--get some evidence before making claims.
On a related side note: Why do they keep showing this same woman in red wailing and crying from different angles in all the news stories? Is she the deemed "face of anguish" for this story?
Yes. And I'm just glad it's not me going through such an ordeal.
FOX News will milk this and point fingers all of 2014 “NOT A SINGLE NEWS ITEM will reach the public without our control,” states the Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion. Rupert Murdoch, a Zionist Jew, is the owner of FOX Media Corporation, whose holdings include the Fox News Channel and the Wall Street Journal.
Boo Hoo BOB! That was some LIBERAL RANT. Bet your glad you have your liberal YAHOO.
Who is running this search, Obozo's same sex crack search and rescue blind team?
no, team America - world police. LOL.
Well forgive me for saying this folks, but a part of some kind of feelings inside me says i hope it's not the plane. I'd rather think that all the passengers, and crew are alive, and well, and held hostage somewhere.
@Glen, if the hostages are alive, why hasn't someone come forward with their demands?? It's going on 2 weeks and hijackers and/or terrorist like to brag and usually have an agenda. If this plane is somewhere hidden..... that's SCARY. Let's say they can make it disappear like that, what's stopping them from making it re-appear in the future with a nuclear bomb on it. Remember, Pakistan (a so called friend of the west hides terrorists) and has nuclear bombs. I may be wrong, but I think it's under water somewhere. I think these people just want closure, it's the not knowing that is the killer.
Hoping for the best is OK. Planning for the worst is appropriate.
@Nich Well said. Sad but that is the truth we must face.
I put my money on Vietnam since the fuel was dumped of their coast. Who wants another Vietnam war with all the Democrat war protestors in America?
As morbid as this sounds, the best possible outcome is that this was an accident and the plane is at the bottom of the ocean. If this plane has not crashed and is still somewhere.... the ramifications are to scary to think of. Hopefully, as sad as it sounds, this was just a terrible accident.
Took 'em long enough to remote control ditch the jet in the Ocean after they took care of the passengers they had an interest in -- Since1994 Black Ops haven't been what they used to be -- Complacent sloppiness across the board globally -- But hey, they keep getting away with it, so who am I to criticize?
those 2 iranians were worth remote controlling the plane to die in the ocean? huh? thats mean to the other passengers and the pilots
You suspect too much, and have spoken in public. It's time for you to pay the price. Get your affairs in order. You'll know on Monday when you see them.
Dood --- Good luck with that -- I don't even exist. Commentor --- History is full of sacrificing entire plane loads of innocents just to get at one individual - -From Flight 553 with E. Howard Hunt's wife on board carrying bag money, the list goes on.
Whoa there, hunkle salmon chanted evening, this ain't no spy thriller, you're playing with the big boys, you can't write stuff like you are in public then pretend we can't find you. Your impudent comments will bring swift vengeance.
Another victory for Jihadis. When will the world learn Islam is a death cult and muslims are murderers because they believe in #$%$
you need an education. Come back when you grow up.
John, do you have knowledge about this that no one else has? If so, you should be making sure the proper authorities know instead of posting here. If not, then keep your baseless suspicions to yourself.
I learned all I needed to know about islam 9/11/2001. islam means death to the infidel. Screw Muslims!
Experts are morons after all, this is a suicide case, just that he didn't slam into a building, set it auto and decompressed the cabin , the pilot himself didn't even bother to put on oxygen mask, so he won't feel guilty, the plane down itself after fuel runs out. I have psy degree
Of course it was pilot suicide. The guy simply wanted to save face with his family.
Many planes and ships have been lost. I have not seen such effort ever put into finding one... What is 'special' about this one? - Meaning, this make one think there are things still not being said as to this particular plane's relevance.
I don't know, maybe because 200 some people just vanished....
Andy, my point being, never has so much effort, by so many, ben devoted for so long. Not to diminish the loss, this is inordinate effort compared to any other loss, ever. Again, what makes this different than another? - simply the number of people lost? I don't think that's the reason. Do we look longer and harder for 200 people, than for 20? If so, that's pretty sick in itself, and really devalues the life of the 20... don't you think? I see Sandy deleted her post - coward.
Unfortunately the internet is getting just as bad as FOX NEWS and all the other dominated media channels. SOMEONE TOOK THE PLANE! Please WAKE UP!
Nick, bet you voted for Obama.
I can understand someone (a pilot perhaps) shutting off the transponders. I can understand the plane flying below radar. I can't wrap my head around no one on the plane making a call with their cellphone. The pilots could have turned off the planes tracking systems but they couldn't have turned off everyone's phone. Someone would have made a call unless they couldn't. And there can only realistically be two explanations for that. 1 Rapid depressurization of the plane, 2 A hostage situation. There HAS/HAD to be quite a few people on board that were involved in this. If the pilot(s) had a death wish, it wouldn't matter if people made calls. What could anyone have done? Shoot em' down? You can't force a passenger jet to land on water. It'll probably turn up at an airport in Pakistan. Whatever the outcome, God bless the passengers on it.
The cell phone issue is problematic. Although, if the pilot had to make a rapid ascent to 45k feet to starve a fire of oxygen, it could have disabled the passengers. Obviously, if you are trying to reduce oxygen, dropping oxygen masks is not the answer.
This plane did not have the ability for passengers to make cell calls from the plane and most of the route, being over water, there are no cell towers and no way calls could be made
Cell phones need cell towers and there are none of them in the middle of an ocean. As for conspiracy theory... since this disappearance has weirdness all around it speculation has the mind running wild. I am assuming the odds of a Terrorist hijack are just about as favorable as a rouge pilot or a systematic failure of an aircraft in a very weird sequence. I hope they find this plane and its passengers alive but I have a strong feeling that regardless of where the plane is found everyone on board has been dead since the plane disappeared. If it was a hijack and it failed someone somewhere would still try to get money out of it.
How would they have cell reception miles and miles away from land. There is no cell towers in the ocean.
Also, the cell phones were probably already taken BEFORE this incident/terrorist act happened.
Satellite phones would work, though...no towers needed.
If they had an engine fire, they wouldn't have flown another 7 hours. We're all grasping at straws right now but I personally believe it was a highjacking of some sort, with some of the crew involved. I would think in a rapid ascent, the automatic deployment of the passenger's oxygen masks would come into play. Could the crew or anyone prevent that from happening? Could that same plane, fully loaded, even make it to 45,000'? None of this adds up.
I did read that it got up to 45k, before diving back down to 23k. Cruise would be at 35k. Still much mystery though.
From what I've read the pilot has the ability to cut off oxygen to the cabin. If the masks dropped it doesn't mean they had oxygen flowing through them.
Also, terrorist wouldn't highjack a plane, fly it out to the middle of the ocean and crash it without some kind of message to the world. That's kind of how terrorism works! In the same way a suicide bomber makes a video before he does the deed. You would think there would have been some kind of message. The media has reported that after the pilots signed off, they turned west. They were very near Vietnam... within range of cell towers. Someone would have made a call IF they could have. Like I said, none of this adds up.
You can land on land and you can ditch on water but you can't LAND on WATER. At least that's what my uncle Louie told me.
Isn't it possible to make phone calls using WiFi? I do it all the time, so what is prohibiting me from calling on the airplane?
@Joshs ... how old r u 11 ??
the spruce goose was in long beach harbor with a flat surface and no rough seas on a nice calm day
donn, at 35K feet (or higher), that's 7 miles from a cell tower if it was directly beneath them. The jungle regions of Viet Nam probably don't have many cell phone towers. Add in the aluminum skin of the airplane, and cell phone reception would have been very spotty at best. A satellite phone would work, but who carries one of those? That's primarily for people traveling by ship across open ocean, or mountain climbers.
From Wiki: The National Transportation Safety Board of the United States government defines "ditching" in its aviation accident coding manual as "a planned event in which a flight crew knowingly makes a controlled emergency landing in water. (Excludes float plane landings in normal water landing areas.)" A passenger jet is not a float plane, so this would be an emergency water landing, AKA a ditching (if they did come down intact and in a controlled fashion, which seem unlikely).
dohn you don't understand technology. There would have been no cell phone towers. Nice try though.
Why is it so difficult to understand that all those cell towers in the middle of the Idian ocean only operate on mondays and thursdays.
Hey idiots, there are no cell towers in the middle of the ocean it's blue toothed from the cockpit and there's a switch on it! Duh.
The way these goons treated the grieving relatives is deplorable. Muslims blow dead rats- again.
For the love of Christ people, this thing is sitting ON LAND, HIDDEN, on terrorist soil, passengers dead. Please enlighten me when "Islam" and a "plane" didn't have a bad ending?
I'm starting to get sick of this s*h*i*t. There are so many other things around the world that need people's attention. These people on the plane, wherever they are, are probably long gone. And really even if the plan is found, what can we accomplish from that and how does that make this world a better place?
I think he meant plain.. I think he meant the plan was a plain plane
Just more Muslim terrorism. Thousands of atrocities each and every year around the globe being committed by muslims.
maybe zionists should stop playing the little devil whispering in their ears.
Why can't Boeing admitt their Boeing 777-200 is a piece of Shhht. Just in the last 24 Hours Toyota admitted guilt and has agreed to pay out the largest fine in history for keeping quiet that it knew it's cars were death traps and let people die in them for many years as it kept it secret. What makes Boeing so honorable?
The Airbus is laughing day and night ... joke! joke! joke !!!!!
TERRORIST INVESTIGATIONS OF THIS MAGNITUDE ARE HEADED BY THE US. EVERYTHING THEY HAVE FED THE MEDIA IS A LYING RUSE TO GET THE TERRORISTS TO CLAIM THIS CRIME. OBAMA IS UNECESSARILY TORTURING THESE FAMILIES BY HIDING THE TRUTH FROM THEM. THEY DESERVE TO KNOW THE TRUTH, EVEN IF YOU WANT TO KEEP LYING TO EVERYONE ELSE. THE TERRORISTS DON'T HAVE TO DIRECTLY CLAIM THIS BECAUSE IT'S ALREADY OBVIOUS TO "THE POWERS THAT BE", WHO DID THE CRIME. OBAMA IS JUST TRYING TO COVER HIS OWN REAR END BY GETTING A CONFESSION, BUT THEY'VE DONE SUCH A HORRIFIC JOB WITH THIS RUSE THAT IT'S PROBABLY NOT GOING TO HAPPEN. TELL THE FAMILIES THE TRUTH FOR GOD SAKE.
Or maybe you work for the government and corporations. I will not trust you , all the comments typed in capslock is a government sign. Keep clear folks.
Just who are the "they" that you believe are doing this feeding? You are a conspiracy nut!
remove the tinfoil cap you fuggin morohn
I'm not a huge Obama fan, but this is just silly.
@ Don: You are one Complete Friggin MORON.
If terrorism is involved, the Obama Administration will undoubtedly censor it. But the Lord Jesus Christ knows the truth, and He will harshly judge any guilty party that is responsible. "And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire" (Revelation 20:15, KJV).
Mixing politics w/ your pseudo-religion makes you look like an even bigger Ace Hole than normal.
Am I therefore become your enemy, because I have told you the truth?
Ever wonder why you get BS news reports? “NOT A SINGLE NEWS ITEM will reach the public without our control,” states the Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion. Rupert Murdoch, a Zionist Jew, is the owner of FOX Media Corporation, whose holdings include the Fox News Channel and the Wall Street Journal.
See Bob you're a liar. Murdoch is a practicing Christian. Which news report is BS by the way? So the plane is not missing?? Is it Bob or Mohammed?
Its just think Tanker, thinking like a hypocrite Demoncrat! How stupid indeed! A plane crash and its back to party bashing! Shows how low they will sink!
In that part of the world and in that part of the ocean, if the crash didn't kill the passengers, then the sharks surely did.
More fake nonsense. The plane and passengers are fake, they never existed. This operation probably is military and CIA from the get go to observe monitor China's Land Grab. But there is no evidence that the plane or passengers ever existed. NO EVIDENCE. Crying and Consoling Asian crisis actors is not evidence. Endless speculations, endless lead to nowhere and theories galore, from muslims to martians is not evidence, it is religion NOT EVIDENCE.
M&M, prove the plane ever existed, prove the passengers existed. here is your chance.....silence......
IS THE PLANE IN INDONESIA ? WHY IS INDONESIA REFUSING ? OBAMA'S MUSLIM COUNTRY REFUSES TO ALLOW SEARCH PLANES TO FLY OVER THEIR COUNTRY BBC headline "Missing Malaysia MH370: Search planes grounded by 'red tape' " 18 March 2014 [ The aerial search for missing Malaysia Airlines MH370 flight has been hampered by refusal from Indonesia to let planes overfly their territory. ]
#$%$ does this have to do with Obama? You are a mental case.
Oreilly is the only faux news entertainment show that isn't spending the entire broadcast speculating on this tragedy. Bill has an over inflated ego and stubborn personality, but I give him credit for not cashing in on the ratings by using the tragedy.
you might want to watch Fox News a bit more...it could only help educate you on how stupid people look when they say or type faux news...
I do hope we have closure, but FOX news will milk this for years to come! The Jew media never misses a chance to point fingers.
Fox? really? CNN is now postulating that it was a black hole. You must be a liberal who was indoctrinated to hate any news channel that does not espouse the Liberal Doctrine.
Really? I don't see ABC, CBS, MSNBC, CNN shutting up about this story. Guess they will milk it for years, too.
Seriously, do we really care if a third world airliner crashes? Or is it just a slow news time. Do we really care if Russia takes Crimea which was essentially Russian anyway, are we ready for a military confrontation? Or is it just a slow news time.
Steve...quit commenting and go back to playing your video game.
Poor try Joan, but you didn't answer the questions. I bet you didn't even think.
Benny, why do you care, is it a life changing incident for you? Ask yourself, do I really care about the Malaysian airliner?
I don't think the planet will miss a handful of Asians. Next story please.
That's why God gave man the abstract reasoning ability.
A mighty ugly thing to say, can you imagine that you would be missed much?
Yes. The plane disappeared. We get it. Why the hell has this been headline news for over 2 freakin weeks now. Apart from the poor families and those personally involved who the hell really cares.
From reading some of these idiotic posts, there is no doubt in my mind how Obama got re-elected.
Apparently you don't read much yahoo news and read the comments section ever. The majority of comments are from right-wing conservatives. Check out ANY political article and you'll see the proof of that.
I agree! They should not mention anything about the debris until they have recovered it!
I thought China has 21 satellites looking for debris? exactly how many of them works anyway?
They all works. China have not share all the satellites.
well, they are made in China...how well could they work?
all china products bogus - may b those satelites r for name sake
Check the Harbor Freight catalog and see if they have any longevity ratings.
Well my made in china radio broke in 7 days, good thing i bought it only for $7 ...
I can't wait to see the look on Obama's face when the plane, filled with Iranian nukes, comes crashing into a major city.
Good post judge. Wha a total #$%$ would hope for something like that.
Must be some butt hurt libs who love weak kneed Presidents.
When it happens, and you think it will too, you gonna blame Bush?
You know, I have been listening for days now to news versions of what MAY have happened. This is my theory..why has'nt anyone considered the fact that Putin has created this whole thing, to divert the worlds news from looking at what he is doing, after all planes only disappear when someone allows them too, not on their own... without help!!!!!
Easier to believe the plane was abducted by Martians.
Wait and see all this has been pure speculation so why not think that some country friendly with russia would not have done this yhere are those in the area.. ,see speculation at work...
Alright thumbs downers with your lame conspiracies... Here is the blunt ugly truth. The plane malfunctioned, pilots probably were high/passed out from oxygen. The autopilot kept the plane up for a bit, until it eventually took a dive into the ocean. I hope the passengers were passed out before the impact. Terrible. :( rip
Yet another dork who has it all figured out before the evidence is in.
Oh right, they used a secondary lead plane to pull off terrorism. uh huh
Multiple avvy fool, go get a hobby
the blunt ugly truth is. you haven't gotta clue either and have already shown your foolishness. You may now take your foot out of your mouth and your head out of your your As@
be quiet you little poop tooting fairy
it looks like the oil slick that the satalite photos showed me is probably right about 85 miles of shore
oil slick shows 0.09 miles long 85 miles off shore
Well congrats? How many days ago were ALL the stations reporting the last satellite ping thing was west of AUS? Not one of the stations like FOX had anyone asking why then wasn't that area being looked at-even though they were reported the last ping was there
Ahhh yes, it FOX news fault. You are free to go back and tweak your NCAA bracket now Mr President.
I say it is just been blown way out of proportion. I think something happened to cause plane to suddenly decompress and pilot fell forward when he passed out as plane turned his body turned and rolled off or his hand fell free. Plane flew til ran out of fuel. Crashed. I still say also plane should have been grounded within 23 min of engine signals being cut with RR
How long is this going to be a credible lead? Until we decide the outcome?? And all while Obama destroys America and completely inept on the Ukraine crisis!
Nope John just plain asleep at the wheel.
Hey a4sholes- it was never landed in Pakistan or Iran or on the moon scared teabaggers!
You are very very WRONG. It is in Iran. It has been painted blue and yellow. It is first international flight with new flag will be from Tehran to Madrid to London to Washington.
Shutup all you fake theorists who don't have an original thought. Nobody needs to hear your lifted theory from watching CNN or Fox News.
if you don't like what other people post, go find something else of interest to you. no need to bash people just because you don't like or agree with someone's theory.
They will never find it.......the truth is that black sekret mooslim Obama had the plane rerouted and made it disappear because the files with the truth to Bengazhi, the IRS scandal, and his birf certificate were in the cargo hold.
If @B had a gay son or daughter, he/she'd be grateful to the black sekret mooslim Obama Administration;-)
It's a shame people didn't get the sarcasm (especially from the spelling) but I am sure there are right-wing nut jobs out there that actually believe this (Beck, Limbaugh, Cruz, Issa). Oh well, tone doesn't come though in type so it was worth a try. Eventually people will start getting these FWD FWD FWD emails from their crazy republican relatives.
Good job Obama, for allowing the US satellites to assist in locating this plane. If only we had you as president you would of found the wmds already.
WMD's were found, you are just too stupid
Saddam soiled underwears don't really qualify as WMD wild
#$%$ do you think Syria is using? Educate yourself, you leftist nut.
This just in GOP claims the WMD"s are in Disneyland in magic mountain
this just tyrone is an ignorant human being
Wild, wmds from the last gulf war were found. I thought the whole idea of invading Iraq was that Saddam was ACTIVELY creating WMD's
@tyrone, saddam transferred most chemical and bio weapons to syria. saddam had yellowcake uranium which was not declared and taken out of the country in 2005.
Ow! I stubbed my toe. Damned Obama! Why is the sky blue? Obama. WMD's are like Bigfoot.
Fox News Alert: Our expert stated that pieces of the plane were taken from it when it landed in Pakistan. The Muslim terrorist dropped these parts into the ocean. Watch Kelly Files to see the plane landing in Pakistan. Capt. McCain will be interviewed.
MSNBC ALERT: Chris "Tingle up the leg" Matthews reporting: Today the Obama Administration has confirmed that it ok'd a Drone strike on flight MH370. This administration has learned that an American passenger on-board that flight did not....i repeat...did not vote for Obama in both elections. Now i know what the Republicans will say.....they will be against this, but i know in my heart that Obama did the right thing. I know i'm right. Wait.......hold on..............
So much for terrorist - republicans have got to stop being scared of every little noise- grow a set of balls!
What a jerk choosing the deepest ocean to commit suicide and bring a few hundred passengers with him.
I really don't understand why this plane is so important.
Perhaps for a moment, imagine your loved ones on that plane. Then imagine that if it could happen once it could happen again and again....
If you can't figure that out, no one is going to even try to explain it to you since you obviously wouldn't understand anyway.
Don't be a d-bag Patrick. Have some compassion, man....geez
It's not the plane. It's the people. Have some compassion.
People of the right, a chance to blame Obama in something he can't control. People of the left, a time to distract from problems in the US from failed leadership. You all suck!
Malfunction. Crash. Into ocean. Stop the stupid conspiracies Fox News!
Fox News is built on conspiracy
@ Shanice...why only Fox news? I mean it is CNN that has it on ALL DAY and night...not Fox News. Your lack of honesty and common sense is showing.
CNN is leading in the ratings on this story. Cooper is beating O'Reilly so everyone is at fault, not just one station.
Malfunction. Crash. Into ocean. Sounds like a conspiracy theory to me.
I flipped to Fox News and O'reilly said he refuses to give it this much coverage. He isn't dedicating his program to it each night. I almost respected him for a moment.
she is just an ignorant troll
Condolences to the families for their lose. Losing loved one is horrible enough but these 11 days have just been cruel punishment. 1. If retrieved,do not hand the black box over to the Malaysians. They cannot be trusted.If the pilot was a jihadist, they will erase this evidence. 2. Advice for everyone,especially citizens of China - DO NOT fly Malaysian Airlines anymore. Chinese usually vote with their pocketbooks and feet so I predict this will be the case for them. 3. Anyone planning a strictly tourist visit to Malaysia - do not do it. 4, By pass Malaysia on any travel in the vicinity.
I am with you only about the condolences and the rest, well you're on your own.
Nice ignorant rant... A) What is your issue with Malaysian Airlines? They were ranked by Skytraxx as the 15th best carrier in the world, and had a 5 star safety record prior to this instance (one of about 10 airlines with this ranking). That is well higher than all of the US carriers, for example, who simply have parts fall off their planes while in flight. Or Chinese carriers - yep, good luck with that - if you have ever flown one, you'd know what I mean. B) Why would you not want to visit Malaysia as a tourist? Is quite a safe place for tourists with quite a lot of stuff to see. Great food, cheap. C) Why would I want to leave KLIA (KL Airport) out of my list of options? It is a major air hub in SE Asia, and home of AirAsia, the world's best low cost carrier the past 4 or so years in a row...
Henry - If you had some common sense, you would have concluded that Skytraxx doesn't know what they are talking about. Like the saying goes: Who do you believe, your eyes or a Skytraxx report?
Denne - I trust past experience in flight with them and their 30 + year history. Note to self: do not feed the trolls.
Henry - think your "mind" would change if you were on MH370?
during this crucial tense situation as a human being one have to send condolence sympathy courage to relatives of missing passangers- give a message of oneness so that even a culprit enemy fall down on knees for a common good instead u point by point making issues serious and tough unnessarily - in this plane there r people of many countries since the incident the whole world seeing how much malaysia trying its possible best to recover this plane also several countries joining hands for assistance this may happen to anyone any country no need to pass negative comments on malaysia alone -
@Henry H, that plane was made in the USA, look it up. The Malaysia's bought the plane from the USA. These kinds of planes are very safe.
Denne are u stupid or what..this is the first time in the Malaysian aviation history. Furthermore Malaysia is not in the Al-Qaeda list..
Nothing wrong with Malaysia per se, it's Muslim pilots who are the problem. You have a good point but you went too far
bbtalk -please give me credit for being smarter than the average mineral on this site. Yes, am aware that Boeing is a US product. Manufatured in washington state, which is different than Washington DC. Malaysian Air (And a whole lotta other international carriers) bought (or leased) them, Malaysian air, by international standards - maintains their aircraft better than pretty much anyone. All of this despite being little brown skinned people that hollywood has a problem casting. Nobondy knwos what SE Asians look like, because the only actors that show up in LA movies are old Vietnam immigrants, chinese guys, etc. So, yeah, thanks for your input on a region of the world that I've lived for more than 2 decades.
Hey George, go into one well-developed Muslim-dominated area & see if you can make that statement, or else, just keep quiet. & by the way, I have a list of other people committing atrocities, but those folks are not always called terrorists ,are they? So just keep quiet, if you don't want further humiliation for your appalling attitude.
Muslim pilots = dangerous flights. And we have one in the White House...
And......we've got sos. An idiot on the internet.
And we've got shtinthewoods...the flaming liberal poster that loves his Communism!
Still waiting for the temperature data from the day of the disappearance, since global warming likely is the cause of the plane going missing.
The wreckage found is not that of flight MH370 - As mentioned earlier one of the following happened to the Malaysian Airlines flight MH370: after taken off from KL it changed the flight plan and turned west flew for a few hours and than it accidentally entered into another Dimension (there are 9 Dimensions of the Universe altogether - 7 of these can be penetrated by humans if they have the know-how or by accident like in the case of flight MH370 and other similar cases in the past - the remaining 8th and the 9th Dimensions can only be accessed by the beings created differently, e.g. the Jinns and the Animangels ("fire" - hot & cold) - hence the loss of all communication with their own Dimension)...the only way back home for them is to look for the entry and exit points which exist in various points of the planet earth in each of its' Dimensions - they will be safe as long as no hostile humans in that Dimension attacks them or charges them with some crime or the other.... The other possibility is that the Aliens from another far of planet in another solar system aboard a U.F.O. ceased the flight MH370 and transported it to their mother ship moored far from the earths gravitation pull - the MS is very huge and capable of accommodating several air planes like the Boeing 777-200...the crew and the passengers are alive and safe and may be allowed to return after their hijacking has served the Aliens purpose....
Go sell CRAZY somewhere else. We're all stocked up here.
Polarmalik that is the best possibility yet presented,you should be in the "Journalism profession".
Your scenario makes about as much sense as the retired U.S. General who appeared of FOX (where else) to spin a meshuguneh theory that the plane was hijacked and is now in Pakistan to be used as a weapon. Rudy Guliani enthusiastically endorsed this hypothesis as well, seeming to be delighted in the prospect of another potential 9-11.
Polarmalik; This is esoteric. Please, don't reduce the deep sorrow of others to high drama.
And Bigfoot rides a unicorn. Hey I think those hostile humans u were referring to in that 7th dimension stole your brain the last time u were there. U better go find that entrance u were talking about and penetrate your crazy #$%$ back in there and get your brain back cuz otherwise your going to be stuck stupid for the rest of your life.
Please take your medication before you leave.
You are the reason why everything in our country needs warning labels...
I'd hate to be Polarmalik's next door neighbor.
Yahoo should give this guy a job as a writer!!
@AZ Polarmalik's spelling and grammar are too good to be a Yahoo journalist.
Polarmalik, That must be some pretty good herb you got there; but please, stop Bogarting that joint man.
Polarmalik, Needs to put down that bong he or someone that handed it to him with pot, LSD and bath salt mix. He's had one to many hits from the bong. Dude your frying your brain. While your high you making fun of folks that are hopeful for loved ones they miss. This is rude let alone morbid.
Why do I get the feeling this whole thing is a false-flag, and the crying relatives are crisis actors. You can't park a 777 in a garage. And there must have been over 170 cell phones on board if the passengers existed.
Or maybe you're the false flag. Paid by the government to make us think that this didnt really happen. Who are you working for?
Wow! "False flag", "crisis actors": haven't heard those ridiculous, conspiratorial terms since Sandy Hook. Amazing, just amazing....
It is a false flag! This is the narrative to start another possible WW3! Syria didn't work out, so now let's play chess and #$%$ off the Chinese and Russians...Sick of these distractions that we consider "News!" CNN needs to #$%$ off and start reporting on issues that have more meaning and credibility, instead of lingering on to this story for fricken 2 weeks now!!!
Crisis actors are everywhere since Sandy Hook to LAX!
.... And here's when the crazies come out....
You have to be able to get a signal before you can use your cell phone on a plane. From all reports I have read, the plane was not equipped to broadcast cell signals and the path and elevation of the flight did not allow for signal acquisition from the ground very long after takeoff.
So tell me, how is a plane crash into the ocean going to start WWIII? Maybe if someone tried to crash one into the Kremlin or White house..... But the Ocean?
Its just debrie from Fukushima drifting all over the world
I feel very sorry for the families of those on board..to be subject to a daily news media that has no regard for the truth just for ratings with every possible theory put forth for "experts"
Remember when the news reported actual facts?
It looks like a boat to me.
So they've been lying to us all this time about these satellite cameras being able to identify what brand a pack of cigarettes is ....
Only novelists and movie makers have ever said that, Rdhdkid
@ Rdhdkid - what are you ? some half #$%$ed astronaut ?
Actually, I am retired USAF and I was being sarcastic. Glad to see all the geniuses out there like Mark and Komplikator are in class today.
Are we gonna have a "breaking news" story every time someone spots a floating piece of garbage?
Hey, no one is forcing you to read them...you can simply wait until it all has been entirely and totally confirmed before reading...
Hey....moron....you cant escape this media spectacle. Its everywhere. Its called a weapon of mass distraction and sheep like you eat it like candy.
@ Rick...I would suggest that in fact you are the MORON...if you are incapable of "escaping this media spectacle"...and that in fact, YOU are the sheep that is incapable of stopping yourself from clicking on the link to the news story, so you can eat it up like candy. That says VOLUMES about your level of intelligence and even more about your self-control...apparently media-addicted... And so typically of your type...you whine and try to blame others (the media) for continuing to put up these stories...rather than looking at yourself and why you are incapable of just ignoring them...why you just have to click on them...
Hahaha! What nonsense. So we should just swallow all the propaganda and be a blind good little sheep just like you.
If they spotted it on satellite imagery, lets see it.... put it on the internet
i doubt it, or maybe after it has been doctored. Some expert said satellite images can show technical capabilities so no nation is going to want to display that outright.
And why would the general public need to see it? There is an unprecedented attitude that everyone gets to see everything (and throw their uneducated opinions into the discussion) prevalent today. Let the experts deal with it; something that sounds repulsive until YOU are the expert.
u become Prime mister for china to know this non sense
They are afraid the public will show them up and make them look bad by pointing out it is a flotilla of aluminum cans.
Unless I am hallucinating, ........ the images are posted on the right side of the article.
Look for the third and fourth image from the top shown in the above article. Left mouse click on each of the images.
We are NOT being fed the truth by King Obama and the Media. They do NOT want to show the terrorists pulled off the perfect hijacking. If that were admitted, how safe would MILLIONS of passengers feel on their next flight. King Obama phone call to the media... "Keep telling the public there was a fire, a communication problem, leaking batteries, The Borg, anything. Just don't tell them they are no longer safe in the skies!." Sorry, got to cut my phone call short, Michelle is whining about wanting to go on another VACATION.
@Michael H, the article is updated to include those pics, when it first came out, the pics weren't there, in fact the article is updated completely but the message board remain the same.
What does the photos of grieving family members contribute to the story?
Hopefully some compassion amongst the ceaseless speculation by talking-heads salivating over TV ratings...
Fair enough, now stop making fun of Gabrielle and I.
Gabrielle would never even think of such a thing. I just hope she likes Chinese food.
Fake debris dumped from a Pakistan freighter as all planed earlier prior to hijack !
Why haven't I heard anything more about those two young men on the plane that were using stolen passports??? Have authorities thoroughy checked into THEIR backgrounds???
If these are pieces of the missing flight they will now need to follow the currents backwards to figure out where the rest of the plane is!
you think they can get better pictures
This is the slow-motion news. news breaking at the speed of grass growing.
True we're all watching and waiting for positive intel
I thought our satelites could zoom in so close that they can read a news paper?
No mayday call or any other out of the ordinary communication except the "all right, good night"???? (which is not the correct/standard sign off)......the transponders turned off.......no further communication......somebody on board, other then the pilots, knew what they were doing....or so they thought....and ran out of fuel...... and crashed.
The oceans are full of trash and floating trash islands. I wouldn't put too much hope in this at this point.
Who's footing the bill for all of this?
this is getting ridiculous.. a satellite can watch you pick your nose.. magnifying satellite images are immediately available .. where are they??
Anyone who believes anything that the US Govt or mainstream media tells you is crazy. The Govt can see your car`s license plates in vivid detail from outer space, yet cannot find a Jumbo Jet.......Bollocks!
No one Govt wants to let the other know what kind of technology the other one has by releasing satellite footage of the plane...thats the way I see it
My heart goes out to all the families of those who were on board the airliner.....may god give you hope and strength.
5,000 miles south of Kuala Lumpur and the opposite direction of the original destination? I really doubt it.
This wouldn't have happened if Mark Wahlberg was on board.
need I mention...Chuck Norris? He can melt steel with his own rage.
It's a reference to Wahlberg's February 2012 excerpt of an interview in Men's Journal: On being scheduled to be on one of the planes that crashed into the World Trade Center: “If I was on that plane with my kids, it wouldn’t have went down like it did. There would have been a lot of blood in that first-class cabin and then me saying, ‘OK, we’re going to land somewhere safely, don’t worry.’”
What about those floating seat cushions? Seems there would be a few.
I think the powers know what happen , but not saying for fear of letting the cat out of the bag. THEY SEE ALL.
So you appear to know what has taken place to this missing Jetliner , and you don't want to be the one to let the cat out of the bag for fear of putting your own life in danger from those "Powers" that know and see everything ???? Would this be accurate ?? Naturally "THEY" know what happened and they are keeping it from the public because they are trying to work out a deal with whom ever. Well , let me say this , if you really are a US Marine , you would keep your mouth zipped and not come forward and tell this on the Internet. As you could be held accountable for your actions by letting this information leak to the world. Your *A*S*S* would be parked in Leavenworth Prison till Hell Froze. Court Martial Time*
That's been my thought for a week now.
Govt's sat's know and see much more then what govt's want you to know or see for that matter!
Fox covered it mostly live all night.
how many lies did they tell?
Floating debris people foam, plastic. Luggage, shoes where is it all?!!!
it's made up b.s.....by the gov't, they don't want to admit what really happened.
If this is the missing plane, it is very sad news.
breaking news possible gilligans island boat found sunk off the coast of god knows where.
Malaysian officials just need to s the F up, at this point.
I do hope these "objects" lead to something. The families need closure.
Experts: Has been & Drips under pressure.
I heard on GMA this morning the big thing turned out to be a freighter.
Stop playing around, scramble some american fighter jets to fly low and find out what the #$%$ is. To much #$%$ around, get the skinny.
when the official story keeps changing : Cover-up If they told the truth nobody would get on an airplane.
Follow CNN, they have Breaking News every 3 minutes on this subject.
looking at oil slick looks like two big pieces of somthing floating but but thats my view from satalite photo
I doubt seriously that this is the aircraft. When planes break up in the water there is a great deal of floating debris and I mean a lot. Seat cushions are all floatable let alone insulation and passenger possessions. I still go with the stolen scenario.
The pilot ditched the plane 12 days ago. At this point, the debris is widely dispersed.
Trying to reach the secret N A Z I base in Antactica? This case just keeps getting wierder by the day.
A piece of metal floating???? COME ON don`t be fooled by this cover up. What about seats they are flotation devices, should we not see 300+ seats. NOT FLOATING METAL
Many sats can read a newspaper fom orbit. The media is peeing on everyone.
We shall be returning now to Iower and your regularly scheduled programming.
lot of garbage in the ocean. right now that's all it is.
May God be with the Families
It's just soooo typical of the media to report on a story BEFORE getting ALL their FACTS. Let's get it right for the families sake, please.
IRANANS=MOSLEMS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!STOLEN PASSPORTS rings a bell?
why would the pilot fly the airplane for 7 hours over the ocean just to run out of fuel?
pedro. i know it is hard to comprehend. anyway. try to understand that the water is moving, and after 10 days the debris could be anywhere
That pilot may have just did what everyone is thinking, took this thing out to sea and then down into the drink. What would make someone want to take that many people with them. If it was a suicide ride, then why?
It was an act of treason. His resentment toward his employers transferred to the passengers.
but there are two people in the cockpit. it would have had to have been a coordinated effort, or, one guy killed the other. the std flight crew typically "sees" the cabin door open?? pilots want drinks and use restroom. perhaps this trip when flight crew knocked on the door they heard a "no thanks, we are good"., but, hrs after the flight should have landed crew and passengers would have began to notice something was wrong and started up their cell devices. its very possible the pilot or co-pilot killed the other and then took that plane up to 45k feet where people in the cabin died, and then the man in control did suicide mission to far reaches in the ocean?
Your probably right Marcus, but this whole thing is just jacked up.
Why do mass murderers do what they do? Nut cases......
Well if you what you guys are saying is possible, then someone knows a heck of lot more than is being let out.
USN, in this case, the pilot(?) was probably only aware of his brutality for a short time. He probably drank the koolaid after putting it on auto pilot.
We may never know what happened .
Could be a couple of floating trash piles too.
now with moochelle and the kids out of the country, biden out of the country and obama going to europe i think something is fishy with that situation
That's the best news of the day!
I wish the Gov't would stop the BS, they know damn well where this plane is and what happened. We are all not complete #$%$ are we?
200+ dead people, but wait, let's not get the story until we see an ad for some pizza joint.
If a car that you rent or a truck from a trucking company has a gps why the hell dosent a 777 have one?
does this mean we don't have to listen to this on the news any more?
Our world is so messed up, Possible object, possible this, might be, find out, the media is dead!!!
how about you just let us know when the plane is confirmed found!
Is it me or does this sound like a created..."lead?" Guess we'll have to wait and see the forensics in a couple days or the "SWEEP THIS THING UNDER THE RUG, NOW!!!" shuffle. Lotta heads should roll over this. Totally called for, the ineptitude at the national level...several nationals! Unreal.
Who said it is a small world?
the media has turned this into a tv series and a Hollywood sensation
Would these objects stand out against the saltwater background using infrared satellite imagery...?
If you believe what you hear on TV, all the search aircraft have radar that can pick up the smallest pieces of debris on the sea surface from some distance away. 4 planes sweeping the area should pick up something pretty quick. But then you can't always believe what you hear on TV.
Isn't this the same door they couldn't find before???
I know I'm tired of "possible" this "maybe" that.That is just the media for you ringing every dollar they can out of a story.How about some other news of importance and/or interest.Let us know when it's "we're sure of"or "it's positive"
Where they are looking is--- a guess. What the debris is--is a guess. What happened to the plane is ----a guess. The ONLY thing that is NOT a guess is the grief and anguish being experienced by the families. My prayers and sincerest sympathy to each family member.
Yes the families are going through a horror that no one should experience. But keep in mind a few things, do you think that the PM of Australia would go on TV to announce this credible information especially after the Chinese satellite bad info if he didn't have good assurances? Also the photos the public has now seen are not what they have seen. Part of the problem with this investigation are governments not willing to say too much about what they know and how they know it without exposing government secrets.
Somebody said I WON'T FLY WITH MUSLIM PILOTS what are you going to do ASK TO SEE THEIR ID'S total idiot
Thats not it.... Where is all the floating seat cushions , Floating luggage , Floating paper , Floating life vest And tons of other floating stuff... There will be way more than 2 or 3 things out there...
They haven't put that stuff in the water yet. A cover-up doesn't just fall together. It Takes Time!
"This is credible" -what makes it more credible than the Chinese sighting? -OH, you just WANT it to be more credible to appease us and buy time. I see.
Obviously something inside that cockpit happened.......but there are no cameras and, as I understand, the black-box only records the last 2 hours..........maybe it's time the flight-decks are equipped with cameras which A) connect to the chief flight attendant workstation so he/she can interact, B) to the airline communication center and C) these can be running straight for 16 hours and are as secure as the black-box.........does that mean pilots have to give up part of their privacy? Yes, just like I do when I visit the mall or enter an airport....!
like I said before - if it did not blow up or take a quick dive & kept flying why were there no calls from no passengers or crew from cell phones or any other devices like with 9/11 - something is fishy
cell phones require a cell tower, and they have to be with in about 50 miles at the very farthest, so a cell phone has no chance of working in the that part of the world, its amazing how little people know of the technology they use every day!
It's even more amazing that people are still posting the same thing about cell phones after it's been explained over and over again for the past 12 days that there are no cell phone towers in the freaking ocean!
thank you all you wiz kids- what about phones on the planes - I guess I am still stuck in the 70's - thank god
lets not get our hopes up too high. freighters in rough waters loose cargo in those waters all the time.
Hmmmnn a lead just after family gets angry and demands answers.
Possible martian on iceberg, possible this and that. Have you ever heard the phrase "no news is good news" ...... This story has the wings to fly around the moon and back
Although nice info, this article jumps around and seems to be copy/paste from other stories. I give it a B-
I would have just jumped out right before it hit the water like Bugs Bunny always did.
In a way, I hope its the plane. In a way, I hope its not.
Does this mean a End to F"ing Idiots telling us the plane is in Pakistan at a Secret Airstrip?
this area is way off the path. I have my doubts about the plane being so far off
stuff can drift for a thousand miles
"Notes in a bottle" can drift across entire oceans, in fact ...
my prayers are with the family's of lost. the thousand stories need to stop. why can't say we just don't know what happened and wait and be sure instead of expert different stories.
The pentagon announced they will be buying 50 new 777s as part of it's stealth program
One of the funnier things I've read lately.
I understand they offed the pilot a job flying one when he gets back from Pakistan
The word is "plowed" you morons.
possible this is debris from the Japan tsunami?
yeah, i thought the same thing
1200 miles sw of Perth? That means the plane flew nearly 2000 miles further than it had fuel for. Doesn't make sense.
doesn't say they flew that far! In 13 days the currents would/could move flotsam 100s of miles
Read the story its on the south end of the projected area that was forecast if it could fly to Beijing with plenty of fuel it could fly south of Perth as well.
IF it is it refueled in the andames
Was spotted 4 days ago, what did they do for 4 days ??
No, it wasn't spotted four days ago. The image was taken four days ago..
Please stop telling CNN every time we find some floating in the sea, MORE BREAKING NEWS Is getting old sh$&
not the only new s company fox had the same coverage
UPDATE: upon closer inspection, the 24 meter-long object was discovered to be Kayne West's head, swollen from his ego. Not even the sharks will eat it.
well the bad news is that china supplied these photos, you can't trust china
Hey Libs did Obama get his NCAA basketball bracket filled out on time??
Sorry I just have a hard time believing anything that the media says anymore..
Oh I love the ignorance on this page....EVERYONE thinks they are a pilot all of a sudden...
I actually am a pilot, but I'm smart enough to know that the airplane wasn't hijacked, wasn't stolen, and wasn't taken into a black hole. Other than that, the only thing I know for sure is that it took off and isn't still on a taxiway at KUL.
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK ITS ALL STARTING TO MAKE SENCE KNOW. R I P 777
the plane was sighted in the maldives you can find the article through google or yahoo search
well there you have it folks, Lost in the Ocean, god bless the folks that have lost love ones
Possible this and possible that....I no longer watch CNN, et al...As soon as they have something concrete, the regular newscasters will break in and let us know.
So the plane was hijacked, flown to an unknown place, they find a way to take some of the plane apart and then have those pieces sent and dropped in the ocean to cover up the fact they have 250+ people held captive somewhere in this world. In my opinion these people are still alive..... The question is where is this place they're at?
Welcome to today's episode of "We Don't Know Anything"
If this could happen with a malaysian flight,who knows how many other flights this can happen to.
Pilot is flying over checking it out. On radio: Never mind. It's just a tiny boat with what appears to be 7 people on board out for a three hour tour. A three hour tour.
Made me laugh thank you :) If not for the courage of the fearless crew.
If you take a magnifying glass to the object to the left, in the main picture. You will see that it is a top deck to a small feighter.
Give it another week. Then maybe if it broke up, you may start to see things floating around. however, with the tides and everything. i doubt that you will see any main reckage.
It is easy. Figure the amount of fuel the plane had on board.. figure the mileage out of Malaysia, then the turn left mileage is known if divided by mpg for the "out of gas" position.
The plane could have turned more than once. And it could have crashed before running out of fuel. Lots of other things could have happened. But hey, if you think it's so easy, you should contact the investigators and searchers to enlighten them.
Wait a minute...isn't this what Courtney Love found on Google Earth over the weekend when everyone laughed at her?!!
wouldn't that be interesting if it is...
maybe ,could ,what ever ,more government B S ?
Your computer maybe started typing gibberish and you didn't notice, what ever?
this story slowed down a bit,,long enough for some wreckage [different plane] to be placed!!! could happen..
Even if this turns out to be wreckage from the plane, it could have drifted hundreds of miles from the crash site.
Thanks to Courtney Love for finding the plane wreckage
That's a huge leap isn't it?
BREAKING NEWS?? THE NEWS IS BROKEN??
Not all Muslims steal or crash planes, but all stolen, and crashed planes were by Muslims.
The media is just reprining the pump, This 'news' will evaporate within the day.
The image was taken on March 16, four days ago?
Plane is in a hangar in Pakistan or Afganistan
Actually, Clem, those places do have satellite surveillance watching them. The government knows the plane isn't there.
Does not seem likely a plane from Malaysia would get there... Highly unlikely landed somewhere unnoticed. Most likely crashed in ocean en-route & simply sank in the ocean....
I pray for the families that this finding helps them start to get closure...I can not imagine not knowing, hoping, praying that something comes to light that allows them to move forward....
And yet CNN is still speculating
All I can say is that I wouldn't get on a jet with one muslim on it. Much less with two driving it!!
Don't travel to muslim countires too.
Looks like Elian Gonzales paddling toward Courtney Love on a home made raft.
Hard to imagine any piece of a plane 79 feet long that would float
the wing contains the sealed 50,000 lb fuel cell
It's a shipping container that fell off a ship. They say it is in between 75' and 82' long. 80' is 2 shipping containers that got caught together end-to-end as they fell overboard. It can't be a part of the plane as the plane was fueled for a 2,817 miles journey. If you factor in extra fuel for holding or an emergency divert to another airport, you're talking maybe 3,200 miles at most (it's too expensive to carry gobs of extra fuel). The spot on the satellite photo they are showing is 43°58'34"S 90°57'37"E, which from wheels up at KLIA is 4,048 miles. Too far.
how stupid are these people why would you have a transponder in the cockpit so the pilot can have axcess to it. Why not hide it in the plane so they cant touch it.
Yeah. And then when ATC asks the pilot to "sqwak 7421" he answers "Sorry, ATC, I can't do that bevause it's hidden". Your mother should have told you: When you have nothing to say, SHUT UP!!!
Satellites can 'read' the dirt on a car's license plate and can't determine what these pieces are???? Sounds bogus.
The media is disgraceful. They are the true enemies of the state (people)
I hope its the plane , so the families will get some closure , and I can stop hearing the moron s on TV with their wacky theories . its been a nightmare for the families and for us people watching the so called news
So anytime they find something floating in the ocean it is going to be "breaking news". We could be here a while folks.
nice try....dropping off a few pieces of an airplane in the middle of nowhere so it looks like debris, because you don't want to admit aliens took them !
Jim, you need to loosen up the tin foil hat a bit there, you've got it on too tight today I think. And don't forget your meds again too!
If these are parts of the plane and it took FOUR days to release the pics, there is going to be H-E-L-L to pay! There is a lot more to this than we know.
Maybe it took four days to look through all of the pictures taken by the satellite.
hell to pay by whom and to whom? that is idiotic statement.
Old news, more lies. Just trying to distract us from our real problems, and you all know what they are. MAKE IT A GREAT DAY. LONG LIVE AMERICA
This plane is NOT in the water. It's in a hanger somewhere being fitted for the next attack.
Why could not some kind of definitive answer as to the identification of the floating debris be made in a matter of hours with the pooled resources of 26 nations???
Sorry! just a large boeing bomb! Stay tuned we'll find something else to talk about and don't worry we'll have experts on whatever bs we come up with, but you can be damn sure it won't be news!
A friend of mine asked me to google *confusion technique*. He believes that we are all being led down a path.
BS! They know exactly were it is. They have known all along. Boeing tracks every one of it's plane and knows if something is wrong even sometimes before the pilots are aware.
If it was crashed bodies and debris would be floating around
Check the picture of Sully Sullenberger landing on the Hudson. No debris and all passengers had time to disembark. The Coast Guard put floatation devices around the aircraft to keep it afloat for recovery. This plane landed intact, but they make lousy boats.
If it was spoted 4 days ago what took so long to check it out now?
The "story" had to be worked out.
bob t - It ws not "spotted", but a picture taken (among many) by satellite. You have to look at all the pictures to see what was captured. That is what took so long.
The pictures also have to enhanced. The picture we and the media see are not the pictures the experts are looking at.
If the plane wasn't hi jacked the news has made it simple for hi jackers (hi jack a plane,Fly below radar,Turn off transponder.And tell them the code if a plane is being hi jacked.Now I feel safe to fly (NOT) I find this unreal.
Right on target with that post! I think the other day someone told them how to swap "codes" with another plane. Let's not give them any help.
Brenda, #$%$. Anyone with basic reading skills/comprehension and access to the internet could learn of the things you mentioned. Don't be such a drama queen.
Saint, Transponder squawk codes are communicated to the pilot, by ATC, over radio. In theory, and actuality, anyone listening in on the utilized radio frequency could hear the squawk code.
Have Dem's blamed this on global warming yet?? Watch they will.
Have the Repubs blamed this on Obama yet? Watch, they will.
How hard is it to get a boat with a light ?
Take a cruise sometime, go to deck 14 (14 stories high), look out on the ocean surrounding you and see how much you can see even in daylight. Even with binoculars it will be difficult to see anything floating through wave action.
go on a coast guard boat and look then, or a small fishing boat, or a row boat !.... nobody said to take a cruise ship !
Joey have you ever been inside a Turkish prison?
I don't know about this!! Didn't China post similiar photos early last week, then retract them as a "mistake?
So....it crashed. Folks, when you hear hoofprints, think horses, not zebras.
not to worry, They will "FIND" few pieces of the missing plane. confirm that they were "parts of the missing plane". AND WE NEVER KNOW THE REAL FACTS WHAT REALY HAPPENED TO THE PLANE. ,,,, UNREAL ...
we have satellites that can zoom in on a pimple. every person has a cell phone, tablet, and or laptop. GPS. Radar. all of this and we have no clue where this giant plane and hundreds of people are? BS!
Muslim Pilots ?? No Thanks, I'll take the Bus !
those two pictures look the same
Somalia would be a good place to look. ..
Grasping for Australian Straws Assuming the plane and its 230 passengers are never found....highly likely now.....we're going to label this incident the one of the biggest history mysteries of the century. Its time to tune in to alternate anti-mainstream news like "Ancient Aliens on the History Channel" for some more plausible theories.
why are the chinese being so quiet?
It is the roof off of Dorthy's Kansas home.
God bless everyone on that plane!! Except terrorists if they were on it!!
Lets hope this is the plane. I hate to think of where else it might be.
Maybe this will be it..These families are probably going nuts,which i probably would be to.
I hope they find the plane this time.
NO containers of 24m are in use
Looks like the same pics they put up last week.
they already reported this morning that the new images are a freighter and a pod of dolphins as per the Navy plane that flew over the area
I believe Captain Palmer, who posted on CNN a few days ago, is correct as to what happened to MH-370.
I feel so bad for the family and friends of those on the plane. To think what they must be going through............:''(
....more from the Minister of Mis-Information.
that's not it,,, it's the debris from the Titanic,,,
Um, they know exactly where the Titanic is, in case you haven't heard.
Ultra suspicious if you ask me. 7 days looking North West of Malaysia and in a day plus....Nope its in the South East 5000 miles away from the prior information. I cant prove it but I wouldnt be surprised that a Navy captian under orders will get his crew to look on the right side of the ship and then tosses over a piece of metal with the words "Malaysian Airlines" scribbled on it with a permanent marker." then says "LOOK!!! I FOUND IT." Lets go home. All because we as the government KNOWS where it is. Just cant or wont say anything. And the world public who has the attnetion span of a dog gets told by the "Entertainment News Complex"....."SQUIRREL!!!!!!!!!!!" And you look.
I hope it's not. I hope they alive being held hostage somewhere.
even worse, then they really will die on camera one by one if demands arent met
ha uh yea maybe. even then at least they'd have a chance. and the Chinese government would make sure they suffer by making their camps glow in the dark for the next 1000 years, versus the US that fights wars with 2 arms tied behind its back.
just one question, can the plane fly that distance? if not, dont even bother looking but it means it was flying south...not east...lamo...
They cant keep track of a airplane in the air but they have a satellite that can get a image of debris a couple thousand of miles below the water.
about 4 years ago a ship came down and picked up my trailer.I been homeless ever since
4 days ago? Are you kiddin me?
And Where is the great American Spy machine during all this? our satellites are able to read the lic,plates on cars blah blah, maybe all we got is the nsa tracking phone calls.
Another possible sighting? Lets hope for all of the families sake.....they need answers.
A wing would still be floating after two weeks?
Blah blah blah...nothing confirmed... blah blah blah... still don't know... blah blah blah... may not be from missing jet...blah blah blah...anyone see a pattern?
why the images are so blur? not like google earth where can see even the plate numbers of a car!
Well, zoom out when looking at that enhanced picture, and see what your license plate looks like from the raw satellite data used to scan a large ocean.
"where can see even the plate numbers of a car!" Ummm...I dont think the angle of the image on google earth allows that.
if the plane really flew to the middle of the indian ocean, whatever was in control, was not human
I "might" actually be Gary Busey...
I believe it. And they say if you believe something hard enough you can make it happen.
I believe my pants should be on the floor, I believe it hard...So #$%$ hard!
LOL! Yeah well, Hugh Jackman never came to my door with a bouquet of flowers ;-)
Hey gang - Yahoo is giving me problems again. Can't post much and half the articles won't load!
It's been acting up all morning
Sack, it wasnt minimal at all. Your light lied
That's where you are going wrong, Lor, you can't think it, you have to believe it.
Dont get this twisted sister, poppy is always on top. You come to uncle Erics house of love every salad is tossed for a nominal fee. Now come over here so daddy can give you a little pat on the fanny and send you on your way. Stay golden pony boy.
Whatever you do, dont stain them you precocious little skamp. Now go back to bed and get your rest. Daddy'll wake you up when he gets home. Please dont pee on the rug.
I don't know about this father son team business. Sounds a bit fruity to me.
Kat its force majeure, these things happen.
I want to play! Don't mind my name I will put it in up to the balls and then maybe not stop..
Tip, did you fill out your suggestion card? If not you can forget it
As I said before, these things happen
I told you he gang bangshorses for the jockeys. Theyre too short and cant reach
Hi A. Eric is on a roll today.
Im always cumming perpetually, get behind the devider if your not ready for the manberry sauce. Hi Kat,
Ill light some candles and take a plethora of laxitives to give it that 'purple rain' stench. Dont open the window I dont wish to let the stank out.
Thats amazing, Ill bring my rock 'em sock 'em he-shaleilei sticks for the wicker working
Not my cup 'o tea, daddys always on top. Maybe we can split a Garcia Yvega and talk aboutit
Of course we can but he charges more than I and It'll take an awful lot of hard liquor to prime his photon torpedoes
Nah, he was one of a kind.
get a life and stop posting to yourself
Well, we laid a strip for the Jersey shore And prepared to cross the line I could see the bridge was lined with bears But I didn't have a dog-goned dime. I says, "Pig Pen, this here's the Rubber Duck. "We just ain't a-gonna pay no toll." So we crashed the gate doing ninety-eight I says "Let them truckers roll, 10-4."
Now we know how a high tech, high def satellite images look like...similar to Nessie's latest shots; a 1 pixel picture....
Not according to CNN.....Breaking News.......CNN: MISSING 777 SWALLOWED BY 'BLACK HOLE'? What are they Smoking over there ?
Isn't that the exact same picture that was thought to be debris last week? How much does anybody want to bet that they're going to make up a "We found it!" thing because so many people are without answers?
I flew P-3 Orions in the Navy and at least 2 have been to the scene. If the debris is from an aircraft, the crews know it......which makes me think that it's not.
The systems aboard P-3's are much more sophisticated than simply relying on someone looking out the window and spotting it.
If the satellites could spot an object in the ocean, how come they could not see the Boeing 777 flying over the ocean
If this is the plane... wth happened to have it go there.. and why?
The life of everyone on board depends upon just one thing: finding someone back there who can not only fly this plane, but who didn't have fish for dinner.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but if I kill all the golfers, they'll lock me up and throw away the key.
I think the capt. and eng. passenger is behind this. Wonder who the rest of the passengers are?
Sure hope we are keeping track of how much money the USA is spending on this. We need to make sure there is enough left over for Mrs O's China trip.
Pete, you are a jerk. Just thought you'd like to know.
This is just a tactic to take the public eye away from the issue with Russia.
All the media attention that is...
So, the White House controls the media? I'll bet Bill Clinton would have loved to know that during the Monica Lewinsky story.
The White House controls what it is able to control. Simply tell the media your sending ships, planes and satellites over an area and you just wagged the dog...
I think I seen the plain in a walmart parking lot, that makes as much sence as yahoo bogus news reports. I wish the best for the people on board.
Looks like an ultrasound picture to me ITS A BOY!!
I wonder if there is even the slightest chance that the plane didn't crash. Why are they so certain it has crashed?
It's called the law of probability, and this has been determined by scientific data from satellites and other sources. They start with the scenario that has the highest probability first.
Time to face reality, Tony. The pilots hijacked the plane, it crashed in the ocean, and all the passengers are dead. It's just exactly like 9/11.
Toni, Bud is nuts, so don't listen to him. Let's just play a little game. Post to your FB friends a question about, if it didn't crash, where could it be hiding out for 14 days? After the gales of laughter die down, you'll understand why you're still not the brightest bulb in the string.
Looking forward to putting this in the past. All the crazy theories etc. Will be nice to know its just muslim men causing more trouble, wont shock anyone.
in other Late Breaking News . . . . Harry Reid has confirmed that the waters of the oceans have a higher salt content than Lake Tahoe !
You are obviously one of the double digit IQs we send checks out to each month.
no terrorist group has claimed responsibility.......why hi jack an aircraft and not claim responsibility? Yet someone turned off several devices used to track the aircraft...?....it is obvious someone was trying to hide this plane while in flight...but why?. Suicide could be done by simply crashing the plane...who go through all of this if it was a suicide. No text or calls from passengers suggest they were quickly removed from the equation. Very strange.....a lot of possibilities. In the end I feel for the families as they struggle to deal with this. I hope for a good outcome but at this point that is highly unlikely
I still think the pilot flew the plane to Antarctica, no one is looking there
The Plane apparently flew 5000 miles Antarctica is roughly 3000 miles from Malaysia. It's possible that the pilot who was addicted to his flight simulator games probably played the scenario of landing the plane in Antarctica and decided to make it real. Who knows what happens I'm just throwing this theory out there to add to the UFO, Terrorism, Black Hole, Time Vortex, and Pilot Suicide theories.
I have been hearing about this all night they should have found it by now
Any idea how big the ocean is? Be patient.
Just another reason not to ever trust a Muzzielum!!!!!
The big question to me is what or who was on the plane could it have landed then taken off again, or was there something so bad on the plane the sent off to crash into the sea
WOW. You must be one of those folks who sits on the sidelines demanding action from those who are doing the actual work. If it makes you feel better.......
plane didn't crash, it was stolen.
This is funny , how the country gets news and then waits five days to act on it.
Here we go again. More trash floating in the ocean.
dollar to donuts, that's all what it is.
anyone wonder why the cutoffs for tracking would be in the cockpit? why were they able to simply turn them off? you would think a world in the grip of terrorism this would not be.
The #$%$ terrorists and their #$%$ associates are up to no good and planning another attack you can bet on that and their ol' buddy Obama will run a smoke screen for them
Throw her from the train, David.
And yet Google earth can show the make of car on my front street
What is this board, the Annual Woodchuck Holler Pancake Breakfast and Village Meetin'? Wow......
A wannabe President when asked about the cause of the crash commented, "What difference does it make now?" The lady is absolutely brilliant.
what ever... there is a lot of junk floating in the ocean.... the plane landed..
Why is it so hard for the media to express who Muslims really are? Low-life dirtbags with no souls.
Im amazed that if this is wreckage from Aircraft..being So Heavy, And still floating but yet no Papers, clothes, lighter objects...There should be lots of smaller floating things surrounding this huge area that the searchers should have seen while out there.
I assumed the length and width of the object wouldnt stay afloat for 13 days ang yet Many more lighter items are not visible..
Isn't that right where Courtney Love said it was?
Strange but true, very strange indeed.
''There is much speculation, as to the ''how-what,and why'', the reason(s) that the Malaysian's plane dis-appeared-in the first place..So, when all the facts start to measure-up to the ''rumors'', ''stories'', theories, and real life-situation there-of, I would refrain from speculative.!..However; taking upon the theory that the pilot(s), crew, or another knowledgeable, or experienced person took control over the plane-(for whatever purpose)- ''here's another theory, based on an intentional-suicide-crash, into the sea''..The pilot(s), presumed to be dead, but not necessarily-so..If he (or they pre-planned the operation), they could have parachuted-out at some point, only to be picked-up..It makes sense, for someone who has arranged to dis-appear,off the face of the earth, maybe to re-appear in the future as what.?..I Know it sounds fantastic, and right out of a hollywood-movie script, but has-not everything else that has happened-thus-far.!..
If you want to disappear it would be easier to go out for a pack of cigs and not come back, not pull a stunt that has 22 countries and their military looking for you.
(Yea, if a spouse goes out--to buy a pack of cigarettes, and wants to escape his (or her) spouse permanently..No one except maybe their spouse, will be looking for him..I Think this is ''a slightly different situation--Don't you.!..
They found very large pieces of debris a week or so ago, huge pieces like 78 feet by 80 feet that turned out to be nothing.
Could have been from the Japanese tsumani.
Yes, I'm sure there is tons of stuff still out there from that.
The plane has landed in Pakistan, our electronic detectors has picked it up once it entered the airspace, our intelligience service knows all about this and yet you don't hear a word from them, btw instead of Obozo making NCAA basketball picks, we have Russia in the Ukraine and a plane that has been hijacked....
you don't have to be so negative
its called multi-tasking you freak....he is working on the Ukraine issue and has also addressed the MH370 issue...you want him to go look for the plane himself? ....go continue #$%$ rush limbhogs balls...
To me it looks like it's a part of Malaysian Flight 370.
no one know anything all theories
waste of time ,resources and money to look for this plane. air flight is risky and this the risk you take.DEATH violent trauma,drowning,blood,broken bones,brain matter ,urine and defecate..fly Malaysia Air anyone?
BREAKING NEWS.......................Possible stool debris found floating in Santa Monica Bay.
I just hope that the plane be found well with alive passengers.....though it is hope against hope but still....
I wish the pilot should have been Capt. Chesley B. "Sully" Sullenberger, then we might have a miracle.
And what makes you think the pilot was at fault here? You know something we don't?
You think Chesley is God? I think not.
Without Sat's this plane would never have come close to being found.
This is most likely path plane that didn't want to be found would have flown. Also most likely spot a pilot would have set auto course for if he had been hijacked and didn't want his plane to be used to kill others.
I saw a big piece of metal in the Mojave about 8 years ago. Coincidence or conspiracy!!!! You decide!
Remotest? Do you seriously think that is a word? Does nobody proofread these articles? The superlative form of "remote" is "most remote".
Do you think Yahoo would really want to proofread anything and act professional? That's too haaaaarrrd. I'll bet they don't even have editors on staff. But they DO employ quite a lot of censors to monitor these boards. Whoops! There goes my comment!
Wake up idiots - NO FIRE
Just write it off as Allah's will, and forget about it.
I'm sorry, but with 239 people on board and not one of them had GPS locaters on their cell phone? Hell, my 78 yr old father knows how to track my movement using our cell phones. There is definately a cover up...or aliens.
cover up or aliens. hmmm. quite a wide spread there. i'm going with cover up, no, I'm going with aliens.
After almost two weeks, any plane debris must have drifted hundreds of miles.
I feel very bad for the families.. on top off the bad news they are going through they also have the media suffocating them.. leave these people alone they have enough to deal with
That's not the plane. The plane vanished in a bermuda triangle incident
Looks like the samen debris a couple days, if not a week, ago.
right on Gort....when you find this plane -- let me know....better yet --- who cares....just wrap the bodies up and ship them off to China....maybe they can be used in some dog food or platter of Gum Sum Dung.....there are about 1 trillion chinese in the world....a few hundred will not be missed.
You really need to get a life. Jeez!
@ ken --- hey --- I gave your wife a dose......
"Possible debris"? Either it is debris or not?
Possible debris related to the missing plane.
Is the Aussy satellite a polaroid camera taped to a weather balloon?
I just find it odd, that if this plane was hijacked, why aren't the terrorist online bragging about it....they always rub our noses in their dastardly deeds....I lean toward the crash scenario simply because the terrorist aren't bragging about stealing the plane....nobody keeps their mouth shut this long....
Part of the plane or not, their seems to be a lot of large debris floating around Asia.
Maybe all our oceans are like that. We are just noticing because of public satellite images.
look how long it took to find those people on gilligans island.
Same marking Courtney Love pointed out. Wow a Rock Stars wife found it first.
and all this time I thought satellite can 'zoom' in
Interestingly, the debris found by Chinese "released by accident" on satellite was exactly the same size as the debris found by Australia satellite, hmm.
.......and said to be the same as what Courtney Love offered! strange?
Yeah the Courtney Love thing shocked the world that she may still be functional
The difference is the Chinese sighting last week was archived on Google Maps where I found the exact same image minutes after Chinese releases false news.
No one was searching in that area yet as the search area had not been expanded to cover the area near Australia yet when China released their debris claims. The China debris was investigated and found to be unrelated. That was news last week.
Yes but the exact same size? Very coincidental no?
Do we have standard 75' debris pieces floating in the ocean? I think not.
I hope it's it so these people can have closer.
This story is old news! What the Sheeple really want to know about is what is happening with Justin Beiber and the Kardashians.
4 days ago. None of these countries could fly a jet there to take a screenshot of the debris real fast? Must not be that great of a lead.
But why fly there to commit suicide?
I guess to disappear without a trace !! ..... adds a little climax to the event and their names to history.
sucks to think there may have been survivors floating around only to have the rescuers searching the wrong area
I wonder if Israel is behind this, like they were 9-11?
Just wondering......why will it take "several days" to confirm this stuff? Fly a sea-plane there and see what it is! This kind of un-explained blathering hesitancy is very frustrating!
Easier said than done. Only a fool will ask that kind of question.
AH! "easier said than done"! THAT explains it! Gee golly.... THANKS! I would never have comprehended a "several day" delay without your detailed and "in-depth" (no pun intended!) "explanation"!
This is no joke - but CNN actually broadcasted their theory - that a black hole swallowed the 777.. bahahah
"CNN’s Don Lemon has been entertaining all sorts of theories about the missing Malaysian Airlines Flight 370, including the chance something “supernatural” happened, but on Wednesday night, he actually asked panelists about the possibility a black hole was involved. Lemon brought this up along with other “conspiracy theories” people have been floating on Twitter, including people noting the eerie parallels to Lost and The Twilight Zone, and wondered, “is it preposterous” to consider a black hole as a possibility?"
kind of makes you wonder about their target audience....and you know someone out there is buying. Black Hole! You gotta be joking?
I'm not joking. This Don Lemon guy is a couple slices short a loaf.
I think the two debris are just trash
you ar a alays good.thank you.
Where is NSA when you need them! Oh yeah, they are spying on US citizens, not Malaysians.......
I bet that is not the plane. They just need to appease the masses.
i bet the media will hate it if it is the plane , they are so wrapped up in ratings instead of dignity , they re gonna hate to see this cash cow go away
Alicia---And if they weren't covering the plane incident, you would accuse them of being heartless and uncaring. Try this: Shut up.
Has anyone questioned the wife of the pilot who left the house with her kids? Did the pilot have an argument with her? Could that be a reason for him to want to commit suicide?
Muslims truly believe they will go to heaven with 72 virgins waiting for them if they die while killing multiple non-Muslems. Google It.
Hope they are still looking at the northern track while they chase this "lead."
The CIA is focused on the Northern Track. The Southern track was designed to keep the media and public busy while the Seals plan a rescue operation.
I hope the suffering of the families comes to an end soon.May ALLAH give them strength in their hour of trial.
Anderson Cooper and Jake Tapper have to be on MonsterJobs.com looking for an escape route!
LOL that was hilarious. Nothing harder than covering the same story for 2 weeks with no evidence!
I know, it is horrendous, and they touch no other stories.. Like possibly focusing a bit harder on the Ukraine.. Sadly, some of their ratings go up because we tax payers think with our feet sometimes and forget what is truly important at this very moment.
My guess....vaporized by Global Warming. Mystery solved. Send money now.
But Al Gore has the copyright to collect money from the Global Warming BS. He might sue you.
i guess the B2 bomber isn't the most stealthy plane out there
If there were survivors waiting to be saved, it would suck so much if they die after hanging on for so long and not getting saved....
they are clutching at straws.It is likely sea garbage.I will say the media covering the incident has been absolutly terrible,cnn has only been mentioning this incident out of a million events occuring at once for what appears to be strictly a rating game.And they show journalists harrassing the grieving victims families.Its ridiculous they should be left alone
These objects are below the surface of the water... who knows how deep?
which further leads to it being speculation and actually being sea garbage.If its below the surface of water its probley part of of the indian ocean garbage patch.
These latest "satellite images" look strangely the same as the other satellite images they saw before....hmmm...
It's just a copy and paste, those Aussies know their tricks for sure!
The other photos were from China. Neither Country is going to provide enhanced close-up photos to the public or the media. They are willing to help, they are not willing to show military spy capability.
This has been posted all day! How long to get there? Are they going by a trireme for God's sake?
Believe it or not they actually have darkness at night in Australia. Ever been in the ocean at night? It's really dark even with a full moon.
I think this sighting calls for false hope and leads people to believe they found the missing aircraft.
Is anyone else tired of breaking news about POSSIBLE debris instead of breaking news for CONFORMATION of debris being found....
What kind of 1950's satelite photos are these? I can see what kind of cars are in my driveway on google earth and this is the best photos theyve got... I call BS....
Until you know more than zip about satellite imagery, you might want to shut your pie hole.....
Why is this story still on Yahoo front page? It was determined hours ago that nothing of importance was found. Oh wait. I know. Because it's freakin' Yahoo!
The Satellites can spot a pimple on your #$%$ on the down stroke but can't get a clear picture of 79ft debris ? Yah ok.
They blur it for security reasons, Gump.
yah ok....spoken by a true ignoramus
Hey IPAD, or should I say KOTEX PAD, what I commented on is FACT, not fiction coming from the DEMOCRAPS!!!!! I am not brain-dead, I read. You should try it sometime. LOL. Oh , by the way, you should learn how to conjugate sentences
They'll find out its four Samoans in a canoe.
REALLY THE .. #$%$'S SHOULD SHUT THE EFF UP. UNTIL THEY ACTUALLY GET DEBRIS.. MORONS..... UTTERLY RIDICULOUS EVERY DAY IS MORE BULL.... AND MORE BULL....
should the relatives be interviewed to determine if any text messages or phone calls were received while the plane was still in the air ?
Another person who doesn't understand how cell phones work. Hint: They aren't magical.
Can't agree with CNN simulator pilot-plane would not go down gently. Unless one considers 145 mph crash into 20ft waves gentle. Speed below aprrox. 150 would put plane in stall-resulting in nose dive crash.
You are exactly right and hitting water at that speed in that size plane would be like hitting a concrete wall. Doubt if there would be any pieces that large floating, but there would be a lot of debris on top water and a lot of floating bodies. The plane is on land.
cnn-breaking news fox-news alert, enough already
This just in: we still don't know jack s#i+, Film at eleven.
BS ..... Why would it be anywhere close to there? Please provide a reason.
Because Elvis flew it there looking for the true JFK assasin
Suicide and he did not want to be found. Or incapacitated and it flew on it's own until ran out of fuel. Or, we will never know. Probably the latter.
Trying to screw with that genious aura of yours .Dope .
^^^^^^^^^^ Huh? Who said anything about emptying fuel?
Quit listening to banter and try, really hard, to think for yourself.
Nevermind what? The facts which someone officially confirms or the banter of the talking heads? Or even worse the constant nonsense like they dumped fuel which you read in some comment and took it to be true?
I blame Obama!!! Just look at those beady eyes and tell me he doesn't get a thrill off killing Americans!!!!
There is something seriously wrong with you...
Just putting it out there...but what if something happened like with Payne Stewart's airplane??? Everyone is dead and the plane is flying...runs out of fuel and crashes?? Just a thought
Actually, there is a theory put forth from a pilot that a fire may have happened and incapacitated everyone. The pilot tried to turn around, but once he was out - the plane just kept flying. I think this is the most plausible explanation at this point...
The transponders would have stayed on until it crashed.
Everyone keeps asking why no one used they're cell phones. I don't think there are any cell phone towers out over the ocean. There are MANY places on land that cell phones don't even work.
I'm bettin' it ain't. Sorry, just got a feeling it was stolen.
The Pilots had a suicide pact.
That's quite a leap. Is the idea of an accident just too boring for you?
How about they were lovers too? Does that spice things up?
Perhaps part of a sleeper cell and Mr. Ali said "now". If taking the plane down was the plan and making it hard to find to keep the world busy ... what happens next?
It was no accident. Tracking systems, radios etc don't just get turned off by accident. Dip$hit.
Thanks for playing Randy, but indeed they do.
In a perfect world that debris would be from Air Force One.
You're a disgrace to this country.
No, the past two administrations have been the real disgrace to this country.
I have not agreed with the politics of several presidents in my lifetime but I have never once wanted to see harm come to any of them. To suggest such a thing shows not just your lack of patriotism it also shows a lack of compassion. Your ability to wish death upon those you disagree with shows you have a black heart and a screwed up mind.
Dave, put the bong down and walk away.
Dave, if the debris was from Air Force One, you'd be complaining about how, because of Obama, we need to spend a ton more money to replace air force one. And you'd complain about how he was on yet another vacation. And you complain about how the liberal media is making such a big deal over the death and funeral of Obama. And then you'd joke how no one is reporting the 'real' story, that terrorists took out the plane because of a video and does it really matter anyway (har har!). Then you'd complain that, for some reason, Joe Biden is in charge instead of Rush Limbaugh. And about all the money spent on the Obama funeral. So, not sure exactly how you think it would be better.....
"Possible object"? I'd definitely say it's an object.
When those 72 virgins turn out to be big, hairy, fat guys, the pilots will regret their actions.
If they were in Australia, they are shark baits. Their ocean is swarming with big sharks. Not a nice place to be in the water.
They would have all been killed upon impact if the plane hit the water.
When Courtney Love gets involved, and makes headline news...this world is messed up.
Note to Self: "If the Pilot of my plane is named Mustafa, Mohammed, Hussein, Barack, or any other Terrorist Muzzielum named, Please avoid and take the next flight!!!"
Abdul will be you pilot in the next flight......lol
@ Leroy, Knowing my luck, you are probably correct!!! LOL
I'm listening to Glenn Beck. He makes me want to go poopie.
I sometimes listen to Glenn Beck. What I've found is that what he talks about often comes to pass eventually. Folks say very unflattering things about him, but my observation is that this is not a stupid man - but there is a lot of stupid public.
Is any news on Fox NOT breaking?
commenter - thats a good 1 - some more breaking news is Orielly doesnt agree with Obama - Hannity doesnt agree with Obama - no body on fox agrees with Obama - no body on fox agrees with the dems - just thought I would keep you up to date with foxs idea of fare and balanced news reporting - every one that doesnt think like them is wrong and they are right - go figure -
Maybe this is all just a distraction from the fact we are about to go to war with Russia!?
I think people would notice a war....even with a missing plane story. Dum#$%$.
Hey David, do you live under a freakin rock somewhere? Perhaps you should tune in on some real news, get away form CNN and MSNBC becuase they are not talking much about what's going on right now between Us and Russia. We are on the verge of WAR you stuopid dipstick! Stop sucking obama's thingy and get educated you moron!
Poor wittle David can't stand the thought that his GOD obama is about to get us into WWIII. Dem Libs are so freakin in denial it's sickening!
Let me clue yuo in on something Mr. David. The lamestream medai, Obama's media is not saying much about the troubles between us and Russia. The reason why is because the media does not wnat people to realize Obama is about to get us into a very bad situtaion and maybe even a war with Russia. I highly recomend that you go search on these keywords so you can get the FACTS of whats really going on right now. (USA Russia war WWIII) you will learn something instead of being fed a bunch of leftist media cover ups to protect your god obama!
Bill, I see you typing words, but I am reading same old GOP bull. Obama does not control the media, stupid.
to bad Obama was not on board....America could use a break !
This was an inside job by one of the pilots. He didn't want the plane to be found.
it is in a hanger and will be used by terrorist in the near future after they stop looking for it
don't believe the plane is huge I say huge not enough look for more bull I need more
I'm 10.5 cut and thick as a soda can ;)
ever seen a Foster's can? I'm yo man
Why give me thumbs down? It's plausible, Antarctica isn't too far away. Learn some geography you losers.
It could very well be a wing, on a 777 they are about 80 feet. If you want to see what a large jet looks like crashing into the sea after running out of fuel google for Ethiopian Air flight #961...the wings snapped off but remained whole.
LOL on that idiot on CNN that said the plane was swallowed by a black hole. Doesn't he know Michelle Obama in in China right now?
Black hole? Yeah right. Clearly they were abducted by aliens.
and don't forget the prime rib " all you can eat" $9.95
When have those so called floating seat cushions ever come in handy?
Looks like the Arstralians have Kodak Brownie Cams.
Looks like Dennis can't spell Australians.
No its not the plane, just a way to end the story
the jet must have landed in Taliban lol..
Hillary and McCain say American airlines should hire more muslim pilots
Man, I be playing Gin all day with Ray and his punch drunk son Calvin, AKA "Ring Tone" and they STILL! haven't positively IDeed the floating debris? Unbelievable. I'm so despondent with Yahoo that I might even read this article!
Those pics look like they found...............nothing!
lot of infeed here and only speculation, no one knowes yet, so your opinons are like A- holes, everyone has one, so dont jump the gun, it will come togeather sooner or later, or mabe never, a strange deal here
200000 odd people die of famine, disease, hunger, war, etc . . . in a week, and they are just statistics. 233 fire monkeys on a MH360 plane die and it is a 24 hour news event for weeks. Humans - what a failed species.
come on dude these ppl are loved and missed by some ppl, have a damm heart, if not shut the hell up
Roger that johnie boy. One question: Is your head up your #$%$ for the warmth ???
Seriously johnie boy, according to you the a little over 200 on MH360 are missed by some people but the millions sacrificed to unnecessary famine, disease, hunger, war, etc . . . are NOT missed by anyone ??? Maybe you ought to think about that some.
Jimmy Hoffa knows where the plane is.
The debris could be a capsized boat from the Tsunami
Dear America - This is the NSA.... We are conducting a security defense test..... The United Nations Chemical weapon defense team will be highjacking an airplane to do a real life test/practice... Phase I of thwart & capture the terrorist - NSA agents failed..... Phase II - Destination & Target - is coming to contaminate air/water near you (oh wait, we don't know that, shhhhh).... If NSA and the Defense system we are testing, fails to capture the plane before it hits it's target - we hope you have insurance cause we'll never admit we were involved!!! Please get your Health Care Coverage before March 31st.. TIGHTENS FOIL CAP AND WAVES TO THE NSA AGENT SPYING ON US INSTEAD OF LOOKING FOR TERRORISTS!!!
Lets hope we finally find out what happend this appears to be our best bet.now its time for hashem to do the rest. what do you guys think
Look for the plane in the antartica. If they think the path was that far south, then maybe it headed to the south pole to land. Makes as much sense as some of the stuff that I have heard.
BREAKING NEWS JUST HAPPENED 2 MINUTES ON FOX NEWS CHANNEL 60 DEBRIS WAS CONFIRMED AS GARBAGE- REAPEATING- DEBRIS FROM THE PHOTOS ARE CONFIMED AS GARBAGE- STAY TUNED
APPLICATIONS FOR THE NOSE SNIFFING POSITION ARE NOW OPEN INTERVIEWS ON SITE
FOX NEWS ON CHANNEL 60 ON CHARTER CABLE IN NYC HAS CONFIMED THE PHOTOS ARE GARBABGE PASS THE WORD ALOING
Everyone's gone and this was no accident..Case solved.
NEED MORE NOSE SNIFFERS IF YOUR GONNA FIND THIS WRECK!
Why don't all planes have something on them that will float to the surface in case of ocean crashes?
yes; airline seats are designed to float.
Are these the satellites that are suppose to spy on us.......................
Well, it's good to know even if they spy on us they won't be able to locate us!
HELP WANTED- FULL AND PART TIME--- NOSE SNIFFERS- MALAYSIAN AIRLINES IS SEEKING NOSE SNIFFERS TO SNIFF OUT DEBRIS FROM A 2 WEEK OLD CRASH APPLY WITHIN- BENEFITS FOR FULL TIME- FREE TRAVEL, MEDICAL, DENTAL, FREE ROOM AND BOARD, CABLE TV, WIFI, UTILITIES INCLUDING FREE CELL PHONE INCLUDED
It could be garbage, old aircraft or ship...Just hope for the best.
"That part of the Indian Ocean" is not that far from the antipodal Bermuda Triangle. Hmmmm.,,
What is Courtney Love saying today?
In other words, they have nothing. I wish this would end somehow, it's getting old. Lay off it until there is something real to report.
....if tail sections usually float after a crash, why not install the black box in the tail section?
Well it would be a big relieve to know they found it,,,,,,
Day 87- Wait this is it! We found some stuff in the water....
Please God let them find this plane!!
Whether on land or in the sea, "let them find this plane."
pilot flew it into ocean after it ran out of fuel !
after starting out with other nefarious deeds and/or intentions and chickened out or couldn't turn back. ...then taking the plane to where it would be least likely to be found.
Suicide! or jail , then death by Malaysian law...
An aircraft electrical failure solves everyone's questions...End of story...
It would take the failure of several different electrical systems including a windmill generator.
Did you know this is the ONLY news going on in the ENTIRE WORLD ? - Talk about overkill. You can't even watch it anymore. The same thing...over, and over, and over.... True insanity.
They're hiding the plane on top of the CNN Headquarters building in Atlanta - and watching broadcasts of Wolf Blitzer....
There was nothing found. I think it's hidden in Harlum .
(from another article, mirror co uk). Uri Geller was asked by a "substantial figure" in Malaysia to use remote viewing to find MH370. "It is my opinion that something happened to the pilot," said Mr Geller. ------- That is amazing;he is no doubt the real deal! (sarcasm)
You scoff, but I'll bet they find bent spoons in the wreckage.
The guy in the video had foster beer
Sad for the families and I am sorry to say but what a Cluster Fyck...they are not going to find it - the ocean is to vast and deep...RIP...
A reporter on CNN said there was a "black ho" on the flight
Can the moronic "news" media stop with this story? NO ONE KNOWS WHAT HAPPENED! This is just the glittering object that is currently fascinating us.
Well do you think they're dead or what?
Talk about a needle in a haystack!!!
This is the real life version of Lost, got to find the island before they move it.
Not another word about this lost palne-----until you find it------ok ??????????????
I wonder, what is the carbon footprint of this search?
Maybe the image is bigfoot on a surfboard.
The democrats are saying "OH DARN! Now everyone is going to talk about obamacare again..."
why do commercial aircraft have an off switch on there transponders?
Because they sometimes send incorrect information that can cause problems with Air Traffic Control.
if there is a two long debris, that means that the plane may have been exploded, where are the tiny bits of materials then??? i think this is another fancied news.... to calm those families waiting for their relatives who were at the plane..
2 miles down...gonna be hard to find the boxes...how deep was the French jet that crashed in the Atlantic?
pray for the victims and their families & everyone affected
This is a job for Siri!
They already asked Siri, and she said the plane was up your #$%$ leaning on your brain.
Yeah she sure is dumb isn't she?
why hasn't a ufo abduction been put forth, because gov'ts fear this would lead to panic, but that is clearly what happened.
Sure, an advanced culture that has speed-of-light propulsion systems, and advanced space flight capability is going to steal one of our putrid airliners. Ya nailed it.
what do you know the plane didn't get swapped........so they doooooo know what common sense is those typical American idiots
How do you know?? Did that Just get reported?? Thought the search had ended for the day with No findings...
Ya know what, this is absolutely bizarro. Should we all be worried? At this point we all know it's a bunch of lies, oh Lordy.
@Jennifer. I think your are right.....a bunch of lies. I think It was stolen to be used as a bomb. So, it's time for everyone to get out of the the water, and on the right path.......in oh so many ways.
what does this story have to do with the kardashians
"LIES! It's clearly in northern Pakistan! Iran must have helped usher it there! Now we know we have to help support Israel declare war on Iran! Faux News and Rupert Murdoch said it, so it must be true!"
just another NWO distraction,, what do you think they are doing with this "crisis" mmmmmm?!
so one of the pilots played games?
let us hope this will be the breakthrough we have been waiting for so that these families can start the true grieving process
There is more to this sheeple.. The pilots flight simulator is in route to Virginia and the FBI headquarters! Why??
Simple, so they can pin it on him. Why isn't the chinese government reviewing it?
They have the computer expertise to recover "erased" data.
I like how you think.. Do not know if I concur 100% but you are a free thinker! I like that.
That plane is at the bottom of a big ocean.
Yeah... its certainly not possible for the hijackers to have dropped some "debris" in the Ocean to mislead everyone.
Didn't we hear they had a lead off china by some other debris?
We will never be told the truth about this! This plane is in Pakistan flown there by another crazy muslim..
those are the same 2 sat pics they showed on yahoo 10 days ago and then said that after closer search that was not a plane in the water#$%$ is going on?
Similar, but not the same pics. Stuff floating in the ocean. The other pics were of much smaller objects.
They should of installed Lojack on the plane, because they would of already found it. It really works. That is why I think they are feeding us a bunch of B$.
I was told by someone who flys alot that every plane even the 2 seaters have something that signals where they are....(cant remember what he exactly called it) but he said no one can manuelly shut it off....why hasnt anyone said anything about this?
No disrespect intended, but anyone can say anything, whether or not it is true is another story. Have you ever encountered someone who portrays themselves to know it all, especially when nobody else present knows enough about the subject to refute anything they are saying?
Makes no sense to be here.. Where would it have been going? Antarctica? If it was on auto pilot and just ran out of fuel it still would need a course input for this trajectory and there is NOTHING THERE for this plane to go to or land on. I think they are in for a big disappointment with this discovery. NO logical reason for this rout at all.
If this isn't it I think they are SOOL.
There was a peculiar evil in the cockpit
So like nobody thinks Abdula Bin Flyinglong had anything to do with it?
Maybe Spider Pig knows where it is?
So wait, Courtney Love WASNT right?
I know....whats up with THAT? it made the news...so it must have been true that she found the plane....I am sure its a conspiracy against Courtney......I'll get a hashtag or a facebook page going....what is this world coming to
How do you lost that large of a plane? You don't. Someone doesn't want that plane to be found and they are doing a good job. Think about it.
'How do you lost that large of a plane?"....literacy....think about it.
I still believe they are trying to find that plane for real.
Possible, Credible, May, Sources, Asked not to be identified because they were not authorized, New Information, New Headline, New Look, A Second Look, ..........these and many more - if you see them, go to the next story - they've just re-hashed the original story....again......
watch it in youtube "alien abducting a cow" i was lucky that i was survivor. lol
NYC TV SAID IT WAS A SHIP THAT WAS 10 AM EASTERN TIME ON WNBC NEWS NEW YORK CITY
Sooo! The Saudi Parliament was aboard this plane. Saudi's did not want this information released. Thank You FOX News for this NEW update. Wonder W H O M A , they wanted, taken care of, so to speak.
Sometimes God is hard to figure out. Why can't this be about Air Force 1?
YHWH has an agenda and He is working it. To find out what it is, read the Book of Revelation in your Bible.
We're at Revelation 11 and 12.
@ Bill: Who you talkin' to?
Explain how you can believe in a god, which I'm going to assume makes you a relatively religious person, yet you are wishing people dead.
Yes Bill I am a traitor to Obama's anti-American ideals and Muslim loving attitude, but I am first a Patriot to what this country stands for and what I have fought against. Don't tread on me is not just a slogan. So spew on hate lover.
Wendy I believe in the God that this country stands for. Obama does not. Obama should be glad that God is merciful. He will stand before him. That's my God soapbox for today.
I stand by my comment. You are a traitor to this country and to God. Hell will welcome you to its haters club.
What God exactly does this country stand for? Thought I heard somewhere ALL gods are welcome here-must have been reading that darn constitution again-think it even said something about separation of church and state
WHAT ABOUT SENDING DRONES USING GPS TO FIND FLOTTING DEBRE THEY DO NOT NEED REFULING AND IT EXCELLANT USE OF DROWNS
Floating debris isn't equal to u.s. citizens. Unless drones r being used to kill terrorists, they r only good for spying on us according to our government.
well if you look for something you will eventually find something. this something could be just ANYTHING!
Those grey and white photos look a lot like a ship in ocean I believe the Satellite pics Courtney Love found look more like the plane not to mention that big oil slick
MY CAPS BUTTON IS BROKEN- IT A DELL LAPTOP- DELL SUCKS- JUST LIKE THE MALAYSIAN GOVT- I JUST BOUGHT A NEWER LAPTOP ON EBAY- NOT A DELL!!!!!
Then type holding the shift key down like I am doing. Don't be a putz.
"I would never take the flight if I knew the pilots are muslim , they are evil people , came from hell sent by the devil" this comment has more likes that dislikes........How stupid are some of you? You honestly think all Muslims are evil people? Ignorance to the maximum.
My credible guess is Moby #$%$ and her calf having a sun tan.
@ Jane Wardell and Siva Govindasamy.....If this isn't the plane..do you still get paid for writing this #$%$ story?? I'm in the wrong line of work. Imagine writing lies and getting paid for it.
No, the problem with you is that you can't think of the lies to write, or have the communication skills to express them. Keep you current job.
OMG! how devastating to know...it is so close to the Antarctica and the swirling freezing conditions. IF ANYONE COULD POSSIBLY SURVIVE...it would be an ABSOLUTE MIRaCLuE OF THE UNIVERSE
YOU NEED A LOT MORE NOSES TO SNIFF THIS ONE OUT!
THE MALAYSIAN GOVT IS HIRING- PART - TIME NOSE SNIFFERS- FREE , TRAVEL, FREE MEALS, FREE HOTEL STAYS- APPLY WITH IN- COLLEGE STUDENTS WELCOME
KEEP LOOKING! THATS A CONTAINER FLOATING WITH USED UNDERWEAR INSDE
Lotta tin-foil hats on display over this story. Reynolds Aluminum stock must be sky-high this week!
I use the Costco brand myself.
You think they will find the king kong island too?
For the love of John the Baptist, please find these poor people so we can move on!
that altitude and speed. crew, pilot and passengers and the plane and its mechanical technology and electronics only....no one there to help them......I don't know is anyone could think of controlling the plane and survival...poor helpless people. I am deeply sad on this incidence.
Obama is going to load the Jet with Nukes and fly it over NYC to take your liberties...They got away with 911...we all know it....
LIES LIES LIES...CIA can see your license from space...Like the Moon landing,,,BS!
Australian news caster's sound mentally challenged..
This that debris story from last night? They know it's not the debris this story is real old. Update us Yahoo. Get this bogus news off already
The other debris was off the coast of Vietnam. This is near Australia. It was discovered on 4-day old satellite footage and is being called a credible lead. The two pieces are consistent with wing span sizes and are likely well below the surface and moved by current from that location days later. It will take a while to find the pieces and confirm what they are. It's still the best lead they have, considering the new course that was entered after the plane left.
In other news....the Japanese officials are please to announce that large missing pieces of the Fukashima reactor have been found floating in the southern Indian ocean.
main thing is too see if its a part of the plane now, and if its a dump part, example baggage cargo box or a wreck piece, like a door. If its a dump part, i can only see the worst.
To all seicencists in the world... Please develope a remotely operating flight control system to operate the flight in the case of cabin decompression occurred accidently where all crew and passenges gone unconseious....who is there to control the flight in such situation? I have a fear that this couold be cause of failure!!
Dont tell CNN this news,it will destroy their programming for the next ten days.
Yeah, there goes their "black hole" theory.
Sure, we can see every planet in our solar system crystal clear, our own houses from Google Earth, and yet they think they believe we are seeing their best photo.
that debri could have floated 2000 miles in 5 days
Send James Cameron...he'll find it...he'll film it....
Courtney Love discovered that image last week
They'll find the plane @ the next scheduled gynecological visit from Miley Cyrus.
so I thought obama was running the search
Good that he's NOT. Notice how much time passed before he even commented on the Crimea situation. All he did was let his little puppet Kerry do his dirty work and speak for U.S. God help us all.
yeah thats because his speech writer was in the john getting new material
I thought the nsa was doing a great job
Or so most of us thought. If the gov't and military acted like this in WWII they wouldn't have been able to find Hitler!
I feel bad for the families. They've heard and been told so many stories and still no answers. Of course this one is going to be in a remote area of the ocean during a storm that's going to make it difficult to search. Who knows who took over the plane and for what purpose. Where were they going?
so what is it did it crash or did someone steal it if you do find it crashed someone should say sorry for trash talking the pilots
The satellites pictures are from March 16 !!! Why only now they are published ? The Malaysian government keep lying and covering info for four days !! Something very fishy indeed.....
Yep, that's what I've been saying. Whoever was flying that plane knew EXACTLY what to do and how to manipulate the lat/long readings to throw off any search attempts to locate the aircraft. They are def. trying to hide something and do NOT want that plane or it's contents found at all. Also too many politics involved. This is worse than an Indiana Jones search for the Holy Grail.
Holy Bajesus Batman! Spotted four days ago and we still don't know what it is? Good thing no-one is in need of rescue they'd been gone three days ago.
Several rats actually. Too much conspiracy if you ask me.
I'm not saying this could be a clue, but wasn't there a story about a plane losing a wing panel mid flight? This looks like it could be a plane's wing panel.
BAD RAIN!!! BAD FOG!!! You're not co-operating with the searchers! BAD! BAD! BAD!
there's a lot of junk in that part of the ocean.
why cant they see other debris in the water my prayers go out to the family
Good reason to have NSA surveillance extend to Malaysia and other countries. Protect travelers from assaults like Malaysian Airlines, 911 etc....
911 happened here, which was bad. Surveillance should be all over the world.
I was checking on line Indian Ocean map plots using Tomnod (Digital Globe) and the only thing I saw go by was a cow on a raft holding a sign that said "Eat Mor Chikin".
Is there any tangible proof that a plane even took off in the first place? Everyone is off looking for a lost plane ... what if they pulled a "balloon boy" stunt (ala Richard Heene, 2009), and the plane never even left the airport?
some other news suggesting a recovery vessel had left an Australian port. why did this vessel leave port?
It is a worldwide search from many countries, jerk.
there would be much more to see than those two pieces in australian sat image.
I think Governments, Boeing, Agencies, etc. they all collect real-time flight information, they know where is the plane, but could not directly say it. "Privacy", don't ask don't tell.
Don't be surprised if a slightly used 777 with a bad paint job shows up on eBay. I'll let you guys know when I see it.
Now, EVERY floating piece of junk in the ocean is going to be a "credible lead". Oops!! Sorry, that was a 5 year old water heater...My bad!!
look here a enhanced satellite image of a chinese floater
At least it doesn't appear to be yellow Chinese noodles.
zooming in on "debris". looks like a small freighter.
they're as dead as Julius Ceasar
why freakin say anything these families have been through a lot already....tell them something when it or parts there of are found.
The absurd "theories" that people come up with are comical. Some of the most ridiculous comments I've ever seen, what a joke indeed......
I'd think after ten days you'd start a sub search and ask fishermen to open up any sharks they catch in their nets....
What piece of a 777 is 79 feet long and floats? I don't think this is the plane.
This presupposes the plane made a fairly gentle landing (if it came straight down it would have been pulverized by the force of the impact, even in water), but yes, it could be a wing or the tail (which apparently is a lightweight composite on this type of plane, and might float, at least for a while). I guess the question is, how could the plane have made any sort of controlled crash? The only explanation to fly there is suicide (whether you stay alive until the crash or just until after you program the autopilot is irrelevant). That argues against any kind of controlled landing. Is a 777 sufficiently automated that it will try to make a controlled landing when fuel is exhausted absent pilot imput (i.e., does the plane automatically try to alter trim to maintain some kind of level flight) ? Someone who knows a lot more about commercial aircraft than me is going to have to answer that one.
Today's news said it was a freighter.
Way down below the ocean Where I wanna be, she may be Way down below the ocean Where I wanna be, she may be Way down below the ocean Where I wanna be, she may be
One of our planes is missing.
sure it was not a submarine?
why not go to the site confirm then announce
I hope they find it....so CNN can move on and talk about other news.
I was in the U.S. Navy for 24 years and I don't think people realize how much junk is floating in the oceona..big and small. This stuff could be anything!
I was in the navy on an aircraft carrier, and I was amazed how much trash and garbage the Navy dumped into the middle of the oceans. Even with the marines using the floating bags for target practice a huge amount of trash just floated away in trash bags. Sickening. They need to put some kind of incinerator for trash and garbage on these huge Navy ships.
If Obama would of just sent our air force from day one we would of found it by now....this is all obamas fault
Isn't this where Courtney Love already spotted it....
Odd? Strange? Eerie, to say the least!
if it was suicide why didnt they just take it down rite away? makes no scence that they were going to nowhere?
Fu JANE....this is a plant....any piece of #$%$ floating in the water is NOW part of the plane...the plane was high jacked and landed...all on board are slaves now....smarten the F up
here we go again, a new day with a new lead.
Sick of the theory's, pretty soon they will say they see debris in the Gulf of Mexico! C'mon, report the facts, not conspiracy!!!!
does anyone remember the spy satellite that took images of a woman hanging her clothes in Australia? they sure were very sharp images wernt they. where is it at today?
If you are going to crash a plane full of people to make a point for your cause, why would you go where no one can find said plane? Things that make you go hmmmm.
This is not suppose to happen in this day and age! This is a gigantic plane! What went wrong?
That debris may have been dropped by Malaysian aircraft to make therelatives stop causing such a fuss and stop the search. js
The advice/views of astrologists will give some moral support mental relaxation to the investigators/agencies involved day & night to solve the issue ailing for every sensible human. Commentor
I thought we had satellites that can read the ingredients on a Coke can...... Zoom in
Every piece of trash in the Pacific is a sign of the jet crash then?
more #$%$ from these stupid nit-wit reporters again, these donkeys don't know nothing
With all these theories going around by the self proclaimed "experts" on here, I think it is a little bit irresponsible to forget this one: Maybe the plane hit 88 MPH and went back in time?
Were there reports of lightning? could still work
Why dont Google use their satellite.....heck.. I can see my car in my driveway with it
April showers bring May flowers, remember that people.......
" Possible debris " ? Why does the media alway do this kind of #$%$ ? They have no clue as to what this stuff really is or what its from...could Possibly be debris from a UFO....How about getting " Facts " then letting us know.... Wouldn't that be something to write about... I can see the Head Lines : " Facts reported first in news story " World stunned !!!
Sadly, I think it was hijacked and is at some abandoned airfield being outfitted for something more evil
Probably debris from the Japanese tsunami.....like a lot of debris that keeps washing up on Pacific shores......
Too large and not enough debris to be part of the 777.
It is still possible to lose an airplane in the world today,amazing!
That's not it. It's on the ground somewhere. His mission is incomplete if it's in the water.
I have a theory, but YAHOO has censored me from all but 4 topics.... its a shame, because of all the theorys, this is the most plausable. United Airlines B-777 Captain.... 20,000 hours of experience with 10 years as a flight instructor
you cannot even spell "theories" so you don't have any credibility
simon... did you type that while bent over in front of barney franK? I made a typo, and I never took typing, because I had better things to do.... like get my education, and use it to retire at 56 as a millionaire.... so what do you have that compares? I didn't think so.
It is easy to tell if they are in the right spot, just look for sharks with chopsticks in the area.
Oops, I hope they dont land on an alien spy ship unintentionally. This Iis the biggest search in history
well its fresh in off the Australian press airplane parts have been found and recovered..next story please
I think a pilot said on some channel that if debris was found, it would be broken up into very small pieces, not large ones like this. I guess we'll see at some point.
If a pilot said that, he was a moron. It would depend how the crash happened. If it exploded at high altitude, it would come down in small pieces. If it augered in intact after running out of fuel, there would be fewer pieces of debris but they would be larger.
But much of the plane would have sunk, maybe a thousand miles from where this debris is at, if it in fact this is the debris from said plane.
Snore. I saw some #$%$ floating in the Gulf of Mexico. Maybe that was it.
Malaysian Muzzy government, Malaysian Muzzy Airline, take my two words of gratitude as a world citizen to ya: F you!
That's about where my NCAA brackets are headed
"Welcome to Air Jihad, flight 370 direct fro Kuala Lumpur to Hell."
at least now we know where Jacob Silj went.
Is this the same piece of debris that Courtney Love found days ago? Yes...that Courtney Love
Strange but true. She did say she envisioned the recent discovery
I heard the piece they found is a tail piece that says Malaysian Air MH370 but the Malays need 5 weeks to confirm that is it the missing plane
They have come up with all these assumptions....hard to know what to believe.
people are sooooo stupid that they actually believe theres a plane missing IF IT WAS MISSING dont you think it would ..........GO MISSING YOU IDIOT???
Malaysian MUZZY Airline, 2 words of compliment for you: F YOU!
And what about the other 10 "credible" leads that have been reported
What would a EMP do to a jetliner?
A piece this large still afloat after 12 days in some pretty rough seas kind of stretches the imagination ,,but time will tell ,,,,,
We can track a cell phone but can't track a 777 ?
We cannot track cell phones in the opean ocean. We cannot track cell phones on the bottom of the ocean.
That debris is just a bunch of plastic bottle
Don't get too excited it may just be a couple fishing boats....
Maybe the same guys did this that was responsible for tragedy of 7-11?
this was no accident! not one person had even a moment to signal any kind of help? and the tracking systems disabled?? cmon now....
Is this debris that the Chinese saw last week and then said they didn't see it?
if your DUMB enough to believe theres a plane really missing YOU are DUMB
does this mean that the plane was destroyed?
You know what you look like floating around on a seat cushion, in the middle of the ocean, to a shark? a piece of cheese on a ritz cracker!
if the original flight plan was only supposed to be a couple hours, yet the plane flew for 6 or 7, then how come not one passenger called a friend/family to say something weird was going on and they had been in the air for way too long
I did not know that there were cell phone towers that covered the open Indian Ocean.
who said anything about cell phones?
Why do I think this is part of a "SNIPE" hunt? Why have Boeing and Rolls Royce been hushed? Does anyone think either would entrust a multimillion dollar aircraft to a third world country without having the ability to track its whereabout?
Malaysia is not a third world country.
Kadeem you are forgiven for your narrow view of life.
Breaking News #489= we still dont know chhyyt!
It sounds like they were heading back to the original airport, after they found some sort of mechanical failure ....
No, it sounds like the pilot committed suicide and flew SW 1000's of miles.
The airplane was not headed back to the original airport. After it turned off course, it flew west on a flight path that is used for commercial jets heading to India and the Middle East. This was likely done so as not to arouse suspicion from military radar. Once it was out of radar range, the plane turned south and flew for six hours (at least) into the southern Indian Ocean. This had to be a deliberate act by the pilot.
It might be....it could be...."Keep Hope Alive."
Did it already land in western Australia? hmmm
two things yahoo's, 1. let us load the video you cretins... 2. are you really blaming the video game?
This is the same object Courtney Love was talking about
HAM RADIO says Wreckage Found......Recovery under way
Hope you are right Scott, it would be nice to get some facts for a change.
They dont know where it is. They don't know when it is. This was not hijacked by two guys trying to goo all mujadeen...That plane is gone...
You want answers...you want answers....I want the TRUTH! You can't handle the truth!!
Thank you Jacob! These are all "spin doctor" stories deigned to see which the "sheeple" swallow!!
That looks like my surf board! Thank goodness they have found it!
The two objects shown here are the exact same picture.
If only Herve Villechaize were here to help!
IT IS HIGHLY UNLIKELY that muslims did NOT do it.
Nice picture could they get a shot a little closer?
no they couldn't other wise there would have been a better picture!
@Jane Wardell and Siva Govindasamy....If it's NOT part of the plane, do you still get paid for writing this bullsh1t story??
I think my favorite Chinese actress was on board......Wii Tu Lo.....anyone know for sure?
Yes, I think she was spotted with Captain Sum Ting Wong
Is her live in named Won Huhng Low?
Muslims are always out to endanger ppl...I dont kno much about this distasteful religion but i kno there is nothing good about it. anybody that practice it should be watch by the government cause all they do is hurt ppl
paranoid finger pointing Jew - much!
F U....i don't follow religion mr.assumption
Forgive Kadeem for his stupidity, He simply doesn't know any better.
It's pretty sad that the metric system has to be translated to miles..feet etc..America is the only civilized country in the West that doesn't follow the metric system..
this all seems way too far fetched
Just find this dam plane so we can move on
They need top get Dr. Ebbs involved ;-)
"Incredible" poor reporting from a collective media with its head, way up its own you/know/what
What's the pilots name? muslum POS Guilty!
this IS the definition "of a Wild Goose Chase"
Where is all the things that float? I don't believe this is the place.
Days to confirm?????? More like days to make up a story that fits into the political theatre.
Please quit passing on possibilities....and just let us know when we know something for sure!! We keep getting story after story that is really only speculation. Might 'sell' newspapers but.....
if someone hijacked or stole that jet, looking in the ocean isn't where it would be
Think that is close to the DEEP Trench .... that plane will be Too Deep to recover ! Lots of Insurance Claims to follow !
The captain ( and maybe co-pilot) were ticked off over the conviction of Anwar Ibrahim for sodomy and decided to take the plane and passengers to a watery grave
hope for best plan for worst...
people snap every day, they know what happened, I won't fly till next year
I'm sure there is safety measure already in place for more peace and security....taxpayer can stand by!!
Based on all the "facts" and "data" they have been feeding people...because it is all so conflicting...and they are not taking into account that this pilot was very experienced and definitely not dumb. I don't think they are taking into account every possibility...far fetched or not. One question is why are they still focused on only one theory and that involves it being it is in the water....hearing the lenghts that someone went to ...to pull this off...I think is is NOT in water. OMW...he played a lot of games?.......really?.......I guess they could never admit it was their own pilot that would ever do something like this....UUGGGHHH....I am not sure at this point that it and/or the people will never be found.....I don't think they are looking at the right places. Sad for the many familes that are missing loved ones.
WHY WAS ODMA ELECTED?????????Because of the stupidity of the "LOW" information voters......i.e., a radio station man on the street announcer asked about the crash of the airliner .........both women (minorities) said they thought the airliner could not be found because it was full OF MINORITIES AND WHITE PEOPLE WOULD NOT LOOK SO HARD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!........the #$%$ were too stupid to understand that it was a Malaysian plane and malaysions are nt minorities In their own country! THESE PEOPLE SOULD NOT BE LOWED TO VOTE OR BREED.
If they can read a postage stamp from outer space. I believe what we have here is two floating postage stamps
Indonesian and Japanese tsunamis filled the oceans with debris and i hope they find the plane intact and the people on board save somewhere .
If we "assume" that a rogue nation state or very rich individual is responsible for the disappearance if the 777 can we rule out something being deliberately dumped in the ocean to stop the search? I realize this seems far fetched but ....
they should not show any objects that are not facts on media and relatives especially of the victims,if you're unsure what to show,make investigation first before presenting it..don't you have a heart to feel how they mourn.If that is the plane,world will pray and thanks for all the countries who help to search..
It's Robert Redford filming "All is Lost Again", the sequel.
not a conspiracy just a flat out untold lie to the public.
Why so far south though? It doesn't make sense.
That is where it ran out of fuel.
they are not taking eye witnesses into account after reports of a large low flying plane was seen flying the other way into India..the Indian don't know if so because they don't have a person watching over radar unless there's alarm....bs
Yeah, it's a conspiracy caused by two guys on the other side of the world. Did I say Obama and Bush? No, I meant Dave and Shep.......
now we know why these former experts are just that (FORMER) why have we never heard from Boeing engineers or technician that designed the damn thing
The Boeing 777-200ER is a very well built plane; stronger than most.
The area they think the plane may be in is know as the diamantina trench. Its the deepest part of the Indian ocean with spots over 26000 feet.
one of these countries needs to turn on the *+=-%&$ microscope, and take a quick peak at a missing plane--as if they already havent!!!!
This is not quiet over yet folks ,,,,, Pices tha tlarge still being afloat in those rough seas after 12 days is pushing the imagination but I guess we'll just have to wait and see ,,,,, there are, however, a group of French Claimed Antarctic Islands in the general area a 300-500 hundred miles away ,,,, the main island being the Île Amsterdam (Amsterdam Island) which has only 30 nonpermanent residents mostly scientific researchers ,, It would be a great place to hide an airplane it one could be landed there ,,,,,, There is construction of sorts going on there BTW ,,,,,,,The debris the Aussies are talking about has yet to really be identified in any meaningful way BTW ,,,,, but as always time will tell ,,,, none of this BTW rules out any terrorist action ,,,,, that plane could have been headed for that Antarctic island grouping and maybe some reseach should be done as to what facilities are actually currently on that island as of now ,,,,,
BTW,,,,,,,,, "BTW" and ",,,,,,,,," are used way too often. Minus 10 points!
@Mark! ,,,,,lol ,,Sorry meant to edit that out ,,,,,lol
Malaysian government CANNOT find rubber ducks in their own bath tub !
...on a brighter note, not much salt water was able to sting their = = eyes.
So does this mean Courtney Love's theory was correct? That looks like the same picture she posted on her twitter!
I'm sorry to sound mean but I'll believe it when I see it.
Another Muslim crashing a plane,go figure.
So who's going to get RICH from this new system??? Follow the MONEY!!!
Disclaimer...... No fishes were harmed in the crashing of this plane.
YAHOO-QUIT DELIVERING "2 DAY OLD / OBAMA SENSORED/ ALTERED NEWS!! THE 'DEBRIS' HAS BEEN IDENTIFIED AS A FREIGHTER! THIS WAS A MUSLIM DIVERSION TACTIC-INVESTIGATORS-GO BACK TO THE REAL EVIL CULPRIT>THE MUSLIM PILOTS AND 2 FAKE ID (LIKE OBAMA) PASSENGERS THAT HIJACKED THE PLANE!!
Apparently you haven't had your meds today.
LESSON LEARNED>AMERICANS NEED TO DEMAND 'NO-MUSLIM' FLIGHTS!!!!!!
throwing Darts at a map has as good of chance at locating that jet than this massive search does
Just wait until April fools day when you all find out you were punked!! That's credible!!
That not the plane, that was the only part of Obama care that actually worked...lol
anybody check E-Bay for a slightly used 777?
#$%$....over 200 people died and you make a stupid joke about it.
F off, and there is no reference in my statement that they are dead, further if the plane is on E-Bay, then their still alive, and that would be a happy solution
Breaking News! There is garbage floating in the ocean! That is all! LOL!
The black box is 16,400 feet down on the sea floor.
It is a bunch of trash or Amelia Earhart's plane!!
Once you go to the Outback, you never come back!
nobody knows anything...so shut up until you do
and appeared to be floating on water several thousand metres deep, they said.?????????????????? How?????
The water is several thousand metres deep that the object is floating on.....
My weight BEFORE taking a dump this morning: 220 My weight AFTER taking a dump this morning: 207
even if it doesn't turn out to be from the plane - it still might solve a mystery out there
Again. We have heard this time after time!
How does this "uh" guy have a job on 'uh" television. He sounds like the "uh" teacher from Ferrris Buller. Anyone? ...Uh, anyone? ...Bueller?
He sounds more like Jeff Goldblum.
eh ah uh eh uh ah eh uh ah uh and uh eh ah -my god that was painful to watch. What the hell did he say?
The pilot's wife had left him the day before. If any of you have gone through a divorce it can make you do irrational things. You want to get in a time machine and get out of that emotional hell. He sort of did that...
Take this time to read up on how we got the shaft on the P8 ASW aircraft. Its a pile if junk. Gets lost and cant hunt subs worth a sheet. WORTHLESS clunker, pay up sookers.
I think this is the plane. My reasoning is whomever flew that plane, They flew it into the middle of nowhere on the planet. Look at the maps. There is nothing to fly to except Antarctica. The depths are over 15,000 feet. If that is the plane it was flown into the middle of nothingness. 4 hour flight just to get out there. Give some praise to the searchers. Hard slog.
30 year old P3 orion flies fine, New P8 pile of junk wont start and gets lost. Taxpayers got screqwed again
What is the purpose to fly a plane to ditch it in the ocean, one with a sick and twisted mind. 1 out of 10 I give it a 3.
Notice how 'possible leads' are limited to one a day its carefully planned, so no 2 countries can come up with different leads in one day
don't try muslim plane they doing kamikaze
All they need to do is to inject foam in airplane's wall so pieces would float
i still havent heard anything about the over 200 people w cell phones that havent been tracked or people tryimg to use them theory?
i'm going to take a dinner
Flight recorder "pings" for thirty days!! At least one person had a smart phone that was left on and that has GPS. We really have to believe this B.S.
cell hpone gps isnt working at the bottom of the ocean. still possible it sunk
Also doesn't work without a nearby cell tower.
Maybe your tin foil hat works like an antenna. ..
america is free state i can comment anything debub ba gele lege jug wezuug
dupi wupi ligi higi uy uy
The P8 is so screwed up we might have the aussies searching for our crashed P8 with their old orions. hahaha honestly the P8 is a pile of junk, go search.....
nothing gets by without surveillance so get used to it. that is life and has been now for at least 20 years now. and it will only get worse. with time ..
obama is USA black box so he get elected twice the former is clinton erected by monica lewinsky
Does anyone know how much garbage is floating around in the ocean? That is not from a plane. Probably just a crate.
Why don't we just wit until ships arrive and find out for sure.
What a load of cr(ap). If the plane went down in the water, it would have sent a signal from the black box. That's all there is to it. The plane didn't get wet!!
Who cares anymore.... IT'S TOURNAMENT TIME BABYYYY!!!!! I have 5 different pools going at the same time. My final four are Louisville, Michigan State, Arizona, Syracuse. With Arizona winning it all.
Why don't they just zoom into the object? You know they can read license plates off your car or the time off your watch.
this satellite is 27 miles up, you doofus!
No one is watching the satellite imagery 24/7 live - they need to get the largest swath possible and still be useful. To zoom in that close it would take a year to cover that entire area. They might then be able to direct a satellite to zoom in on a particular area of interest. this isn't sci-fi or Hollywood....
This is what you call sarcasm people. I guess I should have made myself clear.
Do you ding dongs have any idea how large the ocean is? And everything is moving and being covered. It is dang tough to find items in the ocean even with a epirb and NVGs when you know the position.
now everyone searching black man white is clever when turn to accident black color taking responsibility
My theory that the plane disappeared in Kim Kardashian's massive #$%$*S**$ gains more credibility by the minute.
plan was hi jack ,,, people might be all dead ,,, #$%$ in water got be anything TMZ CAN FIND ANYTHING ABOUT ANY ONE BUT CANT FIND A PLANE NOW IF THIS PLANE WAS FULL OF CASH MAYBE
i blame the people playing video games instead of playing dodgeball, kick the can, basketball, football, homerun derby and board games!
kick the can? the #$%$! homerun derby? The Depression wants their entertainment back.
Cole you're an idiot by the way
This is all they have after 11 days? Seems like they could zoom in a little more with those satellites. Who's getting the bill for all this aimless searching?
sounds like it was an Australian satellite so they would be footing that bill.
Maybe....images are not like watching TV, they look at them AFTER they are taken, maybe days or weeks...this is not a spy satillite and tasked specifically with finding the flight.
Personally, this looks more like a satellite photo of the S.S. Minnow on a 3 hour tour,... a 3 hour tour...
The large objects, which Australian officials said were spotted by satellite four days ago in one of the remotest parts of the globe.... Why they hid the information for 4 days?
I bet the object is a UFO just waiting for the right moment to surface.
Who's paying for this wild goose chase.
just find the thing already or just deal with the families and tell them its not going to be found.. enough already. more people die everyday and we don't go hunt them all down.
So many times there is just a need to NOT admit they need help. Is this a need to save face? Is this an ego thing? HEY MORONS, the lives of over 200 people were at stake here, so EGO or SHAME have no place in this.
False lead. Turned out to be Jimmy Hoffa's corpse. Never mind.
They running low on those virgins yet?
Why would any SANE man want 72 women?
The aliens got them pure and simple. Zapped them with the "Kidnapotron ray" and pulled them, plane and all, into the mother-ship. Just ask Calypso Louie (Louis Farrakhan).
Not to worry any more. The Norweggians have arrived on scene.
Unless they tried to fly it to Antarctica.....it's NOT in the water. The entire world has searched the water for almost 2 weeks. Since it didn't crash on land...that means.... It landed on land.....the same day it disappeared.
They have not searched that part of the ocean.
the sea is bigger than you think
I wonder if we've tasked a U-2 to do any of the searching? This would have been a great time for an SR-71 but we retired them all.
False flag coming your way soon.via the CIA.
THIS IS NOT THE PLANE!!! IT IS FROM A FREIGHTER OR CRUISE SHIP DUMPING TABLE SCRAPS!!! THEN THEY NEED TO PRODUCE DENTAL RECORDS OF THE BODIES! NOT TO BE FOUND!!!
Just hope it is real this time coz these will further pierce very painfully to the families who at one stage have hope and the next they are told the objects weren't related to the plane Yah they have to go through extensive counselling for closure coz I don't think there is any hope of life besides that some bodies are not even gona be found,,
on close examination the debris has been identified....as a worn soccer ball with some sort of red markings on it ..
Is this what Courtney Love found?
old new Yahoo... try to stay current
Dont worry,the CIA has it,there only gonna put a nuke in it and wipe out the US power grid.Thats all,or nuke NY.
At the same time I want the plane found but I don't. Knowing its under the water somewhere and everyone died is truly sad. Not knowing about the plane yet makes it easier. But we do want closure. Wish for some miracle. Reminds me of the 1972 soccer team in Andes.
It could be anything, what the hell would the plane be doing down there anyway ???
Hopefully they get boats out there !
Lithium ion battery malfunction and fire caused the 777 to crash.
Its stupid to call someone an idiot without exposing your own theory not knowing this plane was carrying lithium-ion batteries mentioned on the news unless you're watching that #$%$ Fox news you idiot.
FOX NEWS ALERT: possible debris found. now back to BENGHAZI
Followed by a report on food stamps and how lazy everyone who is on them are. Followed by a report on a the war on religion. Followed by a report on how Obama is weak. Followed by a report back to Benghazi.
MSNBC NEWS ALERT: White people are racists
Friday...every now and then they claim something like that. not too often. Fox i the same thing all day every day 24/7. I prefer CNN at this stage. MSNBC and Fox are just attack machines for their parties. That said, at least the people at MSNBC aren't idiots generally speaking.
Oh and al sharpton is not an idiot?
And scott everything you said in your first comment was true. Good job!
Hmmm, well those 2 pictures are the same object. In fact it's the same picture, one is just a little more blurred then the other
The pilots were lovers and pulled a Romeo and Juliet.
Investigators believe that someone with detailed knowledge of both the Boeing 777-200ER and commercial aviation navigation switched off the plane's communications systems ????? But do detailed knowledge on how far the frickin thing can go on a tank of fuel LOL
I like the new Yahoo system where I can mute comments from all you xxxxwad jokers. Funny as your mahmuh's hemorrhoids and diarrhea.
i read a news report a few days ago that said that one of the pilots of the missing plane was just convicted of sodomy(which is a capital crime to muslims) just hours before the plane lifted off. yet i have yet to hear one reporter on the t.v. mention this. haven't read any more articles that have mentioned it either. what's up with that? is it true? and if it is, isn't that a pretty good motive?
If he was convicted he would be in prison, certainly he would not be allowed to leave the country.
yep time to cover up what really happened. this Is total Bull.
Malaysia, Thailand, Russia, China, and several smaller nations have conspired to fabricate a story ... And you figured it out.
I,500 miles off austrailia? if they have the coordinants of this debries,sea currents, wind and sea drift why not fly a low flying aircraft over it to confirm? and drop a marker on it? instead of sending all these slow moving assets, nothing makes sence.
Orions and the Poseiden is already there
Notice how Russia and Putin weren't "invited" to the search party
Tajikistan is the missing country you're looking for. Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Turkmenistan, Pakistan, Bangladesh, India, China, Myanmar, Laos, Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, Australia and France were the main countries involved. No Taji though.
I blame Ryan Seacrest. Heck, it's his fault we have to deal with "Keeping Up With The Kardashians", "The Real Housewives Of (name your s~~thole)", and other 'reality TV' atrocities. Why not lay this on him too?
We need to get CSI-Yahoo! on this case.
Maybe Big Bird took the plane
with alll the bad luck so far it will probably turn out to be a piece of wreckage from the Japanes Tsunami,.....
Have they asked Siri where it is?
Yes. She said the plane is up your rearend leaning against your brain.
Are the Arstralians full of it this time?
I am a world leader and I demand all muslims off civilized flights. Muslims can only fly with other muslims with muslim pilots. Let these losers kill each other, as they do...
jihadists dreaming again on these posts
I'll wager it's legit and it's from the plane.
US satellite maybe has spotted the debris clearly and they chinese
A bit off course ...enough fuel to get there?
THEY SPOTTED THIS STUFF 4 DAYS AGO? NOTHING MAKES ANY SENCE. IT'S ALL BIG COVER UP IF YOU ASK ME, I WOULD SAY THAT THE TRUTH WON'T COME OUT TILL THAT PLANE IS CRASHED INTO THE WHITE HOUSE LOADED WITH NUKES,
there is button that controls "caps lock".
The IMAGE was 4 days ago. No one was looking at it in a live feed.
BOB- I'VE HEARD OF THIS MYSTICAL BUTTON BUT HAVE YET TO FIND IT. I ASKED MY WIFE AND SHE JUST SIGHED AND SAID THAT DOESN'T COME AS A SURPRISE TO HER.
What happened to the pings they were getting on this debris?
Don't care about what "might" be there. Find the plane. This is all B.S. window dressing.
really? how many 80 ft long pieces of a plane are in one piece and float? this is the stupidest #$%$ all day...
Wings are hollow. they are where the fuel tanks are. Next?
wi fi is important in a plane so we can do facebook and write status omg we're going down to the sea and then selfie
Something about this story just is not adding up...
ENOUGH ALREADY!! LET US KNOW WHEN YOU ACTUALLY HAVE SOMETHING IN HAND!!!!! next story....
I'm still stickin with my theory. A passenger was drunk and trying to find the bathroom but chose the wrong door and went into the (c)ockpit falling on top of the pilots causing a crash.
gonna haveta watch at that series LOST now, just to see how it comes out
what was the cargo manifest ? no one will say could be a heist ? should we follow the money? maybe the computers were hacked . maybe a mystery we can't solve.
fire in the airplane auto pilot on and a type of Page Stewert 30,000 ft flight until fuel runs out then supersonic crash into the sea,,,,problem the plane would have evaporated into dust and nothing left like in the 9-11-2001 pentagon muslim attack event....a 70 foot piece of debrie is not from the jet its a container from a ship
more debris from mankind's ways of consumption. any case, if they were to fly over the area and the plane had crashed below, they'd detect the pings from the black box...unless it was well below depth.
I know it didn't just walk away.
If you find one wing, how does that tell you the aircraft was in one piece when it hit the water.
They are going on the assumption that if the plane was NOT in one piece when it hit the water, then you would find much smaller pieces in the water. Things tend to break up when they hit other things with great force.
The press loves to mess with peoples minds...This is the problem with the world....Heres a thought, how about saying nothing until it is confirmed YES or NO, a piece of the plane or not...You may actually save a few family members anguish and sleepless nights, waiting for further info....how can anyone identify what that is by those photos???!!! so why even report it....The poor families of the victims....absolutely wrong....and the fricking governments let this reporting out to the public.....what a mess....
Leave it to the Aussies...I hope that it is from the plane..so perhaps this will be put to rest and closure to the families........
I bet it will be in the last place they look.
Probably nothing. BUT WE GOTTA KEEP HYPIN' IT!
Guys. Guys. Guys.....c'mon. Listen, are you that naive ? The Malaysian plane was abducted by a UFO. It's a fact. There has been incredible evidence of UFO activity in the region for years. As matter of fact just when the Malaysian flight took off, there was a lot of activity from Area 51 in Nevada. It all adds up. There is a huge cover-up here......do you think a plane can just disappear ????
Don't they have listening devices to listen for signals under water???
possible media/demo#$%$ distraction from all the other #$%$ that's going on.
courtney love said the plane landed on her butt
Thanks to the media for getting those up close pics and videos of people grieving! Your real heroes! Shame on all of you!
I'm a midget oh yes i'm a midget a dwarf fat butt midget oh yes I'm a singer
Duh!! a plane was taken, you might say that is a little fishy.
LOL - does no one have a sense of humor anymore...?
dwarf midget twinky buns oh yes I'm a midget with pudgy arms
Those little goober martians will pay for this!! (villain voice)
looks like it ran out of fuel if that's where it is...would of landed on the water with no fuel explosion...might be a few people clinging onto it..
People this is all hype to keep you coming back. Military satellites.. (HECK..even Google Earth) can zoom up to just a few feet away from an object. But they show you a pic from 20 miles away. Its all B.S.
don't do it! don't wake up godzilla! pleasee!
I don't believe it....Sean Hannity said he feels the plane will be used for carrying weapons of mass destruction and believe me you what Faux News says is as good as gold. Ask Karl Rove.
CNN experts said it could have been an alien abduction. LOL
Fox news guys are bozos, they couldn't tell the truth if it hit them on the head, they get there "real news" from cnn.
OK, enough of this nonessential baloney! Can we please get back to Kim and Kanye? And what's Miley been up to? Katy and John??? Gaga?
If it crashed in the water how come the ELTs (emergency beacons) onboard never went off upon impact of hitting the water?
Courtney Love was right! msnbc will hire her for sure now!
The plane was taken by aliens in the Boeing 777 Triangle. Maybe they should renumber the plane "666."
looks like a shipping container to me.
But what I don't understand....we can send robots to Mars, We can see Comets and Locate new planets MILLIONS of miles out in space........but we can't see an Airliner that possibly went into the ocean??
Is this where Courtney Love spotted it?
I don't think this is it.
what else could it be other than the plane ?
POSSIBLY PART OF THE SHOO KOO FEMA REACTOR ? YA NEVER KNOW
I told you twits it would be an alien abduction or apparitions
"Yesterday I said that we wanted to reduce the area of the search. We now have a credible lead," Malaysian Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein ------------------------------------------------------------ "WE" means THEM. These idiots have no clue about anything. And the USA,Brits and Aussies have to do their work since "they are in the lead". This country couldn't find water while being in it
We have satellites in space that can see license plate numbers, we have drones that can see a Aghan smoking a cigarette from 150 miles away.....THESE ARE THE BEST PICTURES WE CAN GET!!!!! COME ON MAN!
Looks square....like a container off a container ship.
Sure..lets throw some parts in the ocean thousands of miles from the last "ping" which was recorded over Diego Garcia. that'll shut em up while they repaint it.
I agree. This is not the plane. The plane is being prepped as a bomb delivery system.
it was definately a major state operation..hidden with military precision and the last "ping" and eyewitness spotters put it on Diego Garcia. They'll repaint and renumber it..load it with explosives and fly it into something soon. You can be sure there will be some perfectly preserved Iranian and Russian passports found conveniently on the sidewalk
From these comments, I can see why the US Govt sends out checks to folks with double digit IQs.
NOTHING BUT A DIVERSION - AWAY FROM THE TERRORISTS!!! WAKE UP ODUMBO!!! AND THIS PHOTO IS DAYS OLD!!! STOP REPORTTING 'OLD' NEWS!!! THIS PHOTO IS A FREIGHTER!!
You ate a lot of paint chips and glue as a kid, didn't you?
Please find this f ing plane, I can't take another big headline with an article that has no substance, the press loves this chit
Americans demand- No stupid idiots on the Internet. We are looking at you.
I dont believe this at this point. The pathsthat could have been taken should not have taken this long to find wreckage. I believe this is just a stalling ploy to buy more time. The reall story i am sure is far from what we are seeing in the news. My sympathy goes out to the victims of this catastrophe.
I would bet it is from the plane. What are the odds of finding something that big floating in that remote part of the ocean?
It was Jimmy Hoffa. We threw him back in.
MORE WASTE OF OUR FEDERAL FUNDS!! SENDING FREIGHTERS? ALL A FARSE!! SAME AS THE MILLIONS BLEW ON THE OBAMA ILLEGAL STATUS COVER UP!!
I have a bad feeling about it. Something is coming up. Be careful and be prepared.
For the families sake, I hope they get closure one way or another soon... It's not bad enough that your loved ones are taken from you but too be tortured wondering if how/if they are taken is just wrong
Yahoo-TRY TO REPORT CURRENT NEWS!!!! The REALITY IS> the "debris" has been PROVEN it is a freighter! Plus> this image is several days old>AGAIN>SO MUCH FOR OBAMA TRANSPARENCY...AS USUAL-THE EVIL ILLEGAL KENYAN>HOLDS THIS INFORMATION FOR 2 DAYS...THEN IT LEAKED OUT!!
Obama has nothing to do with a report from Yahoo. Get a life!
his guy is like listening to someone speak in a monotone through a bullhorn.
area 51 has the 777 in their hangar
Welcome to Muslim Airlines, Where you are sure to die if you are an American or Christian!
what about 150 + from china stupid
All said you will find out China is involved in it somehow.
Does this mean Faux News is not going to have a Repeat Interview with General Dip Zhit that said this plane was in Pakistan?
Is Courtney Love psychic? It sure seems that way.
it has boeing 777 insignia on it , signed by the pilots, must be it
There is a big cover up, the Rolls Royce engine of the 777 were sending satellite signals and these signals could not be turned off .
If it was Rolls Royce, I wonder if they had any Grey Poupon?
here we go again another damm video causing all the musslimes problems! pilots paying simulator video is the problem! one thing for sure it is the easy way out only susan rice and big o got caught up on there video that started ben gaz!!!
some say it was a fire on board . Then why did it fly so long ? I think this is all news bs !
Fire needs oxygen. When all the oxygen is used up in the plane the fire goes out. The smoke is what kills people
Some know for sure if this is Flight 370 debris. Since they waited 4 days and then released info chances are very good this is it.
So they can find new planets beyond the solar system, but they can't find a plane in the ocean.
You can't just point a telescope to the sky and find a new planet in 2 weeks.
The plane is on the seabed. It's pretty deep out there and one hell of a large search area. It may never be found sadly.
This plane is the Hide and Seek world champion
What if it's Bin Laden's body?
It's so sad because it's all so futile......They'll never find it. Why not face the facts? Yet another incident that points up our fallibility as human beings on this planet and that we're all doomed and that our only hope is salvation. The plane is lost and the people are lost. Time to move on.....SO LET'S BUST OUT THE BOOZE AND PAAAAAAAAARTAAYY!!!! Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so in other words, we still don't know anything....ok got it
Let's hire Quint from the movie JAWS to find this missing Jet.
just took the insurance and get laid
That lady was crying and making a big Sean, how about what them japs did to us 60 years ago they need to think about that for a min.
Really? Dwelling on the past. You must be black.
it's 'scene' not 'sean' pronounced shawn. Aren't people educated anymore?
What does any of this have to do with Japan, you moron.
Or Muslims, for that matter, tell there's a shred of evidence.
Jesus Christ catch a clue, before you start typing #$%$ you don't know about, you need to read up on history.Won't make you seem like a complete idiot . .By the way, the country you are talking about is one of our closest friends, and have been for a long time. Shame on you.
"The FBI is helping....." Somehow, I doubt they are, entirely. And, by the way, "...water several thousand meters deep..." seems to indicate (if I jump to the conclusion this is flight MH370's debris field) the black boxes are for all intents and purposes lost in the depths of the ocean. This is all very tragic.
It's no where near the original flightpath, this is BS.
that looks like a 73 pinto to me
Wait and see. Wait and see. Beats me why people bicker back and forth with their comments when it helps nothing. I think I'll just wait and see. What other choice do we have?
I never give up hope until the last straw. In a way I somehow wish this search ended with good results but I believe we all know the truth. The only good thing about finding out what happened is that it can bring closure to those who still hope and pray their family will be found. Such a sad story.
So, Digitglobe has better imaging that all of the sophisticated spy satellites?...hmmm
Could be pilot suicide. Nothing shocks me anymore. You are worried when a new neighbor moves in.
Water 3 miles deep, Seems not so far if you could walk or drive there.Hope they can figure this out someday!
I keep telling you...it's in UrAnus, aliens are heeeere!
That's good that they have something
I'm just wondering........why the Chinese Navy did not help in this search?? They are supposed to be the 2nd largest economy in the world, but LOOK............they are nowhere to be seen when it comes to searching for their own people( majority of the passengers of MH 270 were Chinese). These Chinese are too busy bullying others in the East China and South China Sea which they claim to be theirs. TOO Bad!! China can never lead! They just copy, steal other countries technologies and also bully smaller countries!!
So, some people are looking for it in the water. Other people are looking on land. Did anyone think to look on ebay? Call me a crackpot or whatever, but it's happened before.
I will call you a pathetic person. No life?
Pathetic? No life? I am curious as to how an attempt at levity brought you to that conclusion, dut.
Maybe I should have called you a crack head.
At the depth of the water I think the "black box" will be crushed by the pressure. I hope they can confirm the debris.
can I buy some pot from you?
@Swanny they say the depth is 9,000 feet. That will implode a sub.
we don't know the status of the pilots. the plane could be on auto-pilot and eventually ran out of fuel
don't believe everything the media puts out there....
it could be, maybe it is, it's possible that it is, well we don't know, oh well it's nothing at all. next rumor.
The most dedicated people to find probes and evidences in "mysteries" are the fiction and movie script writer, using a extensive research, and a simple method. Were there are "coincidences"...there is Conspiracy, and the truth will be hided in any possible way. In this case looks like the pilot will be blamed for this tragedy, and most of the people will believe it.
Well there goes CNN 24/7 coverage...back to Gays,Obama the great,I hate guns daily broadcasting.
Let's first dismiss the fact the every ocean on the planet is littered with metric tons of floating garbage.
if this is the plane i think this was a highjacking that went wrong
we are awaiting for correct news.
I like how they keep referring to the plane as "missing"... as if it has just been lost and flying in circles for 12 days.
In that picture it looks like she got a surprise stiff ten incher up the hershey highway. I don't know why people in that country do things like that and take pictures of it. Its not funny when your hurting people.
If you go to bed dreaming about the ocean don't be surprised when you wake up wetting the bed.
Nope, not the plane. just a tactic to buy a couple of day's.
I called it 7 days ago.Now where are the passengers.
I just wish CNN would quit plastering the picture of the ocean on TV showing a spot on the water and talking the thing to death. Move on with other news and keep us updated when there are updates.
Any of you aviation experts: Is there such a thing as a jet sea-plane?
CNN will be all over this story today with their over kill coverage of this missing plane.Not one expert from Rolls Royce or Boeing has been on the air for advice. Instead, FBI, x pilots and so called NSTB experts. Story is so old and boring.
oh-boy! i can't wait until saturdays episode. it is suppose to reveal where we are in the search!!!
well if this is the flight of 370, the mystery is over...now lets find out what the hell happened..
Next thing that will happen is the Maylasian police will club the relatives like baby seals to keep them quite
Somebody in the cockpit lost their marbles..
Are all these "officials and authorities" the same axx clowns Obozzo gets his intel from? Sounds like it.
rw actually it sounds like the right wing and the shrub. you must have just pulled you axxx clown head from you axxx. I haven't heard a republican tell the truth since 2000 if then.
this is like a gilligans island show. at the end of the episode they are still on the island.
The news confirmed it was a fishing vessel, now a plane?
After a couple glasses of wine, some of these comments are funny.
they just said it wasn't the plane.
Yeah right a piece of a jet. They couldn't even find a pimple on their butt.
Enough Already. Stop beating us to death with this story. Get on with something really important.
That's an awful long time to tread water.
I am sorry for the families and prayers go out to you all. I am very pissed at this time about the picture I just seen on tv of where they think they found the plane. I seen this picture the next morning of the crash. Why couldn't they look into it further into it then.
However i still hope that all of them are safe
What the heck was this plane doing flying to south australia? If this guy was trying to kill himself,he sure took his time....doesn't add up!
HAHAHAHA maybe he wanted to see Crocodile Dundee
but, but Hannity's expert - a retired General - said it was on a base in Pakistan...
and ,barack pick's his basketball teams. good bye.USA power and credibility. Gear-up for bad times. We are on our own,,now.
sure, just know everyone is dead and get over the drama...Period
That airliner is hiden in a hanger in N Korea
No way....this pilot knew exactly what he was doing., and obviously had a destination he wanted to get to..the best leads I heard of were the fishermen seeing a low flying plane and then the people on an Island in the Maldives, which could put it anywhere from Pakistan to Somalia a short distance from there, add in two Iranians with stolen passports, and a pilot with a simulator with files erased at home, and well the math is pretty self explanatory...my only question is why no one would use their cell phone...I think maybe they cut the oxygen supply to the cabin or something like that...if you are choking and gasping for air, it is hard to think about picking up a cell phone....still none of this adds up, and chances are we are being fed massive disinformation......scary times....
Can't use the phone without a signal.
on every plane there is at least one person with not only a sat phone but a laptop hooked up to a sat as well....next time you get on a plane,open your laptop up to see the networks being used and you will know what I mean....
what's more if they flew back over land they would have been back in coverage....
hope the families get a little bit of closure, we shall see ...
I recognize 'em!! Heh heh heh!! They're 2 DILDHOZ MY GIRLFRIEND WAS USING WHILE I WAS AWAY ON BUSINESS!! Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is why I hate to fly. Let's see how many tourists will be eager to visit Malaysia now. I mean, when the PILOTS are in on it...who in the hell can you trust? What are your options?
I think your partly right. Its creates a mistrust among people by the way the Govt has handled the job. But, this plane, if it is found where the debris is located, was really in the middle of nowhere. But on the other side of the coin: with all this technology, why couldn't they locate it? And if it is in the ocean..what about the black box pings? I hate to fly myself. I passed on a lot of vacations because I really hate to fly in general. I had no plans to go to Malaysia, and have no desire to go now. Who can you trust you ask... sad answer is no one. If it isn't a wacko pilot, its some incompetent corporation that didn't do maintenance on the plane. That's why I enjoy trains.
....and it's "Cuti-Cuti Malaysia" year this year!!
They haven't PROVEN the pilots were involved! What about those two guys on the plane that were flying using STOLEN PASSPORTS??? They sound like more likely suspects to me!
THIS WAS THE BIGGEST HEIST IN HISTORY. Everybody follow the decoy. You folks should be looking in Russia or Mongolia.... because when that plane hit 45000 feet it stayed there ....the decoy dropped and cut back toward the Indian ocean
Could be possible. I heard that if two planes crossed paths, the signals could get crossed, too.
All these phakers are doing is speculating..all the technology we have they cant find a phaking plane. LESSONS LEARNED..TURN OFF THE CAPABILITY OF PILOTS TURNING THE SYSTEM OFF..and for goodness sake have something in there to find the phaking plane beside the 100 year old blackbox..
Pallets make kickin' fires down at the beach. How much you want for it?
Eyewitnesses spotted a large airliner flying very low over the Maldives, headed west....and now they are looking at a debris field 1500 miles SW of Perth? That seems odd to me.
That story was discounted already Sff
And a guy on an oil rig off Vietnam also saw something. Odd that you think people might not be seeing things.
...@Simple and Henry....People who go through the trouble of making a police report over an observation are not generally lying. If that wasn't MH 370....then who was it?...Maybe you should ask that question. These guys have spent their entire lives on the water and saw a low flying airliner with the exact markings of the Malaysian aircraft. I would not be so quick to accept that they were making it up as it was the exact same last reported flight path and at the right time. ...That is were I'd be looking.
the plane was spotted by islanders in the Maldives. Google mh370 maldives. note Maldives is not on the search list!
sorry this claim was later proved false just as the plane is not in the Bermuda triangle
THE MISSING PLANE IS IN BABYLONE AND THE CAPTORS WANTS NOTHING BUT TO ENTER GUINNES BOOK OF RECORDS
Thank God.. least they not giving up looking for them.. and looks like they getting closer of solving it.
Just a Sperm whale,nothing to see here move along.
nice photo yahoo. make it as small as possible
Haha 2 weeks later wreckage is found but the water is so deep.... Political propaganda lol and millions will fall for it
Gee, I guess Courtney Love was right.
Strange the pictures they publish for the world to see are not higher resolution or close ups, we already know they could count the ripples in the water if they wanted.....
More MONEY being spent on dead people. How about the starving, homeless women and children here in the STATES. The US can always muster up tons of cash for worthless plights, yet refuse to take care of its own.
why not look at what the real cause might be,a 777 with a torn off radio antenna, lets not let boeing off the hook so fast
This is getting old..Find the damn plane!.......
"I don't know where it is, but I'm going to go burn down a mosque and harass Muslims now!"
I agree in principle. Republitards who support the harassment of Muslims are evil.
Never mind, Steve X. I just realized that you're a worthless piece of white supremacist trash.
I don't buy it..... The plane is at Socatra Island which is controlled by Yemen and has a 10,827 foot runway which is located in a remote area 2 hours away from the island's main attraction..... which is a beach. Why no mention of the U.S. secret base in Diego Garcia..... what about their radar?
yea screw the evidence! i have my own theory
If you know about the base Mark, it isn't much of a secret, is it?
I know about area 51 too .... "secret base"
Hasn't been secret since I spent a year there back in the mid 70's lol.
CNN is praying that it's not the plane. They want to devote 24/7 to this story forever.
"spotted by satellite four days ago" ..... WHERE are the satellite images from TODAY, yesterday .. the day before? Don't the satellites constantly rotate round and round the earth?
Hard to believe that someone thumbsdowned this post. Explanation, please? I hope it's because you still hold out hope that they are alive.
probably a container that fell off a ship...
Probably a Cuban rafter that got really, really lost.
Wonder who is going to foot the bill for the searches.
Wouldn't you want someone to look for you, if you were in their shoes?
I ask --- is it better that all are dead or being held hostafe in some remote place without to eat/drink etc?
Malaysia covering up the fact it was islamist suicide. so as not to upset the natives or china. OR USA forcing them to.
Black hole theory and lead plane theories... ahh reporting.
i think they forgot to fillup fuel in plane
I think that you forgot to get an education.
PROOF that Rush Limbaugh and ALL the other JA's at Foxx an CNN are Wrong...Hijacked? Lost? BLACK HOLE??????? TERRORIST ACTION !!!
I believe Rush said he thought it had crashed.
Proof of nothing, since those possible pieces of debris have not yet been recovered
Stop the didcking around and look where its at "Pakistan"
You should watch more CNN brain washing you moron
Blah, Blah, Blah. I thought technology was suppose to be better today.
That's what you get for thinking. Leave the heavy lifting to others better at it.
well here we go again another ''place '' investigate and report ,stop scaring the families giving them false hope ..... facts are important at this point . [ true ones ] its bad enough not knowing , but false hopes are not helping this situation .
This is just in!!!!!!!!!! Breaking news!!!!!!!!! the plane is still missing?
this is not the plane, I would say the plane flew north and landed and hidden in a hanger..in weeks to come something will happen....
Bob, are you just another rude democrat? Just like you, this gentleman has an opinion. I am trying not to second guess this one. So many lives, such heartache. Sending everyone love and light...
its not in the water and they know it. This is more false lead propaganda from the athorities.
I had a feeling from day one that plane flew to the right but who would listen to me if so they could of found it sooner!!!
very good sherry you picked one of two directions .really very good.
I've been saying all along if they would just listen to Sherry they would find it.
Just shut your mouth!! Everyone here are trying to do their to find the plane!!!
0.85 miles off shore heading 263.59
37.14 miles off north island 63.69 degrees off tip of north island
Just as I thought. Pilot suicide mission. So why was the crash so far away? Simple. These were pilots. Aviation buffs. They were just enjoying their last flight. Pushing a 777 to its limits and hauling it back in. They flew it until it finally ran out of fuel. Plain and simple.
When are we going to realize that most of the terrible things that are done are done in the name of a "religion". I say down with organized religion of any type
What the heck are you rambling on about? Who said anything about religion being involved? The Malaysian gov has said IF the pilots were involved they suspect POLITICAL views were at play if anything. Hi-jacking by anyone other than the pilots seems to have become more and more remote each day. Love the way some of you just can't let go of a thought and beat it like a dead horse! Go take a pill libby, you'll be ok.
The plane is wedged in Kim Kardashian's #$%$
I use google earth for close-ups! And I am the least techno friendly.
Floating on water several thousand meters deep???? interesting statement....
who flippin cares its gone move on...
lets see, perhaps people who fly on planes care.
The families of passengers & crew sure care you dolt.
you are a pea brain simpleton.
what do you call 200+dead chinese/muslims at the bottom of the ocean?
She think Malaysian Plane is a type of Heroin
your answers ARE ALL IN FRONT OF YOUR EYES " pilot Zaharie Ahmad Shah " an Islamic Pilot with an Evil agenda...........................................good bye
yet you can find hussen in a hole?
Boy, it's a good thing all those pieces didn't drift apart in the course of the last two weeks!!! ;) I smell B.S. just like the B.S. I got a whiff of on 9-12-2001. I'm not buyin what they are selling.
BREAKING NEWS ON CNN: Due to lack of new evidence we will now start treating "tweets" as credible theories and hypothesis and bring in "experts" to respond.
TODAYS TECHNOLOGY AINT WORKING I SEE! KEEP USEING YOUR EYES AND STINKY NOSES - U WILL FIND IT
I hope this mystery is cleared up soon....
So i heard that bozo at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave saying this is U.S . top priority ......what a douch bag what about bring our POW THATS bebeen a prisoner for the past 2+years, what about jobs ?????? What about spending all those millions on the troops and giving them a pay raise worth getting NOT this 1% zhit !!! And if he keeps opening his mouth we will have another COLD WAR going on funfunny how hes things hes big man with Putin with an ocean between them ........
You can't even write yet you want us to respect your stupid opinion. Don't ever post on here again.
David g ....big man behind a computer aren't we so go suck yourself
Do you know how stupid it is to be behind a computer talking about someone being behind a computer? Do you even have ANY idea how stupid you are?
another stupid theory another stupid day and more waste of time
Muslims doing what they do best.
Sadly at first I feel better when they found wreckage , so we might find a plane , actually in deep I just wish that not wreckage of 370 , too much sadly .
indeed my children---no more hot "poop" on this air craft...
are Mr. and Mrs. Howell still alive?
It looks like it, why? why did this happen? why did the pilot and co-pilot do this, why?
why? people be crazy. that's why.
Okay!!! Were sorry.Now on to other Business. The country's in financial turmoil ,The world is on the ( BRINK )of war . And all we here about is this airplane and Obama's march madness picks.
I would never take the flight if I knew the pilots are muslim
Quick everyone who has been watching the entertainment news... Regurgitate a theory you saw someone on tv "report" and claim your intelligence here on yahoo comment section! bwah ha ha
No calls from the plane or cell signals?
The Chinese should be searching it for themselves and not demanding others to find it since they claim so much of the ocean for their own! Put up or shut up!
Just another "lead". Id be willing to bet a few paychecks this ends up being nothing as well. Hopefully I am wrong so the families can have closure but I feel this plane may never be found.
I going with a fire either in the hold or from one of the tires..I believe the turn was to get to the closest airport that could handle the 777
wouldn't explain why communications were turned off
Why did they reply all is good, good night after, ident loc was off and turn was in progress? If we were told truth?
ya...saw that pilots article to...see above comment.
@Jeff your post is one of the stupidest I have read. Hope you are in charge of changing clean water for the head janitor.
None of us have answers to what happened and do we really want to believe what the media has been reporting? I mean every day was something different. This investigation was handled by minions. Malaysia had no clue how to handle something big like this and made a mess of things by withholding info at the beginning stages. And then some of the countries withholding their military radar info didn't help either. We may never know what happened. Jeff's theory just one of them among many that have been circulating since the plane went missing. No one knows what happened.
@Intivu. It isn't as stupid as you think. He is going by an article posted the other day of an interview with an experienced pilot. But I don't buy that theory if the report is true that the plane flew another 5 to 7 hours. We will never know what really happened until they find the plane, if they ever do or find it but unable to recover the black boxes.
@Justin. I was reading a lot of comments on different news posts. A lot of pilots chimed in. They said that when a plane leaves one communication tower to the next. That is the procedure for signing out of that communications air space. They also said that after that last conversation. They don't report to the next one for 30 minutes. As for the plane already in a turn. There is conflicting reports on that. My opinion (and I'm no expert) is that when they signed out from that tower. everything was fine. If there was a problem IE fire or mechanical. It could have taken out the transponders and the communications. But like I said earlier. We'll never know until they get their hands on the black boxes.
Amen @Ron. This makes a lot of sense. Question tho if the cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder were turned off, how would the Black Box help in that case. Also just learned that the Black Box is actually not black, but bright orange to help investigators find it easier. Google is amazing
Yes, black boxes may not have data. To others, an electrical fire would explain why the transponders quit working. Maybe they were not turned off by a human unless they were pulling breakers due to a fire. The ACARS according to reports, are not easy to disable. Someone has to go through a trap door into the hold. Seems less likely than an electrical fire. I hope they find this plane so the poor families know what happened and I can quit obsessing over it. I think they are looking in the right location for it now.
An electrical fire is certainly possible. Maybe even battery related. That may explain some of the actions...including turning off vital electronic equipment and transponders and the turn back to base heading. Certainly wish pilots had given a brief radio report when doing this, so everyone is aware of true situation. At some point i suspect a cabin decompression occurred leaving everyone unconscious or dead and the plane just flying until running out of fuel.
I do like your post. Then @Ron added a bit more great info. I noticed some people have no respect for other people's Ideas as to what happened. I enjoy reading comments that offer a possible solution.
The pilot's cabin fire theory has already been debunked, due to what we "know" the plane did after making the turn.
And how do you think a fire is going to start in a landing gear bay at 35,000 feet? That area is not pressurized.
Jeff c, The PILOT Manually turned off the TRANSPONDER so the jet could not be tracked and then he flew UNDER the radar to cover his trail. No Emergency distress call was made. This was NO accident and No Fire. Please read each article to realize this was a Hijacking!
@Simple, the black boxes work independently from the from that and are fire, bomb and crash proof. They are put in the tail end of the plane. I I remember correctly. Not only do they record transmission between the plane and ground. They also record conversations in the cockpit.
24% of the world's population is Muslim and Muslims commit 99.9% of the bombings and skyjackings.
Wake up idiots - NO FIRE
You know you are losing an argument when you have to throw in name calling. And you know there was no fire? How do you know this when no one knows where the plane is or what caused it to disappear?
I'll take Alien Abduction's for $10,000 dollars....Chuck
-_- why do I feel like this is a repeat of the Boston bombing ((conspiracy))
Tattoo would know where the plane is
Stupid. Dont write until you know.
they can see a name on a golfball from satellite but cant spot this #$%$ somerthing sinister is goin on here
@ Jack be a nipple- It's not capeesh, it's capisce. Capisce!!
where is the ping? Once a 777 crashes there are 2 or 3 automatic (crash initiated) alerts.. they'll ping for more than 25days.
Faint, that part of the ocean can be up to 16,000 ft
why are we spending MILLIONS on this sending our military, NTSB FBI, and who knows what else over there? Isn't this MALAYSIAN AIR'S PROBLEM? Must be a really great trip to take on U.S. TAXPAYERS.
It's more than one country searching.
There were I believe 3 Americans on board, the possibility of the terrorist aspect, we have to find the plane to know what happened to improve possible safety/security issues, and we are capable (with great power comes great responsibility)... just 4 reasons off the top of my head.
We've already paid for the military, whether they're searching or otherwise carrying out their normal duties.
Better to find it overall. They want to make sure it wasn't taken somewhere to have a nuke loaded onto it and then flown to a major city to make some serious damage....
Maybe they can help me find my car keys
Can,t understand why with all the tech. knowledge we have, that no one on that plane had a cell phone & tried to contact someone, hard to beleive. All 911 calls were on the news.
Probably because it was a night flight and all were sleeping, or even better yet, they were hijacked and all phones were collected so they could not be traced. Just a thought!
Sure. Right. They found a piece of the plane. Just like they found that teeny, tiny 8 inch piece of "the plane that hit the pentagon" that Donald Rumsfeld nailed to a plaque in his office.
The side by side image is the same image, just different resoulutions
That appears to be the case however it could just be a media issue or a mix up with the photos
after the Courtney Cox "finding" they realized how silly they would look if some doer found it first.
Courtney Love dear, it was Courtney Love.
It's gone. Get over it. Cancel the search. Save the money. Buy a new airplane.
You all know we are being lied to, right?
Sorry, a pod of dolphins & a freighter- this is getting weird. Has someone managed to steal a 777?
this was up a week ago, pictures from a Chinese satellite, everyone dismissed this as being wreckage
When I fly I am flying with my pet pig. It is a disgrace for a Muslim to die with a pig.
I just hope they find something soon so the families can finally have closure
Now watch in a few weeks the plane is located when someone on Craigslist notices a Boeing 777 for sale under Craigslist Electronics.
I still think it was shot down and we are all being lied to. Maybe the plane got hijacked and was shot down.
Any liberasl burcrat tells me I need to get health insuance is going to have a short talk with smith and wesson.
Yeah but when you shoot your #$%$ in the leg you'll expect someone else to pay the bill.
Way to stay on topic moron
What kind of moron goes to an article about a plane crash to discuss Obamacare?
the plane is hijacked on dry land or at the deepest part of the indian ocean maybe they'r castaways.
I hope someone got some mile high club time before this happened.
So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know. So many experts and speculation, enough already. Nobody knows until we know.
They are all at the bottom of the ocean. The morons killed them and themselves.
it could be abducted by alien.recently,some suspicious objects appeared over france and ukraine.
Someone farted on the plane, Guy next to him opens door for fresh air..WHAMO!! Plane disintegrates
What if one of your relatives is on the plane? How funny.
My would be the one that farted without a doubt..
Hint, there is NOTHING on a 777 that is 79 feet long that FLOATS
Hint: the wing contains a sealed fuel cell with a 50,000 fuel capacity
Hint- you don't know ANYTHING about ANYTHING yet you'll post it as FACT.
Bob, a 777.200 holds 31,000 gals (US) of JP4 in 6 "tanks" these tanks have fuel lines that when broken allows water IN the tanks 13 days later ,,,really? Also Bob these 6 tanks have Bladders that they themselves would float but not when attached to the airframe or any portion of the airframe HINT GET YOU R FACTS CORRECT
They have said it is a sunken boat, no plane. :(
wonder if there are any survivors still out there treading water..?
Still treading? The plane went down a week ago. They would have to be floating on something.
Person...Country = Land I don't know of too many Land Sharks
they can call the people on that plane and their cell phones ring !!!!! phones do not work in the water,,,one us mag said looking at milt sat photos the plane was in paskastand,,,,
If you'd bother to read you would quickly find out the reasons the phones continue to ring has been explained numerous times. But of course this unnamed magazine that had access to military satellite photo's showing the plane in Pakistan has to be true.
This article is nothing but BS. This plane is sitting someplace and it is either going to be used against Israel or the USA. Better find it before it is too late.
Don't worry. they're getting Jack Ryan on the case....coming to a theater near you in 2014
yep right up above where they sean pieces theres an oil slick on google earth dont know when satlite took photo but there is an oil slick in my view off perth
it sucks the google earth dont give you up to date photos
think i saw that old chinese lady in an old 70s kung fu movie...something smells fishy
Planes of that size do not dissappear off a screen.That's crazy!
It will never be found because it never happened,,,,
"These are not the droids you seek." ____"These are not the droids we're looking for." "Go about you business." ____"Go about your business, move along... move along." You comment would be funny if this was 1979.
Quit focusing on the damn plan fools!! Your president and Muslim chief Obama is destroying America!!
The US shot it down!..mock flight to china for the first lady! they thought it was her plane. trying to ram it. it probably ran out of gas, as the fighters where chasing it. and then?
Doesn't this warm the cockels of yah heart,,,,, another warm and fuzzy islamist story ,,,,to read to children at bedtime in china !!! how aviation is warped by idiocy !!!
I am so tired of the news making such a big issue about this jet. Mean while Russia is doing things in the Ukraine that will really effect the rest of us. An little if any thing on the news.
Strange that the debris is the area I just said. Now we must see what the debris is, door, metal frame, most likely crash. Baggage cargo retainer, I will confirmed what i said before. DUMPING the extra Weight.
Someone with a lot of special training
special ed doesn't count hot shot.
Uh, whoever made this plane disappear OBVIOUSLY did NOT want it found. These so-called Pilots pulling those maneuvers KNEW what they were doing and exactly how to manipulate the electronics/radar to cause the problems finding the signal it caused. It's obviously scattered miles apart and the signal is fading. End of story. Conduct memorials and let it go.
Can we please just move on from this story.
The United States should had led this investigation.
I took a cab in Greece, didn't realize where the Turkish bus dropped me and my father but we took a cab lined behind the bus stop and told the driver to take us to the nearest rail. He drive around the tall metal fence and dropped us off at the front gate and charged 5 lira. All he had to say was the train station was behind the tall metal fence...
Where are all the cell phones data that have GPS? What a JOKE...
Australia was felt left out of the news media so it's their turn
And now you've attracted your attention for the day without actually adding anything to the discussion.
moral to the story don't air something if you know nothing
BOTTOM LINE-AGAIN-THE F'D UP EVIL MUSLIMS TOOK DOWN AMERICANS-AND AGAIN OBAMA SITS IDLE/PROTECTS THE MUSLIMS/SENDS FREIGHTERS TO AN OCEAN AS THE MUSLIMS LAVISH IN THEIR MUSLIM COUNTRY WITH OUR AMERICANS!! AGAIN PROVING OBAMA IS ON THE SIDE OF THE EVIL!!
me … Thank you for giving us a glimpse of what it is like, trying to think with a feeble mind.
Reports are coming in life rafts spotted in area!
baloney, this plane is on a terrorist run. and they want the news and joe public off the track and i believe the US is the target. if the plane broke apart then there would be seats, luggage, etc. floating everywhere somewhere. that oil slick? just dump some jet fuel to throw them off the track.
They're all dead. Now...back to Candy Crush.
Now that they found the wreckage, it's time for CNN to come up with a story making the Muslim pilots look like hero's.
All Muslims are kind, fun loving and tolerant people. You can not blame them for wanting to go to heaven with 72 virgins waiting.
George distorts the actual facts so he can slam muslims..... He must be a member of the Malaysian government.
I think I see Tom Hanks waving in those pics. Hopefully this is it and we can now crown all of the quacks and their quack theories as quackery. Every buffoon on Hannity, CNN and every other boob that has been spouting pap are just that.....quacks.
THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT WAS SEEN BY SATELITE YET.
You know how we have giant cruise ships? They should have planes that function in the same manner. Gambling, clubs, endless food. That way if you do crash at least you had fun and your money was well spent. Why does a 5 day inclusive cruise cost the same as a plane ticket in the same country?!
Mr. Hussein, "CREADIBLE". Wow, such a statment from an UNCREDIBLE Muslooom,third world,corrupt, antiamerican clown. The bird to you YAHOO!!!!
Looks like all of the FOX NOISE zombies are out in force with their ignorant statements
How does the NRA say it there all law abiding and of sound mind. I wonder what planet they are on?
Are you double escapees from a mental facility?
How do you allow a muslim to be a pilot?? Talk about putting the rat in charge of the cheese!!
Um... They're mostly Muslim over there. Is it warm in your personal bubble?
Hey Tony, there are a lot of crazy homeless people downtown but we don't let them run the city!!
How do you allow a Christian to be a pilot? Far more blood has been shed in the name of Christianity than all other religions combined.
How hard is it to understand that basically everyone in that area is Muslim?
Sell that mess somewhere else Osama.. You won't find kill the infidel anywhere in the Bible..
another waste of time as all the passengers are dead and mangled in blood,bone,bowel and defecate...& are .mostly Chinese so not that important as only white Caucasians matter...
After U.S. Intelligence planted some debris....
The whole story is a lie
Bless your heart, Jay81, you and your 50,000+ comments, you are one more sick puppy.
What about America do you love? The claim that a jet at 35,000ft just disappears from radar, is a lie.
you don't exist except in your own mind
lol, odd, where else would one exist? On your facebook page?
this whole story reminds me of the show "Lost".
.....at this rate, the searchers will find Waldo before they find the plane....
Oh here we go again..another diversion. Our government knows exactly where this plane is. We are not as stupid as they think. The "terrorists" have this plane and Israel knows it as well.
Please take your meds before posting, Susie.
Davids next comment will be BAA BAA BAA!
Mike, it would still be more intelligent than anything you post.
...at least from darkness comes light..may it light up those with darkened heart.....
here lies the body of mary lee. died at the age of 103. for fifteen years she kept her virginity. not a bad record for this vicinity.
maybe the plane did not go down but WENT UP
courtney love said she found it..
this is important for us to be unhappy about this airplane but every day 100 person killed by saudi and israel in syria, iraq, lebonan and pakistan who is unhappy about them???????????????????
It's difficult to be sad for Arab people who treat their women like how we treat our farm animals...
DonaldJ, We have better women, theirs are like farm animals...
Please leave us woman out of your squabble boys.
I guess we are supposed to be impressed ...............I don't think so ,We are tired of hearing about it .......time to move on to better news
I bet the plane never took off the ground. It's a conspiracy and/or smoke screen for another blindside political move.......stay tuned
go back to your bunker and let the adults figure this out.
There's not a chance this is part of the plane. Good job Yahoo!
Look again..Yahoo didn't write this story..REUTERS did..sheesh..
Hijacked and landed somewhere where everyone was executed...so the real truth will never be known..Just like Osama supposedly killed..Not seeing any proof of that.
Do not trust and never trust the AFP and REUTERS News stories as they belong to world real Terrorist organisations MI-6 and DGSE and they controle almost all so called News all around the world
AL-JAZEERA IS noting to do with so called GOVERNMENT OR KINGDOM OF QATAR al-jazeera is belong to CNN and CNN AND ALMOST ALL OTHER CHANNELS AROUND THE WORLD ARE PROPERTIES OF FREE-MASONS
There is so much #$%$ floating in the ocean, slim chance,........
Man, if they did crash I couldn't imagine what hitting "crush depth" in a airplane would be like...very painful!
You'd likely never know what hit you Only Me! Death would be so instantaneous, the brain would not be able to process pain that quickly.
People who have survived crashes report not remembering anything.
I wonder if Barry dusted off the prayer rug for the safe return of the pilots
This is the same picture from last week........
They're all dead and bloated. Maybe with their tongues sticking out... : b
Malaysian Airlines should start painting their planes like the Where's Waldo Dude
Wheres all the idiots now with the stolen plane theory??
Where are all the Idiots that can not read "Possible". Right now, no one has seen this debris and no one knows, if found, that it is the debris from the plane.
we know nothing new. even if that is it, why is it so far off its flight path?
Plane is in iran loading up on nukes to fly into Israel.
Why wouldn;t they just carter a plane in Iran then... takes a whole lot effort and way less risk Course that would totally dismiss your conspiracy theory
April 14th-15th first of four blood moons
My husband and I have a bet ... he says its under the sea, I say its on the ground in one piece.
It's simple folks... the plane went 88 MPH and is in Ol Man Peabody's barn in Twin Pines....du?????
The Blunt Ugly Truth 2 months ago Nah, too busy doing your Mom.
The Blunt Ugly Truth 2 months ago For every black person watching the movie at theater we should get a 5% discount. Too loud
I think the were abducted by aliens
Never mind the plane, I think they found the Loch Ness Monster.
The pilot and co-pilot were home ohs -- so it was a suicide.
I've got it, the pilot and co-pilot started playing Candy Crush Saga (which is evil!) and lost track of time... "Delicious."
Wowowow!!! if you look carefully at the lower right part of the picture you can see the virgin Mary. Check it out!!!
thank Webster there is a word in the dictionary such as possible....sure is used a lot on this story...
Thas is not the plane. Signed, Alien Abductor Mars Sun Solar System
Maybe... Maybe not. Would a piece that big of a plane float in deep water. Most likely not. This area, because of currents, collects a lot of trash hat just spins around out there.
A thumbs down because big plane parts sink? Hahaha... I didn't create the laws of the Universe!
Thousands of hours of games ? That pretty scary for a growed up man with a full time job.
The hard working Seabees built runways on a bajillion islands over there during WWII. I've seen no mention that the "lost" plane may have landed safely and is now concealed on one of the islands for terror use later. Just thinkin'...
It could be the virginal lady parts of Palin's daughter, Bristol, that went missing after a shipload of Russian seamen penetrated that perimeter a few years ago off the coast of Alaska....
"Possible debris?" How about we wait until it is "actual debris?" All about the ratings.
Most likely cargo containers that fell off a ship. They do that every day. They are in the area that the plane could have reached? That makes zero difference. The plane has been lost for two weeks, if there are any debris in the water they could have drifted a long way with the currents.
Its all wiggity wiggity whack!! Lets just leave it at that.
hello --- the USA has planes that can refuel jets in the air.....why not use jets that can be refueled in the air? any who --- time to close this case. look at it this way folks --- 2 Americans died a few #$%$ and a bunch of asians who would come to the USA and take jobs from those working on Canal St, NYC.
They definitely have a place for you at Westboro Baptist Church!
Well can befor sure america`s goverment and Malaysia,no that they sold that plane....
What the hell was that jibberish?
Brought to you by that religion of peace, The Muslim's !
That is obamas next shipment of coke & heroine.
I hope it's Hilarys alien lizard mother ship!
media should never air anything until they know something positive
ok, so if this aircraft has been hijacked and they know how to disarm the tattletale communicators~ whose to say they are not disarming their own aircrafts and on their way here~~since they know we have not found this one and more than likely won't be picked up on our radars????
Les, There's absolutely no evidence that the plane was hijacked. To the contrary, all the circumstances point to a deliberate act by the pilot(s).
Deliberate act by pilots... well, if the pilots knew how to disarm the tattletale communicators~ whose to say they are not informing foreign ?!?!'s how to disarm their own aircrafts and be on their way here~~ since they know we have not found this one and more than likely won't be picked up on our radars???? Perhaps this is their proof to the "others" that it can be done...
It's Exactly where Courtney Love said it was! LOL JUST KIDDING!
possible object possibly from missing plane.....OK, no story here....
The photo shows "possible" objects. I think they are "certainly" objects.
one iranian want goes to German and the other one willing to Australia
30 second ad to see a 2 minute non-story that basically tells us, "we still don't know anything". Giving creedence to the phrase "Yahoo sux".
there is nothing on a plane that big that would be still floating
That's not airplane debris, it's pieces of the Bob Barker after the Japanese whalers finally sunk it!!! LOL!!
Sorry but I think these photos are of a whale or whales.
Couldn't be a hunk of siht from the Japanese tsunami...
its in a different dimension went throw a pothole or its like lost the show or its on a air force base just something for tv news like all the other stuff
looks like I have a better chance winning a billion in my NCAA bracket than the plane being found
You mean to tell me that the media who purported that it may have went into another 'dimension' were wrong? POS
It appears they have found their plane. My money is still on mooslims having something to do with it.
Other systems on the plane were shut off. Just how tamper proof is the "black box"?
Last Saturday there was a posting on the Internet about Australia picking up a signal in the exact area they are searching now off their SW coast!... are people now working together? why has it taken so long for someone to consider this area?.... finny thing is, It looks like that original posting is gone!... something is really 'fishy', someone is hiding something... It would be interesting to know about all the passengers that were on the plane... was there a high ranking crime lord or official? also why haven't we seen much on the news about the pilots families?... I heard something about one of the families had moved out of their house around the time the plane disappeared or just before!...
"finny thing'...given the situation, that's a really "funny" slip of the finger.
if this is not the plane then it has to be on land
False alarm, it was just a Muslim prayer rug.
while it may be parts of the plane, it doesn't add up. why go through all that work and planning to divert the aircraft only to lose it to an incompetent pilot. I don't think the pilots were incompetent enough to crash it in the ocean. Also makes no sense to just crash it on purpose without any sort of "we're crashing this plane in the name of...(insert dumb cause or group here)" before signing off.
if a plane goes down in the ocean you are going to find more than just one piece of debris
no media tells us the truth about the missed Malaysian plane still.it is very sorry.just pray for a miracle.
ok, what is the truth that's not being told?
enough of this tell us when you have some solidd evidence
I think the pilot cut the oxygen off all died plane flew on auto pilot until it ran out of fuel and then crashed why this was done we may never know
Probably just another couple raftloads of illegals heading for America.....
cars in Madagascar......now that is funny.
Betcha Barry has a flight simulator too....................
we all know who is responsible for this tragedy...all of us except the lamestream media who seeks to protect "them"
The commentator said this "may or may not" be part of the missing plane. It may or may not be a boatload of Haitian refugees.
It's Putin's wife, thar she blows!
The news needs to "TRUST BUT VERIFY" before they release anything about this missing plane!
they are only showing you what the satellite photographed, goofus
Love how they show this batty nun as the main image. Yeesh. She reminds me of my aunt. Fucking nut job.
What's this jet they're talking about?
Can't see squat......this is probably a whale or the loch ness monster, but seriously doubt its a plane----another day,. another red herring!!!!;
No muslims allowed on planes anymore.
no jews allowed on earth anymore.
just like on 911, good chance all the countries failed on the same day ~~~ But the probability is 1 in 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
This plane is sitting in a Hangar somewhere being repainted for another " mission "
So, who were the two guys with the stolen passports?
They answered that days ago !!!
Why would the pilot and/or co-pilot go through all this trouble just to crash the plane? I would be surprised if this is debri from the plane.
They needed a cracked out drunk Denzel to save that plane from crashing.
People they are always think that they know everything especialy people from western countries,they are must be part of our world that are not yet discovered truely im tell you satelite is also bulshit!!Rest in peace innocent people
If they "found" debris floating around after nearly two weeks, it's a plant. That plane is in a terrorist-held region of the Middle East--probably Pakistan.
Who on the plane had Obama's real Kenyan birth certificate ?
still cant get over it, huh?
maybe the debris is cortney loves bloomers!!!!!!
If Hervé Villechaize was still alive I bet he would be able to find de plane.
mary jane and flying just don't mix
this is Gods punishment for Ted Cruz's behavior.
Since most of the passengers were Chinese nationals, would it not be God's punishment for Communism?
Andrew--maybe, God works in mysterious ways. Its still open for interpretation.
The Blunt Ugly Truth 2 months ago Women rarely are the ones to bring up going to a movie or any fun activity. When they bring up something to do, it is shopping and sitting there bored. Why torture your man?
Does Anyone Really Care outside of Chin ? ! ?
The Blunt Ugly Truth 21 days ago Maybe she doesn't swallow cause he is too Thicke? DIVORCE!
The Blunt Ugly Truth 13 hours ago be quiet you little poop tooting fairy
The Blunt Ugly Truth 16 days ago People work too much in the US, unless they are black and in the ghetto. But then the lifestyle of drinking a lot and eating bad foods catch up with them so cancels out the lazy workload.
The plane had to have landed intact, because the engines uplink to satellite upon landing to report maintenance status to Boeing and THEY DID, which proves this plane landed safely, AND, ANYWHERE this plane landed, the cell phones could have connected, there are no major runways far enough away from cell towers to prevent this from happening. So the NSA knows where they are, WHY THE SILENCE. This plane is sitting in Diego Garcia, look at the passenger manifest, the plane was full of high tech engineers and spy's. The administration and media are playing us all for fools, a few more weeks of this ridiculous circus and we will have forgotten all about it because we'll have a new crises pop up by then.
the plane had landed and reported maintenance status to Boeing? thats a first, never heard that garbage
Time to adjust the foil hat, Jane.
George...what did you do with the plane?
ask Putin he knows where he plane is.
That is just another lost fisherman from South America and boy is he going to be glad to see those rescuers!!!
so you spot rubbish...how friggin long does it take to get a closer look? stupid headline & stupid article.
How about you just run right out there and grab this debris by yourself, then tell us all how easy it was.
No kidding....this is totally draining from the incompetence evident from the O team on....where, again? Crimea something?
79 INCHES BY 16 INCHES- ??? YOULL NEVER FIND THAT IN THAT OCEAN!!!!!!!
I don't think we've seen the last of this plane and a bomb scenario is unfeasible but a bio-attack for dam sure is and with 10 times the maximum damage,.Look up MERS,.Middle Eastern Respiratory Syndrome,.Scary stuff indeed,.If we hit that Trojan horse with a missile its game over for many....
worthless media....maybe waybee ..ifa..whiffa about ...near... we think...nothing is for certain....it's unclear at this time...there has been a change in our information in the last 2 seconds....we guess....
Google Earth shows my house with a car I sold over 2 yrs ago.
U people are so stupid.....I HAVE THE PLANE!!!! AND WHAT I DO WITH IT, WILL BE MY DESICION!!!! MWAAAAAA HAAA HAAA HAAAA HAAAAA HAAAAA HAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"DESICION!!!!"? Learn how to spell before making a comment.
Funny how we can identify a flea on a dogs a)SS from spy satellites; but can not identify a 100' wing on an air plane.
The Blunt Ugly Truth 2 months ago People hate hearing the racial facts. It's more racist to ignore that 77.8% of ALL black mothers in the USA are UNWED. Technically if you know a black man, there is a good chance he is by definition a bas(t)ard.
NTSB pointed to this location 3/4 days ago.
His follow terrorists & imam knows where he took it...water board them Muslims...
Still, it's time to bomb Mecca.
Been that time for a long time.
Check the coast lines you morons!
This is great news!!! .... As this plane was from Malaysia, which is a muslim nation, there is a high probability that the plane would have crashed into a skyscraper in China!!!
Is there a bunch of #$%$" dog paddling out there?
false flag? Lets get onto some real stories.
Keep an eye on the JEW, this is the kind of story they use to hide their dirty tricks.
Klan meeting break up early this morning?
Cowardly puke, your schtick was lame five decades ago.
OK...I think the media needs to #$%$ now. They KNOW what is going on with this jet....they are NOT saying. When a retired general says he "cannot say anymore"...and that "more info will be released in 24-48 hrs." Then everyone needs to stop. Absolutely NO concern for these poor families. Idiots.
I wonder why no one 'volunteers' a few drones I guess they are hunting for those who 'brought' the plane down
Ok, will that be smoking or non? "Non" MMok sir will that be Muslim on non on your flight? "Non"
Yahoo you (S)(uck) (a)(s)(s). No video of debris find but instead show a (grieving female). Go to (h)(e)(l)(l) yahoo!
Oh God have mercy. Your eyes are beyond our human eyes.
pilot had his demons...loneliness...everything is a trap. he probably gained control of plane solo...depressurized plane...set auto pilot and killed himself and this thing flew till out of fuel
Thank God for the Aussies ! The rest down there are #$%$ joke.
Found off Vietnam, Australia, Malaysia, South of Japan, what's next...L. Michigan?
The pilot was angry about a political situation in his country, could doing something like this be revenge ?
If only the media had spent the same amount of time reporting on our loss of personal freedoms.......
is this more credible than what courtney love found?
I trust her better than these ":Five Eyes" countries ~~~
We americans think there is a terrorist behind every tree. "BOOOO" !!!! Thank you jew media for brainwashing us.
Brainwashing us or you?? There are thousands of Islamic terrorists acts throughout the world each and every year. Thousands. You're the brainwashed muslim.
without a god to save people, there's only a totalitarian new world order to protect us. that's why they're pushing so hard on both points, fear of terror, and christian mocking.
another important point of course is that the zionists act in concert together..... why you're getting so many thumbs down. telling the truth in a time of universal deceit is a revolutionary act.
i see you're another of those with a name from the old testament, joe...
I'm only a person who is much smarter than you. That's all.
Its the plane..BBC is now confirming
THATS ONE HECK OF A SURFBOARD???
If they run to look at every piece of ocean debris, this will take a thousand years....
remember the thrilla' in manilla? this is the malaise in malaysia
Breaking News. Megan Kelly is sure Osama's death was faked, and he was the culprit. He's hiding in a crater on the moon.
I don't care anymore. Wait...I never did.
Finally after a week of "non-news" we get something worthy of mention. BRAVO!
That plane is in the hands of terrorist in Pakistan things just don't add up all things for tracking turned off no distress call yall can be the fool but i want
If by terrorists you mean the CIA, then I absolutely agree.
Muslims - that's all that needs to be said.
Barry O-BUMM-A did it nuf said
jeez get over it, he's on his way out
239 people on board and NO ONE had a satellite phone?...Not a chance , there were at least 10 sat phones on board...they all asphyxiated at 45000 feet...pilots on separate oxygen because they did this .
Not feeling it. That plane is intact somewhere on land
YOUR IN GOOD HANDS FLYING WITH MUSLIMS, i wouldnt fly with obama, because hes a muslim...
you think they would make the "black box" buoyant enough so it could float and not be thousands of feet under water....
with the American feds involved it will never be found, they couldn't find their own butts with both hands
your comment could not be more incorrect. Our resources, including obviously several federal agencies, are the most qualified in the world.
The real search was deliberately delayed for more than 7 days. Why ? Wanting to ensure a traceless eradication of sin by some #$%$-holes. Only God knows.
RIGHT now their are jews in Hollywood trying to figure out how to make money on dead Christians and link it to the Nazis. Just keep milking American cattle. BTW, that's what the jew calls you behind your back, goyum/cattle.
Burn a cross. You'll feel better.
I see something floating in my swimming pool. Quick! Call the Navy! Never mind, it's just my sons toy plane.
You are too stupid to be allowed out in public with out supervision.
ohhhh I empathize... Lets beat this story into the ground...err...ocean
still doesn't answer why the cell phones were still going onto voicemail...A smashed up phone doesn't do that..
They are just waiting until the new tower in NY is finished then they will have a plane to fly into it.
i'll bet my life that MUSLIM PIGS are behind this
Lets see, let's hate Jews one year, then Muslims.....maybe we can shift to Catholics the year after that. You need to get a life that has something positive going on in it.
Hope to find dead people junk.
some passenger brought water resistance hand phone can they text their family?
if no the plane has burn to ashes
Depends how far they are from a cell tower.
so the location must be far from civilization
most of us could care less, hell where are the Chinese ,it was mostly their people ,oh yea let borrow some more money from them to find their people that were on that jet
de plane de plane...dey found de plane..stupid people...your looking in the wrong spot
they found it!!!!!! de plane de plane...stupid people
de plane de plane..dey found de plane and its the wrong one
Is anyone as " bored " by ALL the Non-facts and " theorys " as I am ?,,,,, I am getting bored with this Plane schitt,,,, just sayin'
when you get a job and earn enough to book your fist flight, you will care more
well,,, why don't you keep on " enjoying " it then,,,,,,, have a wonderful EBT day, sir
The elaborate talks of terrorism from stupid Americans is mind numbingly pathetic. Malfunction-crash-death. RIP
So it has been 24 hours...did we take a sail boat to find this 'debris'
Antz, the supposed debris is 1800 miles off the SW coast of Australia. There are airplanes looking for it now. The nearest ship sailed from Perth, about 1900 miles away. Now, let's pretend you ever went to school and do some math. The ship that's headed there does 22 mph top speed. 19 knots, but that's way too tough for you. So, if we multiply 22 mph times 24 (the hours in a day, that thing between dawn and dawn), we get 528. Divide 1800 by 528, we get about 3.4 days to reach the scene. That's just what the Australian government said too. If only you would have applied yourself and stayed in school past fourth grade...
hey, who would'nt find to find a little black box once in a while???!!
its all a diversion as to what really is important liberal media shoving this down our throats all day long china ready to take over japaneese islands ,russia, iran,north korea ready to nuke us and theres obama picking his collage picks on espn
#$%$.....geez you paranoid freaks crack me up.
the fact that you can't spell college says it all...
Guess whiskey compass drank to much whiskey
FOX News is really going to be upset if this is parts of the lost plane....., but WAIT, they will continue to implicate the Muslims with their nitwit opinions and keep milking their "cash-cow".
Long live the Mighty Fox News!
So we can see the licensed plate on your car but not the body of Osama Bin Deadlong in the Ocean ?
So they did exhaustive background checks of the pilots...were either of them a muslim? There's your frickin answer.
l hope this is it,is it
I will kill all of the people on board, set the autopilot for the south pole, and smoke a joint. Nobody will ever find this effing plane.
I was thinking the same without the "smoking". More logical should, be after the autopilot, bam!
FBI need to look into to you, you freak
No. The S.S. Minnow is on a beach. I saw it on TV.
Gee, it's funny that is the same size as the Chinese "mistake " photo
stupid people...80ft...floating.... tsunami junk..not a part of an airplane..really?
Gold bars, secret intelligence reports, and a bomb. Nothing major.
Thanks for the TINY pictures Yahoo :)
if they would look where I said to look 12 days ago they would have probably found it
this is most definitely an act of terrorism,100 % certain now--- as China is the most hated country in the world. No doubt a Nepalese terrorist organization (NLP).
no matter what the truth of this story is.. we'll never be told it.... the media cannot be trusted... they'll tell the sheep what they need to know....
AMERICANS: getting ready to fly??? DEMAND> "NO-MUSLIM" FLIGHTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I will be glad when this is Finally over, and we can move on to important stuff like Putin's plan to slowly take over Europe.....
LOL You Repuggies are too stupid.
what is this guy talking about? utter nonsense. The media have gone completely crazy. Look for a remote landing site NOT in the ocean.
It has been confirmed, it is not debris flight MH370, it is a broken up raft with a soccer ball named "Wilson".
why when muslim see white people they tend to suicide?
The Maylasion govt will give each passengers family a coupon for aBig Mac.
And perhaps one item off the dollarmenu.
After foreign objects found floating in the ocean well off the Australian coast was picked up by satellites as they send in ships and planes to verify the objects did come from MH370. At the same time the ships are in the area what if they do pick up the transponder from the black boxes as they cracked the case of the missing airliner as they now question the pilots while the FBI is trying to recover the missing data from the pilots own private simulator as they now have a timeline as to why the airliner was diverted. As the FAA makes recommendations to prevent another airliner from vanishing from thin air as the recommendations put in place warns pilots that turning off the transponder could scramble fighter jets to intercept the airliner as other recommendations that there is still transmissions from the airliner as there is no way to override the transmissions from the cockpit.
Courtney Love, in whom I have no particular interest, today tweeted pictures of where she thought she saw possible wreckage in satellite photos. I thought it was a bit strange but certainly not worth the ridicule heaped on her. I just saw a program explaining that the satellite photos have been posted to a public access site (all I caught was something like tan-dem), that is requesting people search the pictures to see what they can see. The logic is perfectly simple: there are thousands upon thousands of photos to search and they need every pair of eyes they can get. Neither article mentioned the site and I find this passing strange. On behalf of everyone, my apologies to Ms. Love.
found the site for anywhere interested in helping. Millions have apparently devoted hours to this. They won't let me post the url but it is being led through Crowdsourcing. Look for Tomnod. you know what.
I am sorry to say, this story will continue for a long time without official results. Too much time has passed. So incredibly sad, that anything like this could happen in 2014. I have been reading the feeds since the day the Plane disappeared. This is going to go down in the history books of Unsolved Mysteries. My heart bleeds for the families involved because they deserved answers. And rightfully so .Mankind intelligence has failed them all. Now instead of giving more speculations, I send sincere sympathy and prayers to all effected. God bless you all and your loved ones, wherever they might be.
I just have one question. From the experience of the malaysian airlines - have the FAA or other airline authorities taken any steps to ensure that in the FUTURE if a plane suddenly vanishes off the radar, are their secondary means of tracking the plane's course? So that they could identify atleast approximately where the plane would be - rather than search half the globe - the way they are doing now? Say we Even find the plane now on land, by some stroke of good luck, after so many days - what condition would the passengers be in after all this time? cause of the delay...
An experienced pilot wrote a long article on where and what he thinks the plane went and is and WHY!! That was published 2 days ago. This is exactly where they have now found wing they think. I have a feeling this could be the wreckage.This pilot said there may have been a bad electrical fire and it shut down all communications and the p[lane was diverted by pilots to go out to sea and they were all dead very quickly. Still don't explain some things like a mayday call. However I don't know the first thing about these big birds so .... I just hope they can bring closure to this finally. Such a tragedy!!
SAdly - I hope this is debris from the plane and the closure process can begin for the families. The lack of a mayday call does indicate it was deliberate. This plane was in the air for a significant length of time. By whom, - ??? The obvious first choice would be the pilot unfortunately.. Once the plane is found, the next biggest question is why. This plane's disappearance has baffled so many people that I am sure they will recover the black box if at all possible. And there will be some good that comes this. I am sure some form of GPS will be on all planes in the future (that cannot be turned off) to ensure something like this cannot happen again. The technology is definitely available.
So, I hate to add to all the speculation, but aside from the plane landing elsewhere on purpose, which I doubt - it's been driving me crazy that so many people say it's not pilot suicide because why fly so much longer instead of just crashing much sooner. D'uh! If (if) it was pilot suicide, he deliberately went to the deepest area of ocean he could find, in hopes they would never find the wreckage, or at least not enough to confirm the suicide. That way the insurance money pays out to his family....I want to know if the authorities have investigated any newish or very large insurance coverage on either of the pilots' families.
Only sick Muslim would take 238 other people with him.
Perhaps given the extensive search and delays in locating this missing aircraft, passengers and crew,the history of missing aircraft never found, and the ability for crew and/or passengers to have access to sensitive communications equipment on aircraft, aviation companies should look at developing a "stand alone" emergency system, whose exact location is not accessible or known to anyone on board, will engage should it senses any loss of communication or change in direction of the aircraft, last more than 19 days as the current ELTs battery systems are purported to last, and most important have a much stronger signal, able to be traced by more than submarines if an aircraft goes down in deep ocean waters.You would think with current technology that is able to allow people to live in orbit and plan to go to Mars, build telescopes and satellites able to discern distances unfathomable to most of us "average"Joes,that we would have more than one back up system ie: the ELT in order to more quickly locate missing aircraft.
"If the plane had run out of fuel, it would not necessarily have plummeted but its behavior would have depended on whether there was someone in control and their intentions, pilots said." If the plane ran out of fuel with both engines shutting down, it would be a very poor glider to come down from 35000 feet to sea level. With 239 passengers on board + crew, sooner or later it would approach stall speed and start a out of control spiral towards downwards.
The revelations of the circumstances surrounding this passenger plane missing for so long is not acceptable. We need to implement and enforce new international aviation rules to deter if not prevent this from happening again. All commercial planes in the sky should have a clear distinct traceable electronic signal easy to monitor by satellites and radar. If its a case of suicide and mass murder, the responsible parties and Government must be held responsible to compensate the people who have lost their loved ones. Losing your only child or family member is devastating. Killing innocent people must be condemned by all humans on this planet ... unless the guilty party(ies) are insane.
Brace yourselves for a sad ending. I hope they find the plane so the families can have closure. Not knowing is the toughest. Once they find the plane, we will hopefully have answers as to what went wrong so they can correct it and avoid this from happening to another airline. In this day and age, with all the sophisticated technology we have, not being able to locate a plane is unacceptable.
its all a mystery. despite our boast that we are so technically advanced, we can still loose something as big s a 777. I bet mr Obama feels some relief because he and his policies are off the hot seat and he can get into mischief and we wont know till too late. the media IS NOT doing its job. the missing plane has caused much anguish, but there are lots of other serious things happening in the world, things that cost a lot more then 229 lives.
OMG wat does Obama have to do with my comment? Take a chill pill
Commenter is a rhee-tahd. Delusional, too. He thinks people agree with him.
No! Once they find the freaking plane in the Indian Ocean it'll be about why it was in the Indian Ocean in the first place.
@Nich...seriously? Why would you think being sad for families who lost loved ones became about me getting people to agree with me and what part of my comment makes me a #$%$ or delusional exactly? Did you even read my comment. Unbelievable!
Commenter, King Obama knows, he just ain't saying.
Still looking for that plane? My guess: it fell into one of Winnipeg's potholes. Good luck trying to find it again. My condolences to family and friends, but I really don't think they are putting any effort into the search. These days a friggin' MP3 player can be tracked halfway across the globe. Pretty sure some of the passengers had a phone and other trackable electronics. The only thing I really wanna know is why they do all this. What are they trying to achieve by going through these lenghts to hide a plane and all the people? I assume they can't explain it away, so they make a dramatic story of it. But to what ends?
One hour after takeoff, coincidence? That timing gives the plane enough fuel to do fly somewhere, if nothing mechanical went wrong, and if the plane was stolen, and the thieves seen all the coverage on the news about looking for wreckage, could they not have placed wreckage out there to throw off the search if they wanted to?
No matter what the outcome is here, this story isn't going to end well. I feel for the families of these people.
This is an overturned Yacht or a lost shipping container. A crashed jetliner would be in pieces and at the bottom within minutes.
the reason they are checking the south corrider is because and ONLY because the black box had a shelf life of under 30 days. if they waste time searching the north corridor, they may get a doubly whamy: they lose any evidence on the black box if it turns out to be in the ocean and its not found in the northern corridor. But guess what? since they are wasting time in the south corridor, everything that needs to be done with this plane is too late for the plane to be found.
I think that all the ppl responding to this atrocity have more intelligence than the assigned ppl actually doing the investigation..Why are they not even looking at the public ideas?. What could go wrong that hasn't already failed. A lack of information from the investigators must be bloody embarrassing, when every day ppl have more insight and intelligence than the investigators..The Who, what, where, when and how needs to answered with utmost accuracy....There should be information flowing 24/7 on the news channels and force the authorities to give up dates every 6 to 12 hours on the Television. There is more media for a lone person does something bad and it goes on for weeks non stop..Here we have over 200 missing and a friggen plane..WTH are they thinking?? Or better still, WTH are they hiding?
I think anyone that spells "people" as "ppl" should not be allowed to post any theories on Yahoo.
@ JamesC...and you are?? How ridiculous is your comment? Take your perfect self and post to another site then and correct what you deem is is improper there..This is not a literary class. It's an open forum for opinions.
did you catch the 2 is's there is no edit...LOL.
I hope it directs us to the plane itself. Not knowing what happened is frustrating, and learning about what happened could be a valuable lesson.
Helios Airways Flight 522 - pilots tried troubleshooting the problem themselves, cabin depressurized, everyone passed out, plane kept on flying with autopilot until it ran out of fuel. Doesn't take much for a plane to become a phantom.
Where is the Chines ships, planes and technology? It is mostly your citizens missing but where are you Chinese government?
Didn't Courtney Love already post this?
What happened about the oil slick found the next days, what happened to what looked like a floating door the next days? Looks to me media is all about scrambling who can be first to report news the next days.
The debris was inspected like they will do here. The oil slick was tested for jet fuel and hydraulic fluid and was devoid of both. That's what happened to them. Blink.
Oh Ok Thanks Tom I guess it may have just been whale p or something it's quite kept a messed up mystery. I had a flight on one of those nice planes before a few years ago near that area I feel for the innocent passengers, I plan to return and won't feel so comfy next time around. I wonder if I will be allowed to carry at least a bottle of shampoo to protect myself, the passengers and save the plane against any possible threats. People are totally defenseless up there.
Okay, so the plane lost it's beacons, but out of the 200+ people on board, I'm sure more than one of them had GPS or some kind of tracking on their personal phones, and I know not all of them turned off their phones when they boarded, so has anyone tried to trace the personal phones to see where they last pinged? Look at little things, stop being blinded by the big thing (the plane).
Sooo many posts about No signals, Towers etc over the Ocean..Which kinda makes more sense than anything else I heard...
Chelsea, cell phones, like you, have limitations. One of those limitations? A cell phone doesn't pick up a signal at altitude. Nor will it pick up a cell signal when there are not cell towers in the immediate vicinity (e.g. ocean).
Chelsea, they have already checked the cell phone activitiy for the passengers. There has not been any since the flight began.
Sounds highly plausible @Fencer. This makes more sense than anything else. I hope they figure it all out soon for the sake of the families.
The possibility of a chain of events following a wheel fire on takeoff makes sense.
That's what Chris thought, too. Too bad that scenario doesn't account for the altitude adjustments that took place after the pilots allegedly passed out.
Possibly, could be, maybe. Yahoo is so good at vagueness!
"Exhaustive background checks of the passengers and crew aboard have yielded barely anything that might explain why." - uhhh, both pilots were muzlumz, so odds are this is yet another muzlumz attack on civilization.
How long does it take to identify these objects? They have been there since very early this morning.
We have an American, an Aussie and Malaysian in the team. American takes coffee early, Aussie takes tea around 9 and Malaysian drinks Guinness at noon. So I say between 6 to 8 hours? By then it's almost quitting time. Next shift please!
One man's morning is another man's evening.
This is amazing. If it IS wreckage from the plane, it means that the Australians did in what? 24 hrs? what those morons couldn't do in 11 days. If these f#ckups -and I include indonesia, thailand, pakistan, malaysia (and who knows who else) had, for ONE MINUTE, accepted help from the West and cooperated like the West does they'd have found that plane. It just goes to show how much value these cr@p countries put on life. And just how much they care about the families' suffering. Nice bunch.
The US and the west were helping , no one knew till acouple days ago that the plain might have not been in the area everyone was looking including the US if you had kept up with the facts you would know that
all the media in their nice dresses , makeups, white teeth, smirks and smiles... they need to feel how it would feel to be in that plane ir in this situation, they are 99% heartless money mongers
who said I watch them? (d)umb(a)ssinello
You described them to a T.....
u dont get a climpse when you pass by channels? holy (f)uck
Nope Avoid most of the so called new like the plague
These objects have moved themselves to some location. Aussies are trying to relocate these again ! Debris is moving due to sea water drifts..
Wow....you are just a wealth of knowledge.
This is amazing. If it IS wreckage from the plane, it means that the Australians did in what? 24 hrs? what those morons couldn't do in 11 days. If these f#ckups -and I include indonesia, thailand, pakistan, malaysia (and who knows who else) had, for ONE MINUTE, accepted help from the West and cooperated like the West does they'd have found that plane. It just goes to show how much value these cr@p countries put on life. And just how much they care about the families' suffering. Nice bunch.
Family members and friends of all the passengers aboard MH'370 should try to find some solace in knowing that their beloved died doing what they loved to do: Vacationing.
Another wild goose chase. There is so much debris in the world's oceans...
Wow - 1500 miles SW of Perth - that is a lot farther south than I was expecting - and much more isolated since no shipping passes through that area unless they are going to Perth. It will be interesting to see what they come up with!
even if they found stuff out about the pilot/s , do you think the malyasian gov't would really disclose that from the people of the asias so that their travel industry would plunge?
Is it possible that the computer system on the plane was taken over by some programs or devices and did it was not supposed to? If this wild guess was real, it would be pretty very scary because it might be just a beginning.
if you do the math, the distance from malyasia to beiijing is almost exactly the distance from malyasia to the southern indian ocean near perth thats roughly 7 hours of flight. however they alrady wasted around 2 hours so that would of landed you alot closer to malyasia. go to google maps and take out your rulers.
some on board must have played evil & pilots might have turned off the route to reach a safe territory to seek help against evil players.
shehia I have an I.Q of only 84 but could you please explain what the hell you just said?
She stated exactly what I've been posting. Whoever those pilots were knew exactly how to manipulate the electronics/transponder readings/settings so that when the plane did go down, there would be total confusion for whoever tried to locate the aircraft and the last part meant that they turned off the lat/long readings to allow anyone to reach a safe area away from any evil doers. Hope that did it for you.
Barbara ; Thanks. That did indeed clarify it. However Please remember this is only one theory.based on if it had been tinkered with. The Jet could have could have conceivably as experts have said the jet could have Just have broke down on its own and the communications.on with transponders. They were out supposedly in the Indian Ocean and beyond were out of the range of some communication devices. I am not stating that shehla is incorrect though.
The Plane was droned by the USA to divert attention from the mess they are in, in Crimea.
Does sound crazy, but more likely than a fire and ghost plane theory to make the crazy Muslim pilots look like heros.
Is anyone else even a little concerned over all of the junk floating around in the oceans? They think they found something, nope, turns out to be a cable reel. They say to the world they found something else, just pieces of a house. They've got the flight deck! Nope, just an old Pontiac. Okay, that didn't happen yet but maybe we should start taking care of our trash a little better than this? This has brought how sloppy and careless we are right to the Breaking News screen on every news network out there. We should be embarrassed.
Why you received three thumbs down, I'll never know.
Yesterday, Reuters & Yahoo had pictures and stories of wreckage being found off Thailand, I think they said. Then before that Vietnam; then there it was near India....where tommorrow? Ha! The lamestream news is hilarious. They're a bunch of violent illerate affirmative actions druggie perverts hired for...
Sad! Sounds like it is probably the plane. So it did crash. Until now I thought it in all honesty was a UFO which snatched that plane.Trillions of universes, galaxies similiar to ours, There's obviously one or millions more intelligent then our planet.
Who really cares if it "might" or "might not" be parts of the plane. Why not just report on this when there is confirmation either way. So tired of reading the media's "maybe's".. If it wasn't for the media, this story wouldn't seem so ridiculous now with all the changes that have been written...
True, but there's two weeks of revenue from fools like us clicking on these stupid links, only to discover it's the same garbage as yesterday. Those boys didn't get the corner office because they're dumb.
lol, I know..I feel stupid every time I click on a "new" story, only to find out that it's not really new at all. In the back of my mind I know it's going to be the same thing but I still click it anyway thinking there's a small chance I won't be disappointed.. It never works out in my favor..
It took America 4 days to release the satellite images to the Australian makes me wonder what is America hiding? 4 days? They're are hiding something!!
What are YOU Hiding .. Obviously NOT your plain and simple ignorance & stupidity !!!!!
I wish they would be sure, before they release any information, it only builds false hope"s for the families;
A dozen years ago, U.S. investigators filed a final report into the 1999 crash of EgyptAir Flight 990, which plunged into the Atlantic Ocean near the Massachusetts island of Nantucket, killing all 217 aboard. They concluded that when co-pilot Gameel El-Batouty found himself alone on the flight deck, he switched off the auto-pilot, pointed the plane downward, and calmly repeated the phrase "I rely on God" over and over, 11 times in total.
true. but, hopefully it isn't the case
pretty much the only plausible explanation.
I believe the plane is in the ocean and what happened was malfunction of the plane which caused all communications to stop and the plane to crash into the ocean. All are dead .R.I.P.
This plane probably lost air pressure and pilot may try to lower the plane. My feeling is passengers are all dead including the pilot and plane select its own route. The talk about hijacking and pilot suicide is all garbage to save boeing from paying compensation.
Why should Boeing pay for idiots flying the plane on a different course? That's not Boeing's fault, duh. Or what if those idiots were planning to fly it to Somalia and got themselves lost then ran out of fuel?
Why is their no pictures of what they are talking about? Why tell us this news until it is confirmed or at least show use the images...
Why do you, as a civilian, need to see the images? Why do they tell the news? To not be called things like incompetent, non-transparent, they are hiding something, etc - which is what the media and everyone else appears to do when the Malaysian government tries to take the view of only reporting things that they can verify?
If an "Australian air force AP-3C Orion plane" is already there, would it not have been possible to photograph and identify? My impression is, it's a false lead. Isn't that out of 370's range?
In range - and there is bad weather over the area, apparently
I don't see how range would matter at this point. This plane went missing 13 days ago. That's a lot of time for things to float around all over the ocean.
A small current of 4 knots per hour works out to 100 nautical miles per day or some 1200 nautical miles from the actual landing point. We need to keep this in mind as the search continues.
The first reports said the plane only had enough fuel for 4-5 hrs after disappearing. Now they say it flew 7 more hrs, until 8am. Apparently the most recent satellite image was spotted on March 14th. THAT'S ONLY 6 DAYS, not 13 days, but I appreciate your thoughts and commentary. Fine, it's in range, otherwise, they wouldn't go looking, i guess. Hope they find smthg -somewhere -soon
Eric, Since this area is some 1400 miles SW of Perth, it takes the planes 4-5 hours to get there. Since their total flight time is about 13 hours, that only allows them to spend about 3 hours searching before they have to head home.
If the plane is found in Australian waters that means the people on board knew their fate was not going to have a happy ending. The terror of that would have been enormous. I am still perplexed that not one person on board sent a text message. 9/11 had people onboard those planes contacted loved ones on the ground. Why was not one message sent out from that plane.
Well, all of those cell towers in the middle of the Indian Ocean must have been inoperable.....
The pilot/hijacker/whoever could have just depressurized the plane at high altitude. If the passenger oxygen system was overridden or exhausted, everyone not using the cockpit oxygen system would have been out cold within minutes.
No Cell Towers and the plane was at 35000ft and shortly after that up to 45000ft...where I bet the plane was depressurized and the cabin passengers and crew asphyxiated. After that...who knows...but the flight computer was set up to follow a certain path for some reason. As it came back over the Malaysian peninsula the plane descended to 22000ft...hey..maybe the perpetrator then jumped out the back and parachuted to the ground? Maybe he had $$$, Drugs, Jewells or something he knew was on the plane. Has happened before....
"infidels" have been suffering from day one at the hands of muslims, its no shock in this day that these things are occuring more frequently. having said this lets now start searching the north cooridor. i think they are hoping its the south as its much easier to locate
I am hoping it is not the air plane.
I get it............imagination is a wonderful thing...........but............why all this over the top publication of speculation? If there is no conclusive evidence - say so. If the evidence is "top secret" - stop playing games. Everyone on that plane belongs to a family, a group of friends, a significant other................ All those people are grieving and hurting - they don't need false hope. They need facts.
Well, it does remain to be seen what the Australians have found. But it also appears to be the best (well, only) lead so far. I imagine the plane will be found in very short order, now that the Western civilized countries are allowed involved,even if this isn't the wreckage. Guaranteed. The Asians? #SNAFU
They found it with the help of Courtney Loves expertise. Now that's funny!
is it possible to turn off an aircrafts communication systems remotely???
Yesterday I thought I transferred the wreckage to the Tasman Sea, but it turns up near Perth, which means that aside from the Dependki, there is also me being "The Flying Boy", and others being of the 13 wizards in Ravensworth, then the Mastadon, the Witch of Gumbithet... and the force in the universe: The Three-Legged Force (legs of safety, inescapable one way road, and its brain which is in an incomprehensible dimension and extended into this dimension too)... Cause I said, "by the power of the Earth"... I say, 'Sir" to fly... and I use my fingers in an upside-down glasses pose on my whole face for seeing anywhere... :)
Is this the same spot that Courtney Love found?
Why are politicians so quick to jump in ahead of verified evidence???
it's the "hey ..look a me, look at me" syndrome they're all inflicted with.
from what I saw on tv plane turned left back across malaysia so why malaysia radar did not detect this same plane that took off from kuala lampur
Manaday, that question was to stupid even to rate an answer.
it just as good as any even aliens did it its better then blaming it on the crew
or maybe someone who was literate did it...
Are there not satellites that can look down and see a garbage can on the street.... or am I just a movie nut??
Just been wondering...in this day and age...of 239 people on board there had to be at least 100 cell phones.....yet not one communicated anything to family. I think everyone is being lied to .....there is so much more to this sad story that I am sure we don't know. I would like to think that the plane is on land somewhere but that in its self brings more questions as to why.....how does a plane just disappear?
Because they were mostly traveling over sparsely populated ground such as mountains and ocean that doesn't have cell towers to begin with.
Sandy, the next time you are flying over the ocean, take out your mobile phone and try to make a call. Let me know how many people you get a hold of.
Also it was during the night so most of the people were probably sleeping. Who knows where and why. Maybe the pilots were involved in some way.
Yes, there are so many cell towers in the ocean.
Hey Sandy, if you are having troubles making calls the next time you are flying over the ocean, you have to find that special feature called "Airplane Mode" - maybe that is what it is for - to extend the range ....
Henry lol I hope that was sarcasm!
Simple - gotta know that ... I'm sick and tired of people asking silly questions about simple technology. If nothing else, one read of Yahoo comments should tell you that the US school system should be given a failing grade.
Even if cell reception available- it was night, some may have been sleeping, if pilot responsible- could have placed plane in a slow shallow descent to the point no one was aware they were going down
lol Sandy, did you even think before you posted that?
Cell towers have a range of on water of just 30 miles. And 7 miles of that is altitude.
Sandy, Please never, ever, EVER again use the words "I think" - in succession. You clearly DO NOT!
Even over land where there are cell towers phones often do not work from airplanes. From the air you can be line of sight with several at one time. The phone can be "confused" by too many signals. Rare but can happen. Does not matter in this case. Somebody start a company to place floating cell towers in the ocean!.
No need for cell towers duh - You've ever heard of Satelite communication?
I believe that it was a night flight over water and when the co-pilot said good night and while the passengers in the back were sleeping..... They were secretly diverted to another area. Pakistan, Iran, .....someplace like that to load up a bomb to transport a weapon to the USA. Now that's just what I think. Time will tell.
@ Sung how many common people do you think have a satellite phone. I would not think they are as common as a cell phone, which by the way cannot access a satellite.
I hope the ones that posted smug snide remarks feel better. Happy I was able to make you feel so superior...a simple courteous reply would have been much more considerate.
I pray That they are still alive and safe I hope the families wont return home something with empty handed .....May God Give them strength
If the objects are from the plane , the chances of finding the plane are very small considering the depth of the ocean in that area .
Oh boy...it must be past midnight because the vampires are out to suck blood. Lots of haters coming out of their hole. Alright goodnight.
They are not black, but rather orange, Why the heck is it taking so long to find it?
Because that big orange is at the bottom of a 20,000 foot ocean maybe? What's your plan, big brain?
Shouldn't it be impossible to shut down a plane's tracking system for safety reasons such as this!!!
You would think, but all you have to do is pull a circuit breaker and it's lights out.
Mike - put it in a compartment not accsesable from inside the plane, with it's own battery/power system (e.g., battery backup in case of a general power outage).
You may need to access it in an emergency IE fire.
The debris is probably Abby Sunderlands boat.
Australia is nowhere near this planes flight path and debris don't float that fast. And what would the pilots be doing so far south anyway? Australian Jihad? I don't think so. On to the next theory from these bird-brain "experts".
I disagree, the Indian Ocean falls east of Australia so the jet could easily pass thru there.
Simple - indian Ocean is WEST of Australia.
The debris can float on Sea with the speed of 15 nautical miles with the help of wind and waves in 12 days it would have reached thousands km away from the point of crash . so i don,t think so this plane crashed . it landed somewhere secretly and safely .
Let me rephrase that Australia falls on the East of the Indian Ocean and Africa and the Arabian Peninsula to the west. I
OK , now the report says 2000 nautical miles WEST of Perth Australia in the south Indian Ocean where the debris was located ,a nautical mile is 1 1/4 land miles so that would be about 2800 miles as we know it on land .
Just joining the story now, Fred? It is too much to explain to you now and a serious chance you would not get it anyway. You sound like the bird calling someone else bird-brained.
Commenter, a mile or a nautical mile is the same on land as it is over water. Wow. Time to go to bed.
Michael, "speed of 15 nautical miles"? That is a distance! Go back and read your copy of The American Practical Navigator by Nathaniel Bowditch and then resubmit your statement.
settle down there Nich, you can't win the internet in one day
FYI: a nautical mile is 1.1507 statute miles or slightly more than 1-1/8 statute miles. Nautical mile equals 6,076 feet or 1,852 meters. Statute mile equals 5,280 feet or 1,760 yards or approximately 1,609 meters. Meaning 2,000 nautical miles equals 2,301.56 statute miles.
Remember the Current in the Southern Indian Ocean is extremely rough and fast. It is possible debris could have been spread around quite a bit of the poles right now. From a science perspective, this is water that actually travels around the southern pole without any body of land interrupting it's flow once so ever. Recovery of an aircraft here would be impossible.
The pilot DUMPED his fuel near Vietnam you blind DEMOCRATS! They had no fuel to get anywhere near Australia.
@Raymond: If the "pilot DUMPED his fuel near Vietnam" as you stated, how did MH370 manage to continue pinging the ACARS/ATN satellites for more than 7 hours? At least 1 of the aircraft's engines must be operating to trigger the ACARS/ATN ping transmission. With no fuel, no engine operation, no ACARS/ATN reporting and no ping. Please explain in detail how and why this incident is political and specifically only applies to "blind DEMOCRATS".
So... Singapore, Malaysia to SW Australia is right under 2500 miles. And the debris is roughly 2200 to 2400 miles SW of Australia. I think Fred is right. That crap would have to travel 4500-5000 miles in under 2 weeks? No way.
@Robi: the plane was operating for approximately 7 hours at approximately 500 mph after the last known fix over the Andaman Sea.
Hopefull this is the plane. Those families need resolution and peace.
One word, "Decoy"! , Just like dumping the FUEL to make officials they crashed in the sea. No one gets it thru their THICK Head! When they dumped their FUEL by Vietnam, they had very little FUEL left! Terrorists pulled off the perfect hijacking and you will see more to come. Everyone wants the PLANE found but get real, Did the Boeing plane FLY all the way there on Jet vapors?
BobbyD, Ray does have a point. These knuckle heads looking for the plane with held information to people they were working with to find the plane. Whom says they didn't lay about the fuel tested they found. People lie all the time to cover up things. I'm still beginning to wonder if the engines still be on after they lost radar is truth. If I'm wrong and they are telling the truth then great that's a first.
So many amateur investigators on yahoo....
The plane is @ the bottom of the ocean, somewhere. How it got there who knows. All this speculation is pure nonsense. Too bad a lot of people had to die, but those are the dangers of flying.
Thank you, James! So let's just all give up and never ever figure out what causes anything to happen ever again. Ignorance is bliss! Stupid is as stupid does! G'nite, folks!
What? You are a moron, and that's being generous. Go suck on an exhaust pipe.
I suspect the Ozzies wouldn't have said much if they weren't pretty sure of what they saw. I seem to recall australia saying something useful days ago but naturally,malaysia didn't want to know.
ok, UNLESS THE PLAN WAS A GHOST..either they don't want to tell the truth to the families ...either the alliens exist or other weird stuff from atmosphere pulled it up somewhere where there is not gravity. TELL THE TRUTH TO THE FAMILIES PLEASE, YOU CAN'T MISS THE JET WITH ALL THOSE AMAZING MACHINES YOU ARE USING UP AND DOWN, PLUS """ THE SATELLITE VIEW""".......LIARS.
It's just Tom Hanks getting ready to film "Castaway 2 - WTF?"
searching for something they are not going to find.
12 days later ? COME ON !! Are you kidding me ? What a joke ! As soon as a plane is off radar or does not report in within 15 mins max air force search planes and more should be in action hunting. What the heck was going on !!
The thing in the pix looks like a ship, a frieghter.. The cross bar in the pix resembles a ship's control room..
Possible...given the two Iranians with fake passports and a Chinese Ghuigur who took flying lessons. MUSLIMS ON BOARD = trouble ahead! If not in the ocean then in Pakistan along with the pilot and his missing wife... There should be ONE dedicated airline for all Muslims only.... Could be named: MUSLIM MARTYR AIRLINES or ISLAMIC SLAMMIT AIRLINES or just BOOM! Or VIRGIN AIRLINES...ooops...already taken. OK...72 VIRGINS IN PARADISE AIRLINES.
Is it possible this debris is from Japan.........re the earthquake and sunami?
that is where Courtney Love spotted the possible wreckage!
Did Courtney Love Find this #$%$ too?
Can't imagine how the families are feeling.... at least give them closure.
you know what I don't understand .. if the plane was scheduled to land in beiijing at around 8:00 am, why weren't the air space police not inquiring about its whereabouts? why werent they in the skies, in the oceans to witness what was going on?
There are commercial ships involved, is that company donating their time, and equipment.
There is so much garbage in the ocean they are going to have a lot of bad leads.
the muslims took that plane, landed it and are stripping it down to make the mother of all suicide bombs. the east coast of America is in extreme danger.
Ok. So we're still out there speculating wildly on what happened to the plane? I guess the wild speculations running rampant for 2 weeks now aren't enough. Those of you who just woke up this morning. Take a gander at all the posts from the last 12 days. It's all been said before. We don't know what happened. You're as bad as the media. How about a prayer for the victims and their families?
like this is the first piece of debrie they seen so far? ya rite, its bull ish* . realy, think about it people????? reealy???
lol in this day and age any thing goes missing and not tracked,,,,yeah right I'm sure the same people that run the land of the lost are behind this USA unusually stupid americans
lest hope that is it...give some closure for all of us
its nothing but usual ocean debri,,airplanes when break leave atleast few hundred thousand pieces and many many of them float,,I have my doubt its from the lost airliner.
i guarantee u these 2 pieces arnt the plane
Hope this will lead to closure for the families at least knowing the whereabout of their love ones. Still need to find out the "real" cause.
Stupid people who "have hope" ....get over it, the minute the plane was reported missing, IT WAS DOWN , all dead, no survivors, end of story.
Nobody knows!!!!!!! Muslims? Yeah probably. It's always down to them anyway.
To much time has gone by for wreckage, any found now was probably planted ?
You are 100% right. No one else will admit it because they are Democrats and Vote for King Obama. This was an extremely well planned terrorist hijacking to see if the PERFECT hijacking could be pulled off and it was. The fact is, the FUEL was dumped because the jet was going to land on a SHORT runway in the jungle and they didn't want the plane to catch fire when it plowed into the jungle. The wanted someone on the plane or what was in the cargo hold very badly. The passengers were expendable assets. A Fire anywhere in the plane as some have inaccurately have proposed is ridiculous. The pilot would have IMMEDIATELY sent a distress call. He would not have shut down communications, the Transponder and changed directions.
I think it's possible that they are realizing that a plane was hijacked successfully and that the plane or the people won't be found again so they're trying to make something up for the families sake and of course they don't want to accept that somebody was able to do it.
No, I'm a realist... we are not as easily fooled as some !
My money say's the plane is on the ground somewhere...they're probably in the process right now of ransoming the passenger's at a million a pop ? Why is the Malaysian Govt. so confused ? D. B. Cooper return's...
Raymond knows all about this, he must be in on it.
Maybe the cargo hold was full of drug's...don't want to land in Beijing with that ?
never get on plane that has a muslim pilot no matter how humble/peaceful/family man they say they are period muslim wear their hearts on their sleeves.
maybe this made sense to somebody
I use to work with Muslims in the engineering profession and I can assure you that Muslims are not like us in any way, and I sincerely mean this.
They truly believe they will go to heaven with 72 virgins waiting for them if they kill people who are not Muslim.
And you are the head idiot...Queen.
they were probably smoking in the cockpit again.
Looks like a boat to me.
It could be just that. A boat.
please go away ......thank you .....we don't F@#$%^ care ...the people of the world !!!!
Nobody knows!!!!!!! Muslims? Yeah probably. It's always down to them anyway.
if all these experts say it crashed in the ocean. There is one question that bears in my mind: Why throughout history any seasoned pilot would send out some sort of distress signal yet these well trained pilots havent even sent out 1 darn signal. I find the ocean theory VERY hard to believe.
Sorry...But there have been MANY, MANY, MANY planes lost over time with no distress signal. Sometimes things happen very fast, systems fail.
if these are later determined not part of the plane, the ocean theory is incorrect
MH370= muslim hijacked 370 or MH370=mechanical hostility 370?
I don't think its parts of the plane they just wont admit that they don't know where it is
Here's an idea..... How about we wait until there's actual news on this subject?!?! I'm so sick on the "news" stations covering only 1 story for weeks at a time! Is there any news going on in the world?
It looks like sharks had Chinese for diner.
stupid post by a moron who has no soul and is not bright enough to spell dinner. Idiot.
And even more stupid post by a re|ard who doesn't have a sense of humor and doesn't know anything about capitalization. Eat sh|t and die. Better yet, get facked and get eaten by sharks, bananaboy.
This pilot Zahara ahmet , was member of the muslm brotherhood ,, an Islamic terror group. I would not a bit surprised that he decided to sacrifice himself by committing suicide ,and taking hundred's of innocent victims with him , to please his demon god allah !!!
@Henry jus another moron who thinks he knows everything.
well they will we having a whale of a time
"I can confirm we have a new lead," Malaysian Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein told reporters in Kuala Lumpur. WE?
there is a news that the airplane was found already in saudi arabia and all passengers are safe..
Actually I would be more worried if aircraft if MH370 was flown to Somalia or Yemen; both countries are lawless lands of pirates half of whom with Al Queda links - it becomes a different problem and the hostages are expendable. It's beginning to look like it might be MH370 and it broke apart hitting the water after fuel ran out; it will most likely been a fire that started in the battery compartment and took out avionics compartment. I would not put too much faith on Malaysian Airlines paying attention to maintenance advisory on lithium aircraft batteries.
Americans and israelis support alqaeda rebels in Syria. We have forgiven alqaeda for 911. Mazel tov
Start paint sings on planes- Piloted by Muslim Fly at own Risk.
YAHOO,ya gonna scold&threaten this guy like ya did me??? Just cause I told some rag he typed in broken english!
Hope that the objects are actually not of the plane and that the plane had actually landed somewhere.
The plane landed in your home backyard ??????? Wake up your F king idea !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Heehehehehehehhehehe. LOL.
I would just like to say it has been a great privilege to work with the military and governments of Australia and New Zealand (except that bit about our nuclear vessels), and more generally, in times of disaster, we seem to have strange bedfellows who hopefully are sharing the same goal.
it's time to close Boeing industry and USA will get bankrupt
Can we trust the government authorities to actually do their job??? I think not. Look at the authorities past record...KAL 007. Suppose to be shot down over the ocean, yet Japanese radar shows the plane airborne for 12 minutes and 38 seconds. Japanese radar also shows the plane landing on Sakaline island, the 6th largest airbase in Russia. The only wreckage found was the tail section with the numbers on it. How convenient. Congressman Larry McDonald was on this plane. Ronald Regan was president and did nothing. When congressman Larry McDonald was lost or killed...so was the House Committee on Un-American activities! Coincidence??? I think not....Who or what was on this plane or was it hijacked for a later use? Depend on the government for answers??? NOT!!!!
I bet it isn't the jet. Hope is though. This story is starting to get tiring due to all of the speculation.
Updates on a missing plane with 239 human on board beings is tiring you. You're all heart.
Updates on a missing plane with 239 human beings on board is tiring you. You're all heart.
Pia...hey chitforbrains....yeah I it's tiring. I want them found and case solved.
landed on heaven meet jesus but jesus is a racist he refuse chinese and malay passenger
I'd bet they have also had pressure from the Chinese Govt. to: "Please release something, anything!"
I'm sure the returds was hoping obama was onboard !
You're the one who brought it up, even though it has nothing to do with anything.
I'm kinda hoping this isn't mh370. It's kinda fun making up theories of where it could be!
Just read an article that said time is the enemy because the closest ship is days away from that location...so let me get this right...we cannot fly a plan or helicopter over the sight in hours to see the object and validate what it is...really...lets use a row boat..
Go watch the little couple and lube your penile
Give me a foot job now ;) I'm 9.5 inches cut.
next theory the white thang is Courtneys thong
Who cares. Sorry but this is history. 200 #$%$ grease balls who cares. They don't care about us.
They are all most likely dead .
I'm so sick of hearing about this missing jet.....move on people!
Zoom in a little closer...if you see a bunch of go(oks, dog paddling...it's prolly the plane.
too bad you weren't on that plane too. i like seeing dead racist.
Boeing sold us a bag of snakes, the P8 is a junk pile.....
Keep an eye on the jew at this time. This is the kind of cover story they use to pull things off.
Love the way Americans are ready to blame Muslims. I guess that is why they are so quick to hate us. Because we are scum.
Now you are getting it... Now go away and find Allah or whatever you do.
If the plane went down in that spot, everyone onboard would be crushed by the depth of the water. Kind of like the casualties of the Titanic.
This is still big news only because some other BIG EVENT hasn't come along to take its place. The plane crashed, the ppl are dead. End of story. Let it go. The world will still turn.
They are BSng as they go along
move on ....buy a new plane
I am not this David, who is obviously a racist #$%$.
You know why you said eggroll. I guess if it was a South African flight, you would have said eggplant.
Or if it left Atanta....I guess you'd expect I would say floating watermelons?
Whatever you would say....it would certainly be ignorant....from the look of your other comments.
LOL what other comments? There's LOTS of Davids'.
I guess you are even more stupid than I thought. I can click on your name link and read your other comments, stupid. Anyone can.
friutcake like you learn that being gay is cool in college what a clown you are friutcake enjoy your change mate!
time to start playing "Pin the Tail on the Donkey" with the search plan
This is the kind of event the JEW will use to hide their dirty tricks. Keep a careful eye on the jew at this time.
NOPE AINT IT ! LOOK AGAIN
They're all dead and bloated. Maybe with their tongues sticking out... : b
One of our planes is missing,still
the people are long gone......the plane landed and they were put in some country.....then the plane was reflown to some area and it is hoped it will be found..the engineers that are into the electric cars will be held forever and the ohters will be in a work camp or death camp...remember ww2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! werner von braun all of a sudden he was on our side and other #$%$ records cleansed.......think about it......i hope the engineers learn korean in a hurry
Jiggle the handle a few times, then retake some pictures.
Allah has decided to take the plane ...
LuKe is a well known lunatic here who hates Jews, and supports Islamist terrorists...
I've said it from the start, there was accident and the plane crashed into the ocean. You know that if you have been reading my posts.
that's what you get if live in hipocracy muslim state like malay
it's important to build plane with glowing in the dark paint color
And FOX Noise keeps pointing fingers - milking the cash cow
Fox isn't reporting aliens took the plane, or it went thru a time warp like the other cable stations you idiot.
And only Fox, right? yeah riggghhhtttt.
The debris was sighted 4 days ago, why only announced today? Do you think the debris would stay put there just to wait for search parties to pick up? Absurd. Much valuable time was lost.
You think so easy to look into the satellite images for debris ??????? Talk like 3 year old kid. You think playing masak is it ??????? Heeheheehehehehehehe. LOL.
Maybe ....... maybe not ........ but got to find those debris first. Heehehehehehehehehehehe. LOL.