I feel badly for the relatives, but they MUST come to grips with the fact that everybody on MH370 is gone. Of course they would like to know how and why, but this piece of wing is unlikely to give much in the way of clues about that. They need to find the main wreckage to get more answers and even then there will likely still be some unknowns. That's IF they find the main wreckage which gets less likely every day.
A PIECE OKAY ONCE MORE ' A PIECE' NOW HERE IS MY PRO AND CONS SIR AND ALL: a) lets say i am the hijacker of the plane, and also i am the onwer of a fleet of boeing 777 lets say 6 planes, one of them needs a replacement of the flaperon, i will definitely change the 777 MH 370 and throw it in the ocean as far as possible so called " re Union island" this guy if he is a hijacker and the owner of a company he knows how to bloody play with emortions and hurt feelings of humans = in return they will hate MAS B) scenario : lets say MH 17 which crashed , there was 17 - 19 hours of lax of security, if i was the first highjacker and the owner i would buy any part and keep it for a year and then ask people to find it , in this case the REUNION island this part could be mh 17., salvaged by these thugs and thrown back into the ocean as there was a 19 or 17 hour lax of security in the crash zone as i said this guy knows who to play with emotional sentiment of a human being it could be a replacement part and pelase ask MH 17 if all parts are intact means did they mark if all the parts which fell in the blast were in order some must be blown up in mid air right ?? possibly the part was from MH 17 and repainted in somewhere somewhere and broght back to the ocean floor in the indian ocean c) in 2014, July 4 Montana lake: a train derailed, please see to it if there was a flaperon there which was missing or all the inventory was recovered?? parts of boeing 777 including a fuselage were thrown into the river by the derailment any of the three possibility is possible, because when i was travelling to India in MAY JUne 2014 some of the aunties in Hongkng called me and told me there was a plane which had landed not in Beijing, but landed soon afterward on 8th March a Sunday in Far East, the statement was changed to plane missing: my aunt then told a plane was missing in the mid air from Singapore to Taiwan, means after it had left Malaya air space. Okay so please do not be emotional, things like that happen a crash yes it occurs, but this is an crash which has brought a country down not up. lets re-investigate,, so wot if one part is found May I know if it is everything if yes,, i am wrong sorry, if no, pelase carry on your investigation, there is something hidden and not said please re investigage if the parts of MH 17 and the derailment were found , likely all 3 scenarios sincere condolences for the familes and the lost ones
OMG, these people just want to hold out hope that their relatives are alive when there is none. The French are not saying this flap is not from MH370. They are saying they have not conducted every test possible, which could number in the hundreds and take months before every last test is performed. They are not going to say they are 100% certain until all tests have been done, but that doesn't mean they are not convinced beyond any reasonable doubt that this flap is from MH370.
Guess I don't get the 'closure' thing. There is no hope that anyone survived the crash and knowing what caused the plane's disappearance won't bring them back. No disrespect meant to the grieving relatives...their pain is real and constant. But the pain won't go away even after knowing what happened. Speaking from experience and wish I weren't.
The Chinese are clearly geniuses for figuring out the obvious.
While Chinese Govt proselytizes as to the cause of the crash...has contributed NOTHING, zero, zilch to the $76 million cost of the search over the last 15 months... Whats worst refuse point blank to do so.......[153 of its own citizens were on-board]
I know they want closure. I feel for them but expecting that their loved ones remains can, or will, be found just isn't going to happen.
Strikes me the FAA and NAB could tell a lot from examining that wing segement seeing as how much forensic experience they have with other planes.
I know from experience the desire to find the body but I knew the first day he was not alive. Sometimes, acceptance of what's know is necessary. It's people who have no clues of others disappearance that I emphasis with.
Was flight 370 shot down? It went down very quickly out of the radar's tracking abruptly.
It's been AGONY IN SLOW MOTION ... for these Flight 370 relatives.
So sorry for the loss of these passengers and the families who have to deal with the pain. No need to slam anyone.
Everything I have seen and heard from the families of the people who disappeared aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 show them as RUDE. Time to get over it. What ever happened to grieving in silence?
those cuts are not those of a crash, they are from dismantling, by heavy equipement, somebody hijack the plane then found they could not use it due to all the coverage and chopped it up. My guess is the CIA
Why is it always the CIA? no one else has an intelligence service worth mentioning
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: What was originally scripted for May 2, 2014 and illuminati were forced to postpone until now: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a 777: The Obamessiah of the Obamanation of Desolation resurrects both "dead Osama" and the "missing Boeing 777". Most probably at Easter at the Holy Land, with his second and very last "terror attack using an airliner". Yet another parallelism, this time the illuminati anti-Bible about the resurrection of Christ. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
They are free to accept the findings or not. Their problem.
Conclusion by China....The flight crashed. My, they are getting clever in China.
We found broken pieces of airplane missing in the ocean. We believe it crashed. Wow! Really? No #$%$
China says confirmation points to the sky being blue
RIP for all on that flight
when US regime going to allow foreign journalist to visit their base in DIEGO Garcia for verification?
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: Jerusalem: Carbon Copy of 911 2001: Obama Bin Laden resurrects from an ocean of discrepancies. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
Hot salty grease from bacon is the best thing for gun barrels.
The Australians are using the wing flap to justify their search pattern. They need to examine the barnacles on the debris using experts (such as prof. Molly Lutcavage and John Killingley) as it might provide clues on where the debris came from. See the article "Barnacles Could Help Unlock The Mystery Of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370"
cos he is stupid or rather smart to divert attention from his 1MDB issues...
Malaysia boleh Malayu nombor Satu: Najib is just diverting public attention to Mh370 rather than MDB, wont work najib boy.