Who writes this #$%$? The headline is too cryptic by far. It needs to be much more precise in relaying the basic info. "No clear link to missing jetliner yet" Details such as "debris" and "MH370" should be addressed within the body of the article. The first paragraph appears to be in conflict with the second. Upon close perusal, it is not in conflict. Most casual readers (and most readers are) will register a dichotomy and move on to the funny pages. Yahoo, I've been an editor in the past. Retired now but if the price is right... Give me a call.
Reread the title Mr Edtor. ..It says "No plane link to NEW debris ". I think that means that anything found recently (post wing part found) wasn't a part from a plane. At least that's what I figured it was saying.
I see your point, and the wording was certainly stilted, but this article was not written by the Yahoo News staff. It is a reprint of an article posted by AFP. I would expect a retired editor such as yourself to understand this. Yahoo does not have the authority to edit an AFP news article. '@Joe head' did a great job of explaining what the title means. You seem to have missed a couple of key points. Your suggested headline of "No clear link to missing jet liner yet" would be inappropriate. The following came from the article in question: "He also confirmed that the wing part had been 'officially identified' as from a Boeing 777 -- making it virtually certain that it was from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight."
The point is clear in the event one has 3rd grade or better comprehension.
RLS, just because it came from a Boeing 777 does not necessarily mean it was from MH370. That's not to say it isn't, but ocean currents are very strange beasts. Until you can locate the aircraft ID on the part (the VIN for an airplane), it's not confirmed. The good thing about aircraft IDs is that they're meant to be legible after the vehicle's destroyed and exposed to the elements, for a certain amount of time. A year and a half is still a good chance.
That piece of debris in the picture is not part of an aircraft. It could be luggage from the plane tho. Ppl fly all sorts of strange things, especially over in that part of the world. The material is metal of some sorts tho, if it had spent a yr in the ocean, I doubt the material would look that good. It looks like a wooden handle also. That wouldn't look as good. It almost looks like some sort of cooking object/pot.
I don't get it. Is it me or is the article kind of confusing?
a whole airplane the size of football field is missing the whole thing is confusing
Yes and the picture on the right it says police carry a bowing 777 wing, I'm confused also.
@Ignorance....no, you are correct...Politicians use this kind of double speak...it is second nature to them....based on the practice...if you can't convince them, confuse them.
When politicians say the word black box is that a form of racism cos theyre actually orange in color
One paragraph states that the part is confirmed from a 777, then a couple of paragraphs later it reads: "Authorities have warned that even if the debris confirmed to come from MH370 ".... So which is it?
I know there is a difference from a 777 and actually from MH370 but, really, do they know either?
I hope the 'Authorities' will encourage the Locals to continue to look for debris rather than saying that "There is a sort of 'treasure hunt' mentality", which to me is talking down to those finding things.
I think they are basically saying people are bringing in everything from a swamp cooler to a garden rake. I guess there's always possibilities that those items like that came from the plane but I think authorities would prefer people bring in something more mysterious than a ladder. There's all kinds of junk in the ocean....in some ways you are right they should encourage people cuz even if none of it turns out to be debris from the plane at least they would have a lot of garbage cleaned off their shores
I realize the word "glad" is a shade indelicate given the subject matter, but I still think it applies. I am glad that they are at last making some headway into what seems likely to be the wreckage of MH370. My sympathies go out to the families of the victims, but it also seems likely that all aboard perished. Hope of finding any alive is very, very scant, and has been thus for almost the duration of this search. Still, at least if this is the wreckage of the airplane, they can have the most slight comfort that the waiting and wondering is over. I hope that their grief can be somewhat tempered by closure, so that their lives may go on as best they can absent the loved and lost. To all those passengers, I say clear skies and calm seas. I hope, also, that whatever happened, happened so fast that no one even had time to feel fear. I can't imagine a worse fate than falling to earth from the skies.
Why would people Thumb Down this comment?
What headway are they making? One more possible clue has been eliminated.
Hope of finding anyone alive is not scant - the probability is zero.
Nathan J - Believe me, there are worse fates than falling quickly from the sky, like a slow death from cancer.
Headway???? They have NEVER found one single piece of evidence from that plane...EVER!! This was just another false lead! One day they will realize that the plane did NOT go down! There is no way they would not have found even a clue as to the wreakage aftre all this time if it had!!
The piece they found a few days earlier has been determined to be from a 777. And since there has only been one missing 777 in history, it is most certainly part of that plane. You're still with the conspiracy theory huh? More exciting I guess. Wouldn't it be even more unlikely and far fetched that someone is hiding a huge plane somewhere?
My apologies...My last reply was for @storywizard.
Have they gotten their #$%$ together enough to finally make a statement of official weight on this, yet?
News is being broadcast that an airplane door has been found on the north end of Reunion island...no photos were included, article is listed below. I suspect, if the search authorities would put together boots on the ground search efforts, enough debris would be found on all the land shore lines in this Indian Ocean area of Reunion, to move The Search towards closure. Then, the victims could more easily be listed at "perished at sea",instead of "lost at sea" (lost implies they might be found). There are numerous Island, and Atoll shore lines in the same waters as Reunion...including Diego Garcia, and Ross Island. It should be mentioned Helicopters work well for spotting debris on the high seas, but, not that well for spotting debris tangled up with natural shore line accumulations (wood and sea weeds, etc). That is why, boots on the ground would be the best effort for finding MH370 debris. related website articles: "Airplane door found on Reunion Island" (2 Aug. 2015) "Island of Diego Garcia factors into mysterious Malaysia flight theories" "Ross Island: Abandoned Indian Ocean Island" "
They sent the "debris" to France and it turned out to not only NOT to be a part of that plane but to not be a part of ANY plane. They have NEVER found anything that has been indentified as a part of THAT plane!!
ET's took the people and discarded the plane.
Its not unheard of for debris to go for a long ride a drift in the direction the ocean current flows. Google these words, "Japan tsunami Harley Davidson drifts across pacific" to see how far and long the ocean can take things around the globe.
OK, I googled it because I found that somewhat hard to believe as Harley Davidsons don't float. It turns out the bike was inside a metal shipping container.
Bill also a Guy from Australia said he lost his boat west of Pearth . 8 months after the boat was found off the coast east of Managascar
If we were smart we would have put buoys in the area of interest that we thought the plane would have went down in. Those buoys would float in the ocean ghyre/current like the plane debris if designed properly. When we find the plane debris then find the buoys and trace back to point of origin and search there. On the side. Any debris in the same area of the plane debris if we can find where it was at the time the plane went down would also help - even if it was not from the plane itself.
We do. our military listens to every inch of every ocean on this rock but its not like we can tell everyone that / I am speculating
@Zephron: I am guessing that science was not your best subject in school. If we knew where the plane crashed, your idea might almost make sense, but, unfortunately, we do not know where it crashed. What you are saying is approximately equivalent to searchers for a missing automobile receiving the following instructions: "A car has been reported missing somewhere between Los Angeles and New York City. Please drive vehicles off the highway at ten-mile intervals and report where they come to rest." This is hardly a perfect analogy, but your suggestion makes no more sense than this. It is just a LITTLE bit difficult to go back 16 months in time and place buoys in the ocean, precisely where MH370 went down, when we have no idea where, or even if the plane actually crashed. If we knew where to place the buoys, then we would already know where to search. Make sense? Please don't entice me to focus on the following comment that you left: "On the side. Any debris in the same area of the plane debris if we can find where it was at the time the plane went down would also help - even if it was not from the plane itself."
isn't there a way to know ocean currents. You could at least get a better idea of where the plane might have gone into the ocean.
Lots of filler in this article. It takes half of the page talking about flotsam and jetsam and one paragraph confirming that the part of interest is from a 777.
Pete Sir neither you,I or the pilot doing the speculating wasnt there. In my opinion anything could have happened. Don't even get this article doesnt say anything blah.
Seems like this aileron or "flapron" as they call it has been floating in the ocean for the right amount of time (about one year) since it is still in pretty fair condition but with the right amount of sea life already incrusted on it for that amount of time. I remember that there were some witnesses on some south indian ocean island claiming a big airplane flying low. A salilor too!
The explanation that I liked best was written by a retired air line pilot. He thinks that it was a situation that required an emergency landing, likely a suspected electrical fire. A procedure to deal with an electrical fire is to pull the circuit breakers on the circuits that might be burning. That could explain why the communications and tracking went dead. Meanwhile the pilot would turn the plane to the heading for the nearest airport where the plane could be safely landed,. Google Earth shows such an airport on an island on the heading that the missing plane took. (The plane was tracked briefly on a military radar). Lastly, if the crew were overcome by the smoke the plane could have maintained that heading on autopilot for several hours until it ran out of fuel and crashed into the sea. Occam's Razor: The simplest explanation that covers all the bases is likely the correct one.
I'm still hung up on the inadequate security at the airport and the questions that have never been answered by Malaysian Authorities- was the plane locked while waiting on the ramp? Were there proper security patrols? Was the aircraft searched before flight? Did they search/examine the E+E bay? Was there video surveillance of the aircraft? For all we know the 'electrical fire' was caused by a bomb attempt, a failed hijacking, or some other event related to poor security. There could have been stowaways on board, but the pathetic 'investigation' by Malaysia makes it hard to reach the truth.
Stupid retired pilot. Why would they turn back if they had smoke ? Why not land to any of so many airports in Malaysia and look for one near Australia ? Radio will not go off if you pull one group of CB where the smoke comes from. Smoke does not start too much all of sudden unless explosion.
To the thumbs down.. These are the Posted FACTS by the Aviation services which did the original investigations. Are you suggesting that they were wrong and creating a cover up or do you just simply have your own theory.. If that is what it is then Post it. As for me I will wait until they show POSITIVE and DEFINED proof that this debris is from that aircraft.
Very plausible. But a think it was a reluctant suicide by one of the pilots. That's why the meandering course.
Pete. OK so lets us that idea.. They left and flew directly back over the same area that they left from with out landing and did not declare any form of an emergency WHY. ?
Plausible. I'm still skeptical of the pilot. I read reports that he was having an affair and the wife found out. Emotional instability is always a threat after the Germanwings crash.
Larry n, I think that the article may have been on the Salon web site. I'll post the link if I can, and others could look for it if interested. As I remember it, the article said that the plane departed the airport northbound for China. The plane checked out properly with ATC as if left the area. It was after that time that communications was lost and the plane made a turn toward the SW toward the alternate airport. There were 8,000 foot mountains to be crossed going back to the departure airport, while it was a straight-in approach to the alternate, so it made sense to go there. They could not declare an emergency because the radios were dead, perhaps because of a fire that was also filling the plane with smoke. I believe that the author mentioned an excursion to around 43,000 feet in altitude, perhaps in an attempt to snuff out the fire. (It could have been a burning tire instead of an electrical fire). Forty-three thousand feet is about max altitude for that plane, so that was a risky maneuver if deliberately done. However, that altitude measurement was made by calculations using the military radar's beam elevation, since the plane was no longer reporting data electronically. That altitude estimate may be very approximate. I haven't studied this mystery closely but I did pay some attention to developments. The article did not contradict the facts as I understand them, so I think that it is a credible theory.
We need the black box data to confirm what did or did not happen in the plane. Without facts to limit the possibilities it isn't possible for our discussions to discover what actually happened. The unconstrained possibilities are just too numerous. Even with flight recorder data some questions may remain unanswered.
Sounds very correct. They were over that maintanence airport, but kept going, so by that time is when they all were overcome with smoke and probably died. And that would explain why the co-pilot was trying to get a signal on his cell, because they has lost their communications.
Pete I agree with you about the black box confirming what really happened. However is also heard from other professional pilots who gave their oppion. One such pilot said that he is an experience Boeing 777 pilot. He said that even if there was an electrical problem that shut off communications the pilots have a personal battery that is attach to a device they can use to communicate, also there is a third option he said that is attached to the tail of the plane that they can use as well. People who keep mentioning smoke and fire forget that this plane kept flying for eight hours it would have blown up long before that. Also the experts mention that because planes are flown with auto pilot it cannot suddenly make a sharp turn like the mh370 did. You have to reprogram the plane long before that or take control manually to do it. This saids to me that their was human input. Also I believe that a plane in distress cannot duck from so much radar flying over those warzone countries that's looking to shoot anything out of the air that looks like a treat to them. I think that we need to looks again at the facts and findings of the experts when the plane disappeared. They may not know where the plane end up but but the have recorded evedience of the flight part before it disappear from radar
Sorry for the typo errors using my phone
- Debris won't solve mystery - No, but it will give Oceanographers and Hydrologists a starting point to follow the ocean currents back using speed/time equations. That will at least give an approximate location of where the debris originated.
Well said David.. Debris really means nothing at this point. To much time has passed .I don't even believe Oceanographers can equate the tides and currents to lead them even remotely close to the wreckage. I believe the plane will never be found. Sad situation for the families and friends who have lost their loved ones in this crash.
The friggin Oceans are so Polluted right now with floating debris that in just a couple more years the floating garbage patch islands will be able to pass as land-Bridges between continents. I'm Betting that Jacques Cousteau is spinning in his grave at a full 100 knots.
But hey, that's OK. It's CO2 that's the real pollution, right?
Over the years many people have written a message and put it into a sealed bottle and tossed it into the seas. These bottles end up all over the world and no one ever knows where they might end up. Factor in a Hurricane and a few good storms and the next piece can easily turn up in the Antarctic.
Some of the stuff, yes. The flapon is from a Boeing 777. It was identified some time ago.
I hope this gets them one step closer to closure for the families of the victims.
Closure-- the families surely don;t think their family member(s) are still alive. Dead is dead and since this is the only 777 to have crashed in the ocean it is 100% proof it did in fact crash in the ocean and not elsewhere as so many speculate.
How many Boeing airplane wings are "missing" anywhere in the world??? zero except for those belonging to MH370. Why does the media play it safe on this issue and keeps pretending like this mysterious 777 wing flap is not necessarily from the missing plane. Yet on the other hand, the media get things so wrong on other issues. The media plays it too safe on some subjects and not safe enough on other subjects. This is precisely why they lost all credibility. The members of the media now have less credibility than the average street thug or the average prostitute
Aircraft have been known to lose controlling surfaces at cruising altitude, although, not a daily occurrence.
The media has lost "all credibility?" why are you reading it?
I could have been an old part that was replaced during routine maintenance. Don't be easily lead.
Members of the media have less credibility than the "average" street thug or "average" prostitute? How then would you compare their credibility to the less-than-average or above-average street thug or prostitute...? Inquiring minds want to know....
The media just reports what they hear. Why do people assume everything they say has to be written in stone. Media just provides entertainment by trying to give you information on a particular subject They don't claim to be 100% accurate and never have. Authorities believe it or not don't want to lie to you and say they are 100% sure its from the plane until they get 100% approval. If they didn't wait for100% approval then you'd have people saying "how can they know for sure its from that plane when it hasn't been thoroughly examined". Damned I ya do and damned if ya don't
If the experts have not confirmed it yet then the media cannot say it is from the plane even though it may look like it. They have to wait on the experts findings. I totally agree with Joe head
I did read an item by a pilot who said an Airbus had crashed in the Indian ocean - thus the part could have come from that. Read that about 3 days ago.
Did you actually READ the article? It was NOT a wing flap...it was NOT a part of a plane...any plane!! HELLO!!!!!! Pay attention!! They have NEVER found one single micro fragment of that plane EVER!!
There's a massive amount of political barrier and sensitivities surrounding this crash, partially, even, stemming from the massive expenditures already made trying to find this plane. My dad consults on this dissapearance and even spent month on an Aussie ship trying to help find it. The media is just scrambling for a story. He knows more but can't even tell us until there are press releases.
The current of an ocean as large as the Indian ocean could send the other parts of the plane anywhere in the world, one day something may be seen in other countries...marking planes on each part would help in future crashes...
Lots of denials, no information. Commercial aircraft parts bear serial numbers confirming their age and source in order to document maintenance and replacement. Authorities are clearly dragging their feet identifying the wing flap Why? Are flight tickets about to get a lot cheaper?
The part number was traced to the Boeing 777 some days ago. Only one of this type is missing.
Alan: What is stopping air travel representatives from confirming this wreckage is part of the missing 777? Why the five day delay in locating and confirming the parts numbers? Are "officials" still ignorant of the inevitable result of coverups?
All this pomp an circumstance is not for us since it really is a no brainer where this piece came from. It's for two reasons. First for the attorneys; if they don't carry out a thorough analysis, the attorneys could be all over it in the future. They are just covering all their legal bases with this. The other is for the victim's families; they are going to need way more proof than we need that MH370 really is in the ocean. These people are going to want absolute and incontrovertible proof before they will give up their images of their family members sitting on a beach somewhere, feasting on lobster, and sipping Mai Tai's. They will attempt to void at all costs the realization that their relatives really are in pieces at the bottom of the ocean strapped to a chair in a destroyed airliner. The more information they are given about what happened to MH370, and the more data the experts extract from it, the stronger it will cut through their denial. They just will not accept that a telephone call established the fate of their loved one. They want to know that well qualified people did all they could to established the fate of their loved ones. We already know what happened to MH370 with this find. We don't need experts to tell us that, but then again, we don't have the stakes invested in this investigation that those who lost someone on this flight did.
Doubter: I found the info last week. Believe what you will. All it proves is that the part is from a 777. The rest is deduction.
According to CNN, this is a rice cooker, as a translated from the markings atop the object.
So the plane disappear 2000 mile or so away from where the debris was found. Some wash out on the beach, I believe I saw a tire, they couldn't go that far from the beach with all the rocks laying around. My question is how that big piece that was laying on the grassy area was found far away from the beach. It does look its a part of an airplane but not of a ladder as they claim and probably not from the same plane. I believe that someone place that piece there to come to a closure. It didn't work. Someone did a lousy job by covering it up. Maybe Malaysia,
LMAO...yeah it must have been done by the Three Stooges. It sure makes a lot of sense to cover up a plane part as being a ladder yet telling the world a wing part was found. I wonder if that part in the grassy area could have possibly been moved there by the person who found it. to keep it from washing back out in the ocean.....nah that's too easy an explanation
MH370 is/was/still is a false flag as most incidents are lately. so...they really do not want anything found. the people, if alive, are being brainwashed,drugged, or killed.
It was not found laying on a grassy area far away from the beach. Where are you getting that idea? It was carried from the beach across a grassy area, but that is all. It was not found there.
Of course not...there are ego's involved and they well never admit to making a mistake or being totally wrong...you have to overlook these so called experts and drive on they will file it away as not their fault and the plane will be found.
Conspiracy theorists are scrambling to find a possible connection between the missing plane and UFO's taking the plane. I suggest the possibility that Martians planted the plane wing on the beach of this island to take suspicion away from them. Does any dumb-a-s conspiracy theorist have anything better?
why take the plane abducting humans was their goal they are probably on some distant planet now
If is truly a 777 wing part, and no other 777s have been lost, then it seems pretty obvious that it came from MH370. Unless it detached from a different 777 that did not cause it to crash. I hope for the sake of the relatives that thousands will give them closure
Mystery, what mystery? The plane had some twenty Chinese scientists on board who worked for a U.S. tech company that produced warfare and radar technology and were to be part owners of the patent which was pending (and weeks later approved). All the other passengers were chalked up as "collateral damage". Once again history is rewritten by the government and we the proles will forget what this is really about.
What amazes me is how much krap is in the ocean. That's disgusting. God will get us for that. Wait and see for yourselves.
maybe you will end up in the ocean
Dozens of theories. Most involve people, although I read about a possible lithium battery fire theory. Time will tell.
It's called Reunion Island It's one of the cruelest ironies, and grieving families will never have a reunion with their loved ones.
There was a report earlier today that a beach cleaner claims to have found a possible seat from mh370 along with other suitcases about three months ago. He burned them thinking just trash. I am shocked that Reunion and other land surrounding the Indian Ocean were not put on high alert to be on the look out for possible debris.
Poor Marty - So easily shocked when playing Monday morning quarterback!
It's not that important ("Hi Alert"), and homeless trash-pickers have no financial incentive to do anything. They think poor and they are poor.
The piece in the picture looks like a crumpled seat and armrest....
LOL Well maybe I am not "shocked" but "a bit surprised". It does look like an armrest.
thanks marty....lets face it the "experts" were NOT looking for the plane wreckage or posting lookout notices!!
Imagine the amount of trash that must appear on the waterfront for a seat plane go unnoticed.
Someone else said that and I'm having a hard time believing it. Could it be just for attention.
Factoid: Le Tampon is a town on the island of La Reunion
Nothing against French experts but why not send the suspected Boeing part to Boeing?
It was found on French territory, and that means they have first dibs at it. Boeing is going there to do their analysis
We have people mistaking a ladder for a door, and a stovetop cooking pot for a door handle... Jesus Christ, do they just let ANY brain-dead potato onto the search and assessment teams?
Read the article Nick . ,,, would have to say yes to your question since ther is no team He said islanders were also dumbfounded that after cursory helicopter flights the day after the wing part was found, no official search of the coastline is underway - 'Treasure hunt' mentality - The rush to find more debris is a sign of the desperation for answers 16 months after MH370 disappeared on March 8, 2014, en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board. "There is a sort of 'treasure hunt' mentality that is taking hold and people are calling us for everything," said a local source close to the investigation so yes it
Nick if you reda the article u see there is no official search team on the island , just everyday people
If I hadn't read the article, larry, I wouldn't have known that even the locals couldn't tell a door from a ladder. Even the idiots in the backwoods of Louisiana can tell the difference. Especially the blind ones.
There is a reason they never found and never will find the MH370 Boeing 777 aircraft. If in fact the Boeing 777 landed in the water of the Indian Ocean and the water there is a deep as they say it is then pressure from an ocean that deep would have caused the plane to explode into thousands of pieces the further down it goes. This means that finding a large piece of any plane would have been impossible. Their earlier searches did find pieces of debris that probably did come from MH370 but at the depth their highly sophisticated sonar found this debris, and at the depth it was and the pressure under the water, would have made it virtually impossible to retrieve it. They'll have to wait until the rough currents wash it ashore as in this case.
True facts sorry but you sound like sick or stupid. 1. Down deep due to pressure nothing wd explode but IMPLODE. 2. That could happen to submarine but never to any airplane. All airplanes have safety negative press relief valves. They would just be filled with water and sink. Even submarine wd not go in thousands of pieces but would be filled with water after first crack.
Mop, Wrong, you know nothing about ocean depth.
Is it or is it not? So confusing, don't see this piece as answering any questions.
"...as authorities said metallic debris found by locals did not come from an airplane."
yet a piece is in a lab for testing
The craziest mystery out there today. Rates up there with United States Navy Flight 19.
Yeah, except Flight 19 not really that much of a mystery. Flight commander got lost, confused, and flew the wrong way. He had minimal qualifications to lead the flight, and until you've experienced the sudden rapid weather changes in the sub tropical Florida/Bahamas area it can be hard to understand how things change so rapidly. It's a very big ocean out there- as Flight 19 and MH370 proved.
The best theory I've heard is that none of them had a reliable wristwatch. They were to fly a certain heading for so many minutes, take another heading for so many minutes, and so on. The flight leader panicked when they didn't end up back where they started, and tried to retrace his steps, so they got further away from shore. I think that came out in the radio transmissions.
MH370 parts will mysteriously appear, not necessarily on this island. If one goes looking for them, one won't find any. This is how it works.
So they still can't positively identify the wing part but have no problem ruling out debris found AFTER the wing? WTH is taking so long with the wing??
It's likely because of the relatives of the victims. They are going to need extraordinary evidence that this is from MH370 before they let their loved ones go, and MAS along with all others involved are going to do everything to give that to them. To us it's a no-brainer, but to them, they are going to need something more.
It will be a tough decision if they found the wreckage. Will they raise it or let it rest there.
That's true, but I think they really want to know why this aircraft ended up where it did in case there might be living accomplices who knew in advance someone was going to do this.
Anyone still hoping their loved ones are somehow alive is not firmly in touch with reality!
thank you for that important information, you sick little worm.
Oily - Or should that be slimy? Or stupid?
Reunion got their Island put on the map, yup, never heard of the place and chances are after the current volcano eruption ceases the Island will go back into a speck on the map.
The 'Patriot' that never bothered to look at a map? We can believe that.
Tim50, well you know the press, quick to report and then later recant what they reported so people are going to believe what they read...how else would be all know...
Again...the media is just ENTERTAINMENT. They try to get the story to you as quickly as possible because everybody wants to know right effin now. If they waited til everything they say was verified it would be yesterdays news and people would be saying "why did they wait so long to tell us". This ain't CSI Miami where everything is solved in an hour episode. News stories are in no way any kind of 100% factual and always subject to change. Try using a newspaper article as some form of evidence in court and see how far that gets ya . News media is no different that hearing about it from a friend who heard it from a friend. Don't set your watch by it ...just read the story and move on.
Joe well said. You made me laught
From the article it sounds like they do not want anyone to find anything.
My theory; a small bomb went off in a cargo compartment, causing a rapid decompression, and damage to the electrical system. The flight crew became incapacitated either because their oxygen system was damaged in the explosion, or they did not react in time. The aircraft was trimmed for level flight and although the autopilot was inactive due to the loss of electrical power, the trim settings cause the aircraft to continue to fly a meandering path while climbing and descending as airspeed increased and decreased with altitude changes, until fuel starvation.
My theory is you are a complete idiot
why was the tracking switch turned off then, I doubt electric problem did that for so long before it ever went down, that plane was still seen off and on from where it turned, it was the pilot, was having personal problems that not much of the public knows of, he was muslem religion and they love to take out a lot of others when they die also
With all of the spy satellites in orbit, that are so powerful, that they can read a newspaper, laying on a park bench, you mean to tell me, that they can't review spy satellite photos for the night that MH370 disappeared and track its whereabouts???? Hard to believe.
One of the key things to this investigation is why certain controls were turned off and the plane rerouted from its original flight plan.
We already know why - give it a break - it's old news!Send me $20. and I will tell you all about it.
It could possibly have been a suicide/murder, by the pilot. No one really knows yet.
because the plane was being flown by a nutcase, you know, kinda like you and the residents of this looney bin.
Max- In your post you assume they were 'turned off'- how do you know that? For all we know the wiring was severed by an explosion causing them to lose power and 'turn off'. Could the pilots oxygen tank have exploded in the E+E bay? Was there an electrical fire? Some other disaster or explosion? Attempted hijacking, gone wrong? That's why this is such a mystery, we have questions but so few clues.
I read somewhere else a sort of lone caretaker of the beach has been finding odd stuff like this for months. and he has "burned" them. What kind of light bulb does he have floating around in his head? he burned a seat which he sat on at the beach for awhile, and that wasprobably a seat from the plane as well. He says he works alone and had no one to consult with. Jeepers, you gotta wonder about some people who put 2 + 2 together = 0 !
If a beachcomber is the only job he can get, he is probably informationally challenged.
"i read somewhere else" TRANSLATED: "i read lies from a propaganda article"
This is a lonely island out in the Indian Ocean. They probably have debris floating in all the time and have no "land fills," so burning trash is it. Even if they had TV/internet coverage, they would not necessarily be following the story, and even if they had, they are 1000's of miles away from the search area. So if you want to blame anyone, some airline/search official should have been going around on the islands asking the locals who were maintaining the environment there to be on the lookout for debris. The man who found the wing tip considered finding it the leading of God because they did not expect to find anything on their island.
Maybe their lucky, they don't read newspapers, read the Internet and don't have CNN WOULDNT THat be nice
@Florence - speaking of "people who put 2 + 2 together = 0"? Why should ANYONE on the Island of Réunion expect debris from MH370 to wash ashore?
All kinds of #$%$ floats on to beaches, what is he supposed to do with it? He's cleaning the beach not looking for a crashed airplane.
If there were financial incentive, perhaps he wouldn't be burning Aluminum wings either.
yeah tough call about garbage on a beach. But still, it seems anyone would be on the lookout. I'm sure Australian beach combers have been.
Yeah there are no landfills so lets burn everything. Even if the beachcomber is unaware of this incident he's burning what it looks like modern large aircraft wreckage. Aircraft wreckage is so common in that area that he's used to it thus burns it. Seriously, 2+2 = 0 to this person.
the ocean is full of garbage floating around, stuff from the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami is still out there.
jeepers, where is 'somewhere'? you freeking moron.
He's probably been finding about 50-100lbs of junk on that beach every day for his entire career, so there's no reason he should treat this differently. There may be "some" possibility that he discarded something related to the plane, but in the end this will be of little consequence. Well - that is until he shows us a picture of a bright orange electronic box that washed up and he subsequently incinerated!
Nothing will bring them back. So relax.
I find that hard to believe
These natives may not have communication like we do, he probably sees something like this every year on the beach, its a large ocean and may have other stuff at the bottom..
My belief is that the Aussie and Malaysian are searching in the wrong area and it's probably near the Island. If we drew a straight line from when the plane turned around towards Pulau Langkawii then just let the line go to when they think the plane ran out of fuel should be the vicinity not Australia, The should search all Islands near the recovery point and that would be a good start.
I feel so sorry for the relatives of the missing passengers who are doomed to spend the rest of their lives getting their hopes continuously raised by the idiot media who treat this as clickbait or something to put out on slow news days... the fact China lost 153 of its citizens on that plane but have zero interest in the search is very telling.. should be a message to others
Of course if that wing part came from a Boeing 777, it would have to be from MH370, all other incidents involving that particular model have had their parts accounted for.
Mark had to type something so he wrote something stupid that he knows nothing about
By eliminating the impossible, then we end up with the possible. There are other 777 accidents where the flaperon must be accounted for to eliminate them as the source of the found debris. Thus, by pure logic it leaves only one plane, the MH370 as the possible link to the debris. Obviously the French are taking their sweet time establishing this link for various reasons, maybe publicity and worldwide attention are good for tourism?
I'm sure it's because the French Investigators are on Strike....
French arrogance plays a part in this, The wing part should have been sent to Boeing(!) not to some laboratory in France! Boeing probably could have identified it nearly immediately. They built the damn thing! This is ridiculous.
It was found on French territory, so the french get first shot at it. Boeing has sent their people there to scope it out
If they wait long enough, would all the pieces of the wreckage eventually gather together in Reunion island?
“Flight MH370 is the only Boeing 777 to ever be lost at sea.” That is the most important information to me to convince me that the debris is from the lost plane. I seems remember that some news said there were only 3 lost 777 planes. But not much news talked about it.
There have been 3 fatal crashes of 777s - the first an Asiana Airlines flight in San Francisco in 2013, when it clipped the end of the runway on landing and broke the tail off. The other 2 were both Malaysian airlines - this flight(Flt370), and Flt17, which was shot down near Donetsk, Ukraine a few months after Flt370 was lost.
ALL 777 planes are parts are accounted for as to their locations, flying or not, except MH370. They recovered the parts of the other planes for analysis, which they most often do.
"Fatal crashes" is not really the pertinent test. There have been five hull losses of B777 aircraft to date. The other four have been on land, thousands of miles from there, and are fully accounted for.
Pygmalion, I wanted to differentiate between hull losses with no deaths, such as the crash landing in UK, and the fire on the ground in Egypt, and the serious events such as San Francisco, Ukraine, and the hull currently still missing.
No argument there, Kenga. But since conspiracy theorists are all over this, it is important to point out that all pieces of all aircraft are accounted for, and one may not stop by a local junkyard and pick up a 777 aileron to "plant" in the Indian Ocean....
Thanks to all! These information are very interesting.
Unfortunately, my feeling is there never going to find this aircraft. I truly and strongly believe something "supernatural" happened here. This case is just FAR to perplexing for it to be anything less than that.
supernatural or high criminal, i expect high criminal.
Wing Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing found in Reunion Island, From July 2014: Boeing 777 hoax: Although there were zero dead the total number of "women and girls" killed by the nazzos in Donetsk and Lugansk is more than ten times the illuminati media's "conservative estimate" of 626 until Jun 2014. news.yahoo.---/more-6-400-killed-amid-tremendous-hardship-ukraine-112335104.html BASICS All fake: from still ongoing Malaysia Boeing 777 downed over Ukraine to Boston Marathon bombings ending with anyone sentenced to death for anythin": "Putin" in the MAIN role to convince the audience that these are real events. Not to mention theater such as "FIFA Blatter reelected only to be arrested and jailed". Malaysia Boeing 777 downed over Ukraine The core lie of an event totally staged with actors: - a plane crashed, or in other words: there were not ZERO dead passengers. This is the core lie because exposing it implies exposing two underlying core lies: - "Putin" is NOT part of the conspiracy. - government of Republic of Donetsk, installed after the May 16 coup with russian Alexander Borodai as prime-minister, is NOT part of the conspiracy. Reminder: The most important reason to use fake instead of real victims is to have everyone in the cast say nothing but what is scripted. Had a real airliner been downed the victim's families would blame the obvious culprits not the scripted ones. ** end-times-reductionism.blog+spot -- 2014/07
Space aliens only leave the wreckage they want to be found.
No wreckage, no bodies. Either it crashed into the ocean or aliens abducted them. I hope the families can find some closure.
If it were Aliens (oh brother) all our jetliners would be missing from the sky.
Not all. The question is If it was aliens then we have to ask why that plane and not all of them? like you said Glenda. Who or what was on that plane to make the aliens want to take it?
Or.... it simply crashed and sank into the ocean.
Another load of #$%$ article .Write an article when they really find something. This is beyond stupid now.
I think it is 'something" Is it the key to the whole mystery, no. But it is already more than they have had in the preceding 16 months, they did not have one floating sneaker....
Freudian. When one hears one's mother keep saying," this boy is beyond stupid", the phrase will then surface all the time.
yeah...it is like how at the moment every idiot prefaces every stupid response with "at the end of the day"....if there was ever a stupid moronic meaningless phrase.
David I agree. This would not be the first Flap or trim tab two separate from an aircraft in flight.
no...but do we have any missing from 777s ?
The real question is, WERE any reported missing?
I'm thinking they don't have any choice...it creates an in-flight emergency situation from moment it shears off, and a landing emergency at other end.
there are no barnacles or other sea life on any of the debris. This stuff was not in the sea or sitting on a beach for the last year and a half
Go back to bed. You're still drunk.
Some guy turned in to authorities a large, rusty, enamel-covered boxy object. It turned to be a broken washing machine that's been sitting in his front yard for the past 12 years.
The investigators better not cry wolf on this. Otherwise i will never believe the evidence until it is proven.
Why is the fallacy that plane parts need to be found for families to have closure continually pushed? Those who believe in the hereafter know their family members are there and those who don't know they are dead. A plane part can't bring closure or exact answers as to what happened.
Have you seen what some of these people have been saying? They think their relatives are on an island somewhere feasting on lobster and sipping Mai Tais.Like many such people in their position, they a re not going to believe otherwise until they are given definitive and absolute proof that their loved one is a skeleton that is strapped to a chair at a bottom of the ocean somewhere.
Burned them after he took the contents. Island culture is different, perhaps they have foreign workers.
Still haven't said the part came from THE plane. If so, can the 777 fly without this part? If so, do we still have the stolen plane scenario with expendible part seeding in the ocean as a mis-direct?
I was thinking something very similar. If the 777 can fly without this part, could it have fallen off any 777 that happened to fly over Reunion Island?
Did William Shatner go out on the wing, tear it off, and toss overboard as part of your conspiracy theory?
I think it's possible to land MH370, take parts off, distribute removed parts with different methods and areas so they appear as wreckage but relocate search groups. Oceans have consistent current models. We're the debris floating? Could they have floated for a year and 4 months. Why not just figure out the likely rate of travel, go against the current to the start point and have a look?
But this will contradict Don Lemon's assertion that the plane fell into a black hole. Unless he was using black hole to euphemistically refer to something else. Ahem.
There is strong evidence that Don's brain is not experiencing the same time/space dimension the rest of us are experiencing.
Is this the same island where they found a piece of the SS Minnow and one of Ginger's coconuts?
Couldn't the authorities contact Ariel The Mermaid for help?
Parts would have washed ashore Long Before Now. This could very well be a planted story to get people to focus on it , when in fact that jet landed at an undisclosed location. My personal opinion Only !!!!! Until more objects are found we'll never know , now will we.
All he needs is a big red nose and clown shoes.
It looks like the testimony of residents of Kudahuvadhoo island in Maldives, who saw Boeing 777 flying low over Indian Ocean at night of March 09 2014 far apart of traditional routes to and from Male International Airport, was true. On this case flight MH370 was directed to Diego Garsia area, not to Antarctica as official version say.
All these weird theories are the result of the corrupt Malaysian government issuing all kinds of wrong information and not being truthful. I glad there is some idea of what really happened to the plane. Several people with military intelligence background say, think Muslims.
A mooslim was flying it ....hello! The ticket should have had a warning label attached.
Heard a news report last week that they are investigating $700,000,000 missing from Malaysian government accounts, and are claiming it may have gone to accounts controlled by the PM! $700 mil! Now that's big league corruption!
Greatest puzzles? Wait till you find out why the Malays continue to support a corrupt regime.
Yeah, but people in glass houses.....
Put an aluminum boat in the sea and within a week or two it's got all kinds of crud attached to it. Somebody planted this stuff where it was found
I find it amazing that with all the money spent on the military that we don't already have a scanning system that can scan the entire planet. How are we finding and tracking enemy subs equipped with stealth technology but we can't find a friggen Boing 777?
You believe the 'tech hype'. We can't even build a new combat aircraft that works in 15+ years- see the F-35.
I agree commenter, What are we getting for our military dollars? I saw a TED talk where a guy made a laser mosquito killer out of a video camera a computer and a low power laser for less than 5k. It would locate, track and shoot the mosquitoes with the laser. It seems that we could use the same technology and make a scanner for the oceans that could track every object in the ocean if we wanted to.
whoever did the first reports of this story should be SHOT. SOMEONE first reported the piece was consistent with an aileron or flap of a 777. Now we find out it was a LADDER? In no universe does a ladder look like a flap. Whoever reported that should be shot; no, not just run out of the 'profession' but actually shot, in front of a firing squad.
They're saying another piece of debris that was found turned out to be a ladder. It was first thought to be part of an airplane door.
You have no idea what you are talking about, so shouting in CAPS is really inappropriate. The flaperon is in a lab in France, awaiting confirmation it came from MH-370.
Joe should be shot for being too stupid to understand what the story said.
So, has the other wreckage been confirmed to be from flight MH370 as the article suggests? Isn't it interesting how close this Island is to Diego Garcia?
Sure it has been confirmed. It's elementary. It has a part number on it, 657-bb, and the 777 maintenance manual shows that the part number of a 77 is 657-BB. That means the flaperon is from a 777. The only missing 777 is MH370, and that's the only possible contributor of this flaperon.
..the 777 maintenance manual shows that the part number of a 777 FLAPERON is 657-BB
This is what happens when you fabricate a story that the wing component came from a 777. You created hysteria when you created the story. That component came from one of the many plane wrecks in the area but you thought it a convenient way to end speculation about MH370.
Also, but not very often, controlling surfaces of aircraft do come off at cruising altitude and become some of that floating debris.
Just like you fabricated a story about the report that the wing component was fabricated.
That' not just impossible, it's silly. It has a part number on it from the factory, and that part is shown in the 777 maintenance manual as belonging to that exact part. Since MH370 is missing, it's the only possible contributor of that flaperon. No other aircraft has the same part number for a flaperon.
curious - have you checked the manuals of other planes to confirm that 657-BB is ONLY used on 777s??
Yes. It's only used on 777's
It's already been verified it's a flaperon from a 777, so you crazies can put your tin foil beanies back on now. "We know the flaperon has been officially identified as being part of a Boeing 777 aircraft," Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said in a statement, cited by Reuters. "This has been verified by French authorities together with aircraft manufacturer Boeing, U.S. National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) and the Malaysian team comprising the Department of Civil Aviation, Malaysia Airlines, and Malaysian ICAO Annex 13 Safety Investigation Team for MH370." cbs Investigators: Photos show plane debris is from Boeing 777 "...aircraft wreckage found on an island in the western Indian Ocean is a wing component unique to a Boeing 777 airplane, the same model as Malaysia Airlines Flight 370."
Australians must learn a little more about Geography before searching anything.
Why are you dissing the land down under? I trust them more than the Malaysians, or French.
I said before it will take 200 years to solve this mystery and we still have 188.5 years to go...
You might want to check your math.
That part of 777 plane must be from MH370; three major accidents involving 777: one was shot down in Ukraine, one happened in LAX, so this part definitely from MH 370, so obvious, unless Boeing dumped some things into Indiana ocean !
MH17 had already corpses not fresh dead drop from the sky...? and the plane parts did not match MH17?
On water landing or an ocean landing can leave the plane intact, that debris maybe thrown by an unscrupulous people who want some fun of the victims relatives, the plaferon can be something but a ladies hand bag is nothing.
During a controlled landing on a river, yes. The distance this plane traveled means it most likely ran out of fuel and fell from the sky. Pitch, speed and high mid ocean waves says total destruction.
It is really a piece of the 911 attack by Bush.
A Cult Muslim Pilot ? I think More than Likely The Pilot had a Very Clear Idea of what he wanted to do. The plane was under solid control all the way to its End....There is NO such thing as a Good Muslim....They all have only One Resolve and that is to Kill all that do not believe in their Sick Primitive Cult !
sick, primitive? that would be a hater like mark.
mark and his friends are psyching themselves out for a genocide. It's what they crave. It's the only "solution" to their perceived problems.
That leather-covered handle in the photo comes off a helicopter ejection seat mechanism, like you see on the Discovery Channel shows.
"helicopter ejection seat" - bwahhhhh hahahahaha ....
Helicopter ejection seat! Nice one drop!
We all know that helicopter ejection seats use screw-type feeder mechanisms, similar to those found on industrial meat grinders
I for one am tired uf sending money looking for this plane, when people are starving in the world. I am satisfied it went in the ocean, and convinced the pilot did it - the why, at this point don't make any difference. This should be AN EXAMPLE as to WHY NOT to fly on 3rd world airlines, period.
No one said the pilot did anything, he was a 20 year veteran and a good man, something happened, let it lay, it is over and a shame so many had to die..
Are there any morons left out there who still think this flaperon is not from MH370?
Maybe I'm a moron but, the only confirmation that the flaperon came from a 777 is from this guy: "Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai". I far as I know, he has not personally seen the flaperon , nor has any real knowledge of 777 structure. I"m skeptical to say the least.
I think it more likely than when story first broke, but there still seems some differing opinion even from 'experts"..it is not a 100% lock. But if betting, I am now better than even-action.
Yeah,. that's false. You are leaving out the rest of that article, which says MH370: Possible Aircraft Door Discovered On Reunion, After Other Debris Found "We know the flaperon has been officially identified as being part of a Boeing 777 aircraft," Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said in a statement, cited by Reuters. "This has been verified by French authorities together with aircraft manufacturer Boeing, U.S. National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) and the Malaysian team comprising the Department of Civil Aviation, Malaysia Airlines, and Malaysian ICAO Annex 13 Safety Investigation Team for MH370." This ultimately comes from Boeing, the BEA, the NTSB, and other agencies involved in the search for MH370. So you're either a moron or you are intentionally distorting the truth
The flaperon has a number on it, 657-BB. The Boeing 777 service manual shows that part number as being a flaperon on a 777, and it shows it both in text and in diagram. The only missing 777 is MH370. I don't work for Boeing, but I am 100% certain this is a piece of MH370, and that's what Boeing will be saying within the next few days.
airlive UPDATE 12:38UTC Here is the serial number of plane debris: '657-BB'
I would never intentionally distort the truth. I've read the article and I do not see this statement you posted: "This has been verified by French authorities together with aircraft manufacturer Boeing, U.S. National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) and the Malaysian team comprising the Department of Civil Aviation, Malaysia Airlines, and Malaysian ICAO Annex 13 Safety Investigation Team for MH370." Are we reading the same article? The one I see, starts as "No plane link...."
It's an ibtimes article; all you have to do is google the title and the source. This is the title of the reuters article Malaysia says airplane debris found on Reunion Island part of Boeing 777
This si the xinhuanet title Flaperon officially identified as from Boeing 777: Malaysian transport minister
This is the stratistimes title Malaysia says flaperon found on Reunion Island part of Boeing 777, report says more debris found
RIP for all the passages , all the people on board of MH 370
Keep hanging on to those conspiracies......some of you will be in denial no matter what they find. I guess if your mind is made up then you'll except nothing short of evidence that backs up your conspiracy. "something would have washed ashore"...ok something washed ashore now "it must have been planted there". I suppose if they find the whole plane then they must have planted the plane and all the bodies or bones. If a video came out showing the actual crash it would be a fake. Some people are just plain stubborn.
I can't wait to see what the whackjobs are going to say when they finally find the plane in pieces at the bottom of the ocean; this should be good.
I have to laugh at all these comments from the readers.....if it was your loved one on the plane, I'm sure that you would never make these rude remarks. And why wouldn't you have hope that your loved one is still alive? That is part of love.
They were just interviewing Donald Trump on CNN two minutes ago. They asked him about the piece of wreckage. When they told Trump that it is a left wing, he called the debris a "stupid loser."
All he needs is a big red nose and floppy clown shoes. He would drown if ever caught in a rain storm and no umbrella!
pukeyou, wow a little snot dripping 7 year old troll on mommies computer
Are there any morons left out there who still think this flaperon is not from MH370?
The greatest puzzle was why didnt the Malay Air Force didnt do anything even when their radar saw the plane turned around.
They were sleeping on the job and no one gave them a bribe to alert anyone. If they had alerted their commander who was sleeping and it was a false reading he would be transferred to a hell hole some where.
You people calling everyone stupid, when they are just trying to ask a question. Just move on, no need to be insulting hiding behind your computer. Now saying just Alex, saw it here an awful lot.,
These poor families. How haunting it must be....Knowing, not knowing...Just horrible.
Some people take a tragedy like this as a funny show, no brains in their heads at all, goes to show you what type people we have to live with..no matter where it is..
Anyone that has been to the beach can tell about mountains of junk that wash ashore all the time.
upgrade the safety & norude passengers or air travel is dead bullet trains around the globe with fun destination stations is it
or turnnels or floating barges or nasa should be improving earth not pluto besides what can they study on pluto they can't on earth - same - planets and if they can't improve desert here they are not going to be able to change a thing about whole planets of deserts
Space exploration has given back to us, I rather see us stay out of other countries fighting useless wars.
I'd rather go by ship or plane, but there is no actual sea travel as such as we used to have it in titanic days, and if it was, it would be costly...on a train, I did a long rail journey on AMTRAK in 2013...I did not have a sleeper..it was a nightmare at night.
amtrak is bumpy - bullets are different
I still say they have been looking of the wrong area.
Probably true since they have not yet changed their search area as a result of this finding. In the coming weeks, an analysis of how this flaperon got to where it was found based on the ocean currents that took it there will allow them to narrow the search area down to more likely locations.
it looks like they found this well above the high water mark in a grassy area from the pictures i've seen. how does something that size wash ashore and end up there?
Yeah, that was after they pulled it out of the water.
locals prob. didn't want it to wash back out
latimes What a six-foot chunk of plane debris might bring to the MH370 mystery Aviation forensic experts at a defense laboratory in France have yet to confirm that the barnacle-encrusted "flaperon" pulled out of shallow waters by beachcombers on the French territory of Reunion Island came from the doomed flight that went missing on March 8, 2014. See where it says PULLED OUT OF SHALLOW WATER?
The guy who found it said he thought it would get damaged bashing on the volcanic rocks. So he got coworkers to help move it out of the water.
who said it was barnacle covered?
Placed in an "iron case?" I doubt it. Metal case, but not "iron."
I just saw it on the news. It was an aluminum camera case.
Very very strange, fishy and plain stupid!
I hope they find some survivors
Have they checked Gilligans Island yet?
Yeah, Gilligan split years ago and treasure hunters sold the parts from the Minnow on eBay.
The conspiracy theorists morons that claimed the plane was stolen are now scurrying for an explanation. They'll say "a few of the plane's parts were torn from the plane...beat with a sledge hammer......and planted in the ocean in order to cover their tracks.
They need a lot of tin foil for that hat. It's a real stretch.
I'm still waiting for the evidence that thjs was part of that plane which, there isn't any.
It is a false lead- space aliens used replicator 3D technology to make fake clues to throw off investigators. Prove the conspiracy theory is wrong.
So metal wings can float? Did you see the picture? NO air chambers on that thing. Planted.
You can only see part of it in any photos. There could easily be sealed or foam filled pockets in that piece that could help it float. Things like that float in the ocean all the time.
Maylasia had recently made powerful accusations against Israel at the UN.
Maybe Malaysia should solve some of their problems at home, and Asia, before worry about the Middle East.
Boats are made of metal and they float.
It's really not that hard to figure out Roscoe.
Roscoe- fill bathtub with water, get pots and pans from kitchen, turn upside down and see if any of them trap enough air to float.
Ok...so aluminum with holes can float for a year?
Depending on what something is constructed of and how it is constructed, it can "float" somewhere between the bottom of the ocean and the surface, making it difficult to see. Things don't always float on the surface where they can be easily seen.
Things like this can easily float, and often do. Even big steel 40' full connex containers float in the ocean for long periods of time.
any guesses who planted certain evidence on this island,
what are you talking about; these were smart debris. they knew land was nigh when the saw the lighthouse beacon
i expect it is the same who planned this mystery and those who refused to allow malaysia to report the truths they did have.
Why did the authorities discounted reports out of Maldives about eyewitnesses seeing a low-flying wide-body jet and an aircraft fire extinguishing bottle washing up on shore at around end March 2014.? A cover up.?
There is no way this jet slammed into the ocean. Debris, oil and fuel would have been all over the oceans surface. This plane somehow did a control landing on the oceans surface which would be the reason for the lack of debris. Either way there is still a mystery about what happened.
you know how vast the ocean actually is?
Yes I do so I'm not sure what you're implying. What's your point?
What? No comments blaming Obama for the crash yet? What's wrong? Everyone sleeping in today??
It is just in reaction to the 8 years of blaming Bush. This is the world we live in. The Democrats hate the Bush family and the Republicans hate the Clinton family. We have a real problem with government gridlock but nobody wants to compromise and it looks like either a Clinton or a Bush will win and we will get more gridlock. Blame the American voter.
@IgboNewaki...No people are not sleeping in, it's just that the US is 6 hours later than Africa.
Igbo, give me a minute I'll think of something.
It was a pretty late night. Let me get some coffee and I'll be right with you.
it's all barry barrack hussein obama sorento's fault
. . Yup, , So many Boeing 777 planes planes are missing in the Indian Ocean they can't tell if this 777 wreckage is from MH370. . . . Come on media, , pull your heads out and quit saying "possibly" or "may be". .
Where is the plane door with malasyian and chinese letters? Lol
search polished aluminium kettle in yahoo images
It won't be stupid if Boeing determines that a small within the plane seems to malfunction during rare occurrences during flight that causes crash issues.
I don't know what you think is stupid, but I doubt very many of this planet's inhabitants agree with your assessment.
I'm wondering if they ever saw the movie Castaway
REUNION ISLAND IS 6,000 MILES FROM FRANCE .........yet the island is atill a part of France ...........and the European Union. IN PLAIN SPEAK the island is still a COLONY of France just like the Great USofA was a COLONY of`them Englishmen. YES france and england still own peoples the COLONIZED long ago .......remember that Falkland Island War between them Englishmen and the rightful owners Argentina. HEY FRANCE ....LET THEM PEOPLE GO !!!
Space Aliens has taken it to their planet for experiment, soon Earth will vanished!!!
Headline could have read," New found debris not related to plane crash.)
we have been invaded by aliens disguised as young adults .... heheheheheheheeee
you forgot the aliens from central america and mexico
How can they refer to that rock pile in the pic as a beach? Whew! If so, that's one ugly...beach.
Once again media blows it. Also see that Cecil brother alive. Lol
So that man that said God told him to look for the wreckage on the island did not find the wreckage? God is wrong again?
"unless the black boxes are found", the black boxes are still withheld from planes which struck the WTC twin towers.
Chinese kettle with return to owner inscription in Hanzi.
It is LONG overdo to believe that the plane is coming back. Get over it! Get on with your lives.
The more u know! Thanks for telling me.
Look from now until doomsday, you won't find anything - the plane went through a wormhole and is now in a different dimension - there are many dimensions in the world and we know very little- the truth is in the stars !!!!!
And which one do you reside in?
The plane crashed into the ocean and most likely will never be found. People who think the plane was hijacked and landed some where else are silly.
The "black boxes" are TOAST. Even if they are found they will be useless.
Took them two years to find the Air France recorders, at a much greater depth, and they were perfectly exploitable
Maybe its possible some of the items being found came from cargo hold
people assume,media tells the world,hopes are trashed
"debris confirmed to come from MH370 it is unlikely to completely clear up one of aviation's greatest puzzles". JUST FOLLOW THE CURRENT "UPSTREAM" AND YOU'LL FIND THE PLANE!!!
I am sure a lighthouse guided the debris to the shore - smart debris!
I'm pretty sure two days ago officials said they were "closer than ever" to solving the mystery of MH370.
Sorry, they need closure still? Like what, they expect them to arrive in an airport and walk off a plane 18 months later? Must have watched too many Twilight Zone episodes!
I just passed gas and it smells pretty good to me
it meant to be confuse so you keep coming back to read more about MH370 goose hunt charade.
Nur Laila is a Muslim name. So is Ismail.
Less brown skinners. Teahaters love that.
Wow! Teamoron rebuttals are SOOOO intellectual!
so was your OP...a regular Oxford thesis.
Compared to your crappola, what the hell isn't?
Your standard is improving..perhaps treatment is partially effective.
Whatever the hell that nonsensical teababble means...
I no going to believe any of this.......yet. this is WAY too easy to fabricate.... just look at that first picture, that metal "handle" looking thing... as far as I knew metal sinks........unless it is in the shape of a sealed chamber....bla..bla..bla.....like the wing part....just an observation.
No one is interested in whether you believe it. The point of the investigation is not to convince you.
remember you said this, Mr. Pygmalion......like you never entered a conversation in a similar fashion.........sheeple.
=== THUMB UP to prevent NSA psy-ops to hide it within minutes with 10 thumbs down === FAKE attacks staged by Israeli gov, all nazo agents, to demonize jewsih settlers and to divert from reality. end-times-hoaxes.blo+gspot. /2013/10
Its pretty safe to say all the passengers were eaten by sharks hhahahhahajahahahhah
Comoros....maldives....andamanislands....diego garcia....mh370 could have went down anywhere! beware when the"experts" tell you to look only off the west coast of australia....then don't find anything...then STOP LOOKING!!!....SHAME!!
It boomeranged into the harbour during 911 and was taken out to sea.
Communist China hijacked the plane. It did NOT crash in the sea at all. If these parts are from it, they have been scattered by the Chinese hijackers to try to make the crash theory stick. WHY did Commie-china hijack the plane?-----to get secrets from the occupants; more than twenty leading computer research scientists from california, on their way to a conference. Are they alive still? Are they being tortured? The only real info is on YOUTUBE....look it up.
There is nothing communist about China. It is more capitalist than US.
I don't think MH370 is in the water.
Then where is it? Enlighten us Earthlings.
you loser dumbssaes are just plain sad.
I don't get it. Is it me or are they spending so much time on 'debris float, when all they got to do is ask the The muslim pilot next time we go to hell.
falls under the category of 'jetsam'
it is om wolf blitzers a#@
Hello!!!!!!!! What they found was NOT a part of a plane....get it!! It was not a wing flap, not a door....not even a toilet seat!! It was NOT part of a plane. Do none of you realize that, after all this time, and , after all the effort, they have found not one single scrap of evidence from the plane....zero!! They have found no proof that the plane went down...zero. Do you not understand that this plane was stolen??? We will see it again one day, have no fear of that...or should I say HAVE GREAT FEAR OF THAT!!
looks like the NSA did a lousy job of getting rid of the plane and the poor people on it. no worries, emphatic denial of guilty.
people got get in that water and look
Send the part to Pluto this time for inspection