A friend of mine lost her husband in a plane accident that wasn't discovered until almost two years after the plane had gone down. He was an engineer with a mining company that was flying with a friend aboard a small Cessna in the far northern territories between Canada and Alaska a few years ago when they went down. A search ensued. But, without any decent indicators or even a flight plan for this outing the authorities called off the search as the weather was turning frigid in what was early October. In the time between then and when a research plane found the wreckage his family, a wife and two children were struck into limbo. One between tension of what could be discovered and simply not knowing where he'd gone to. That, I feel is what the families of these people are going through. I say that if the costs of an intensive search are too high that a slower paced, but, wide area one commence. If for any reason that at some point that tension can be dealt with and the answers to their questions could at least be found while not being terribly oppressive in terms of cost. Unless, the Chinese who lost the most here begin to kick in some funds as well.
As I interpret the article, the chinese are paying their fair share in this effort. At least that's my understanding.
They've been contributing in terms of logistics. But, not in terms of the data collection (the payment for the sensory equipment). Which, is the lion's share of the cost.
@AndrewP: Now, you hit on another angle. The U.S. military is documenting Chinese logistical capability.
The Chinese lost people in the accident. They would hardly put any value on a life, so to the Chinese government they've lost nothing.
In a lot of ways, finding a Cessna in the Northern Territories would be HARDER than finding a 777 in the ocean. The small debris field from the Cessna never disperses, and gets covered by snow. The debris field from the 777 would be massive at this time, and not a single seat cushion has washed ashore in the world? That plane was stolen for some reason!
@Mike D: Interesting comment. There are satellites up there that saw the whole thing. Remember that Diego Garcia is in the area. As Navy vet, you better believe that there is a protective net all around Diego Garcia that would have drawn in this area of the ocean.
Australia has been so kind to devote time, people and money when theyhave no reason too. KUDOS to them. However, China has the most people aboard this flight. China has excessively deep pockets these days. A mere 2 or 3 billion dollars would not be noticed in loss to their daily renminbi (dollars) whatsoever. Plus, once this is amortized over a year or even two years paying on a monthly search they can certainly afford this search all by themselves with out Australia or any other country participating. Trust me, this is easily afforded by them and their money without harm and financial stress period. CHINA should be ALL IN and get it done. I know it is not their full responsibility but they have the most to gain and the least amount to lose as opposed to all the other countries in the world.
Yes very kind. But I believe a waste of time. Someone has this plane. It's not in the ocean.
chinese people have been always cheap, they never help countries in troubles .. other countries also support them specially the US, however chinese people are selfish and cheap...
Maybe China knows where this plane is,and has no reason to look??????????? Someone has it.
Chinese citizen lives are cheap to their gov't. China will only pay if one of its top official or their relatives was on board that plane.
I agree this plane is not in the ocean. I have followed about every article and if they have found absolutely no debris, no oils of any kind, no nothing then the plane exists or did exist on land. In my opinion someone(s) thought out in great detail who has a lot of experience and knowledge about the air industry, planes and all functions, procedures and protocols and who has successfully carried them out ease and invisibility. This plane is on land someplace or was. A year later the plane could look different and outfitted now with new aerospace electronics and flying everyday some where in the world. It is a crazy theory hard to imagine this plane went down softly, landed without breaking apart and just sunk. I know at the depths where they think it is at that plane would be a crushed tin can when it hit the bottom of the ocean floor.
A very good book was written: Goodnight, Malaysian 370. It was the Senior Pilot, he went mad and committed suicide. I always thought it was him.
I find it difficult to believe that the airplane simply 'vanished' into thin air. Last year, there was a tv show that presented several possible scenarios regarding this so-called disappearance. Radar indicated that the plane made a 180° turn after take-off, and several other turns after that. My question is ... was the radar real or ... is this simply another possible conspiracy? I doubt we will ever know the truth.
From the beginning, the Malaysians really did not want to locate the plane and, as a result, they "took their sweet time" beginning the investigation. I believe that all the while, the investigation has been conducted in the wrong area! They could look for a million years where they are now and never find it! I believe that the jet is on land somewhere in South Asia, not in India, but one of the countries in surrounding it. Pakistan is the most likely country where it is, but until we look seriously, we will never locate MH370!
Muslims are a weird breed, these pathetic loser pilots totally did this on purpose, there is no other explanation- and yes, I'm a commercial pilot.
Best wish, good luck. Prayer with and for all the families who had members on that flight.
We can track your phone, we can track you and we can track your car, but we cannot track a jet. Makes no sense to me; and frankly I do not believe it crashed into the ocean, because not one piece of the plane has been located, or has floated to the top. That is impossible. A plane just doesn't fall out of the sky and sink to the ocean floor completely intact. I feel so much sadness for their family and friends, who are just waiting for answers. I hope they get them someday.
If the plane had ditched intact into the sea, it could have then sunk in one piece with no debris
Everything you said coule be tracked. I want you to go out into the ocean where the plane went down. Please do, then what I want you to do is find it with this super sci fi tracking tech you think we have. Please do. You are SO stupid. You know nothing of the oceans currents and so many other things yet you are trying to say its impossible LOL.
@Mecha.....you really need to learn how to read!
We can track your phone, we can track you and we can track your car, but we cannot track a jet. Makes no sense to me; Thats what you said. I read it perfectly. So like Ill say again. PLEASE go use your scifi radar to find the plane. Stop complaining about other people not having the technology to track something that crashed and broke apart in the ocean and could be a couple miles down. Please use your brain. Think currents,think ocean. Jesus your stupid for trying to compare any of that to this.
@Mecha, and you call me stupid, lol. Thanks for making my day! LOL
You are stupid. You compare tracking a car/phone to a broken apart plane in a ocean.
CNN isn't going to like this, but I guess they already milked it for all they could.
There are numerous planes and ships lost in Bermuda triangle, after reasonable search effort it was declared lost. This MF370 case is the same.
it's "MH" as in "Mo-Han", case is not the same. bermuda triangle is a different location with numerous atmospheric and barometric inconsistencies which cause electrical equipment failure. losing MH370 -- different location with regular (daily) flight pattern-- this one had a clandestine motive. (drone) technology was first stolen from a US contingent by taliban in afghanistan, offered to russia and china; china bought it, and wanted it to bring to mainland but didn't want to raise suspicion so they arranged for it to be carried in a commercial jetliner under the guise of "scientific equipment" together with a group of engineers of a known company to go with it (supposedly for an all-too-common, standard technology transfer program). the chinese made assumption US (& Israel) would not harm civilians, but they were proved wrong. (this theory is from steve pieczenik). matthias chiang poses a lot of interesting facts. months prior to disappearance, Israel bought a similar jet from the manufacturing company Boeing (its "MH370 twin" as it is still known was in a hangar in france and then trasported to Tel Aviv. my personal theory: it was the "twin" that flew the flight plan, MH370 went straight to diego garcia (black box, transponders shut off, all aboard gassed and plane flown by remote) original plan was to make it appear as a hijacking by two iranian students, to make a case for attacking or taking measures against iran. somewhere along the line, there was a change, and the plane (with dead people) was kept, bodies frozen for "future use". it was re-loaded on MH370 (repainted) directed over ukraine forcing crimea to shoot it down (causing an international "incident" to linking russia to this horrible mess). rescue and recovery efforts by troops and civilians at the scene indicated that the bodies "did not have blood, were in a state of decompositon"
"MH370 vanished from radar screens shortly after taking off from Kuala Lumpur, bound for Beijing, early on March 8. Investigators believe it was flown thousands of miles off course before eventually crashing into the Indian Ocean." It amazes me that we have the ability to have apps on phones that will track down where your phone is if it's stolen... but for multi-million dollar airplanes, they don't seem to have this simple ability to track where it is??? I do realize that once the plane crashes that it won't transmit, but at the very least, I would expect there to be technology where the plane could transmit its GPS coordinates back to the airline up to the point it crashes...
After communication controls were shut off ...manually, the plane flew for 7 more hours, toward the south pole. The pilot did it.
phone apps connect through cell towers. above 20,000 ft it is doubtful it would reach any tower, and it would interfere with cockpit communications.
doubt if find my iphone works well when submerged under thousands of feet of water.
@TopLa, it's not "We" that have the technology, it's "THEM". It's not a matter of "cost", they operate with a 'BLANK CHECK" (*wink,wink* -- corporate, i mean -- National Interest) the most technology 'THEY" allow is your "smart" phone that they can track and keeps you amused while they continue to amass mind-boggling amounts from the unsuspecting public.
Mostly Chinese on board a Malaysian airplane and Australia is footing the bill for the search. Why do countries spend untold millions of dollars aiding other countries who will never appreciate or try to repay what was done for them or their citizens?
It's all BS. The aircraft was hijacked by the Pentagon using the BUAP system on board. All governments know this, including the Chinese. If the Chinese weren't involved, they still have no way to prove it. The US is footing the farce of the investigation through one channel or another.
And what does the US need with a plane full of Chinese nationals? I am sure you have an answer in that twisted mind but not sure I even want to read it.
Edward...Don't know all large commercial Boeing aircraft are equipped with these systems? Look it up, and ask yourself why the media experts were "suggesting" the aircraft was "possibly" under human control, when it flew waypoints the entire time until it "disappeared" off Malaysian active radar, at which time it would have been on India's. I, nor you, knew who or what was on board that aircraft. They didn't even tell us about the BUAP system and how it was hijacked. Do you think they are going to tell us the reason? The only "persons of interest" on board given by the US media were "allegedly" the chip designers from Freestate. Adjust your dunce cap, it's tilting.
Dunce cap my butt, you haven't answered the question, why does the US want a plane full of Chinese nationals? If the US wants an airplane, or any sort of technology for that matter, I am quite sure they can obtain it without stealing it along with a human cargo that would have to be disposed of. Conspiracy theorist and survivalist ( those with chicken little syndrome ) really have a paranoia problem and need psychiatric help, they are mentally ill.
Edward...I just know the US and India hijacked it. Was it Chinese nationals, or was it something being transported? Was it technology in their briefcases? If I knew the motive, that means I was part of it...which I wasn't. The method and US media lies and omissions are obvious, the motive unknown. You do need a dunce cap, and apparently a couple of English lessons on comprehension.
Pardon the expression but you don't know feces ( the other word would get censored).
I said it the day it happened, and I'll repeat it again today; someone (a target of some sorts) was on that plane, it was diverted somewhere and landed in order to retrieve this individual, all others be denmad. Far too many inconsistencies and oddities for this plane to have been ditched in the ocean and no debris found. If there were an accurate accounting of who was on this plane, and we still had any actual reporters, other than the crop of governmental press release readers, some actual answers may have come out by now.....
@Richard - there were two iranians who were on board, and they used false names and fake passports. Yet you never hear about them. I wonder if that's because our government is trying to reach a deal with them on nukes, and has silenced the media.....
Yes, I remember you saying it the 1st time.
the 2 iranian tennagers were not capable of hijacking the plane and flying it
I feel great remorse to the family's of these lost souls. No closure, no rest; just living on never knowing what happened to your lost loved ones. I hope someday they find this aircraft, but it baffles me that all we hear about is how satellites are watching us 24/7 and yet we cannot find an entire Boeing #$%$ really quite an eye opener. On a side note: Its events like these that make me think that transponders should be controlled by the ground. Transponders can only be shut off from inside the plane because they need to be shut off when they land, as a result of the mass amount of signals at airports. I think airports should be the only ones with the power to shut them off.
That aircraft will probably find someone, somewhere when the terrorists that have it fill it full of bombs and flies it into a large city.
Satellites need to be positioned and pointed at a known subject / location. If they knew where to look with a satellite, they could just as well send boats and planes to the same location. In other words, they can't see everything, everywhere, all the time with satellites.
Satellites are watching the land for the most part, not the middle of the deepest oceans.
There is closure. The plane crashed into the sea and they all died.
*Edit: 7 7 7 It was not a swear word. Flipping yahoo. Also, @hah, the only problem with that statement, is that without bodies or derby, technically there isn't closure. For instance if you went to war, and never returned, should your family believe you are dead and no trace of you was ever recovered or should they think you were captured? I'm not saying I do or don't think it was hijacked, but without the recovery of anything, nobody truly knows and neither will the family. For them, there loved ones just disappeared without a trace, no luggage, no derby, no black box. I'm a little surprised honestly that not even a piece of derby has been found in a year, unless of course, things have washed up but have somehow gone unnoticed or the entire plane has been crushed by water pressure. Who knows. But again, shame for the families either way.
Whomever decided to erase this flight pulled off a beauty . Anybody who seriously believes the fairy tales regarding the disappearance of this fight needs to go to search and read everything that transpired (supposedly ) from the time 370 left the ground .
Has it already been a year? Unbelievable.
First of all no such thing as "closure" when you loose a loved one. I have lost many family and firends and nothing evers closes. You move on but nothing is closed. That said can't find the plane, stop the search. The plane is obviously somewhere technology cant' find it. Move on.
i certainly hope it crashed. if by some chance someone was able to make it disappear from radar and steal it (and kill the passengers when it got to it's eventual destination), then it's just a matter of time before it shows up crashing into something, perhaps with a big bomb on board...perhaps with a nuke on board. it would be much better for the world if it did indeed crash into the ocean. but it worries me that no trace, no debris, etc was ever found.
So we're still assuming it went down in the Indian Ocean, right? In reality, we have no idea.
I've got to give Australia credit - you never hear its' citizens complaining about their tax dollars being used for the search. They've really stepped up.
Malaysia messed this up from the beginning. So sad for all the families involved. We have a local man whose body will never come home to Texas.
It should have stopped months ago.The cost was 10 times what they have said. Those military ships cost millions to run.
no one has owned up to hi-jacking it to a foreign land because there is always loose lips not one piece of debris or wreckage ever found, which alone is why I still say the "cigar tube" went in , likely nose first as power was gone, and is in one piece at the bottom of a very deep valley or abyss.
And we thought the Amelia Earhart days of mystery were over.
One thing we can count on in the future is that access to the transponders will be limited to outside the aircraft only. When the aircraft is airborn, those transponders are constantly transmitting all of the aircraft's vital data and to a satelite network. No more possibility of hanky panky from inside. Furthermore, there will be a system installed that ejects a floatable transmitter that can notify of it's whereabouts should it crash ANYWHERE or be hijacked or simply stolen. If I can call and control a drone from Dallas to Hong Kong, the technology exits to keep in constant touch with most anything that holds the same equipment for transmission. I can talk to grandpa and grandpa can talk to me wherever I or he may be..
I think you're wrong about the transponders. Pilots have to have access to them because they need to change the squawk code at various times during a flight (after passing 18,000 ft., after descending below 18,000 ft, if there are emergency conditions onboard, if the aircraft coms are off line or compromised etc. etc. No way to put it outside and still have it perform its function.
A transponder is normally turned off on the ground to avoid a localised cluster of aircraft. Currently transponders (ADS-B) only show up on secondary radar which normally has a maximum range under 250nm, most less.
Research Uninterruptible Autopilot. Boeing. Capt. Field McConnell.
@wygent...Your right. I should have stated a SECOND TRANSPONDER that gives no interference to the primary transponder. Don't know why that hasn't been a practice all along. Yep...There's a lot of aircraft in the skies 24/7 nowadays but there are a lot more cellphones by far. The expense of searching for 370 would far out weigh the costs of such a system. Guess we'll just have to wait and see. Thanks again.
The fundamental problem with all avionics is that it needs to be power interruptible from inside in case of fire or current overdraw. Last thing you want is a device smoking and you can't kill power to it.
@Gary....That doesn't give much credit to the BLACK BOXES. I have no inkling as to what all is fed to them but I suspect they are not in a position to be turned on and off without some kind of hanky panky.
True that the technology is there to help in the recovery of aircraft incident like these but the problem is the cost of installing them are going to massive...
The CVR is in the cockpit and the FDR is in the luggage rack near the tail. They both have cables feeding them with quick disconnects for extracting the devices when needed. It is possible to detach the power cable.
Ok I did google Diego Garcia. Do you know where it is? Closer to the east coast of Africa than Indonesia. Over 2500 miles from Indonesia. Do you think the radar works that far?
What Gary said is correct. Not only in case of fire, but also in cases of troubleshooting malfunctions. The crew has to be able to disconnect power to circuits and systems.
@Mike.... Flight recorders are built to withstand 2000 degrees C heat or more for two hours and totally insulated and pressure resistant to 10,000ft. Any electrical fault within the box (never heard of one) causing fire is also insulated from the aircraft. Any box past 2000 is solid state and then electrical power to them is very low voltage/Amps. No need to control or power anything, not near any avionics cabinets/systems or broadcast systems so any short or failure in a box stays within the box. Everything else is throughout the aircraft or in cabinets. The 777 has two cabinets, transponders are also separate from the cabinets forward near the cockpit.
I can't believe that this has been a year already.
Anyone who has watched Lost knows exactly where this plane and its passengers have ended up...
I really don't envy the helicopter aircrew man who had to spend a couple of hours floating in the Pacific Ocean with two dead bodies because the aircraft couldn't take that much weight. This was an EA-6B Prowler and only first two guys survived the ejection sequence.
Quitters, but in the beginning, there was tough talk that it definitely would be found.
Did anybody go look on Diego Garcia?
Sadly they are dead. Unless a Miracle presents itself, move on. In addition, the monies spent could be best used on other projects designed to help the living. GodSpeed
Very sad. And now the rumors and speculation will never end.
If everyone keeps doing personal searches, I bet the plane(or parts of it) will be found someplace unexpected.
Freak things happen. Pilot made 1 slight mistake, went way off course, was distracted by hot stewardess, sunlight put their minds at ease. Plane went down, into ocean. all is lost
Over? In the hands of the locals did it really ever begin?
i feel very badly for the friends, family and loved ones of the people who were on this flight. I am sure it is very frustrating and painful that after all of the time and effort that has been invested into searching for this flight there are not any real answers, and only more questions of how and why in this day and age the technology we have cant find out what happened. Having said that i would add that amount of time, money and other resources that have been invested has been quite generous, and would like to thank all the people who have taken part in the investigation. however, sadly despite all that has been done no evidence of anything has been found and it may be time to chalk it up as an unsolved mystery. I know that people will scream of if one of your loved ones was on board wouldnt you demand to continue the search, and yes i am sure part of me would scream keep looking no matter what, however another part of me would also realize that already there has been an extensive effort to figure this out and that i might have to wait for who knows how long for answers to come about, if they ever do. The titanic wasnt located until after many years of searching, the USS Cyclops still remains missing this day almost 100 years after vanishing, and over time other ships and aircraft have vanished never to be seen or heard from again. It is upsetting, and painful but people and technology are not perfect, so every so often something slips through the cracks. I know that isnt what people want to hear, but sadly this isnt a perfect world no matter how much we all wish it could be. My heart goes out to the people who have lost their loved ones, i wish that the answers would have already been found. please accept my sympathies for your loss. I hope you are able to go on with your lives and keep your loved ones in your hearts and not be to distraught by their loss.
I think your post is very reasonable as well as empathetic. There comes a time when it becomes necessary to let go whether or not we feel we ever can.
Why spend the money to look for this plane when there isnt any idea of where it is? Offer a substantial reward for proof that leads to finding it.
I am NOT a conspiracy theorist but I do not now or have I ever believed that this plane is in the ocean, at least not in the area in which they have been searching. I believe either one of two things happened. First the simplest and most logical answer, the plane did crash in the ocean but nowhere near where they have been looking. The second and perhaps most far fetched is that the plane did not crash but was taken to some remote location as part of a bigger terrible plan yet to be seen. Far fetched? Yes, but possible. Think about it, intensive search efforts have yeilded nothing. Absolutely nothing. Not even a single piece of debris. Nothing. To me that makes any possibility as likely as any other. I think it would be foolish not to explore ALL possibilities regardless of how off the wall they may seem. Lets face it we live in a pretty messed up world where elaborate plots have in fact cause large scale damage and loss of life. Hopefully all of those possibilities have been being looked at quietly, as it should be.
Its EVENT SKEPTIC boys! Get hip and stay informed, no MSM lies!
If you want an airplane it would be easier to set up a shell corporation and buy one, rather than do some tricky elaborate theft of a commercial airline and disappear all the passengers.
A 777 cost more than $300,000,000 which is a hefty price for any rouge government or terrorist group. Far less costly to pay off a few people and do something evil. Remember the 777 has incredible range so that specific type of plane was probably targeted for that reason if indeed it was stolen. That's a big if but still possible. Range would be needed to reach a destination where it could be hidden after initially being taken and that long range would also be needed to reach more potential targets in the future.
This is not just about recovery of the wreck for loved ones. One likely cause of this accident was that after turning back from Vietnam the CMU processor beneath the cockpit may have caught fire. The CMU controls ACARS,Transponder and VHF radio and probably explains the loss of contact with MH370. If that CMU on MH370 caught fire and caused this tragedy then it can happen again. That is why they must find MH370.
Former naval aviation. I've been on duty when aircraft and people went in the water and the search was commenced. There is a certain point when the little airplane, giant ocean theory has to take place.
Most of those on board the lost flight were Chinese or Malaysian...so why are the Chinese not paying for search?
We were about 3 days out of Sydney for Pearl when this sailor got a Dear John letter and decided to take a swim. They actually have tables for this based on latitude and longitude about things like hypothermia. The result said sharks. We still spent three days looking.
Heart wrenching and such devastating affect on their families /// that being that they will never know what really happened... God grant them peace.
The black boxes relied on for situations like this were designed in the 1960s - before GPS among other things.. The technology is readily available to equip airlines such that they cannot be lost, but when will that actually happen? Hard to say since it will cost money. although you could equip one he77 of a lot of aircraft for the price of one 777 plus a year search.
No, current black box designs are solid-state and are pretty modern. But you are correct in that gps is not recorded.
The passengers of that plane are dead...finding the physical aircraft won't change that. The condition of their bodies probably is not very pleasant. The black boxes probably won't yield much info so why proceed? It's sad but some things are left to the unknown.
MH370 pilot, being a skilled one, knew very well how to ditch the plane intact into the deep part of the ocean. Not long after take off and with plenty of fuel and having practiced flying to that part in his flight simulator previously, he succeeded. The searchers know the odds are pretty much against them and only by luck can be successful in locating it.
It was really sad and I feel for the family. This is a what happens when people get tunnel vison. The MRSAT data was treated like a writen doc from Jesus him self. Technology isn't perfect and it could have been interpected wrong. In cases like this it would have been smart to cover all you bases. The fuel caculations shown that plane didn't have the fuel to make it that far into the indean ocean. They claim the path to the south was put into the GDC, with is so stupid it's laughable, I would beleive the plan was abducted by aliens before I would beleive a pilot would plot a coure to the middle of now where in the middle of a crisis. The plane flew right over malysia and no attempt was made to land, no cell phone calls were made to family, and no terror groups claimed responsiblity, so the only logical conculsion to draw is everyone was dead when the flew over malaysia. So it is only logical that the plane never flew south, never turned around, and that it flew over Malysia and stayed on that course until it ran out of fuel. Yet no one serching for the plane even bother to follow up with the facts, they got tunnel vision and kept wasteing money to search a area where no debrie or any other sign of a plane was ever found. I hope one day priviate search teams find the plane.
C'mon dude....you seriously think that nobody but you thought about any of your suggestions for calculating? Thats more laughable than tunnel vision. The problem is the ocean floor is a huge place and even with the radar etc , it's not like when you are taking a hike in a canyon and can see everything far off in the distance. They pretty much have to be on top of what they are looking for. Wind can slow a plane down making it not as far as it should have been. There's really no way they will find this plane.
Wow, a year already? Feels like it was only 6 months ago or so.
I commend Australia for investing this much time and effort already, this was not their job, but they stepped up to the plate.
The Aussies always do. They are a great group of people.
it is their "job" as part of their alliance with NATO countries. US didn't want to openly participate fully since they (and Israel) have some connection with missing 20 engineers from freescale semiconductors who were working on stealth technology which was going to be patented and considered "lost"...
This decision makes a lot of sense. The aircraft probably will be found a hundred years from now, quite accidentally. All those souls lost have no concept of time now - they're flying free in quite another realm. RIP Flight MH 370 passengers and crew.
how do people know what dead people are doing or thinking?
doc, Some believe in Eternity. For example, my Mom died Jan. 26th. She believed that Jesus was crucified, buried, and arose again. She kept that faith all through her life, so I knew she is in paradise waiting for Christ Second Coming. How I know all this and more is because of what the Bible teaches. And I, too, believe.
I've seen ghosts and things (two in particular that two of us saw together) that have blown my mind, so I know there's something else going on other than plain old death and that's it. I'm not saying it's heaven, but those souls/life energies exist somewhere else. I don't have a clue where or what it is. I just know what I saw and am still struggling to understand. I don't know if it's spirits, or something tied to a particular place, or a form of electrical energy, but I'm a sane, logical, intelligent person and I know what I've experienced.
EnglishRose, My niece and her husband bought a farm that had been owned, unknown to them, by a man who had hanged himself in the barn. About 3 months after moving in, strange phenomena began to occur: lights turning off, sounds in the attic, doors closing and opening. My niece was pregnant and since these occurrences were playing havoc with her nerves, her husband called their pastor (not Catholic) who contacted a known "psychic' in Peoria, IL, who traveled to their house. Believe it or now, he communicated with the deceased man's spirit ( ! ) who said he was afraid to cross over because he had committed suicide, etc. The psychic asked my niece's husband if he wanted to see or talk with the "man's spirit, as "it" was standing at the top of the stairs, and he said, "No." At this point, the psychic told the man to turn around, asked him if he saw a bright light. The man said, "Yes." Then the psychic gently asked him to not be afraid and to walk toward the light, at which point he did........and vanished. Now, my brother, who is a faithful follower of the risen Christ, told me this story as related to him by his daughter and son-in-law. I do know this: God, my Father, did send His Son to Earth, but he was rejected. I do believe He was crucified, died, and arose back to His Father. What those entities are, I do not know, but I do believe you and I do believe my niece.
Thank you for sharing that Barbara. There is so much that we don't understand, we're like babies just learning to roll over when it comes to things spiritual. That's a fascinating story. We had a friend who bought a house in Canyon City, Colorado, that backed up to hills where there had been a lot of mining. She knew people had died in those mines, but she hadn't told us the many stories of eerie happenings in her home because she didn't want to freak us out. When we went to visit her, my husband went with her husband to a ball game. I was sitting in the living room facing the dining room, and open, wooden stairs went up to the left to the second floor. I was very uncomfortable with the landing at the top of those stairs, and felt I was being watched. I also saw dark shapes in the open kitchen. I didn't say anything because I didn't want my friend to think I was nuts. I also heard footsteps moving slowly across the second floor, even though I knew there was no one up there. The scariest thing though was, as I was sitting on the sofa, with my legs crossed, I felt the most amazing cold go through my leg just below my knee, from right to left. It felt like my bone was freezing. I finally told my friend what had happened and she told me they had actually seen a figure at the top of the stairs many times, and the same dark shadows. Her dogs wouldn't go upstairs. The footsteps were apparently something that they experienced all the time. Her 6'4" son, who was a correctional officer at the Florence Maximum Security Prison, wouldn't stay in their house because of things that happened to him there. I was glad we had booked a hotel room. When I told her about the cold going through my leg she said her husband had that happen to him twice. The really weird thing was that, the next day, I ended up in the ER in Denver because my leg was really painful where the cold had exited just below my knee. I had a blood clot in that exact spot. They sold the house after they found out that their neighbors, whose homes also backed up to the hills, experienced equally strange occurrences. The new homeowners apparently had a priest come in to bless the house, after they heard the stories, but I don't know if it helped.
When I drink a bit too much I'm able to see very strange things out of this world.
I sometimjes talk to my imaginary friends too, however when I shout at them in public buildings I get told to be quiet and go away
I keep telling myself I'm not reading anymore MH370 stories, but I can't seem to stop. The human wants to UNDERSTAND things. And I don't understand this.
You might need help. You worry about something that doesn't even involve you. Stop reading, and move on.
slconfidential, I didn't say I worry about it, I said I don't understand it. Do you understand it? oops, you told me to move on. Moving on........out door...I'm the easiest person in the world to get rid of.....bye.
Ruby, there are many more mysterious/paranormal subjects then this which have 100X the depth and are still evolving, I suggest you find something like that to dig in to, this was a dead end from the start and was never real interesting despite the 24/7 CNN coverage.
It's a mystery and we are drawn to it. We know there is some rational explanation for what happened, but desire to know the exact cause.
I would like it found so as all of the "stolen" or "hijacked" theories could be put to rest. Plus if it was a safety defect in the plane i would like to know so we can prevent it. I believe that some time some where it will be found. It might be long after I have left the world, but we will wait and see. I am like you, I would like to understand.
Michael & Gregory, yes, it feels like something left undone. Incomplete somehow. And yes, be able to use it as a springboard to learn something from.
The hunt should've been called off when there was no hope for survivors. Then, let Malaysia do/pay for the rest.
Why is Australia footing half the bill?
I am sure that there are a whole lot of Australian taxpayers who would like the answer to that question.
As Australia is one of the 191 members of the ICAO it is required under annex 13 to undertake the search being in their territory" as the state of occurrence. Airasia's registered office is Malaysia. It crashed in Indonesian territory hence their resources and investigation. Fortunately Australia doesn't have many commercial airline crashes and Qantas has had zero so compared to the US, Europe and Asia the overall costs to the taxpayer per captor are comparatively low. Still doesn't make it easy when they get the worst one ever.
because US is paying them double in "hush" money...?
The crash went down in the part of the ocean that is Australia's assigned area. Most countries with shorelines have agreed to share this responsibility. Next time it could be an Australian airliner lost off the coast of Spain and Spain would take care of the majority of the search. It's a civilized way of handling the responsibility.
A?D011AR certainly you are joking. Michael was speaking of an airliner, airplane, or airline. Actually he was speaking of the plan itself. But that is irrelevant. The country is Australia, however, when speaking in terms of that country, the correct term would be Australian, which conveys possession, ownership, or residence. A person who is from Australia is Australian. Or a company within Australia is considered Australian. I now hope you understand because I can't even believe I wasted the few minutes of my time to administer such an elementary English education. But then again, certainly you were joking and you already knew.
Zero trace... They have no idea.
It all comes down to cost, it's just too bad for the families. I can't imagine going on not knowing what happened to a loved one.. here one day and vanished completely without trace the next.
I find it odd that no theory (conspiracy or otherwise) ever connected all the dots very well in this disappearance. Each theory always ended in questions that didn't fit that theory.
If China would spend 1% of what they spend on defense, then they could find the plane. I guess it's a matter of priorities.
Let a fleet of Japanese fishing boats into the area they will find it.
Maybe it landed on the island with Elvis, Marilyn, and James Dean.
Don't even start... Marilyn Manson had an alibi!
You forgot about Hitler and Tupac
You mean the real Tupac or Ali G's dog?? Lol
I used to think our technology was very advanced. After not able to find the MH370 jet liner, I have doubt of our capability now. We are trying to find Amelia Earnhardt's air plane, good luck with that.
Don Lemon(head) of CNN was claiming that the plane was swallowed by a black hole. Yet CNN is vowing to continue 24/7 coverage of MH370 until it is found - even if it is in a black hole.
CNN is still on the air ?
It's sad but they have no idea where this thing ended up.
Sounds like part of the ocean to return to when the next generation of underwater mapping UAV's arrives soon/ One that represents an improvement on current technology -and that can find it/ would be a good capability proof even if the craft is deemed non-recoverable.
I have seen a ton of conspiracy theories about MH370 mostly based on how not trace of the aircraft, passengers or contents was ever found. The best guess of where it came down was just that - a guess. The U.S. had 5 Avenger torpedo bombers in flight 19 which held 14 men, and a Mariner rescue plane with 13 aboard that went to search for them all disappear without a trace in the Bermuda triangle.
LM those missing US bombers are believe to have crashed in a swamps now by some people as there's eyewitness accounts that have them crossing back over land.
Australia and Malaysia have split the cost of the search, but most of the victims were Chinese. Where is China involved in the search?
they are involved. a Chinese ship helped search.
It seems like there's no way to tell where a plane goes down in the ocean, unless you're so close you can hear the pinger. Yes, planes should eject a floatable radio transmitter that you don't have to be on top of to find.
everyone needs to think all this over, that plane has been under "SEA WATER" in rough currents for over a year, and the remains are most likely only bones now, because of the sea life, plus the depth, if they do find the plane, lifting any remains from that depth will be scattered and difficult. Would it not be as good, if the site is found , to declare it a memorial site!
Gone without a trace. Just amazing that this could happen in this day and age. A true mystery has taken place in our time. 200 plus souls just gone what a terrible nightmare for the people who lost those they love and may never know what really happened.
Did the search rely too much on Inmarsat? And what about the pings? It seemed too good to be true that, with no debris, the towed pinger locator detected pings right after deployment. One expert said the pinger locator should only be used when a debris field is found. In this case I guess emotions and media coverage trumped sound judgment.
They should have called it off months ago as lies in 15.000ft of ocean and no one know's where. It will be a mystery forever as too where it lies. I feel for the family's but he bodies are long gone and eaten by the sharks and other fish.
It took 70 years to find the titanic. I believe that was by accident too. A lot of people don't realize how vast and deep the ocean really is.
When a large passenger plane hits the water it leaves debris. ALWAYS.
Remember they started looking for the aircraft initially in the wrong area. Debris also sinks or becomes unrecognizable as crash debris after a while. Much of the debris probably sank or was scattered by the ocean by the time they found the transponder signal.
Its a huge ocean and they didn't even know exactly where the plane had crashed so they had no idea where to start looking. By the time they did the math and tried to narrow down the searched based on pings from INMARSAT (which had never been done before because its a relatively new technology) the debris would be gone or unrecognizable.
When they looked in the wrong location for so long it made finding that plane like trying to find a single grain of sand on 10 football fields.
I agree with Alan. There would be a lot of debris if it crashed in the ocean. By now someone would have found something from that plane.
Alan they just found a plane that went down int he Andes mountains that went down 30 years ago. They have found WWII planes stuck in Alaskan Glaciers. How many wrecks exist in the bermuda triangle? If the plane skid on the water with her nose up it's possible just like in the hudson crash that debris will not scatter. Do you understand there is a patch of garbage the size of Texas right in the middle of the atlantic? The ocean can scatter evidence any where. If they landed the plane we would have hostage negotiations or execution videos.
@Alan wrote "When a large passenger plane hits the water it leaves debris. ALWAYS. " Really? Where's all the debris from US Air flight 1549 then?
Okay, okay! Maybe not always, but for a plane to just disappear with absolutely no debris just makes no sense. We have debris washing up on our west coast from the Japanese tsunami/earthquake! I still firmly believe it is at Diego Garcia.
Sometime after the search is called off, perhaps years from now, the plane will be used as a flying bomb in a 9/11 type of attack. The pilot flew the plane to 40,000 feet and killed everyone in the cabin by depriving them off oxygen. He then dove the plane to near water level height to avoid radar detection. This low level flight was seen by the crew of a fishing boat. The plane was then flown under the cover of darkness to an Islamic country, probably Pakistan, and hidden for future use as a bomb. How else do you explain not one scrap of debris being found after a year of searching? How else do you explain how and why the transponder was manually shut off? Remember when that Air France jet went down a few years back in the Mid-Atlantic? There was floating debris everywhere. Why has not one scrap been found from the missing 777? Because it never crashed.
Will the aircraft be found someday, yes I believe it will be since it is such a high profile case it will draw people in who want to find it also it is a larger aircraft with markings which make it stand out in a region of the world where not a lot of aircraft have gone done. One of the reasons why they haven't found Amelia Earhart's plane is because it is smaller and in an area where a lot of similar aircraft went down in WW2.
Chris, Amelia Earhart and Fred Noonan and her Electra was picked up by the japanese after she landed on a small ruff island shore line it damaged one of the landing gears the plane was loaded on a barge pulled by a sea going tug and after few more island hopes it ended up on saipan and that is where it was found and destroyed by american agents after the island was taken from the japanese by american troups in june 1944.
It is really out there for some people to say the plane was flown secretly to some remote location and hidden, passengers were killed or imprisoned and the plane is being prepped for some future sneak attack fully loaded with bombs. But unfortunately until the actual crashed aircraft is found someday at the bottom of the sea this cockeyed explanation will still be out there. There are always those that want to believe the most extreme and unlikely explanations instead of the much more likely but unexciting reason, whether it is aliens from space or Bermuda Triangle or the Illuminati crowd. Reminds me of the story writers from soap opera tv.
These are the same people who believe that the objects that were flown into the twin towers were missles and not planes.... when I tell them that my cousin's friend was on the plane they tell me I'm lying. I guess you can't fix stupid....
How can you lose a whole plane with a whole bunch of people? Someone needs to come up with something to keep this from happening again.
Random thought: incorporate the search effort into naval training exercises that countries would be doing anyway.
that would save money and we can't have that
Australia vowed to never stop searching last year. How do they reconcile this?
At some point in time, search has to be called off, this was bound to happen, everybody expected it, with the vast Indian ocean, millions and millions of square miles, there's no way the plane was ever going to be found. I feel sorry for the families that are involved, may the souls of the victim rest in peace.
Seems to me if the pilot wanted to have the plane found ,he would have jettisoned the fuel in an area of the ocean where they went in. A fuel slick could be seen from sarch and rescue
It probably wasn't that simple. I don't think anybody was alive when it went down. Everybody is comparing it to other mishaps. I think a series of events totally out of the box happened and it was very complicated. It couldn't be corrected and was so strange the best thinkers in the world can't even imagine what happened. That's why they can't find the plane. Just because something has never happened before doesn't mean it can't happen.
So monumentally sad. I can't imagine the anguish the families must be going through.
At least the remaining 60% of targeted search area should be completed by current search resources. If nothing comes out, it is better to review the rescue plan from scratch all over.
This is a joke. You have 239 people who disappeared with that darn plane. We in this life owe it to them to find them and give their families some closure. We need to find out #$%$ happened, too, the cause... mechanical, pilot error, suicide, terrorism, mistake by the pilots, something. Letting this go is a total joke. Fwiw, find Amelia also...
They need to ask Putin while video recording facial and voice tone. He is a master to tell lies, but if looked close enough, there should be something out of whack.
Deployable recorders folks, deployable recorders. This is not rocket science people. This technology is nothing new. It's been around for many years now. So instead of spending roughly $30K per plane they would much rather spend $50 + million to look for and never find the aircraft. Not to mention all the wasted time and effort in the process. Genius!!! Gotta love that! So ironic that all of the search aircraft that were involved had guess what?! Deployable recorders on board. D'oh! So frustrating.
I agree, in this day and age the loss of an aircraft is unconscionable.
Being able to jettison a recorder might just be another cleaver way for the hijackers to further confuse
You would be able to locate any aircraft well within a few days time. The aircraft would be very close by in the water so no chance of confusion there. Or at least pieces of it even if it does sink. It would at the very least greatly narrow the search area for sure.
$30K for every commercial plane would be a hell of a lot more than $50m. And how often does a commercial jet simply disappear, never to be seen again? Once every 30-40 years?
Why we don't have the flight data and voice recorders located on the ground and the information transmitted while in flight is beyond me. I know the technology exists for all of the data as well as cockpit voice information to be stored at viewed in a secure place. While I'm at it, they can tell where we all are if our cell phones are on but the can't put a simple GPS Chip in every plane so the whereabouts are not a mystery???
You only need to install these deployable recorders for 777's and other long haul aircraft like A380's etc... Only "over ocean" international flights. Not all commercial jets go over the Pacific or Indian oceans where they might disappear. By the way, live streaming would cost upwards of $100K per aircraft. A380s and 777s go for about $300 million a copy. Not cheap by any means but this type of recorder should be standard equipment by now. No excuses for not making this happen ASAP.
I suppose you're the one who wants to pay that extra 30K, times every jet now in service or ever to come. Better get a new pen and your checkbook out, ASAP, because you're going to be writing a lot of checks. BTW, thanks for agreeing to do more than spend someone else's money!
Well it's cheaper than losing a quarter of a billion dollars worth of aircraft plus the people's lives plus the cargo plus the fact that your average oceanic search can easily cost $25 to $50 million dollars or more. So you can clearly see (hopefully) the benefit of being proactive by spending/paying a little bit now (wholesale) as oppose to paying a whole lot more later (retail).
We can find a man in a hole in a middle of a desert yet we cant find a big 777 Boeing aircraft? Ocean or not, I cant believe it has yet to be discovered with today's technology. Someday down the future we will discover this and be hitting ourselves in the head on why we couldnt find it sooner.
I think people underestimate the size of the search area. Try finding a needle in a haystack in the grand canyon thats 15,000ft deep. Alot of things dont add up but think about it, its been amost a year since it went down and how could we find it now since everything on the plane is under the ocean or if it is indeed in the hands of terrorists then why wait a year + to do something with it? Its on the ocean floor and all of the composite and aluminum is crushed under almost 3 miles of water
Exactly. To bring some perspective to the discussion, the US has a surface area of 3.8 million square miles. The Indian Ocean has a surface area of 28 million square miles.
^^ idk about you but i work on aircraft for a living and i dont think that sheet metal, aluminum, fiberglass or composite materials would float. Now just like alan said, 28 mil square miles and they had a search radius of 1.1mil square miles, now how do you think someone up in a plane traveling at about 200mph looking out in the ocean would be able to spot a little floating seat cushion. Its probably the case of this crash had everything go wrong and right. Or a terrorist couldve hijacked it, who knows but from time and evidence, it all leads to it went down in a gigantic ocean and the initial search when those floated items were floating on the surface got waterlogged and sank due to that typhoon that was in the search area that postponed the search for a week.
Hard to imagine then. I think it was not torn up. Too many pieces that float and too many currents that would have showed something by now. Somewhere !!
Seats float, debris floats, sadly bodies float. No evidence of a wreck. After a year, of spotting it seems something would have washed up or have been spotted. Currents in the Indian Ocean usually deposit flotsam somewhere.
Unless it flew into China's Airspace and they thought it was an American Spy plane. and shot it down...remember a NZ Oil Rig Workers Spotted a Fireball falling out the dark sky .Once they Knew it was a Passenger Plane they Could have Ordered the Navy to clean up the wreckage ASAP ...and to save Face did everything to Cover it up..including the Red Herrings of Ping s they claim their Navy ship picked up in the "Official" search area
Not crushed. The pressure inside and out are the same.
yoeu have forgotten the use of satilites help in the seach. no items from the plane will float for years.
The change of search to the Indian Ocean did not change from the China Sea until 14 days. A further 30 days searching around and near arc 2, 35 more days chasing pings, refinement of Inmersat data indicated further out to the 7th arc. 80 plus days in the wrong area. (AirAsia how little floating wreckage and body search called off after 30 days) After 80 plus days decision to map sea bed 4 months during which tender was put out for searching. Finally after 6/12 months Ships out there starting to search. The heavy items, undercarriage, structural beams, box sections etc straight down. The hull broken so pressure equalises, on solid parts and sheet metal same, anything having air pockets that haven't burst either that what will or crush. Nothing left will float and if anything at all is carried by currents it would end up about Indonesia So what you have is an aircraft lost in a vast area it should not be. Navigational waypoints and military radar and flight path indicate a deliberate criminal act. The only facts are Inmersat data tells the flight was airborne for seven hours. This marries with fuel load and direction. There are no other facts and the rest is fiction. The CVR only records about a two hours in a loop. This will most likely only confirm aircraft noises to the crash. pretty much negates any whodunit. The FDR will only confirm flight path, aircraft parameters and cabin conditions/pressures/temperature. That's' only if they are found, retrievable and readable. Australia has done more then its fair share, Malaysia has split the bill with them. Any further searching China can undertake if not found is they still wish to continue. Check out Google S 38.083 E 87.425
If nothing floats forever, why is trash from the Japan earthquake still washing up on the western shores of the U.S?
Graham h--You might be right. That makes as much sense as anything else I've heard. But they supposedly got off course and didn't get that far. But they were in Viet Nam's air space. A woman in another plane in the vicinity said she saw a plane sticking up out of the ocean. They didn't pay any attention to her. Technology is good but what ever happened to eyewitness accounts? I think somebody somewhere is covering up something. That fills in the blanks that I've had all along. Somebody shot it down then cleaned up really well.
so what if a seat floats? it still takes somebody to find it and in a sea that huge it may never be found. With currents it might not even be in that sea anyway it could be it countless places by now.
the one thing that was made very clear early on is that someone tried to cover this up. why would you do that if the plane had simply crashed?
Many of us have lost loved ones to the sea. Perhaps those who lost loved ones on that flight can gain a measure of comfort from knowing that the sea wastes almost nothing, and that the remains of their lost loved ones are now a part of the largest and most diverse chain of LIFE that the earth has to offer. The wreckage of that plane may or may not be found. To see their loved ones, though, those who lost them need look no further than the startling beauty of the life that exists in the sea.
That's a very nice way to look at it...makes sense.
That is a beautiful thought. To be one with the sea from which we came.
Have scattered the remains of the 2 people I loved most at sea.
That's a very nice way of putting it indeed. I especially like the part "the sea wastes nothing." Indeed. The family members can take comfort in knowing their loved ones, if they survived the crash, were eaten alive by killer sharks. Taking their time as they feasted on their flesh.
Johnny is a cup half empty kind of a guy.
Lovely sentiment. But that's always supposing the plane actually went into the sea........
Why would anyone try to take away the peace of mind of someone else? Johnny and Truth are just people who live very sad, meaningless lives. If taking pot shots at something I said will help them make it through another day of their empty lives, they can go for it. They hurt only themselves.
Comments by Warren Truss are disingenuous. Between 16-25 March satellites from five nations tracked and photographed a debris field of 300 floating objects including one object 24m long and another 64km away which was 22.5m long. On 24 March 2014 China reverse calculated the drift pattern back to an impact point of 45.30 South, 85.30 East. Malaysia however protested and demanded that Australia ground the aerial search for these objects. Chinese aircraft were refused permission for take off on grounds that there was a violent storm at sea over the search area, but meteorological data that day revealed nothing more than 15 knot winds at the location. On 27 March 2014 Malaysia demanded the entire search be shifted north and so on 28 March Australia agreed to shift the search to Zenith plateau where they wasted time chasing phantom underwater noises for a cool $60m. Australia is responsible for political corruption in misdirecting the search effort and wasting hundreds of millions of dollars.
MH370 was hijacked remotely using the on board anti-terrorist system Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot. The fact the US media and government never let the public know it was on board during thousands of hours on investigators and experts on TV is proof enough our government did the hijacking. Another reason is that the Pentagon is the only one with the remote codes to access aircraft control and the encrypted satellites to transmit those codes. It was most likely landed at Veer Savarkar airport in Port Blair on Andaman Island that night/morning. After that, anything is possible.
5 thumbs down to straight facts? Yahoo auto thumbs. Our media propaganda and manipulation is hopeless.
Science and technology have done incredible things in recent years. So why do we know nothing about the fate of this flight? The airline and the Malaysian government gave false information from the beginning of this incident. Had they been forthright from the start, if may have been solved within days, or maybe even hours. The likelihood is that they still are withholding facts. This causes concern for their motives. The details may be lost forever, but the general thoughts may still be revealed.
Because science and technology can't see into a million plus sq miles of ocean at great depth without great cost. It can be done, but someone has to pay.
Gary is right. People act like it doesn't cost anything to do anything. Why spend millions and millions of dollars just to find the wreckage of a plane. I don't want to pay for it.
Malaysia and MAL made mistakes in getting the search underway but initially correctly the search was in the area of the intended flight path the China sea. The Military was slack in checking its radar but only an unidentified blip still not 100% MH370. Only if the FDR is retrieved and readable will it confirm it. There is no need to have aircraft on standby to intercept a radar blip transiting their airspace. It did not approach the facility the only strange thing was the altitude. In hindsight the procedure had many failures but since when does any countries military call ATC and say they have a blip on primary radar cruising past.
Not one piece of MH 370 has been spotted. No seat cushions. No luggage. No floating jet-fuel patches. As rough and turbulent as those waters are, why has none of the lighter pieces of the fuselage floated to the surface. I have a distinct fear in the pit of my stomach that the plane is safe and will be used one day against us in a terror plot. Perhaps it's being fitted for spraying deadly toxins in the air that will silently fall into densely populated areas. Perhaps it will be used as the airplanes were used on 9/11. Speculation, yes. Possible, yes.
What is truly sad is that in this world of tremendous communication and data transmission abilities, why an airplane cannot be equipped with devices that would make it easy to find under any circumstances like this or at least be able to track an airplane by satellites is just not understood. I would think that the cost of this search could have been spent on creating a system whereby airplanes could be tracked under any condition!
I understand not having that technology in smaller planes... But massive planes such as this should always be equipped.
I read there is such an application, but it is an accessory and they didn't want to pay for it. The device sends data to a satellite network and can't be turned off. It looks like the insurance company would require it.
Satellite communication is not as "tremoundous" as you think. The only commercial statellie nework with anywhere near enough capacity to do this is Iridium. Each transmission of a gps coordinate would take a phone call. How often do you make the call? Even at 10 minute intervals that's still a maximum hundred mile radius circle.
The Australian/Malaysian Search "Mapping the Under Sea Area" is More than likely Looking for Oil ?Minerals ..the Plane would be a Bonus if in fact it ever went down there ..probably did not..
Because until this airline, every commercial crash in the ocean had been found. Crashes like this are so rare, considering the tens of thousands of flights over the ocean each year.
They need to toss the assumptions and retrace the route this plane apparently took after the transponder quit. This time, however, they need to actually look for it.
if they actually knew the route that would help in the search..problem is they don't to any degree of accuracy.
You can't find something that isn't there. Not one piece of anything has turned up floating, washed up on a beach or anywhere that can be identified as belonging to MH370. Something would have turned up somewhere, and everyone in the world knew about this so they would have called in if they found something! Someone has that plane and it's not Davy Jones of the deep!
"We clearly cannot keep searching forever, but we want to do everything that's reasonably possible to locate the aircraft." You've already searched 300 days too many - what's to be gained by finding it anyway? We already know what's lost - 40 million bucks - and even if they had found it, guess what? All of the people would still be dead. Pointless to keep searching - as it was pointless to search past a couple of weeks from the crash.
MH 370 didn't crash, it landed somewhere. I say that because any aircraft that hits the water always leaves something floating or oil slick, some kind of debry. This flight just disappeared, bs. Search the land near the flight path and I bet they will find the plane.
What kind of world do we live in where you can "lose" 240 people, never to be found, no idea what happened, then your plane is shot down killing another 298 people, and yet you are still continuing to operate as an airline!!
Pretty sad and it defies logic in this day and age of technology. So sorry for the families of those on the plane. It would answer so much to know what happened and why to that aircraft.
Yeah, landing on a comet some 300 million miles from earth, but losing a huge jetliner right here on the planet.
The ocean is vast. They've apparently been searching in the wrong area. End of story. Wreckage may be found some day but more than likely by accident instead of by deliberate search effort.
If everybody in China and Malaysia kicked in just $1 they'd have almost $2 billion to keep up the search. Maybe get a Kickstarter together or a GoFundMe page...
Yeah but 75% of those people don't have a penny to their name!! There are a lot of poor people in our world! There are people who still don't know anything about money.
I agree you can not keep looking for a jet that is really not missing but a cover up to what really happened . THAT PLANE NEVER EVER CRASHED INTO THE WATER . The whole thing has been a magicians miss direction tactics .
I agree, booie. Read my post, four above yours.
Check land. I believe that plan will resurface as a terrorist attack minus the passengers.
Not one floating object has been found from that plane , which is strange. If it is at the bottom, it had plenty of time to break up in some pieces and some things definately have to float. It makes me keep believing it landed someplace.
MH-370 most likely landed right next to Amelia Erhart's plane. And we all know what kind of luck she has.
When all of the open facts about this fight were on the board in the beginning I openly stated that this was not a CRASHED aircraft..This aircraft was Hijacked and LANDED at an unknown location some where in one of about 5 countries.. What the underlying reasons for the Hijack may be many.. The most popular seem to be one of three. The removal of the scientists to be forced to work for another country. or the possibility that this aircraft will be used in an attack such as 911 or that it has been stripped and sold off for parts, much the same as an auto.. The parts are always worth mega amounts more then the completed vehicle. Not one clue has been found in any body of water.. Not one.. This search should have been put to rest months ago. unless it was simply a rouse put in place while looking in other areas for the aircraft.
I believe that plane will come back to haunt us at some point.
Agree with you completely Larry N.....you talk a lot of sense.
OK No crystal ball, only looking at the proved facts surrounding the flight right from take off to disappearance.
Someone knows where it's at, this is all just part of a bigger plan according to CNN.
No trace has been found? Aliens or it's in the ocean.
Actually, they COULD keep searching forever (or at least until they find it). They just choose not to.
....or until the money runs out. Has China actually contributed financially?
@Lee, no not much. They sent some ships to the search initially but not sure if they are doing anything now
It was a total waste of time from the start - whatever happened to that plane, it was already baked in the cake that it would never be found.
I still have trouble believing that in an age of hi-def GPS, cell phones and rocket science, we can "lose" a jet airplane that is in the air and then be unable to find it. This is still fishy, something isn't right here. So this article tells me: Yes you can disappear an entire plane if four of the passengers share a patent with the Rothschilds, and eventually people will stop looking.
GPS is only hi-def in specific regions of this Earth where satellites are monitoring/supporting. There are regions in the Great Oceans where no satellites are looking at. What you are having trouble with is really just how large this Earth is, and how small we are with respect to it.
@Kevin, I've spent enough time with Google Earth to have a much clearer perspective than most on the "scale" of the planet. This isn't about the size of the planet; How many other multi-million dollar assets are allowed to be "untracked" for any period of time? I see no possible way the insurers would allow such behavior. Someone (Rolls Royce who monitors the engines for one) knows exactly where it is.
This whole charade is an insult to any reasonable person. It's a credit to the gullibility of the general public. The entire story presented by the media defied belief. We haven't heard the last of MH 370!
I have said all along that we will see 370 again when some nutjobs use it to slam into another building. We built numerous airstrips down in that area during WW11 where a jet of that size could sit down be camo'ed and have a new paint job put on. I find it difficult to believe nobody has found at least 1 cushion floating around..don't you?
but surprisingly NASA can find massive black hole some million light years away and could find some minute bright spots on a newly found dwarf planet so on and so on the list goes on but it didn't had any clue what's happening on the planet earth.
You can see stars billions of light years away with your eyes. Ever tried to look 100 ft. in the ocean. Kind of hard isn't it. As for aircraft radar it covers about 5% of the earth. Satellites (spy with visual capability) only in areas of military interests. Unfortunately the Indian Ocean only has weather, navigation and communication satellites so its "no mans land" or ocean.
Disappeared without a trace...either this plane passed through a time portal and is somewhere else, or the ETs took the plane for whatever reason. No wreckage, no oil slick, not even a life jacket has been found...how is this possible with 21st century technology?
Starts to make you wonder. That plane definitely left this world.
The airline hoaxes making a come back, just in time for DHS shutdown! Oh these zany globalists.
While I empathize deeply with the grieving families who have loved ones on flight MH370, I think we have to come to a few realizations: One, that despite the intensity of this massive and constant search, not a single item has been found from this plane. Not a pillow, or plastic sleeve of cups, or tray table, or seat cushion/flotation device, or oxygen mask, nor a single piece of clothing. Two, that it is known that the transponders were deliberately turned off before contact was lost. This speaks to a hijacking, and no one wants to recognize it. I'm fairly confident that with this announcement of the end of the search coming in May, we've just given whatever terrorist group is holding the plane the last bit of their plan they needed: A completion date. Once the search has been called off, and our attention diverted as it has been by beheadings and burnings and kidnappings, that plane is going to be uncovered and used as a deadly weapon, either against us, or Israel. Whether it's ISIS, Hamas, Hezbollah, Al-Quaida, or Iran, one of them is going to unleash the plane when we all least expect it, and we will all regret looking in the opposite direction.
and what exactly will they do with one single commercial plane? This has to be the height of paranoia. Why would they go through all that work to hide and use a single airplane against us?! And what would they have done with the people inside? Kill them all while somehow preserving the plane?
It is likely that the plane went off course, but why do you think it ended up in Australia. Since contact was lost shortly after take off isn't it possible that's when the plane crashed? I would think in this day in age more could be done to find a plane.
After this long, with all of the modern technology available and no sightings, it is time to call off the search and send the searchers home. This is costing the search nations a bundle. The truth may never be known, a difficult thing for the families of those lost to live with.
If MH had Boeing Real time maintenance program, the location of the aircraft would be known to within feet. All US carriers subscribe to the plan, but MH did not. Airbus has a similar program.
I find it strange that after a year nothing has washed up on shore anywhere.
Perhaps something has washed up, but went unfound or unrecognized for what it was. Or a fisherman used it to make a roof for his hut. Or....
True. Or maybe the plane got diverted to Pakistan, everyone was killed and now terrorists are outfiting it with a nuclear device to fly into a populated city.
Just asking you guys. Hitting water with any speed is like hitting Concrete usually, so, is it logical for me to wonder why not one piece of floatable debris or anything? It would have had to practicly exploded and destruct somewhat. Give me your opinion or do you think it landed somewhere and would the authorities not have examined every near usable landing strip ??
Plane landed in Hudson River and it did just fine. Probably this one did the same and sank whole.
Yeah, one of my theories when this happened that there was something on this plane very valuable. The pilot gently landed in the ocean in a previously agreed upon area where coordinated ships were. They unloaded the cargo & let the plane sink.
Landing on a river and landing on the ocean are two very different things, back when US1549 landed on the hudson it did it on very calm waters I mean not even small wavelets were present and it was in daylight, take for example the ditching of Ethiopian flight 961 off the coast of Comoros Island, ditching a plane on a river and on an ocean are two VERY different things.
Everything depends upon the angle of entry. Gently guiding a fully-loaded triple-7 to a soft water landing is a difficult task with perfect conditions. A steep entry angle virtually guarantees fragmentation, which makes detection much more difficult.
The southern Indian Ocean currents move south and east toward Antarctica. Any debris washed ashore would end up there (or remained beneath the ice).
On the MH370 board there were two passengers with the Ukrainian passports. They were highly skilled ex fighter pilots. They did all switch off and turn around the plane.All the passengers and the crew had to fall asleep -deadly sleep - at once. It was done by adding smell less gas in the air con. Malaysia pilots were forced to continue flight for a while then older one was down to sleep and one of two Ukrainian pilots took over, after the last control point was for by the other pilot was put asleep ( deadly) and second Ukrainian pilot join to fly the plane. The MH370 flue to remote area of Kazakhstan, very near the Mongolian boarder. The plane entered the continent from the South China Sea.side and flue low over the Gobi desert. The organizers were Donieck separatists. The load carried by plane was to be sold to Russia for very modern Russian weapon. And so it was.The bodies of the passengers and the crew are buried in the Gobi on the Kazakstan ground.
why didn't you tell us this last year?
He wanted to be sure that the aircraft wasn't found. He thinks his theory is now safe from ridicule so he doesn't have to use his backup which is that Aliens got tired of abducting one person at a time and decided to grab an entire plane-full.
I just read that story on Yahoo a few days ago
Yeah, it's time to give up the search. Eventually if it did crash, it will wash up on shore somewhere. I feel bad for the families but money is always an issue no matter where you live.
I'm surprised the kept the search up so long, especially considering how vast the oceans are.
Sad to not find even a trace, and left with the inevitable announcement and closure that MH370 is "lost at sea" . Speculation and grandiose theories will live on. Until the day technology finds the plane on the sea floor years from now, I will go with the idea the fuselage stayed intact, and sank with all souls inside.
So very sad that this will be one of biggest transportation mysteries of all time.
It maybe we will never find MH-370 but the cause of the accident is known and was due to a MIC condition or Muslim In Cockpit which has caused many civil airliners to crash in recent years. More attention should be paid to investigating the shoot down of MH-17 as here we have the likelihood that President of Russia is not only a liar but a mass murderer and unlike MIC problems this is a criminal who can be brought to justice and punished.
You think that you're clever and you understand the world, whereas in reality you are part of what is wrong with it.
thats very sad but it does make sense, you can't look forever even though it feels horrible to stop looking for loves, you just have to let go and let God. I hope all the best for the families and Pray all passangers on the plane that they are resting peacefully with the Lord. Hopefully a clue will pop up some where some day.
The deepest depths of the oceans might be here on earth, but they are as unexplored and uncharted as the moon in most places. Hopefully whatever happened, the passengers did not suffer, and there are worse places for your eternal rest than the bottom of the ocean.
i still like the theory that it was flown along borders under the radar to a remote russian shuttle landing strip and refueled and moved somewhere else.
What does you liking it have anything to do with it being true?
i didn't say it was true.i don't like the other theories.
This situation is unacceptable ok! I don't care, find the plane at all cost. hundred of people are killed in this accident and we all want to know what happened unless someone is covering this.
If someones covering this up I DEFINITELY want to know about it!
The ocean is a large area but losing a commercial jetliner today is not comparable to losing Ms Earhart's aircraft in 1937. BTW Were the leads provided by the private satellite imaging company showing chemical make up images investigated that placed a plane like structure near the coast, well outside the search zone?
Lost like the Titanic to be found someday.
titanic wasn't really lost. just too far down.
Lost, they didn't even know it was in several pieces till recently.
Similar in that the search for MH370 has been put on ice.
I seriously doubt that they are even going to find any trace of this plane, that has been my feeling from the beginning since I saw they were just guessing where to search, and in a huge swat of ocean like the Pacific, guessing does not get you very far. They may find something in the future 100, 200, 300 years from now, but in our lifetimes, I doubt it.
See the think about this plane is, there was too much human interaction before the plane went down, for instance, there two transponders on the plane, were shut off at different times, and were in different parts of the plane. A human had to have shut them off. Then you have the Indian Air Force, who said they picked up an unknown Flying Object in Northern India, and when they picked it up, it coincidently matched up with the time frame the plane had been missing, and how long it would take the plane to get to India.. I guarantee you we will see this plane again. Probably not the people though.
CornWhiskey, I didn't know there were 2 transponders on the plane. So many people are confused about the transponder, saying it's in the bottom of the plane, but I think it's in the control panel where the pilot can reach it. It's turned ON by the pilot so Ground Control can see them, but then it's turned back OFF by the pilot right before landing, because if it's left on for landing, there are two many blips on the Ground Control screen, so it's best it's turned OFF to reduce the number of blips for Ground Control. Don't you think that's right?
Plus an electrical fire could have shut them down!
Ruby, that's not really how a transponder is used, it is turned on as soon as the plane starts moving on the ground and is turned off once the plane parks at the next gate after landing, airports nowadays (specially the big ones) require the transponder to be on during all ground operations so that the air traffic controller can "see" where all airplanes are all the time especially during low visibility operations, the transponder is on while on the ground as well as in flight all you have to do is choose its mode of operation. Cheers!
Juan, I got that from one of the very first stories about MH370. That's a YEAR I've had it wrong! I'm not much of an airplane person. Thank you for explaining it.
Oh, it'll turn up eventually. I really believe that. Probably in the hands of a bunch of terrorists. I don't believe that it went down in the water somewhere because there would have been wreckage debris of some kind, some kind of oil slick or something, floating on the water, and someone would have seen it. Just doesn't make sense to me that something this large technologically advanced could just up and disappear without a trace, especially in today's age of computers and cutting edge technology.
I believe they found nothing because they were searching thousands of miles away for a couple of weeks.But then again,nobody has a clue where that jet went.So much for technology.
oh sure idiot terrorists stole the plane and kept it a secret from the world for a year...bahaha
Better watch Sonny, it might land on YOUR head!
Drop a pencil from the sky into the Grand Canyon and ask any hikers there if the saw it. Then, ask the same hikers to search for it. At night.
Just show me ONE seat cushion or foam cup with an airline logo on the western beaches of Australia or New Zealand. That's one heck of a lot of shoreline. Just ONE!
The thing is the ocean surface currents off western Australia will not allow any debris to get near the coast. As the current flows either north or south along the coast before it turn westward around about Dirk Hartog Island. Basically based on the currents your more likely to find the debris on the east coast of Africa some where below the equator. Its also possible that it will just float in circles for ever.
The satellite pings indicated the jet went down much farther southwest than where the investigators were looking. Immersat even posted the details on their website but the investigators were too arrogant and ignorant to follow the most solid lead. FOOLS
Let's get to the facts here.. Since America is the decent power in the world they are waiting for the American taxpayer to foot the bill.. Sorry , I don't want to pay, we pay for enough.. If the Malaysian government doesn't care, give me one good reason I should !
I wonder if this wasn't done by terrorists who are plotting another 9/11 by flying at least one, or perhaps more into another chosen target, (ie) a national monument, somewhere, not necessarily on,or against the US. This way they avoided any possible hang up in getting the plane taken away from them by the passengers, as has happened in another place and time. Having a plane at the ready, sure makes things easier. If you can steal a plane out of the air, you can fly one pretty much wherever you want.
There may be a way to search for the plane using ocean surface precision radar altimeter data. In the '80's it was discovered that the contours of the ocean floor are mimicked on the surface, and revealed oceanic ridges, valleys and mountains. If a new survey was taken of the entire search zone and digitally"subtracted" from historical surveys, who knows, maybe an image of the missing jet would appear in the data.
Let it go... Hopefully some years (or decades) down the road, with more advanced technology, another Robert Ballard-type will come along and find it.
Its interesting that Australia is footing half the bill for this. They didn't have too but they are quite admirably. I believe however its Malaysia's duty to pay for this and with the immense size of the Chinese economy its surprising they're not paying for the whole thing, the majority of the passengers are their people.
Wrong. The search CAN go on indefinitely and the Malaysian government should be paying for it. One hundred percent.
This might have to wait until we have better and less expensive technology.
I dont understand why the US Navy doesnt already have automated drones for this sort of thing...
Should be sought at satellite photos of all the countries and agencies. Reconnaissances knows each other, and what equipment on satellites. It is impossible that the Su-25, BUK-M1 and MH17 were photographed together, but there is no MH370 and a half.
Just when the caterpillar thought that life was over, it became a butterfly...
I wonder about if the South Indian Ocean is a mistake, and it really flew to the Maldives.
Strange how the combined sophisticated satellite and advance technologies could not find it. Very sad for the family of the passengers and crew.
Cannot go on forever? Maybe you folks should start looking in places that you said it could not possibly be in.
Did they look in a hangar in Pakistan?
The biggest population of Muslims in the world are in Indonesia. Radicalism could have played a big part where and why it disappeared.
You notice everyone is scared as shet because they won't call it a Hijack. I mean how many millions of Muslims live near the take off point. They're laughing at us as the ring kisser, Obama nor Congress won't do anything. The republicans are trying to humiliate America and boy, are they ever doing a dam good job of it. In two years the country will be blue again .
The MH370 was flown to Indonesia a little over 894 miles away from Malaysia 2hours or less in flight landed. The 20 nuclear scientists that specialize In diodes/semi-conductors devices needed to build nuclear triggers were abducted to Iran and the rest of the passengers were placed into slavery or killed. A bit of History Indonesia has the largest Muslim population with Iran having the second largest Muslim population in the World. Iran built an oil refinery in Indonesia in 2012 and ships 150,000 to 180,000 barrels of oil daily to Indonesia which equates to over 15 percent of oil refinery in Indonesia. Iran and Indonesia have many common traits and relationships and a side note Barry Sortero otherwise known as Barrack Obama now was adopted by his step father in Indonesia when he was a child and went to a Muslim school in the Mosque. Whatever, Indonesia has records wise on Barry is still up for speculation but given his proclivity to protect Islam over Christianity it is very apparent any deals on Iran and nuclear weapons is eye wash to allow Iran to become a nuclear power post haste.
The most reasonable theory says the plane entered the water intact somewhere in the south Indian ocean, explaining the lack of physical evidence. If true, what remains of the wreckage lies as far beneath the waves as a plane at cruising altitude above, rendering it nearly impossible to locate. Perhaps we will find it when global warming finally gets bad enough to evaporate the seas.
Ok here is what happened...upon reaching maximum speed, the plane was hit my a bolt of lightning at the same time. That provided the 1.21 jiggawatts needed to power to flux capacitor, which turned on the time circuits and sent the plane back to 1955
It will reappear, we are kidding ourselves if we really think it is sunk.
strange indeed. Those poor family members and friends of the victims. No closure. Ghost stories and mysteries will be written about this flight for years to come.
Asians seem to be good at playing the violin and spelling bees, but when it comes to flying jumbo jets their batting average isn't too good. This story didn't mention the San francisco debacle.
Looking more and more like the 2 Iranians that had the Chinese passports were probably the cause of this tragic story...
Where is that Australian Prime Minister who said we are going to find the plane in a few days with the whole lot of pings everywhere. Ping Ping Ping
I wonder if the pilot actually managed to crash land it on a small island? I mean they found he was practicing to do this on a flight simulator.
No matter how skilled one is, you do NOT land a plane of that size on a beach or a grassy field. You need a paved surface which means if he had tried, there would have been people watching.
Plane was lost in one of the triangle zones as well as one of the highly magnetized areas on the globe. Get may never be found.
Reality it that it has only been a token search now for months. It's hard to definitively give up on those people even knowing there is no way they survived. They will live on along side Amelia.
We'll never find out what happened because there are powerful forces and governments at work behind the disappearance of this plane, and they don't want the public to know anything about it.
Woulnd't you think that someone on that plane would have used a tech device to reach out to someone letting them know that something was happening on that plane? And yes - the ocean is way more vast than can be comprehended, but wouldn't you think SOMETHING would have shown up on a beach or somewhere? I don't normally jump on consiracy band wagons, but I'll admit that this one has me scratching my head.
The pilot may have turned down the oxygen being given to the passengers and they would have slowly gone to sleep and died later on without even knowing what was going on. That's my theory anyway.
It's likely it's with Amelia Earhart.
I have thought that this plane was not hijacked on a whim. So, it stands to reason that a flight path and runway were pre-selected. It wouldn't take much to repaint etc. I truly don't believe it crashed in the water. We would have seen various terrorists jumping up and down, firing rifles in the air showing their joy at killing so many.
That plane will be searched for by someone until it is found. It's too big of a mystery to let go.
It flew into a time warp and will land at its intended destination in 2048. By then the human race will have been morphed into cyborgs, AI will rule the world and the passengers will end up in a zoo as curiosities.
I thought it was already called off, I haven't heard anything about it in months.
Instead of calling a search and rescue, just use this mission as an opportunity to map uncharted waters. Devoting time and money to create research on this part of the world is critical
and who's budget will that come out of?
Enough already, it's gone and so are the passengers. Shark food at the least.
I feel very horrible about this entire scenario. The loved ones families, friends. Its simple. The plane is parked somewhere, and the government just does not want to say where it is. It is sort of like the show LOST....... However, there is a different twist to this story I believe. Everyone is alive, the plane got parked somewhere and the people are now unfourtanly slaves of some sort sad to say. What a sad story to, however, the end to this story will end in about 10-20 years when we either find the plane, bodies, or find ALL the people alive, or someone actually contacts there family. Just my thoughts.
Have they searched near the site where Osama bin Laden was dumped into the sea?
Collided with a UFO that had its invisibility shield on!
Oh hell, i thought they stopped actively looking months ago.
Very sad for the families to not get closure. but the amount of time and money being spent is starting to out weigh the possibility of finding anything. Survivors are obviously out of the question. Prayers to all.
Probably aren't any survivors by now anyways.
With then fuel on board, that jet would make it to the Gulf of Aden Mori an island east od Somolia with an abandon airport with a runway long enough for the jet to land with ease.. i found this on google earth...the most interesting is the runway appears to be newly built, but no sign of traffic. The jet could also have made it to BOSASO SAMOLIA there is a airport big enough
This story was full of changes. It was going north. It turned and went west. It did a 180 and headed south. Either the data they were using was so inaccurate and unreliable they really dont know which way it traveled or theres a coverup. I dont think it ever deviated all that far off its original flight path.
In my " Opinion ", The plane , Pilots , Passengers are all alive & well . Only the Pilot KNOWS where the plane is and landed ! $ 52 million searching around the waters is " BIG WASTE of TIME !!! " Plane landed on remote Island , Put plane inside a hanger & People are unloaded & safe ! Theres many places to land the plane & hide it , With out any sort of trace ! The pilot had plenty of time , Doing research on hiding this plane , Step by step . Everybody has their own " Theory " on what happen . That's ok , Dream on - Doesn't hurt !
uh...no. Any airport big enough to support a landing for that plane would be too public.
"Alive and well..." I could concede to the plane being landed somewhere, but the very fact that these passengers (if alive), have been held against their will means they're not doing so good. You speak as if eveyone was diverted to some isolated resort where their biggest problem is choosing which masseur or cocktail each afternoon.
All survivors should express disgust and reject any idea that the search will be called off in the near future. Of course, if they looked at the wrong location, no plane will be found! One should not conclude that the plane is in the water if debris is missing!
Yes, they are right. They can't keep searching "forever". I think they should continue searching for as long as they want to STAY IN BUSINESS! If they want to give up the search, it shows they don't care to find out the truth; All they want to do is make more money, and HOPE it doesn't happen again (not knowing why). That's a recipe for more disaster! I would never fly that "low-cost" airline. I'd rather pay MORE, if it meant flying an airline with better concern of safety over profits.
According to freelance journalist Jim Stone, one of the American p#$%$engers, Phillip Wood, a technical storage executive at IBM, who was aboard the now missing Malaysian Airlines flight, keystered his iPhone 5 in his #$%$ after the Boeing 777 carrying 239 people was hijacked by military personnel while on route to China. Amazingly, Stone claims that metadata within the photo yields evidence confirming “100 percent” that Phillip Wood sent the photo, along with a brief voice activated text, from GPS coordinates which put Wood only a few miles away from the U.S. controlled Diego Garcia military base which is located on an island south of the Maldives in the Indian Ocean. In his post Stone claims that the coordinates may be off by a few miles (see update below post), proving that the iPhone actually sent the otherwise blank black picture revealing nothing else. Stone speculates the picture was taken in a dark room or in some position in which Wood’s hands were bound. (Photo: Public Domain) Jim Stone (Photo: Public Domain) Jim Stone As reported by Stone, the picture was posted along with the following text allegedly from Wood: “I have been held hostage by unknown military personal after my flight was hijacked (blindfolded). I work for IBM and I have managed to hide my cellphone in my #$%$ during the hijack. I have been separated from the rest of the p#$%$engers and I am in a cell. My name is Philip Wood. I think I have been drugged as well and cannot think clearly.”
maybe in the keester of a shark .....
Jim Stone is a conspiracy blogger who thinks the CIA has nukes and wanted to bomb Los Angeles! He ALSO claims that aliens are implanting microchips in people and that Mothman is the real deal. Come ob, Buster, even MSNBC thinks Stone is a complete dooshbag!
Are you kidding me, Buster?!!! Not your post, but the fact that Yahoo took the letters a-----------s-----------s-------- out of the word p***engers and substituted #$%$! Hysterical.
Let me see,,, WHO has the bomb but no way to deliver the package? Hmmm. A big commercial plane could carry one couldn't it. Who needs a big sophisticated missile when all you need is a 777 to put one in? DUH!
Did anyone check inside the hangers of any of our enemy country's airports? Is it possible it was simply hijacked? I know... conspiracy theory. I just hope for closure for the families.
The two plausible scenarios for this plane's fate are : 1. the plane was hit by a missile by one of the superpowers in that region and there is a cover up going on. 2. The plane is in deep southern Indian ocean and because they wasted too much time before admitting that the plane's path was altered it's, the debris drifted away and scattered and the task of finding it is almost impossible considering how big the ocean is. If its number 2, will eventually be found
Forget your scenario #1. If a missile would have hit the plane it would have been picked up by spy satellites.
First of all their are no superpowers in that region. The only Superpower the exists is the US. Being hit by a missile would have not only been detected but would have left a huge debris field in the ocean. If the plane is in the deep ocean it may never be found. My personal belief though is it is on land somewhere.
Only superpower is the US. Interesting. I would have thought of China as one, but to be honest I'm not super familiar with their military capabilities. And I would have also said Russia was one or pretty damn near it.
The USA have shown pics of a China Fighter Jet close to it s Spy plane in the sea near China Japan Disputed Border In the Dark at night with No Radio Contact it Could have been shot down then the Navy ordered to Clean up Debris ...Bevcause of the large Number of Chinese on Board it would have been a Major disaster for China Government/Military. so cover up ordered ..to save face.. Or it landed on Diego Garcia .the Cargo was being Monitored as it had some New technology and the scientists who developed it were on board .an American Company wanted the Rights to the technology (some type of Cloaking device ti hide a Plane from radar ?)
The search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 is not Australia's problem, it should be the Chinese and Malaysians that should pick up the search costs if it is to continue. I always liked the theory it flew in the opposite direction along that mountain range to hide from radar and landed somewhere.
I like your theory. We're both optimists. But probably completely off the wall :)
Inmarsat calculations were based on the last ping to the satellite--an arc that led them to believe they would find the aircraft along that arc. But, the plane was still heading west and eye witnesses in the gulf of Thailand and further west in the Maldives reported seeing a low flying 777 aircraft that Saturday morning. Flying low, below radar, and not sending the MH370 transponder code, it could have landed on any one of over one hundred remote airstrips in Pakistan or Somalia or Yemen or ???
The US Navy personnel and radar wouldn't have picked up on it landing on Diego Garcia? Or, is there a conspiracy theory that the US Navy was involved in the disappearance?
Your theory could definitely be a possibility. Yet why a take a plan loaded with passengers who have to be taken care or disposed of? Other people have theorized that it was to stop passengers thwarting the hijacking in the air, but what's to say these passengers couldn't have done just that. I'd love to think they're all alive somewhere, but the odds of that are probably very low.
The US Navy was involved in the Gulf Of Tonkin and the cover-up of the attack on the USS Liberty. Australian Jindalee Operational Radar Network (JORN) would have seen it, too.
Diego Garcia is little more than an airstrip sandbar in the Indian Ocean used by the US Military. They didn't see it. Right after the aircraft went missing there were reports that it climbed to 40,000 feet, cutting off all air to the passengers--so they are dead. The flight deck had oxygen, reduced altitude, changed direction and continued westward. Multiple people reported siting the aircraft along it's westward path. Maybe I'm wrong, but I think the aircraft is in one piece and on dry land somewhere under a camouflaged canopy waiting to be used for something.
Four possibilities 1. Space aliens/ time warp 2. Hijacked for use of the plane 3. Hijacked for the people.... they said that a bunch of people were on board that worked for Texas Instruments 4. Plane crashed in an area in such a way that limited amount of debris came to the surface.
Diego Garcia is a huge air strip, it was an alternative landing area in case of an aborted Space Shuttle flight.
Is it possible some country has this plane? If so eventually they will sink it in the ocean and it will be found after they have "finished" with it.
They are on the trip of their lives to another solar system in our galaxy. They were abducted and are going to live long and prosper.
I'm sure all of the passenger's families appreciate your warped sense of humor.
One wonders who shot this plain down and trying to hide the evidence by looking so far away from where it happened, ensuring no one ever finds out what had happened.
Economic repercussions from a disaster bring to mind Flight 800. There were over 200 eye witnesses including some from the air who saw a missile hit the plane coming out of New York City. The U.S. government concocted a "b--l moose" story about a frayed wire in the fuel tank. There was no payment nor were there any lawsuits. There was a large contingent of French citizens on board. France was furious. The U.S. and Bill Clinton just moved on. It was just like the JFK assassination. Neither one officially happened. In the eyes of the Almighty, it happened. Some day in the next life, justice will be done.
more conspiracy theories and not a shred of evidence for your statement!
@Rico: What part of 200 eyewitnesses did you not understand. There is a website which gives statements from every one of them.
Very sad to think those poor souls could go down in history along with Amelia Earhart, among others. Just horrific
No, it will be found someday... Hard to say when, but at some point in the future it will be found.
MS 370 may open the doors to incredable new things for humanity. Lets hope.
For Michael: Nobody would have believed what happened on 9/11 until it actually happened. There were no aliens, Bermuda Triangle or Illuminati involved. It's not a matter of wanting to believe the plane is in a radical Muslim friendly country, it's a matter of believing it's a possibility.
Check Kazakhstan - theory is two Russian specialists on plane grabbed it, flew it along border and landed it in old shuttle airstrip (in newly renovated hanger) in Kazakhstan.
I believe "authorities" in a couple of countries know what happened, but they have released as much information as they ever will. I feel for the family members and friends of the lost, but this ongoing sham search won't find anything else and is needlessly costing money.
I am one of the believers. I fully and fervently believe that the people on this plane are dead. Did I help anybody out?
Ask a pilot, they will tell you what they tell me. The airplane is not where the searchers think it's at but in the other direction. Hijacked and taken somewhere. To not find ANY debris is just too hard to believe considering all the things that float from a crashed a/c of this size.
A Boeing 770's range is roughly 9600 miles. Yemen and Somalia are roughly 3600 miles from Kuala Lumpour, a little less than Kazakhstan which is where one of CNN's aviation experts recently said it may have landed. Russia already has large commercial aircraft capable of carrying heavy loads. When America detonated the first atomic bomb over Hiroshima, we accidentally and serendipitously detonated the bomb at the correct height for maximum damage, resonance effect etc. If we hadn't the Japanese would have laughed at us, told us "You have a hot bomb! So what!" and kept on fighting. "If you sow the wind, you shall reap the whirlwind" Woe to the country who explodes the next nuclear device on another country so maximum ambiguity and uncertainty is absolutely necessary over who and wherefrom originated the device.
And that made the USA the biggest killer of civilians in history.Be proud?
20 years from now 2 Greek fishermen will find a floating seat with MH370 on it.
No trace means it's possible the plane landed safely somewhere.
I typically don't entertain all the crazy conspiracy theories, but the fact that they have been searching for a year and haven't found a single piece of the plane is a little suspicious. The other plane that crashed a couple months ago they found in a day. I think it's very possible that it didn't crash.
I always thought that finding this airplane in a huge ocean based on approximate locations was far more difficult than the proverbial needle in a haystack. But this will certainly fire up all the conspiracy theories again.
It is not going to be found. The US kept out of the early investigation because of Obama decisions.
I'm really not one to jump on a conspiracy train, but I still don't believe this plane crashed.
My guess a year ago was that this plane was hijacked and all but 1 or 2 people were killed and the plane flew somewhere after tracking devise was turned off, I still believe that is what has happened but what do I know!!
Perhaps the plane really is not there; Many had thought originally it had evaded detection and is in the hands of terrorists. Until they find it, no theory is completely off the table.
Terrorist have a nasty habit of bragging. Someone would have started a rumor.
Strange they haven't found any part of this jet. Leads me to think it's either intact on the ocean floor (unlikely but possible) or it is purposely being hidden somewhere.
Like the Titanic, they aren't going to find this plane for MANY years. It's discovery will be major headlines when my unborn grandchildren are filing for Social Security.
Hard to locate a plane in the Ocean when it was hijacked and landed in some Country for terrorists use at a later date.
With all this technology do you really think that they don't know where the plane is? Just look to see who all was on the flight. Then things will start to clear up a bit
you have spent an entire year searching for this plane...you have not found one piece of it BUT shortly after this plane went missing all you so-called experts denied there was any possibility this plane was landed somewhere.....if you cant find it what makes you arrogant fools completely even deny the possibility?
mr monster...if science is so foolproof..where is the plane? where is even one small part of the plane? science is not foolproof
The laws of physics. The Doppler shift in the satellite transmission that indicated the southern search arc would be mind-boggling difficult to fake. It's there, it's just to large and remote an area for it to be found.
Dan really wasn't looking for facts.
Science teaches us that ANYTHING is possible, just highly unlikely.
Come on, they know where the plane is... I say it was hijacked and taken somewhere either for use of the plane at a later date or for some of the passengers.
Two things that are freaking me out, one in this day and age how can we loose a plane with modern technologies? Two, has it already been one year!! Freaking scary!!
The plane is somewhere that certain entities would now like us to know. Probably sitting in a hangar, scrapped or repainted and in use for some other type of usage. I wonder what happened with the people.
some CNN guy wrote a book with a theory that the russians hijacked it, with help of passengers on board, then fooled inmarsat into thinking it went south while it actually landed at an airport in kazakhstan
Why? Russians hijacking the plane makes no sense.
Peter, we don't know that yet - Russia think 10 moves ahead
as an Australian tax payer, I say stop the search now. I mean, unless you want to start looking in Russia.
But CNN will continue live 24/7 coverage into the indefinite future. Perhaps they will switch the Headline News Network channel to the MH370 Update channel.
This accident was most likely a crime resulting in mass murder. And there may have been conspirators who are somewhere commending themselves for getting away w/ it. How SAD!!
I still think that one of these country's governments has more knowledge about MH370 then what they are telling the public.
You have no idea how close you really are. Dig Deeper.......
Look into computer chips and the technicians that were aboard the plane. Also Rothchilds. This plane plane flew back over land and a couple islands before disappearing. under control.
Just keep spending money looking for the missing plane forever and then when you go broke looking for dead people. Then there will be no money to pay the policeman and then the people will start killing each other. Maybe it is better to call off the search immediately.
It is sad to see them talk about stopping the search, but there are some very big concerns about this whole accident, I do not believe we have been told all of it. Somewhere the rest of the storey is there.
This plane has been repainted and will be flown into something we don't want destroyed in a few years.As time passes the world will become passive to its fate, and the dirtbags will attack!!!
MH17 = MH370 which was shot down by Ukrainian forces.
Amazes me how people don't understand the vastness of the ocean. Science is not wrong, Inmarsat calculations are not wrong. IT'S THERE, in the INDIAN OCEAN, 15000 FT deep. It wasn't flown anywhere on land. Maybe scales will help. It's like trying to find a specific building in the entire African continent but you don't know which country. But even that would be easier than MH370 because it's not obscured from the world 15K ft deep.
The likelihood of an ocean crash with absolutely no surface debris is very small.
The likelihood of an ocean crash with no detectable debris, however, is quite large, when the search area is the size of a continent and prone to 30' seas. The debris field was simply scattered too quickly to be recognized. Maybe, with luck, some recognizable piece of flotsam will wash up on the coast of Australia eventually, but even that's unlikely. The southern Indian Ocean is just mind-boggling large and desolate.
Its been a year beach. Some debris should have been spotted by a plane or a ship or washed up on a shore somewhere. It wouldnt still be in the area of the crash because it would have drifted with ocean currents. The plane didnt go down off the coast of Australia.
It's like searching for a needle in the Grand Canyon... in the dead of night. And why no debris washed ashore? If you take a look at a detailed map of ocean currents, you'll see that those of the southern Indian Ocean move south and east, toward Antarctica.
South of the equator but north of the Antarctic circumpolar current, the Indian Ocean currents run like a big, slow, counter-clockwise rotating wheel. Given where the plane almost certainly went down, western Australian is the most likely place to eventually find recognizable debris- but that is still not especially likely. James is right. An airplane, even a jet liner, is a tiny speck in an ocean that vast. People don't want to accept it, but it may not be found in the foreseeable future, even though it is very likely it's out there somewhere.
Didn't crash, it landed. Some of the passengers were interrogated and the rest were killed.
It's like looking for something you've misplaced. I live alone, and if I can't find something, despite looking for weeks. I'm not a conspiracy theory nutter, but there is only one other common sense explanation. Someone else took it. Objects don't sprout legs. The same way there isn't a speck of wreckage or trace of this huge aircraft. That, coupled with mixed radar data showing conflicting flight paths equals the same conclusion. Someone else took it.
U.S. spy satellites were watching the entire time. Information cannot be released which would compromise our spy capabilities.
Do you have a dog, peter? Mine takes my socks outside, one at a time.
No pooch PHILLIP. Thanks for the suggestion. I was specifically talking about an expensive Cartier lighter. A friend left it here and it sat on my bookshelf for a couple of weeks until he came by and asked after it. I had called him the day after he left it. Since then, a handful of people have been over. None who smoke or would have reason to even look towards the bookshelf. Couldn't have sucked it up with my vacuum. Not in my house anywhere. Someone else took it.
Yeah but common sense should be asking yourself why someone would take a plane and sit on it. Not to mention what can it be used for? Any country will shoot down a rogue plane entering their airspace that just happens to be the same kind of plane that went missing. Planes need maintenance just like a car. Have you ever parked a car for a year or more? I'll tell ya it don't just fire right up and you drive it away. Things dry rot like seals and tires etc. Even fuel goes bad after a while. If this plane was taken it would have already been used for the purpose by now.
Joe. You are applying common sense and pragmatism when the motive could be so twisted it would be impossible to figure out. If the plane was taken, monetary gain or immediate use may not have been the motive. It's possible an entity with the resources and the wherewithall to orchestrate such a disappearance is already well enough funded they could just sit and wait. I knew kids in junior high who would go to the mall with credit cards from their parents, with the parents' permission and still shoplift just to prove they could. Imagine someone unstabile coming forward with proof he diverted the plane, but refusing to divulge the how and the whereabouts of the aircraft. Wouldn't that disclosure in itself give that individual an incredible power? The fact that he is capable of such a deed with impunity. Some nutter like Putin or even Kim Jong Il come to mind. Or some terror organization brandishing its prowess and instilling fear could have the same goal.
Possible. But remember, according to Einstein there is a Fourth Dimension. It could be there....
That Fourth Dimension has good taste. I could have been missing my can opener from Walmart, but alas Louis Cartier was its preference. And if you're talking specifically talking about MH370, I thought about the Fourth Dimension the day that Air Asia flight from Indonesia to Singapore went missing. Thoughts of the Bermuda Triangle came rushing into my head.
I never understand when people say that the spy satellites would have picked something up... Earth is big and spy satellites look down at specific areas. The Southern Indian Ocean isn't exactly a top priority.
@BigRy: Because that is what happened.
It crashed. highly unlikely it flew somewhere else because radar and other countless things would of saw it.
The pilot intentionally hijacked the plane. Once flight recorders proved this, lawsuits would bankrupt Malaysia Airlines. Better for Malaysia to keep it a mystery.
Let the public search Diego Garcia? Its probably dismantled and destroyed; the passengers were just collateral damage... The Carlyle Group knows exactly where it is!
NASA knows where the plane is, it landed at Diego Garcia.
ZZzz Big difference between Titanic & this jet. The Titanic did not have all the computers & tracking equipment MH370 has.
What relevance? The Titanic also didn't go missing without a trace. I don't get the analogy.
Eric, look at ZZzz's comment comparing the 2
Look the right place. I repeat as I did a year ago, that plane is in a hanger in Pakistan. The files are with the CIA. Right! I am a #$%$. Your government could tell you many things that only a #$%$ could dream up. Perception is everything.
They haven't a clue. The batteries went dead a year ago while Australia was so sure it knew where the jetliner went down. That huge waste of time is why MH370 was never found.
Sometimes I have wondered if this flight had even ever exsisted, ya know , it could be just like the flight to the moon, that never happened either, just here-say.
What a sad story. Assuming there is no reason to believe that something malicious happened, I would call it off at the one year mark.
Well this will the conspiracy theorists something to banter about for decades now if the search is stopped.
Meanwhile scientists have found a black hole that cant be seen with a size of 12 billion times larger than our sun and was formed 900 million years after the big bang approximately 13 billion years into our past but cant find MH370.What a bunch of bs these morons try to feed us.
What if the $40 million spent had been put into improving aviation safety instead of this search? Humanity would have been better off.
It is the year 2015. I have seen a man grab and move a hologram with his hands. In the 1980s America, along with a few other countries, possessed satellite imaging technology that allowed them to read wristwatches, that was about 30 years ago. Do not try and tell me that we can't find a giant mess. If we aren't finding it, it's not because we aren't capable.
It will be found because all the shipwrecks in the world for the last 4,000 years have already been found.
I guess that the sane people of the world will be hearing forever the moronic stories from conspiracy theorists about UFO's, or little green men or the CIA taking the plane into another dimension.
Assuming it even existed in the first place. Of course we could always blame it on space aliens. Or maybe it was the #$%$ in Antarctica?
Have a strange feeling that this airplane was hijacked and landed somewhere else. Horrible story and the airlines need to do better for their tracking devices.
Didn't the same guy assure us just a couple of weeks ago that the plane would be found ? Of course, we all know that in reality this is a cover-up of a black op, so the intent by all means is to prevent the plane from being found.
It never made that left turn. It remained on its course and was most likely shot down over N. Vietnam or most likely China. The cover story was immediate as China im sure confired with Maylasia authorities & together they lied to the world. World powers knew the truth.
They are more likely to find Amelia Earhart's Lockheed Electra than Flt 370 if they insist on looking in the southern Indian Ocean.
lee, is that where she went down? I never knew that.
Ruby, if I knew where she was, I would go and get her. Her last contact was a hell of a lot closer to there than the last contact with Flt 370 was.
Lee, Amelia Earharts Electra was destroyed in june 1944 Saipan.
Ron, please contact the History Chanel and let them know. They have been trying to locate it for 70 years.
lee, The History Channel is making money with it ,And so as The boguss TIGHAR research group. They keep it going to keep the sheep coming .
I can't believe they looked this long. I mean really what is the point of spending all that money looking for dead people.
The plane was hijacked, but not by your "regular suspects". The Malaysian Government will never reveal what happened, citing National Security. There are bigger players involved here, and the downing of MH17 was no accident either.
It is behind the grassy noll in Dallas
The perfect crime ... old technology that stinks over the ocean.
I think the MOSSAD & the CIA know all about this!
Be nice guys.Go troll the Justin Bieber 21st birthday article.
Anyone else read into the Freescale Semiconductor theory? Could that chip be that valuable that the powers that be, basically stole the aircraft and kept it under wraps??
The enemies have that plane and they will use it as a WMD sometime, somewhere.
777's do not vanish from the face of the Earth unless a very skilled and mentally/emotionally disturbed person wanted it to be that way.......Who was on that flight that had the skill set and the emotional problems to kill everyone on the flight and make the 777 disappear without a trace ? The officials investigating this situation probably can't come out some what they think happened.....but there's only one logical explanation. Zaharie Ahmad Shah.
I'm not an aviation expert, but I do like cheese, So here is my theory: The plane never left the ground. It taxied into a non-discript hanger were the passengers are being subjected to an endless Time Share pitch by the ShamWow guy, Vince Shlomi. No one will be released until EVERYONE signs up. Unfortunately, there are still many hold outs.
"CANBERRA (Reuters) - The search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 cannot go on forever, Australia's deputy prime minister said". They could look for this plane for the next 50 years and not find it, and it's not wise to actually do that. I think they have made every reasonable effort - more than that really.
I'm not so sure the plane disappeared for WHO was on the plane, but WHAT was on the plane.
what do you think might have been on the plane?
I hate to bring up conspiracies but given the technology on the planes, satellites that cover every inch of this planet and all the other technology we do not know about, but it is hard to believe that a plane in this day and techno-age can just disappear. Just saying, they can identify the masked Jihadi John but can't find an entire plane. Does not scan...
No. We've been lied to again. There was a grassy knoll and shots came from there too. I was 19 years old when that happened and remember eyewitnesses dropping like flies. Made to look like accidents. I didn't get this from movies or anything except the news. It was awful. We had to swallow the BS.
Its about time you stop wasting tax payers money for that... We will hear from that plane later on when its used for another 9/11 but in Kuala Lumpur this time
The plane had hundreds of flotation devices, life jackets and seat cushion, etc. If nothing has washed ashore after a year it came down over land.
Since they don't know WHERE it crashed, the don't know WHERE to look for debris. There's still 10,000 miles of Antarctica coastline that nobody has inspected yet. Remember, the Indian Ocean is over 3 times the size of America... and nobody knows WHERE to start looking.
My doctor said walking is good exercise.
Your doctor is a fat b!t@h.
They never found Amelia Earhart's plane and they are never going to find this one either, The ocean is too damn big and too damn deep.
Tough for the families, but it's time to throw a wreath in the water and just say good bye.
The plane was taken by Russia, for what purpose is unknown, they landed the plane in kakastan removed the people and planning whatever crime they took the plane for.
It's sitting right on top of Amelia Earhart's bucket of bolts.
I think somebody knows something about the disappearance of this plane, but for security reasons that information will never be divulged to you or me.
I think you're right. I want to think it wasn't taken for use of the plane. It's been a year why haven't they used it? Maybe they dismantled it to get a pattern to make some 777s for themselves. lol I think it was what was on the plane that somebody couldn't let it reach China. I don't know what part Australia played maybe none but Malaysia Airlines and China are hiding something. The families of the passengers said MA wasn't telling them everything from square one.
Ah when people take a walk or a little hike our even now sailing trips THEY ALL CARRY a little $150 tracker ! These $ 200 million dollar top of the line aircraft apparently do not have one these DUH ?
China will never give up , the Search for MH370 is a perfect excuse for sending surveillance ship into the Indian Ocean. they are search , but also collecting data on the Indian Navy .
The government already knows that the plane was captured by a UFO. Searching for it is just a futile exercise.
Let this be a lesson to those who were foolish enough to underestimate just how enormous our oceans are. But it will be found at some point in time
The unaddressed and unanswered question here is what percentage of the search costs is the US taxpayer paying? My guess is... likely more than anyone else.
The search team was just about as effective as the Whale Wars crew in stopping, and harassing Japanese whalers off the coast of Antarctica.
How can you find the remains of an airliner in the ocean when it never crashed in the first place? But that's just my unsubstantiated opinion...
I have always thought this plane was moved to Syria or an area near by. Quite sure it will be used as another 9/11 type attack, just not sure where.
Isreal intel reported that when The Americans are withdrawing from the Afghanistan, one of their command and control systems (used for controlling the pilot-less drones) was hijacked by the Taliban's when the American transport convoy was moving down from one of the hill top bases. The Taliban ambushed the convoy and killed 2 American Seal personnel, seized the equipment/weapons, including the command and control system which weighed about 20 tons and packed into 6 crates. This happened about a month ago in Feb 2014. What the Taliban want is money. They want to sell the system to the Russians or the Chinese. The Russian is too busy in Ukraine . The Chinese are hungry for the system's technology. Just imagine if the Chinese master the technology behind the command and control system, all the American drones will become useless. So the Chinese sent 8 top defense scientists to check the system and agreed to pay millions for it. Sometime in early Mar 2014, the 8 scientists and the 6 crates made their way to Malaysia , thinking that it was the best covert way to avoid detection. The cargo was then kept in the Embassy under diplomatic protection. Meanwhile the Americans had engaged the assistance of Israeli intelligence, and together they are determined to intercept and recapture the cargo. The Chinese calculated that it will be safe to transport it via civilian aircraft so as to avoid suspicion. After all the direct flight from KL to Beijing takes only 4 and half hours, and the Americans will not hijack or harm the civilian aircraft. So MH370 is the perfect carrier. There are 5 American and Israeli agents on board who are familiar with Boeing operation. The 2 "Iranians" with stolen passports could be among them. When MH370 is about to leave the Malaysian air space and report to Vietnamese air control, one American AWAC jammed their signal, disabled the pilot control system and switched over to remote control mode. That was when the plane suddenly lost altitude momentarily. How the AWAC can do it ? Remember 911 incident ? After the 911 incident, all Boeing aircraft (and possibly all Airbus) are installed with a remote control system to counter terrorist hijacking. Since then all the Boeing's could be remote controlled by ground control tower. The same remote control system used to control the pilot-less spy aircraft and drones. The 5 American and Israeli agents soon took over the plane, switched off the transponder and other communication system, changed course and flew westwards. They dare not fly east to the Philippines or Guam because the whole South China Sea air space was covered by Chinese surveillance radar and satellite. The Malaysian, Thai and Indian military radars actually detected the unidentified aircraft but did not react professionally. The plane flew over North Sumatra, Anambas, South India and then landed in the Maldives (some villagers saw the aircraft landing), refuelled and continued its flight to Garcia Deigo, the American Air Base in the middle of Indian Ocean. The cargo and the black box were removed. The passengers were silenced via natural means, lack of oxygen. They believe only dead persons will not talk. The MH370 with dead passengers were air borne again via remote control and crashed into the South Indian Ocean , make it look like the plane eventually ran out of fuel and crashed, and blame would fall on the defiant captain and copilot. The Americans put up a good show. First diverting all the attention and search effort in the South China Sea while the plane made their way to Indian Ocean . Then they came out with some conflicting statement and evidence to confuse the world. Australian is the co-actor. The amount of effort put up by China , in terms of the number of search aircraft, ships and satellites, searching first the South China Sea, then the Malacca Straits and the Indian Ocean is unprecedented. This showed that the China is very concerned, not so much because of the many Chinese civilian passengers, but mainly the high value cargo and its 8 top defense scientists.
You should write screenplays for Hollywood. The excerpt for the suspense-thriller you've included here is a must see. Has anyone bought the rights yet?
Tin-Foil hat anyone? Damn dude,. what the hell are you smoking?
I'll keep that door open for now since the plane is still missing. I agree with the others, it makes for a great movie. But then if we did have that kind of equipment and secret technology at risk then I would hope our military would do what is necessary to get it back. As for the passengers, their innocent but in war innocent people die. it's our way of life. it will not change.
Your scenario is based on half-truths, I suggest you do a great deal more research before posting falsehoods. Your story does not jive with the facts. Feel free to research and then comment.
And you know this how? Sounds like something out of a James Bond movie. Sometimes the most far fetched is closer to the truth. I wouldn't be going around saying all this. It is entertaining to us on here but you might get a visit from men in black suits and black cars.
Hopalong, your not alone, I heard a similar story.
Maybe the pilots gears got jammed and the plane went up too high, now it's on the Moon possibly.
It should be there with Alice Kramden.
I didn't think it was possible to completely lost track of something so huge... I guess I was wrong.
I can't believe that Australia is giving up the search so soon, considering the error made by pointing at the Indian Ocean as the possible location of the plane. It can only mean the plane is located where it was never suspected in the first place. So flip the card over and look for the other side of the equation!
I'm with you..got my new tin foil hat and I tuned it to Uranus just like you...
Oh, you mean EVERYWHERE ELSE ON EARTH. Yeah, they'll get right on that.
I am not sure if the assumption of the flight path headed towards Indian ocean is correct but not sure anyone able think about the plane could headed towards the outer hemosphere and disintegrated there. Is that a probability the plane debric could probably still somewhere at South China sea?
What a catastrophic waste of money and resources. And for nothing more than mass public neurosis.
Well there are the sheep Baa Baaing in....
The plane is hiding in Russia with nukes on board ready to hit America any day! Get ready Obama!
There were also Russian men on board and seated near the access door to the control room under the cabin. It sounds more and more possible it was hi-jacked to Uzbekistan.
I think there's a cover-up. A commercial plane suddenly vanishes and nobody can find a trace after 1 year of searching? This was 2014. I'm not buying it. Now, if this happened half a century ago, I could buy it. Even 30 years ago, I could buy it. But 2014? Not buying it.
If we actually flew to the moon in 1969, then we can locate a commercial airplane in 2014.
Don...You're pretty dumb and don't get the size of the ocean.
They know exactly the location of impact. You're not fooling anyone. Technology is there, has been there for a very long time. Did you know that drones have been around since the 1930s? I wonder how many people think drones are some sort of new technology that has only been around since past few decades? Like I said, the technology is out there. They know. It's a cover-up.
Din ..lol You're brain is getting to you. They have no clue. What an imbecile.
You probably rely on Fox News, CNN, ABC, MSNBC, NBC, CBS, etc to hand-scoop you BS propaganda for your daily news, eh?
Don....You probably rely on all conspiracy theorist news. Seek mental help soon.
Took 'em two years to find the airbus that went down in the pacific.
Actually Brian it took 2 years to find the flight recorders. Wreckage was found pretty fast.
Don you should read some more - They explored more of the Moons surface than the bottom of the sea. Second countless flights have been lost at sea. Go read up on some history in the last 50 years of flights lost at sea. The ocean it sank in is 15000 feet deep, that's 3x deeper than the titanic. Humans cant dive that deep and the search area is only 3x3 feet with the cameras they're using. 28 million square miles to search but please go on how easy this is.
The thing that bothers me most, is not that in that immense ocean the planes final resting place has not been located, but more so that not one single piece of wreckage has not been spotted or washed up on a beach......Anywhere!
It's an inside job of piracy on the high seas, followed by slowley sinking the plane and survivors. Obviously, some of the crew was involved too
Do we REALLY know what was in that cargo hold?
OK move along then, something may show up someday, but it is not worth the risk to those searching to continue this any longer.
Perhaps the plane was diverted for some particular reason and it sits in hanger somewhere in North Korea?
You give them way too much credit.
The U.S. government knows what happened. Diego Garcia.
NPR had some aviation expert on who said he thought it had been digitally hijacked (it's all computerized, "fly by wire"), the wandering satellite contact faked, and the plane flown to Khazikstan (if I remember right). Said there was a big, top secret aviation center there. Maybe for industrial espionage purposes?? If that were true, imagine what happened to the passengers...
Maybe. But not mine, so I cannot defend it. Nor do you or I know enough to say for sure, so....
Sad for the families , but they found the Titanic after many decades , so shall they find flight MH370 after many decades. And stay off ANY flight of Malaysia airplanes.
no they won't. they knew were the titanic sank. they have no idea where this plane is, and the salt water will eat it away within 50 years
got to agree w/ the Horseman about never finding it . The aluminum , though , will last longer than 50 years .
They said the Titanic couldn't sink. First time out--went down like a rock. Shows you how much the experts know.
I'm convinced th pilot caused it's crash and disappearance . My intuition is always right.
It'll be "found" flying into something expensive in Israel, then Iran will be framed-up as the guilty party. The US will do the heavy fighting again, thus completing a crossover false flag paired with 9/11 and the invasion of Iraq.
I'm STILL waiting for this plane to come out of nowhere loaded with bombs for a terrorist attack like most of the bozos commenting were so sure of . Good thing I'm not holding my breath. You'd think it would wake these people up and realize not everything is a government plot. Instead they just move on to the next conspiracy.
Don't worry. If anybody has got it it's the good ole U S of A. We're the only ones that could pull off something of that magnitude.
I know a few pilots who think it is in an abandoned airfield in western Australia. They do NOT think it is in the ocean.
@Fleendar & beam.me...you'd like to think that, as horrific as it sounds, but we would like to believe it didn't disappear without a trace leaving us with our best technology and efforts in the dark without answers. But logistically to move a plane that size, just the fuel alone required to an alternate destination would have needed refueling and hangering the plane and pilots to taxi take off and land and mechanics and parts supplies. I'd wager government spooks have checked have checked all this out. Can't imagine a plane full of people sitting on the bottom of the ocean. The industry has to make changes so that possibility of losing a plane without a trace never happens again. What good are black boxes if you can't find them?
So very sad. As for comparing this with Amelia Earhart's disappearance, 239 passengers, including children -- and almost all of whom NEVER assumed the kind of risk Earhart assumed, are lost. MH 370 is a much greater tragedy, and a far greater mystery in that it occurred in 2014, a technological age that helped not a whit in solving the loss. So very sad.
Every Boeing Jet Engine has it's own transponder. Boeing won't say a word on where the plane is.
I say it again, you are looking in the wrong place, MH370 did not go down in the Indian Ocean, start looking in those jungles near by, Remember that Peruvian Airliner, it went down in the Peruvian jungle and it took 8 years before it was found, Indonesia has lots of jungle, Vietnam has lots of jungle and China has lots of jungle, sooner or later some prospector inside one of those jungles will come across MH370 just like that prospector ran across that Peruvian Airliner, remember now, you heard it here first..
I'm not going to diss you on this one. A big plane makes a small hole in the jungle if it went straight in................
Doesn't explain the satellite pings for 7 hours,
This is exactly what I told the indonesian and the thailand defense minister two weeks after the crash. They were not really surprised... There was a quick spreading fire in the forward cargo hold and destroyed the avionics bay within a few minutes (illegaly transported lithium ion batteries by Malaysian Airlines). The transponder "was turned off" because it simply burned. So did the radios, autoflight system, fly-by-wire cables etc. The pilots had not a chance! The crash site is probably one hundred miles south west, after the aircraft turned left, back to malaysia. It`s a big cover up, unfortunately. And the press is, as always these days, clueless and ignorant. Which in turn helps the malaysian goverment. And yes, even a 777 makes a relatively small hole in the jungle, almost impossible to find an airplane. All these theories about pings and satellite infos are rubbish. The australians should know better... they actually do... It`s a pretty sad chapter of "diplomacy". My opinion from the wide body flight deck. Maybe I am wrong, maybe not.
Keep saying it. But there is only one explanation which accounts for all of the known facts.
Gary, those Brits couldn't track a Sea turtle crawling on a sandy beach.
Isn't this the aircraft that some said was shot down in Russia? I swear, I really don't believe in conspiracy's but that comparison really made sense.
Why quit now???? Nazi war criminals are well over 100 years old, and probably long dead but that doesn't stop Israel.
The whole theory of the Indian Ocean is based on a path calculated with a pioneering algorithm based on pings picked on a geostationary Inmarsat satellite thousands of miles away. It gave a lot of hope, but just a few miscalculations could mean a large area on the surface. I applaud the Inmarsat scientist for trying their best and the Australian Government for trying hard.
they are actually considering stopping the search 7 months, 2 weeks, 4 days and 16 hours after an evil white police officer shot and murdered and unarmed black teenager in fregusson, Missouri? just kidding, i shouldn't get yahoo started on that comedy of errors again
My wife just got off the phone with her sister who is vacationing in Maui. She ordered a 3-egg omelet, a pot of coffee, and a V-8 from room service. $65.00.
What some lay people don't understand is that there is no magic. The Pacific Ocean is vast and deep and dark. There is no feasible technology to locate a plane on the seafloor in an arbitrary location.
Surely if the plane went down in the ocean there would be some things showing up somewhere, or if someone has it, they would plant some things in several places to keep searchers looking in the ocean. If that is true then it either crashed on land, or someone has it.
The queen and her men will gather near the gem wall and buy a bologna sandwich.
I'd have figured there'd be some sort of submerged drone(s) going in crosshatched patterns until promising signs were indicated.
So SGGC don't want it found?
It should be obvious, by now, that the plane was stolen.
I think the plane was hijacked, the passengers killed and the plane sold and my be used for another attack on America. ??
Like trying to find Obama's real birth certificate.
or a conservative with half a brain?
/Australia says hunt for missing MH370 jet may be called off soon/ That's for laughs. Even Malaysia has forgotten about it already. Me too.
They know the plane was hijacked. Evidence of electronic tampering became obvious. I think that aviation expert dude is right, the plane is Kurdistan.
This is very scary 4 me because I planning to go visiting Asia with my China friend from college this coming up summer. This really makes u thinking.
Don't let it worry you. You'd be more than a million times more likely to get killed on your way to the airport than this happening to you.
Putin don't know JACK! Barak Hussein Obama has the answer! The carcass is off the east coast of Diego Garcia
John, I see you're off your meds again.
John is drinking,he gets mouthy for a little wasted guy.
This is definitely a US government cover up.
When I heard reports that the plane took on a northwest southeasterly direction, that's when I knew that everybody on board was screwed.
I know one thing for sure. youBlow!
I don't get the concept of not being able to have closure until the bodies are recovered. Do these people really think their relatives are still alive somewhere? I can promise you one thing, you will not want to see their bodies if they are recovered. So what gives?
Yeah Terry, but how is that comforting? And " In that you don't is irrelevant. " I am sure you had a point there. You may want to rephrase that so your point is actually understood.
Rusty, when you lose somebody to death, you don't want to believe it. Denial is a soft place to fall, a shock absorber. Sometimes even reasoning is affected by denial. And who knows how long it will take them to accept it. Healing takes as long as it takes.
The bodies are even past being fish food, just bones left.
kinda sickening to think that the plane's disappearance will be tied into some political maneuvering to frame a third party in order to justify some action. we elect these people, pay the bills and yet we are not intelligent enough to know the truth. something stupid like this could start wwIII - who are the players in this game of russian roulette? russia, us, israel, iran, syria???
Rusty I was in a U.S. Navy squadron that lost an aircraft June 1977 1 mile off Wake Island with 16 souls aboard. One body, that of the flight engineer, floated to the surface still strapped in his seat, the other 15 were never recovered after the aircraft exploded and disappeared in 1,200 feet of water. I later heard the families were devastated as there were no remains to inter. The families never received the solace they desired by burying the mortal remains of their loved ones.
Joe- The question that nobody can answer is why? Burying remains doesn't bring the person back. Not being able to bury the remains doesn't erase the history you have with that person. Got it now?
The passengers have been living in Bikini Bottom for a year. Have they questioned Spongebob?
If the Australians hadn't steered everybody off course with their "certainty" in the early hours of this, the plane might have been found by the pings. But they seemed anxious to want the plane to be in "Australian waters" and directed all efforts towards that and only that.
If a plane crashes into the ocean and no one is there to see it, did it really crash?
FAUX NEWS and Billy O say Obama has it hidden in Chicago.
Wouldn't it make more sense for him to hide it in Indonesia ?
The Chinese and Malaysians should fund the seach the rest of the way until every mile is covered. Even if it means paying the world for the equipment and services needed...still if nothing afterwards, that could spell trouble..
Being retired from the military I must say that certain facts are not told. The USA has satellites that are stationary over the Indian Ocean, Indonesia, Australia monitoring the area 24/7. This aircraft is marked not to be found for military reasons.
could a plane be incinerated? Like an explosion that could consume it completely? The only other thing I can think of is that plane is in tact and was landed somewhere.
The satellites have to be looking at the right area at the right time. If the were focused on a specific area such as spying on terrorists or suspect shipping and not a routine airline fight where there was no particular interest in then there is a very good possibility that every satellite overhead would have missed it.
LOL@stupidity, satellites are anything but stationary considering that they are moving at ~20,000 mph in orbit...
Ignorance of America's satelite system actually overwhelms me. By the way satelites are stationary , they orbit tracing overhead. If not your cell phones would never work.
they should check U.S. military bases in the area
They are still searching for a non existent airplane... kinda like Easter egg hunting on the 4th of July.
Last recorded headed straight toward Diego Garcia.
This was a foregone conclusion when they first discovered the possible real reasons behind MH370's disappearance. But they have to go through this exercise in order to satisfy the missing passenger's families and other future passengers. There is no doubt that this plane was commandeered from outside before it was disposed off at a designated undisclosed location. This is one mystery that may never be officially resolved.
stick to urology .Complex Problem solving is not your strong point
It will be found someday... Could be decades, but sooner or later it will
It's that glass bald empty attitude you have which is contributing to this plane not being found
My original theory was the plane was hijacked to be used to deploy a nuke. Nothing has been discovered since to dispute that theory.
Is that like using a stolen car to rob a bank?
It's your glass half empty attitudes that are contributing to the lack of progress in the search. Try having a can-do attitude for a change
I think I can, I Think I can, I THINK I can.
I was on that flight in first class with Brain Williams. Bill O'Reilly
See this CNN stop being stupid. The airplane wasn't sucked into a black hole. CNN the same network who had a live llama in their studio. News entertainment, CNN. It was great in the early 80's I'm old enough to remember it, today, its carp!
crazy... biggest mystery of the 21st century. was it a conspiracy? whatever happen to the story about the pilots and their homemade simulators?
It was either terrorism or global warming that caused the plane to disappear. More likely global warming, since it seems to be responsible for most bad thing that happen.
And to think, if only CARBON TAXES had been in place. Scientific studies indicate this Aircraft would still be running it routes if the proper taxes were in place Source: Albert Gore Carbon Tax Foundation. My side note: I burn Tires on Earth Day
had to be global warming, just ask al gore.
@FMD Jr.- LMAO!!! On Earth Day, I make sure to drive extra miles in my Nissan Titan.
"I burn Tires on Earth Day". Hands down, best comment of the day here!!! LMAO!
@ I don't think so- thanks. Yours is good too!
The plane could have been hijacked, passengers disposed of, and some terrorist org will put it to use for their purpose. It's not that wild of a theory.
It wouldn't be a wild theory except for the fact that it's largely been ruled out.
But the best reason to hijack a plane is to get money for the passengers.
You don't land a 777 on a dirt strip in the jungle. There are only so many places it could be put down.
Yea, that was a common theme in plane "truthers". That terrorists hijacked the plane and were going to use it for an attack. They must still be planning that attack........any day now..
@luvakgal, how would a 777 avoid all military radars?
Under the Sea, Under the Sea... you to kiss America gone away in the hidden under ground mob market under subduction sea.
Yup, everthing has gone to hell in the seven years since Obama was elected. He commands ZERO respect on the international scene, so terrorism is at an all time high. Great job liberals!!!
Way to go, terry. Yes, let's bring back Bush. What wonderfully deceptive times those were, quite apart from the huge blunders you mentioned. If Republicans had any concern for The People, they wouldn't put roadblocks in the way of everything that could be good and beneficial for our citizens. Nothing matters to them except partisan politics. They no more care for the wellbeing of the USA than Putin does.
The pilot obviously found a perfect spot to ditch that plane so that it would not be easily found. Someone is going to have to think like that pilot to duplicate his clever decisions.
Deflection of the earth's curvature. I postulated this theory from Day 1. If you could calculate the earth's circumference in that area, then the point of impact would have caused measurable displacement, which could then be converted in the deflection and be triangulated. Anyone, care to back up my theory?
Unfortunately, the displacement is minute compared to the expanses of that part of the ocean. That area is really, really huge!
Why would a single aircraft crashing cause "measurable displacement"?
The missing MH370 jet is been loaded by US with an atomic bomb now. Who will be the victims? The Zionist Jewfascists i US are so cruel determined to kill half the world's population.
How long did it take that Air France jet to surface that went down in the Atlantic?
It took just one day to find debris.
In Air France crash they found Bodies and airplane debris including the Tail Fin in a couple days, Though it took a couple years to find and raise the Flight Data Recorders
How long did it take to find the Titanic? The remoteness of the Indian Ocean in the 21st century is no less great than the remoteness of the Atlantic Ocean in the 20th century.
Spotting debris that has surfaced =/= recovering debris Reading comprehension is free.
Doh! You guys just short circuited Darryl's brain. He's probably going to call you a racist now.
Google is free. That's how I know that the plane went down June 1 and debris was spotted on June 2. Perhaps you should Google before you act a smart #$%$.
This is from Wikipedia: "While the Brazilian Navy removed the first major wreckage and two bodies from the sea within five days of the accident, the initial investigation by France's Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la Sécurité de l'Aviation Civile (BEA) was hampered because the aircraft's black boxes were not recovered from the ocean floor until May 2011, nearly two years later"
It took 3 weeks to find the main portion of the airframe, lol at your dumbness
How long did it take to find Atlantis ?
Convict Aussie is now tired of pretending, playing wild goose chase when it already known of the faith of this. Why Malaysian PM, Najib met with Obama at Hawai after Obama just visited him in KL-Malaysia with no trade deal or any project announced????
It's amazing! With all this technology, they can see a zit on a knat's asz from outerspace ,but yet they can't find a jumbo ket.
It's like trying to find a tea bag republican with a brain.
Spoken like a true progressive Democrat.
You sure do get a lot of thumbs down steve. Why is that?
Unless it found it's way into the Marianas trench? The plane is likely in a hangar somewhere in the middle east being turned into a WMD.
I hope you are wrong but unfortunately I am afraid you are right.
no way. it flew in one direction and then made a u-turn? not enough fuel to make it there. and then it would've been seen on radar coming back.
Stop the pointless search! Satellites comb every inch of the globe 24x7 so the whereabouts of this plane are known to US, China, and Russia. Question remaining is why it was diverted.
No, there is satellite coverage, but it is not continuous everywhere. Also satellites cannot see debris that is underwater unless it is only in very shallow water.
It will show up again. It may be a trial run for 100 to happened at the same time. Obama and his associates have killed the USA.
I'd worry about your silly postings while high, Marry.
Don't tell CNN, they don't want it's ratings to go down...
No debris has been found anywhere....why do you suppose that is? And why were the transponders deliberately shut off?
Joseph wins the most asinine post of the day award.
On which part, Joseph? (Although, technically, the burden of proof is really on you since you made the statement).
You failed to answer my question, Joseph, so go back to your swivel chair and boost your ego.
I'm disappointed, Joseph. I'm supposed to take what you say as fact when you offer no proof? You are correct, though, about jet fuel not burning hot enough to melt steel, but nobody ever claimed the steel was melted; only distorted. Have a nice day.
It'll turn up..just when we least expect it!
It already did, was shot down with the numbers changed to M17 for the Ukraine psyop. They needed a passenger plane to sell the propaganda event that Russia shot down a commercial airliner to apply more pressure and get the world community to come together and denounce Russia, sanction them, etc. Do people really think it was just a coincidence that one plane completely disappears and then just months later a plane from the exact same airline gets shot down which fit great into our Ukraine agenda? Another red flag was the sheer amount of coverage CNN gave it for like a month straight trying to steer people into all sorts of different directions as to what probably happened to the plane. An event like that only stays focused on that long when they need to sell disinformation on what occurs so people brush it off and don't connect any dots when the plan for that aircraft was seen in action just months later.
Seriously..... it's been a year? Wow, how time flies.
ISIS will recycle it as soon as Obama releases a couple more 'pilots.'
Hard to believe it's been a year since this happened. I just want them to find something so we can put this to bed. If it's been hijacked and is sitting at some remote location to be used later in some bigger plan, we need to figure it out before it's too late.
As long as I am not paying for it they can search all they want.
Thanks Australia, youve done all you can. I dont think its in the ocean.
why is australia paying for any of it.
Where are all of the conspiracy theorists..."it was intercepted by aliens", "Kim Jong Un has it hidden in North Korea", "Malaysian Airlines if holding it to sell it back - for a big ransom" How can the theorists just let this go?
It'll be "found" someday flying over a city around the world with a payload of something...
Perhaps, you should stop looking in the ocean...
Exactly! And start looking around the dark side of the moon.
@David....Or, it's in a hangar in Kazakhstan under the watchful eye of Borat's mother.
Hard to even say, but I think we will see this eventually....in the air..planned for destruction of their target!
I don't think you should compare this plane's disappearance to that of he hunt for missing aviation pioneer Amelia Earhart, who disappeared in 1937.
I said it then...I'll still say it now. That plane is on the dry ground somewhere at a very remote airfield.
Its in a hangar in Syria somewhere being fitted with nukes probably. How does an entire passenger jetliner dissapear without so much as a floating napkin?
... how do you propose it got into Syria during an active war situation, with multiple radars from countries that don't like one another...
It would be a heck of a lot easier to buy an old Tupolev from Russia to do that than to commandeer a commercial Boeing jet and conceal it somehow from the rest of the world. You are a dbag.
How does an entire passenger jetliner dissapear without so much as a floating napkin? Maybe look at a map and see how big the Indian Ocean is. We'll just have to wait with baited breath for that nuclear attack......(rolls eyes)......any day now
How do you know for sure?
of a lighter or a cushin, or a half empty bottle of shampoo, something.
if the pilot is skilled enough in gliding an aircraft, he could glide into a landing but it still would sink. time permitting.. the plane could glide for another 100 or more miles depending on altitude and glide ratio. which means, the signals from the engine stops, the pilot could have flown I a great distance in another direction!
They did a good job trying the past year, time to hang it up, not easy finding that needle in the haystack.
And like one of the searchers said, "we haven't even found the haystack".
Someday it will be found. We have had planes missing for 70 years and found. Fossett crashed in California and it took over a year to find his plane.
The plane is there, those peoples families deserve answers if you have to search forever.
You mean they've been pouring good money over bad all this time??
Yeah its time to giveup. No need to keep finding a plane that is missing for a long time. Its a waste time, effort, and money.
With all the technology in this world and this plane can't be found, sick!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I agree. I would not have believed before MH370 that a commercial jetliner could just disappear even over the ocean without a reasonable idea of where it was at the time of the disappearance. And I still can't believe that GPS signals are not now required to be regularly sent out to a tracking station somewhere.
The "reality' of this is, the plane was high-jacked! Even with the disappearance of 8501, there WAS wreckage! This was a terrorist act and we won't find out about it until too late!
@Ike: Is that "noids" put together? You're a moron!
@Susan: so, when there is a "dirty" bomb put on a plane . . . it will be "too late"!
The box quit working because it's black.
see, in today's society, that would be funny if it were about a white guy.
I suspect you are trolling for a response, so I have responded. Congratulations!
by tracking pings from what I would surmise was the satphone antenna of the aircraft they were able to surmise a huge arc where the aircraft was said to have traveled...they have focused on the southern end of the arc only....if memory serves, the northern end of the arc put the aircraft somewhere over afghanistan...makes you wonder if we're looking in the wrong end of the arc....
CNN will keep searching and when they find it......Brian Williams will have been on it the whole time....
Obviously well past the battery life of "black boxes"
transponders were turned off and not a single piece of wreckage has been found. this plane didn't just crash into the ocean.
Might as well call it off. But, will it show up again, headed for Israel, Europe, or, the top target, the evil Great Satan itself, the United States. Time will tell.
I have reason to believe they were looking in the wrong place.
Matt Siegel needs to return to journalism school. It's not "between" Australia, China and Malaysia....it's "among."
Tonight it was official the search and rescue for flight MH370 was called off. I declared this @ 10:39 E.S.T. Do not stay tuned.
All the fruitbats are out tonight.
You mean to tell me that their STILL wasting time and money on that?
What a shame, I was hoping there would be some closure for the families of the victims. Given time, I'm sure the plane will be found. RIP to all who were aboard the flight.
In the belly of a UFO or in Kim Kardashians booty!
This jet is harder to find than Obamas birth certificate.
this one is not obama's fault....maybe
You will get no agreement on that one from the tea pots.
There was not a Agis destroyer in the area? They track everything.
If no signs of the aircraft have been found by now there never will be any. Something is missing with. Common sense would say that there would be some type of evidence to show.
better in an ocean than in some cemetery and covered with trash and weeds except maybe a few days a year--that is why I wish to be cremated and my ashes strewn in the ocean
one day in the future,,something will be found on a beach somewhere,belonging to the MH370
this plane is in a hanger having a atomic bomb installed inside and being painted in air france colors. It will be going to the usa or Israel or uk. This plane got stolen and our gov wont tell anyone.
And if our military knows where it is, they sent in a special forces team and they killed them all and destroyed the plane. Sure seems weird they can't find a plane that size out there.
@daniel... You're another conspiracy theorist that WANTS MH370 to be used for a delivery system for nuclear weapons.
@james I don't want it to happen but if and when it does, remember who told you.
We'll see it again soon, when it enters someones airspace with a nuke.......
right tin foil hats for everyone...ohh oh there are black escalades coming your way Gir...
@Gir... It is an awful lot of planning to hijack, fly MH370 thousands of miles off course, disappear, keep hidden and eliminate the passengers just to get a nuke where you want it. Wouldn't it be a lot easier to build a nuke, shield it, place it in a cargo container, ship it to just about deep water port in the world, off load it onto a trailer, and take it to any major city in the world? No...those that think this aircraft is still intact, think the sky is falling.
An awful lot of planning? When would that be a deterrent to acquire a 260 million dollar plane for the cost of some planning? Whoever would have that plane now has a deadly air force capable of global flight. Ship a nuke in a container. idiot.
Why would you need a 777 to carry a nuke, when a DC3 could do the job?
Why would they need such a big plane
Talk about vanishing without a trace--very scary & pretty amazing.
Of course they can't find it! The ocean is so big and the plane is so small!
The plane is safe underground in a mountain in VA
not forever, just until 370 is found. it's looking more and more like the plane landed somewhere.
Why? no one really cares anymore. Time to move on.
I can't believe it's been a year since this happened.
End the search until the pieces are found it took them 7 plus years to find the AIr France flight it will take years to find this plane in the ocean
Um..that's not true. They knew where it was it was just soo deep took a while to get the right equipment to recover the boxes. They had found wreckage within a day
The found air France in a day are you really saying that and just erasing all history
I'm saying Bob you don't know what you're talking about. From the the wiki on the accident: "While the Brazilian Navy removed the first major wreckage and two bodies from the sea within five days of the accident, the initial investigation by France's Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la Sécurité de l'Aviation Civile (BEA) was hampered because the aircraft's black boxes were not recovered from the ocean floor until May 2011, nearly two years later."
Safe and Sound in the hands of a "Work Place Violence Group". OH, sorry................................................................ "Radical Islamist Terrorists." Where will it show up next???????????????????? Maxx
it avoided indonesian airspace under intelligent control
Now that the whole earth is remapped... the evidence of a plane does not exist... ... Hoax or Myth?
For those of you Yahoo Apes who can't believe they haven't found anything, do you even have any idea how big the ocean is and how small any debris would be? Man, the way some people THINK...
Its in the past or in the future, but it is not here.
FLASH! Just in, news of obama's illegal aliens keep rolling in: "Fresno parolee accused of trying to carjack mom with kids"
I wonder how much money we are wasting looking for it? Why doesn't china step up and fund the whole thing? It was most of their people.Oh,I forgot,china doesn't give a rip about their people.
When you look in the wrong place you won't find what you are seeking and frankly they don't want to find that aircraft
Something quite odd was happening aboard that flight, when Transponders start going down 1 by 1 they are being turned off, not failing that Aircraft is intact somewhere but the passengers are now dead killed by whom ever took it
akagi did you read the scripture?
I thought China shot it down with their new stealth fighter.
Whatever happened to, "We'll look for it until hell freezes over"....Austrialia said something like that when the flight first disappeared.....It all comes down to cost, doesn't it? And I agree with it. It's not their responsibility. But they shouldn't make ridiculous statements and then not deliver.
they said they will not rest until they find the them plane, now they say they are going to called off. and now I truly believe they will rest
It's my sincere prayer that they find the jet! The families deserve answers and closure of some kind! They are out there, we just have to find them... eventually they will crop up! Godspeed!
the plane didnt fall into the ocean. its on land somewhere.
WOW, I forgot all about this stupid plane and cannot believe they are still wasting money and time looking for it.
If your loved ones disappeared, would you want them to just give up? Here, I'll answer this for you: UH UH UH...
Well, if you have children, make sure you tell them tonight, "Kids, if you vanished, after a short time I'd give up all hope". They'll love you forever.
its not in the ocean start looking other places NOTHING IS ADDING UP WITH THIS STORY they are not telling everything even their explanations of how it might have got there dosent add up
I know a friend who has a friend that watched this on TV when it happened. Truth is stranger than fiction.
They still search for Amelia Earhart....??!!!
It didn't crash in the ocean. . . Something would have been found. I'm afraid we will not know what happened to it, until whoever hijacked it wants us to know where it is. . .
The Plane Landed Safely A Jerry Garcia Field
What will CNN do for news coverage??
stopping the search is no different than giving up on American people, which thru my eyes would be a complete tragedy
do you really think there are survivors ?
Time to call in Mulder and Scully!
it's interesting there must be a planet size worth of junk at the bottom of the world's oceans
The plane did not crash. It was stolen and is sitting in a country ending in stan.
When in history a search has been conducted this long.... The truth would be nice.
You mean they're still looking for it??
you have to call off search , so Putin can use it in his Grand scheme
YOU NEED TO BE LOOKING FOR THE PLANE IN THE SOUTH CHINA SEA. THAT IS WHERE IT WENT DOWN.
Well, they gave it the ol' college try.
more like you clearly do not have the correct equiptment it is either obsolete or its clearly all by design
Leave it now to those who enjoy searching for lost things at sea
they dont even care! we cant search for ever? #$%$! they didnt have to state that!
At the beginning someone said " We Will Find That Plane"------Now "We Can't Find The Plane"
Can't believe it's already been a year
All of you conspiracy idiots watch too much television.
I'd like to know how many atheists were on that plane. Get too many in one place and bad things always seem to happen. History proves that.
Someday they'll find the plane in perfect condition somewhere out in the dessert and the crew&passengers at Devils Tower Wyoming
We need to add GPS devices which cannot be disabled to every plane.
We are still looking for Amelia's Plane and it has been over 70 years!!!!! MH370 DID NOT CRASH INTO THE OCEAN! THAT IS A FACT! NOT DEBEE OF ANY KIND, NO SEAT CUSHIONS NOT LIFE-VEST NOTHING THAT WOULD FLOAT AFTER A WATER CRASH HAVE BEEN FOUND! So it is on land! maybe in a hanger all intact! We will find it someday!
About time! These people are "Fish Food" by now.
If you can't find it I guess you just can't find it.
Hunt should have been stoped months ago. Waste of $$$$$$$$$$$$$ no one cares and nothing would have come of it. #$%$ let the sea rest and sharks eat.
It's in Israel-lie, someone on YouTube has matched the serial numbers.
When is obama going to invite Putin to our White House?
God Bless them for having tried this long ...
seriously folks this plane is at the bottom of the ocean and where this plane disappeared average depth is around 2 miles.....the pressure at that depth would leave virtually no trace,,,,the safety records for airplanes around this part of the world is not very good ...look on the net....just sorry for the families of the people that was on the plane....
ol richard quasar quest is still on the case for cnn - lol.....all right good night....anyway, no fckuing way NOBODY knows where it is....
I'm not saying it was extraterrestrials.. but it was extraterrestrials
Ah, news flash, the plane was hi-jacked.
Ok, thanks. So where is it?
Poor MH370.. Maybe someday we will find you. Condolences.
With all the info on the engine tracking by their mfg'r, they don't know ?? Seems goofy...
What, I say, what took you so long?
The plane is fine...the passengers arent.
The search should have been ended a long time ago. Someone is milking this for a lot of money.
I feel for all those who have lost their loved ones and friends.
Maybe the plot for the film "Millennium" is true !!
Where are Mulder and Skully when you need them?
Give the job to Robert Ballard, he'll find it!
you search until you find it period !!
"We clearly cannot keep searching forever..." Well, you have, and in all the wrong places.
When you are looking for some item, and do not find it, that means that you are looking in the wrong place.
MH 370 One of the great MYSTERIES !!!
I still have doubts as to whether or not the plane is at the bottom of the sea. If it is, it's sad we haven't found it and the families and loved ones left behind will not have closure. But if it isn't...well, let's just say that's an even bigger thing to worry over....
Like I said a year ago. Their graves are in the ocean.... RIP.
Where have you been the last year?
Sometime the Mystery is never solved ..if it serves a purpose !. We are in an era of Great Myth making ..this is one big One!.
I hate to think the Old Ghost Plane theory may have been used once again!
It will show up again when it's used as a bomb on Israel or the US!!!
Search this: Uninterruptible Autopilot. Boeing. Patents. Diego Garcia.
"pray for MH370" LOL @ the power of prayer. Keep praying guys, God is too busy making sure that Susie Smith in America can afford her cellphone bill this month. Meanwhile, I'm praying that my dog's farting spell ends soon. Amen.
That's disgusting,the power of prayer is stronger than you might think....
Flight MH370 took a detour into the Twilight Zone thus will never be found.
Check in Mars! That plane might be there!
may be located in the TWITLIGHT ZONE..
ITS IN 30,000 FT OF WATER PROBABLY IN A TRENCH WHERE WE CANT SEE OR HEAR IT OR KNOW WHERE IN THAT AREA
THE PILOT WAS WATCHING 50 SHADES OF GREY WHEN HE VEERED OFF COURSE BEACUSE HE GOT EXCITED THAT HE DIDNT KNOW WHERE HE WAS ITS NO WONDER WE CANT FIND HIM
let china search for their own citozens
I don't think it's in the water. I think it is one of those Islamic countries. They are waiting for most people to forget the plane.
Why? they have thousands of there own planes, same models and everything.
might as well, it ain't there
It's in the Sea of Tranquility
Like you knew what was going on....
Yes I did: all on board are dead. End of story!
I won't argue that. I don't believe the plane crashed, but I'll agree they're all dead.
The Langoliers got the plane, chomp chomp chomp chomp.
I thought it was called off months ago!
I know where it's at but I can't tell you
How wil the l hunt EVER be over??? A humungous plane vanishes and you say the hunt is over? With all the technology today!!! That's like saying we have solved the JFK assassination and the case is closed!!! B.S....
It's about time. They are looking in the wrong place. It was hijacked and flown to Kazakhstan. Russia is behind this. Do some research, people.
It was actually the airplane that Russia shot down over Ukraine!
Which has nothing at all to do with this story.
This plane is not missing. It has just been "relocated" to Iran or other muslim country and is being "remodeled" to carry bombs or else to put to some other destructive use.
You know what makes even less sense? Me neither!
it will turn up with some nukes on it. from who. ? to who. ? only time will tell
Should have been called off a long time ago.
If this plane had crashed into an ocean,something would've reached the surface,no way in hell it crashed in an ocean!
Maybe they should be looking at fleets with a freshly painted Boeing 777-200 in rogue countries.
this just very likely might end up forever remaining a mystery
From what I'm hearing ....it's somewhere in Putin's backyard ! Look next too that mansion he "didn't" build with those Russian Rubles he didn't embezzle. He probably uses it to get around in the vastness of Mother Russia.Sort like the Trump Jet.
it never went missing in the first place
Save money and time, just inspect the hangars of the US Diego Garcia secret base. Its there.LOL
I think the plane was "abducted" by aliens.... It's probably on it's way to Alpha Centari, by now.
I wish you were joking. Unfortunately, this is the way the GOP mindset works.
Has anyone checked Putin's garage for this missing plane?
they never wanted to find it in the first place
Not really. No one really cared anyway. Just a bunch of dead #$%$.
offer 50 million dollars to anyone that finds it.
That is not even close to enough. Make it a billion and you will find it.
You may want to try looking in Iran or Southern Russia.
another crazy muslim who felt the need to take a bunch of people out with him. what's new?
to all the down voters...go watch the Air crash investigation documentary about the Malaysian flight. the most intelligent people in the field say it was the pilot. all other explanations don't add up. that's exactly what it was. a nut job Islamic who had a death wish. truth hurts.
Waste of money and resources. Everyone is dead. Move on.
We will never find out about it unless CIA is going to tell us.
this flight landed long time ago
Its not in the ocean. It is fully intact and ready to fly into a building.
hmmmm ..........you dont suppose this airplane is crashed on a island for a sequel to the t.v. series " Lost" ....??? Just add this to all the other wacko theories of being hijacked to some secret air strip nearby to simply have an airplane to set up for the next 911 What ever.....it ran out of fuel, did a nose dive, and the rest is another chapter of what is in Davy Jones Locker.
Plane never went thousands of miles off course. It hit the ocean where they first lost contact. They are looking in the wrong ocean
we might not have found it. but I bet some terrorist group will bring it back one day. I don't think any good country would have done this...but China, russia is already proven it will shoot down a plane. or some isis groups too.... and by the way, obama is a threat to the USA, you better believe it 100 %~!!!!!!! he needs to be in prison with all of his sons..... muslim slime ball black , isn't he from Nigeria?
No daisy - he is not from Nigeria. He was born in Hawaii. Are you from Earth?
The plane was carrying several top Chinese scientists and now you know why it was kidnapped
Innocent people had to die it's true that's the price of war
Most likely muslims got the plane and will use it to launch hydrogen bomb
They should start putting a missing photo of the plane on milk cartons, with a message that reads "Have You Seen Me?"
it sucks to call it off, but there is only so much you can do.....that being said, upgrade the aircraft, upgrade your radar.....the airlines are so sorry this happened...well do something...you got record profits.....the consumer bailed you out before.....make it right by them and not your stockholders
maybe the mothership will return MH370 sometime in the future
could have a lot to do with the fact that it LANDED, which would be why it's not being found in WATER.
I do believe that's it's been captured myself. It shouldn't take a year of finding a plane in the ocean on where they think it might have landed. I believe someone hijacked it and it's hiding somewhere on a hanger.
I'll bet the MOSSAD & the CIA knows where the plane is!
This was a murder-suicide by one of the flight deck members.
I am now 100% convinced that this plane was highjacked I mean one year now and not one piece of wreckage found floating in the ocean? Seriously?? Plane was never near the water! it was highjacked!
Somebody stole that plane. It's not that far-fetched. If it had crashed in the water there would have been debris floating.
I suggest a detailed analysis of all radio traffic at the time for keyword "Akbar" and triangulate.
what a colossal waste of money that could be spent on LIVING people in need
the plane was seized for future false flag operations by the u.s. government and the people are in military laboratories being experimented on. jebus people. its not really all that complicated
You are an absolute idiot. No doubt about it.
now JAN, that wasn't a very nice thing to say now was it? I though the internet for for a FREE and OPEN exchange of idea's?
the plane was seized for future false flag operations by the u.s. government and the people are in military laboratories being experimented on. jebus people. its not really all that complicated.
as soon as the search is offically called off flight 370 will fly out of diego-garcia and stored somewhere else for a later use in an attack
what the hell australia , you said you would not stop until you found it . are you a bunch of liars like your masters the americans ?
Australia didn't SAY they were going to cease ALL search efforts, just scale them back. Looks like the liar is you, Paulie.
says blob the feeble minded idiot american . blob is like most americans and has a severe problem with the truth .
It will never be found. Get real. Area 51 does not exist. Neither does government cover up.
WOW - that was a year ago? RIP souls...
just like 'old antique cars'...50 years from now..someone is going to find the 777 quietly sitting in some 'barn'...passengers and all..dusty..paint peeling...but restorable
Was there ever any dought of this ending?
not one single seat cushion, cup, hat, suitcase...nothing at all....its makes me think maybe its was hijack to some country or landed in a island somewhere waiting to recue....just my thought
the plane never existed, fake, just like boston bombing, just like sandy hook
Freelance journalist: ‘Hijacked flight 370 passenger sent photo from hidden iPhone tracing back to secret U.S. military base Diego Garcia’
(pssst... Diego Garcia is a BRITISH naval base with America interests. And it's not a secret.) BTW, as part of it's communications security, there are no commercial cell phone towers on Diego Garcia... that means NO personal cell phones will work there. There's also no WIFI, Bucky.
Quit wasting money on a wild goose chase. What's the point?
We're still talking about this? They are dead. It's George Bush's fault. God doesn't exist. ShitHappens. Case closed.
Pretty crazy that not one article of floating debri was been found. It make you wonder if the CIA really has this plan hidden on a remote island with Elivs & Marolyn Monroe.
Perhaps we will find it if it flies into a building.
This boat was hijacked by that George Bush guy. He hijacked the boat so he could part out on ebay to raise funds so that he could unfreeze VP Cheyney from his cryptic lair on Antarctica so they could funnel no bid contracts to the Halley Burton. No one new about the plan except the Koch sisters.
Having one of those kind of days I see....
Despite a few glitches here and there, we still offer low fares everyday.
Give it up, folks, it's not there.
I believe it can't be found because it is hidden and will be used later for hostage payments.
It will be found some day by some sub but until then, they should just give it a rest.
Some things are lost and never found...
McCoy: Suppose they went nowhere? Kirk: Then this will be your big chance to get away from it all. It's time to put a GPS locator on all airplanes, that can't be turned off from the cockpit or avionics bay... put the switch outside, on the tail, so you'd need a ladder to reach it.
They have been looking in the wrong place. They should be looking north, not south.
Muslim suicide pilot crashes plane. Would anyone in his right mind fly on a plane, knowing the pilot was a Muslim?
where is the Chinese financial contribution in all of this? I would think they would be paying more than the Australians....
Of course they haven't found it. They're looking in the wrong place.
someone stole it, plane and simple.
mark my word its in IRAN
Were there no cell phone calls from the 239 passengers on flight MH370?
Nope..they wouldn't have worked anyway unless they landed somewhere with service. They don't work over water or above a few thousand feet over land that has coverage
Marge, do we still have that 777 you picked up on eBay?
CIA told aussie lackeys to stand down ,getting too close to the sabotage evidence
who cares it was filled with muslim terrorists
I hope another muslim filled jet falls from the sky
CIA knows exactly where it is. Everybody else who knows signed a non-disclosure agreement. Nothing to see here, folks, move right along kiddies....
Mothership Hijacked flight 370. Don't wait for it. They went home..."E.T. goes Home".
Hey...haven't you heard the latest b.s. coming out of western corporate media.mh370 was personally hijacked by PUTIN...the airliner is currently in Kazakstan...according to cnn and fox.Very respectable and objective news outlets.
Diego Garcia...the US government has it there.
sorry to say , it was never meant to be found !! its one big cover up for what ever reason !! to many questions and never enough answers !!!
i hope it wasnt hijacked. somebody could turn that jet into a h-bomb delivery vehicle real easily. you put it back in the air and pay off an air traffic controller and boom. dont think this couldnt happen in a world where a little 4th rate country like n.korea threatens to start world war 3..every week
Search called off because you are searching in the wrong place.The plane crashed on land,or not where you are looking.
remember CNN spent 2 months chasing "pings" in the ocean?.....afterwards, they reported a thugs false accusation against an honest cop in Ferguson and caused an entire city to burn down!......CNN, thats REAL faux news for ya!
Not everyone has a guaranteed income that means they have to work for a living! Sorry this plane crashed, I hope the insane pilot regrets crashing it! The dead regret their mistakes.
"the dead regret their mistakes"??? Says who?
I'm sure they do. It's not about says who. They have no choice!
Has anyone thought to look in the Middle East ?
It should have ended after 60 days... Why are we still dragging this story out? Move on. Plane goes down, can't find jack for 60 days, call it off and move on with your lives.
Tinfoil hats.......get your tinfoil hats here......$19.99 tinfoil hats......tinfoil hats.........get your tinfoil hats here........
when I here the phrase "religious fundamentalists" I think, Amish
I hope ISIS has the jet. You can fill in the blanks. Same to EWE!
I guess i would say that a year is not very long. They should at least search for 5 years and at least cover the oceans within flying range of the plane. Where are they searching on land? There should be massive search efforts on land over China, Malaysia, etc.
They should look in Al Capones vault
They are looking in the wrong place and will never find the plane that is in the twilight zone!
NOT in The Indian Ocean.....it's in the Bay of Bengal.....Where it was Reported to have gone Down by Fishermen....but Never Checked or Verified......Sometimes Technology can Give False Data ....which led the Search of Indian Ocean
It's at Balkanlar. Where have you been?
nine down votes? Putin is paying his shills overtime!
The men are ugly as sin and the women are hot for 20 minutes
Is it being prep for future flight? We should be concern. Unless we know what happen.Quit the hunt so soon odd.Any way there heart was not in it.Just lots of T V coverage at the start,to make it look good.Not many or none, Americans on flight. We don't seem concern why?
They are with the rest of the "Lost" cast on an island somewhere, saving the world.
PLEASE FIND IT just to shut up all the theorists. Sick of them.
But we have been searching for Amelia Earhart and her airplane for 75 years....!!, oh wait...only white people matters.
...What is the point of continuing to make self-reply accounts? What are you accomplishing? What money are you making? What service are you providing?
I'm not sure if you are aware of this or not but... We found Amelia Earhart's plane recently. Also, the United States was not spending vast amounts of time, money, and manpower searching for Earhart, not after the first few months. Technically speaking more was done to locate this plane than was done to find Earhart, officially anyway.
Jess go hide and don't come out until we find you....
Jess.. everyone of your posts are just "plane" stupid especially your add on's to your own comment... YOU ARE AN IDIOT.
Concerned, FYI - they are not sure it is Amelia's plane or not...
@MJ well true, but it's almost certain at this point. They found wreckage were everyone already thought Amelia was, the wreckage is from the time frame, the wreckage looks very similar to part of her plane. It's not 100% yet, but it looks like the real deal anyway and on top of that they are planning on investigating what they believe is her plane at the bottom of 200 meters of water soon.
""We know that in 1940 British Colonial Service officer Gerald Gallagher recovered a partial skeleton of a castaway on Nikumaroro. Unfortunately, those bones have now been lost," Gillespie said. The archival record by Gallagher suggests that the bones were found in a remote area of the island, in a place that was unlikely to have been seen during an aerial search. A woman's shoe, an empty bottle and a sextant box whose serial numbers are consistent with a type known to have been carried by Noonan were all found near the site where the bones were discovered. "The reason why they found a partial skeleton is that many of the bones had been carried off by giant coconut crabs. There is a remote chance that some of the bones might still survive deep in crab burrows," Gillespie said." PLUS now they have what they believe to be part of her actual plane, an aluminum piece of sheet metal that has the same marking patterns as one for that type of plane. It's pretty compelling.
MJ and what do you think they found? a japanese airplane?
Amelia should have been home baking cookies and this wouldn't have happened.
Amelia was a Khamikaze pilot, just like John McCain
Obama shot this plane down and the one over Ukraine.. Bush / Cruz 2016
Jim Bob was the result of inbreeding between his mother and brother.
Cold as it may seem to say, the search should have been called of quite some time ago.
all you need to know about this is that the plane didn't crash, the US government hijacked it for the Rothchild family.
everyone is thinking it went down in the ocean has anyone even bothered looking for it on these remote islands? Just sayin--
Remember we are The Goonies and Goonies Chase at 3.0% cash back hasselback together.
corky are the voices fighting in your head?
Well, now I think solved also the Amelia Earhart mystery too, same copycat dynamics.... or the Hybrids Abducted her in a ship waiting in the Bermuda Triangle (The Devil's Triangle or the Speed Demon's Seeing Eye Triangle).
oh here we go again, corky solving something else hahahahahaha that 5th grade chemistry set is amazing
The plane is on land somewhere! When certain leaders say something, they often meant another. Clue is to check records!
Has anyone thought to look in Russia??
I thought they had found small pieces of it. What are they still looking for?
the CIA tracks planes all the time all over the world , either they are involved in its disappearance or know who is and where it is
It's hard to look when you have squinty eyes.
UFO's have carried it off into space land ! you fools ............
Mass alien abduction. Until they discover the crash site.....That's as plausible a theory as all the rest. The plane isn't sitting somewhere in Pakistan, or Kazakhstan or Iran. The passengers are not being held captive.
the big lie comes to an end....
This is starting to look more and more like a conspiracy. How is it possible that a plane cannot be tracked? It makes sense. They plan for this to happen, "search" for it for a year to make it look like there was an effort, then just let it go. Someone knows what happened to it.
There's no radar over the ocean, and no cell phone towers to track cell phones. Radar has a maximum range of 250km. That means that NO ground radar can see ANYTHING when it's further than 250 miles off the coast.
ol richard quasar quest is still searching for it....all right good night....cnn loved that plane:)
I've flown this type of aircraft many times. They are a 5itch to handle.
All I can say is that I hope they find it before the search is called off.....it doesn't look as though that's going to happen.....because, they're looking in the wrong place.....that plane did not crash in the ocean...it's on land..
It took about 73-years to find the Titanic, so they will probably find it sometime in 2088.
If most of the victims were Australian or American the search wouldn't stop until it was found
Malaysian should keep searching till they are broke
they are looking in the wrong place....look in the Mid-East!!
75% OF THE WORLD IS WATER .... good luck with that
MY GOD, THE WASTE OF MONEY.
Proving the slanty Muslims did it, and now are making sure it cannot be brought up again.
It's sitting intact , a the bottom of the ocean.............
It's at the US Air force Base over in the Island just found the research on it today,I fully believe it and since we haven't found ANY plane parts I believe that better than the plane went down at SEA!!!!!! Our Government knows what really happened and they know if the people are dead or ALIVE!!!!!
Wow. Rants such as this always get muted by me.
I told them how to find it when it went missing, but they wouldn't listen. it was so simple, scan the ocean for soy sauce and egg noodle slick. just think of how many egg rolls could have been saved
if you can't find the plane within 36 hours, stop looking.
Secret Underground Cave of flight MH370, we'll that explains why in Pokemon Ruby or Sapphire after you get the Lilycove City the secret message of Free Masons hiding Captain Stern's submarine in the cave... bingo;-). lol
Once the "Lost" plane is laden with explosives, it will be North Korea's New Weapon of choice !!!!
the freaking moslims took the plane
It landed somewhere and as we speak is being prepped by CIA and Mossad for an event that will take us into WWIV.
cia knows where the plane is
no need for aluminium foil hat since the NSA cracked your hard drive and sim card, you idiot.
So there's not one person on a cell phone or internet that can't be tracked down??
It is a shame for all the family of the passengers lost, as appears they are not going to at least have some kind of closure. They are right, in that the search can not go on forever. Too time-consuming as well as very costly. I hope it is found one day, but likely will be by sheer chance. The families of the lost ones need to come to some kind of acceptance soon, and try to move on with their own lives.
It will be a second tragedy if this mystery remains just that. I hope the wreckage is found in the next few weeks before the search is suspended.
Well according to another article they have been searching 100 miles wide of the mark.
These countries are able to spend $160m each on a Jet Fighter but are unable to commit $100m to continue the search of a Passenger Jet with over 200 Souls to find out why it disappeared.
We're still confident we can find MH370 said submarine search co-ordinator Gandeep Undawatter.
Thumbs downtime for me perhaps today. Consider the cost of searching the 1.1 million square miles, lets say estimate £1,000 a square mile (sounds reasonable, given you have to pay for a ship, crew, specialist equipment, land based support, helicopter supplies, returning to base for fuel and so on), that is 1.1 billion.. so if the search was called off I am sure that some of this money coul be used to ease the families suffering. What is 300 (approx number of families) into £1.1 Billion? That is a lot of easing of suffering. So cancel the search, leave it as a mystery. Aliens took the plane. Second thought though, what a resource the world is getting, a 3d map of the ocean floor that would never have been produced. Put it on Google I think, then imagine the geographers going mental with delight
Have you noticed the comments sections are disappearing on Yahoo articles and most articles have turned into short videos.They do not want you to comment on anything important, not that Yahoo covers many important issues.
You cant have an indefinite search, it has to be unfortunately called off at some point. At some point something will be found and again unfortunately the bodies will have long been fish food so only bones will be found. I also think that although all this tech. has been used to find the plane, you can almost guarantee that some local fisherman will be the first [erson to come across something thats been washed closer to land.
Why will no one accept tat this plane was hijacked and is now repainted and hidden somewhere ready for the next terrorist atrocity. The people on board did not stand a chance anyway in the hands of terrorists.
Amelia Earhart's was found eventually though, partly because they knew roughly where to look as it was supposedly a spy mission she was on. Something will turn up one day but whether it will solve the mystery, who knows?
One day In the future someone will find it.
But will they recognise it for what it was?
I wondered what that plane was doing in my back garden.
LOL. You wouldn't even spot it in my back garden - I've been a little neglectful lately and the grass would have grown over it.
Not a joke that would go down well in Lockerbie, methinks.
I don't believe either one of us was talking about a catastrophic plane crash. My thought was more a reference to the conspiracy theory, i.e. it being hidden there. I flew over the Lockerbie area, going from Heathrow to L.A., not long after the crash and it was a sobering moment, even though we couldn't see anything. No disrespect intended.
corky is asking questions in his brain, typing them here, and is so totally lost-did he get electric shock therapy while committed for 8 days?
kookoocorky is giving his alter ego a break, the voices must have told him, or the clown he locked in his closet
hopefully be committed again for a longer period of time
I still think that MH370 landed somewhere to be "used" at a later date.
Wait did this really happen was it really true.anybody who likes a good Conspiracy Theory will have a heyday with this....
The Ocean where the plane went down is at places 6 kilometers deep !!!! If the plane went down that deep it will take probably another year or so or lost forever ??
America and Russia have cctv on the entire world they know what's happened the real question is why are they hiding it
Not sure about Russia, but China has been incredibly muted, given the US seem to be prime candidates for knowing exactly what happened.
How strange that a plane goes down in the sea & their is no wreckage.
Clearly they did not get enough beaters on the ground to look for it.
Of course someone knows where this plane has disappeared to, but they are not telling and question is why !?
Now they are looking for Amelia Earhart's plane which vanished in 1937 ! what a bunch of Plonkers, 370 is some sort of cover up by the US or Boeing, its only a pity Blair was not on it !...
Why would the USA want to cover it up? If the intelligence agencies of all the countries involved in the search thought the aircraft had been hijacked and landed somewhere, why would they spend so much time and money? P.S. Why are you picking on Blair after all this time? From all the junkie magazines we read over here, I would imagine you'd have wanted Camilla on board.......
Blair would've been on it, but he got tipped off……
".....two-engine aircraft legendary aviator Amelia Earhart was piloting when she vanished on July 2, 1937 in a record attempt to fly around the world at the equator." corky get something right or better yet go get that medication so you won't have to be committed again
He ain't moving out. She's moving three states away the next time he's committed just to get the hell away from him. That poor woman.
And yahoo forgot to mention,that the Dutch investigators say,that the other plane,over ukraine was shot down from air and NOT from the ground,which the british who got the black boxes first nicely swept it under the rug.