It took almost 2 years to find Air France 447, and investigators knew from the beginning more or less where it crashed. With Malaysian 370, all they have is vague simulations, which are based on assumptions that may or may not be accurate. They're no nearer to finding it today than they were the day it went missing. It may take a decade or more to find it, if they ever find it.
I believe they removed the first major wreckage and two bodies from the sea within five days of the Air France 447 crash. However, it did take nearly 2 years to recover the black boxes. I assume thats what you mean, Mike. I agree it will probably be closer to a decade from the crash before they recover the black boxes from MH370.
Once the current sonar search and mapping is done we'll have exhausted all the reasonable means we have to search. Until any new sea floor searching technology arrives, we won't be searching any more.
Gavin, is there any way of knowing how long it'll take to map the Indian Ocean? I figure it will take years. If they use sonar on every foot of the Indian Ocean and map the entire thing, shouldnt we assume they'll find the plane? If that plane is down there I think it reasonable that they will find it.
I didn't study this in school but, was Amelia Earhart's plane ever found?
iwanther, they have a specific search area they are working over, not the entire Indian Ocean. I don't know what their current progress is, but I think they only have months or a year left to complete the search area. They are not going to map the entire Indian Ocean sea floor. The technology they are using is not perfect, and some of the terrain is rough, so it is very possible the sonar devices they are using have already gone over the wreckage of the plane on the bottom and they just didn't identify it.
Since this disaster occurred, I've had more and more reason to suspect that the plane landed, whole and safely, at a Muslim-dominated location, the most likely of which is Banda Aceh. The plane's known course took it right over that land. The inane fact that NOBODY even tried to search there has strengthened my suspicion. I want to be wrong, but so far nothing has come up to get me off that hook. If my thinking is right, this piece that was found might have come from another Boeing 777, perhaps another owned by Malaysia Airlines. After all, Malaysia is a country heavily dominated by Muslims. To get ME off the hook on my suspicions, I'd have to know they have evidence that this piece was NOT planted. One good indicator would be finding other pieces of belongings and wreckage from that plane. The absence of them won't confirm my fears, but would strengthen them. So I'm hoping they WILL find many other pieces of stuff from that plane. There CAN'T have been just one piece. Any kind of death from a plane crash at sea would be vastly better than to be taken hostage by Muslims. Since they're presumed dead, the Muslims could do anything they wanted to do with the passengers, and it wouldn't be pretty. Better that they're at the bottom of the sea somewhere. These families have been through hell, and I wish them the very best. Everything about this plane, from becoming lost to the subsequent investigation, is riddled with cans of worms. Especially the involvement of Malaysia in guiding the search, and their preposterous ways of accommodating the families.
Don't be ridiculous. You are now off the hook. That flapron could not have come from any other plane, since there are NO OTHER 777s missing! They only need "legal proof" which cannot be supported by extrapolation. For the rest of us, it is all that is needed.
You'd have to live in Malaysia (as I am) to see how this country operates. It has problems -- government, infrastructure, politics, corruption -- like any other country on earth. But its history in the past 58 years is one of "paternal control", where the central government (usually the strong man in charge) simply tells everybody what to believe. Up until the early 2000's, this model worked just fine, since the citizenry was generally happy with their lives and what the government provided. But now, in the age of internet and 24-hour global news, the government and ministries find themselves in a world of accountability. They don't have experience with this, in fact they still cling to the old inept ways of edicts and "official information". This is most evident in the way they handled the MH370 disappearance. The whole episode has pushed Malaysia into the world spotlight, and is probably doing more to change the modus operandi than any of the usual political turmoil. Malaysia is putting all its eggs in the "development" basket. It's far behind the western economies (even behind its neighbor, Singapore), but far ahead of some of its closest neighbors. It still operates with an Asian "strong man" mentality when it comes to information management, but it is a free-wheeling technological economy. The economy might be leaping ahead, but the government ministries (military, transportation, aviation), simply haven't kept up with the demands of a modern world. Transparency is always the last democratic principal to arrive. To make up for the technological lag, ministries fall back to the "believe the authority" information model. MH370 has this written all over it. I don't believe there is/was any criminal (or religious) Malaysian conspiracy in either the disappearance or (alleged) cover-up of flight MH370. It's simply the incompetent way things operate here. As for all the Muslim conspiracies, there are extremists in any group, but Malaysia is the last country to condemn wholesale for its Muslim majority. Malaysians of all stripes are bewildered and horrified by the disappearance of MH370.
Looking at a map, MH370 was heading towards Reunion Island when contact was lost. Reunion Island is roughly the same distance as Beijing is from Kuala Lumpur. South Africa is just on the other side of the island. It would seem to me that`s where the plane was heading; hijacked by pirates too inexperienced to factor in things like headwinds to their fuel consumption. Start at the island and work back toward the last contact point & you will find the plane.
You make it sound so easy. But then, you aren't charged with the duty of finding it. There are countless variables to consider, in atmospheric movements as well as ocean currents. There IS one thing I find unavoidable - this plane was the victim of some kind of crime after it took off. There's no way to know who did it or why, though. For that, more evidence is needed, and I hope they find it .
At least we'll have some real experts evaluate the wing and not some poor Malaysian official that couldn't identify his own car keys. So much invalid information came out of Malaysia after the disappearance of the plane last year it wasn't even funny.......seemed like they were just giving their "best guesses."
Their "best guesses" - or worse. I can't attribute all the invalid stuff to simple ineptitude. They have something to hide.
You'd have to live in Malaysia (as I am) to see how this country operates. It has problems -- government, infrastructure, politics, corruption -- like any other country on earth. But its history in the past 58 years is one of "paternal control", where the central government (directed by the strong man in charge) simply tells everybody what to believe. Up until the early 2000's, this model worked just fine, since the citizenry was generally happy with their lives and what the government provided. But now, in the age of internet and 24-hour global news, the government and ministries find themselves in a world of accountability. They don't have experience with this, in fact they still cling to the old inept ways of edicts and "official information". This is most evident in the way they handled the MH370 disappearance. The whole episode has pushed Malaysia into the world spotlight, and is probably doing more to change the modus operandi than any of the usual political turmoil. Malaysia is putting all its eggs in the "development" basket. It's far behind the western economies (even behind its neighbor, Singapore), but far ahead of some of its closest neighbors. It still operates with an Asian "strong man" mentality when it comes to information management, but it is a free-wheeling technological economy. The economy might be leaping ahead, but the government ministries (military, transportation, aviation), simply haven't kept up with the demands of a modern world. Transparency is always the last democratic principal to arrive. To make up for the technological lag, ministries fall back to the "believe the authority" information model. MH370 has this written all over it. I don't believe there is/was any criminal (or religious) Malaysian conspiracy in either the disappearance or (alleged) cover-up of flight MH370. It's simply the incompetent way things operate here. As for all the Muslim conspiracies, there are extremists in any group, but Malaysia is the last country to condemn wholesale for its Muslim majority. Malaysians of all stripes are bewildered and horrified by the disappearance of MH370.
Why are they relying on French "experts"? The plane part is from a Boeing. Why shouldn't Boeing be the one to identify their plane? Makes no sense as each component would be identified with a serial number with more certainty than paint and you can be sure there's some identifying mark on the wing. A 777 sells for $261 million and up. I am sure every piece of that plane is accounted for and listed somewhere before it's sold to airlines. If someone was in the morgue and needed to be identified, the coroners wouldn't call the neighbor of the person they think it is for certainty, they'd want someone with some knowledge of what they were looking at like a family member or dental records or something to be sure.
Exactly. They are looking like idiots.
Boeing technicians are a part of this meeting and are, in fact, involved in this analysis
They're not relying on French experts. They're relying on experts from Boeing, Malaysia, France, Australia, and China.
I am sure Boeing has people there. It was found in French territory and as such becomes their domain. Part numbers and all possibilities of identification will be looked at. This is just poor reporting of all the details.
They knew within the hour of the first phone call if it belonged to MH370, due to the reasons you listed. The delay is because all the suits are lawyering up & preparing their legal options for the coming onslaught of lawsuits. Bet on it.
For years Boeing has had a close connections to almost all major airlines in France, and therefore has plenty of experts qualified to do the job.
How many unaccounted Boeing 777s are there? Last I heard was one.
Just one. This is as good as a DNA match
How many 777 planes have been missing, anyway?
Only five have ever crashed. MH 370 is the only one unaccounted for. If the part is from a 777 it is definitely from MH 370.
All 777 :significant incidents" can be found here. airsafe Boeing 777 plane crashes There are a total of 6. Two of them are MH370 and MH17. Three occurred on the runway. One involved a pilot who had a heart attack over the Atlantic, but the co pilot immediately took over without serious incident.
The French or the 'media' is milking this story. It's so obvious or else these so called sintists are taking a lot of lunch hours!
scientists...................or maybe 'sinstist' was a better choice.
370 is the only one missing. Not that old of a design.
Is it possible for someone to get that same part from a crashed 777, float it in the ocean for at least a year, then help it to "wash up" on that beach? Yes, I admit that sounds far out, but not impossible. The "finding" of a piece of a 777 could be intended to keep searchers focused on the southern ocean. It is known that if a piece of debris from a lost ship or plane washes up ashore, there will inevitably be other pieces, too. I hope they will find many of them. That will put my mind mostly at rest about this plane having fallen into the hands of Muslims.
Unless these pieces routinely fall off Airliners, I'd say it's gotta be from the doomed plane. RIP.
Glad to see the world is finally united behind something important.
Just wait for the blame to start.
Up to the disappearance of flight MH370, there was only one other 777 crash. That was the Asiana flight that came up short at San Francisco airport. The 777 has an impeccable safety record. Therefore, if this flaperon came from a 777 and the only 777 missing is flight MH370, I'm sure it came from that plane.
There are 6 significant 777 incidents. MH17 and MH370 account for two of those. One involved a pilot having a heart attack over the Atlantic with the co pilot taking over without incident. One is the one you mentioned. The other two involve incidents that occurred on the runway. airsafe Boeing 777 plane crashes
One of the relatives was hoping that they'd find the bodies so they could be buried.I really feel sorry for her but the bodies were on the sharks menu if it crashed in the ocean.
Blunt but true. There isn't anything left. The sight is their grave.
I agree with you and posted pretty much the same thing. Now some of the relatives are petitioning for that 800 number to contact about the missing. That is so absurd.
Or creepy crawley things on the bottom
Maybe the relatives just want to see proof of the crash.
Considering it's the entire part, and it's not scorched, I'd say explosion is unlikely. More likely that the plane ditched into the water, and sank, and that sheared off the wing edge and flaps... this was buoyant enough to semi-float around the Indian Ocean, lucky that it hit land, otherwise it might have eventually sunk under the weight of the barnacles...
And I say you are a shill.............dis INFO!!
I don't think the pilot ditched the aircraft, I think he flew until he ran out of fuel and then did a nose dive into the water to make sure everyone died with him.
I guess I could understand why the official announcement is being delayed. But, they already know with 100% certainty if this is MH370 or not. I'm sure Boeing engineers could tell by the initial photos.
You're absolutely correct and I have no idea why they are delaying the report unless they are trying to work out where it came from based on the ocean currents in that part of the world.
Please Read People !! " the wing part was already widely believed to be part of MH370, and experts were looking for "legal evidence.""
"Believed" and "Verified" are two different things. Just because someone "believes" something to be, doesn't make it so.
I agree. Anyone who knows the design of these planes (a Boeing person) could tell in a few seconds if this came from a 777. If it did, it has to be from MH370.
Since there are not other reports of a 777 going down in the Indian Ocean it should certainly be presumed to be MH370. But scientists need to have hard evidence.
USN Vet. I was a Naval airman, if you know anything about aircraft, this part has serial numbers on it, probably duplicated on multiple areas. I do not understand the delay. A good photo or someone firmiliar with this air craft should have already been able to give us a yes or no as to the match. I am baffled by the delay.
It has been in saltwater for over a year - might it be possible those numbers are a bit tough to read? Might it also be possible that they want to have multiple concrete evidence before releasing a statement? It is obviously from the missing plane since no other 777's have been reported missing and not found, correct? But scientists want hardcore proof, not common sense assumptions. People in general want instant answers, which is why there is always so much misinformation surrounding crisis events. You only need to read some of the looney comments here to know that overall, people are not all that intelligent. Thanks for your service - I wanted to be an ATC but the Navy snookered me after enlistment and said my vision wasn't perfect enough so I became a crypto tech instead. Didn't lead to a civilian job but was a great 4 years anyway, including a year on Diego Garcia of all places......
Now I am not much of an expert when it comes to aviation but I wonder how many planes have landed at their destination missing a wing? Or how many other planes have disappeared that this wing might belong to? Well, I guess we'll just have to wait until the "experts" have concluded their investigation.
It is not a "wing", but you are on the right track there. 777 maintenance logs will certainly verify if this part has ever fallen off of one of those planed and needed replaced, simple check.
An NTSB investigator told me one time that metallurgy tests could tell many things like which mine the raw materials came from. He told me this while I was cutting the wing spars off an experimental aircraft that had crashed in our FD's response area so he could do just such testing. If these folks know what they're doing, they'll figure out if it's from MH370 or not.
Well, this isn't rocket science, and we don't need to know what mine the metals came from to know this is a flap from MH370. The victims' families might need those kinds of assurances before they let go of their loved ones, but the rest of us don't
If it can't be found in the Indian Ocean methinks it must be somewhere else.
Have you any idea how large the Indian Ocean is? You could search there for centuries without finding a plane that went down in it.
The Pacific is no small pond either and they have never found a piece of Amelia's small aeroplane.
If the tests show this is in fact MH370, the conspiracy theorists will say that it was planted there and the plane has a new wing and is ready to be used in a terrorist attack.
Or that Charles Whidmore is trying to conceal the location of where the real plane landed.
Too late, they're already saying that.
@Ryan. I did not think of that until I read the comments suggesting it. Giving it some thought, I would not rule this out being a "red herring." It is certainly a clue, but until the fuselage, or majority of its debris are found, there are countless scenarios where a presumption that this plane crashed into the Indian Ocean could be very beneficial to someone, some organization or some corporation. Right now, this is scant "eveidence" of anything.
Pretty sure that this will be proven to be part of a ladder and totally unrelated - maybe an ancient Greek ship ladder or support structure off the Starship Enterprise or something.
You know if there was a serial number on the piece it would save a lot of time and there would be no needs in utilizing a high tech lab...
I would imagine there is a stamp or something somewhere on it
Of course there are serial numbers on it. Almost every single part in newer planes have a serial number tag.
The lab is also trying to find other clues beyond identification of the plane.
The serial numbers were 4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42.
How about this... the part number is consistent with the 777 and all 777 are accounted for except one...MH370. I rest my case.
Could be from a replaced flaperon or spare part that was planted by people with ample resources.
Planted for what reason? To play a joke on someone? Right. John is 100% correct. There is zero probability that this flaperon came from anywhere else other than MH370.
@ Quintas... let me address your reply. I'm a composites engineer and have spent some of my career in commercial aviation. 1- Boeing can track every part to every aircraft that they have built in the last fifty or so years. They can also track every "spare part" because Boeing spares are not like your average NAPA auto parts. You need a complete description including all identification numbers and a clean paper trail before you could even order a part for a Boeing aircraft. 2- Have a close look at the pictures. The trailing edge of that part is fairly well shredded from a high speed impact with the water while it was in a fully deployed position. 3- The damage at the attach point(s) clearly substantiates the above mentioned impact. End of story... it's off of MH370.
There is almost never 0% chance of anything
I am done with all news. This part, geez I guess parts are just dropping off airplanes now. Wow I really feel for anyone who flies as now they just drop a few parts as they go along. Man this world is beyond screwed
Quintus, please tell us that you're not one of those conspiracy clowns that think the plane was taken by the US government and hidden on some remote island so they can use it later on in a some yet to be determined false flag event? Please tell us that you're not that simple minded.
The serial numbers on the wing were 4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42. Charles Whidmore is behind this.
John C: "the part number is consistent with the 777 and all 777 are accounted for except one...MH370" Logic is not an evidence. The families of the victims want evidence.
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: What was originally scripted for May 2, 2014 and illuminati were forced to postpone until now: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a 777: The Obamessiah of the Obamanation of Desolation resurrects both "dead Osama" and the "missing Boeing 777". Most probably at Easter at the Holy Land, with his second and very last "terror attack using an airliner". Yet another parallelism, this time the illuminati anti-Bible about the resurrection of Christ. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
Matt, I have seen your postings many times and they are always very garbled - I am sure what you are trying to say sounds very clear minded to you, but for everyone else it comes out as gibberish. So what are you trying to say here? That we live in a parallel universe? That all of this has been pre-ordained and prophesied? That we are living in a pseudo-reality? Or a combination of all these things?
You know, a guy from Boeing could probably conclusively identify this in, maybe, 10 seconds.
Argo - I'm sure they have, so why all of the theatrics and speculation? My comment was actually more tongue-in-cheek.
Ok people. It either is or isn't from a 777. It isn't that hard to tell. Just make an official announcement already. This should have been done within 24 hours.
Not at all, to have a real and complete report, that takes time. We already know it's coming from a 777 but we must wait to know if it's coming from the MH370.
Those French sure are taking their time inspecting the material.
Sure seems like it... The French are a whole different breed.. the part should have went back to Boeing we would already have an answer.. but the not the French still playing their old games of wait...
Larry The French are milking the world stage as if they are relevant.
Toulouse is the home of Airbus! Why not ship to Boeing? I guess since it's a French Island, they refused to release the parts...
Getting all those scientists together from all over the world is not a fast deal. Some people can not think.Bi&ch,yes.
It has to do with who has jurisdiction over this or that...there are representatives from Boeing there, along w/Australia, France, Malaysia, etc...
So, it is like inspecting for swinging Chads, everyone gets to examine the number and then they can vote... after days of deliberation. Part-time job for some French this summer.
Juan Colorado: you surely did not think long enough to post a comment like this one!
I think this is one of the most asinine things I have heard of and that is those families of the survivors who want the bodies of the victims. They have been shark food for all those months and are most likely widely scattered. Anything for the news channels to harp on continuously.
Would you feel the same if your relative was on the plane?
Exactly how many of these planes are missing, that a part has to be analyzed to see if it came from the one in question?! Dear God, these people are idiots! In other news: You will also note that the black boxes were recovered intact from the one over the Ukraine, but a year later there is not a word of what was one them? Maybe that report got put with Obama's real birth certificate? Every government lies....
Did the plane crash into the ocean by a cause or by aliens? It matters because people will feel differently if by lightening or by rocket fire or something else. If intentional someone or group or nation may be held and should be.
The Natives can find any washed ashore airplane parts, more readily than office jockies from Malaysia....meaning no disrespect....but, the locals do know their islands, currents, winds, wave action, beaches, and access to areas that might have high accumulation. This is to suggest, as long as the high sea search continues, a reward systems should be established for any airplane parts that is found by the Indian Ocean islanders.....this should at least be tried, to encourage islanders to walk down the shore line (more boots on the ground). Of course, the airplane part would have to be verified before awards are issued.
Oh boy.. It floated up to their shoreline. They wern't looking for anything. The islanders can find coconuts, thats about it. Rewards for parts found by the natives..give me a break. Unless it falls on their laps again, I doubt you'll see them heading out to sea with their banca boats looking for parts. U.S. - 3.8 million square miles... Indian ocean... 28 million sq.miles. Good luck!
I see their already giving up garbage to be checked out . (It was an old ladder) But yes, don't give them awards until verified.... good call!
As a conspiracy to hide incompetence and lack of results, it is possible the wing part was taken from Ukraine and dropped in a location to collect Barnacles and salt water corrosion with in a area of Ocean currents that would hit La Reunion. And note only the wing is in question the other articles found have been discounted as evidence...
Australia is back on the saddle again, they seem to know just about everything except the exact location of the plane. I can see why the Aussies are anxious to see the part linked to the missing plane, they will have no more reason to continue the search because the plane "crashed into the ocean". Then all the relatives of the victims will have closure and can no longer demand any more proof of the death of their loved ones. However, I hope the French finds the part does not fit the plane at all.
This is a CROCK! This part will have a ASSEMBLY NUMBER!!! The assembly number will show if it came from a 777... NOW WITH THAT SAID,, HAVE THEIR BEEN ANY OTHER 777 LOSE A LARGE SECTION OF FLAP OVER THE OCEAN?? MYSTERY SOLVED,,, TIME FOR A SCOBBIE SNACK!
2 THUMBS DOWN?..I guess the world is full of MORONS, As a friend of a fellow ENGINEER that WORKED ON THE 777,, I think I speak with authority that this flaperon ( thats what you call this section of the wing that was found ) HAS A ASSEMBLY NUMBER!!! So, as I said, but the morons need help in understanding ... WE KNOW THAT THIS ITEM CAME FORM MH370!!!
Well, some clowns need to have a large multinational corporation tell them what to think. We have become a nation of intellectual cowards who are afraid to use our brain to think for ourselves. This is a case in which the facts are clear enough that one can use their grey matter to come to the conclusion that the only possible contributor of this flap is MH370, but some chickens are holding out until Boeing tells them what to think
FUT: Love your moniker .. I can see you have a brain, and your comments are on the mark. But now with 5 thumbs down... I am afraid that the rest of the public is smart as a box of rocks... Ya know a 777 will not fly very well with a missing flaperon, and their have been no reports of a 777 losing a flaperon ... ANYWHERE.. should lead to the conclusion that it could only be from one source,,
You're right Joe. We are falling behind the rest of the world intellectually because we are breeding a nation of intellectual cowards who are afraid to take the most basic of facts to forge a sound conclusion, which is what we have in this case. The powers that be want us to wait for a multinational corporation to do our thinking for us rather than us thinking for ourselves.
now it's been confirmed so the intellectual cowards can come out of hiding now.
Yep.. all you "THUMBS DOWN" MORONS CAN STICK YOUR THUMB UP YOUR PATOOT!
Not sure why this is such a world event. We know the poor people died in a crash at this point why is this relevant as far as the plane part. I'am more interested in our in ability to track civilian aircraft
Obviously our ability to track planes needs to be greatly improved. The pilot knew this and took a route where there is no radar coverage. Do we need to cover the whole planet with radar and/or satellite? How much would this cost and how soon could it be implemented?
Louis, from your Apple's GPS you can trace where is the person you are looking for, the same reason to trace a plane with 300 lives on board, there must be some thing like that to guard the safety of a plane.
Yes there is. It is called AFIRS, by a company called Flyht Aerospace. Look it up if you are interested.
Ningc, Would the Apple GPS work on a commercial jet liner? If so, it seems that at least a few people had this capability.
If there were more radar station in the south China sea, and Indian Ocean, the MH370 would have been found by now! Lots of Chinese were killed on that plane. Philippine, Vietnam, Malaysia should build more radar station at the sea to ensure its aviation safety!
Radar stations require electricity and solar just wont cut it. You would need a rather large power supply for each new installation as well as regular supply deliveries to keep the power plants running once you had them set up. So, who is going to pay for the new radar stations and the ongoing fuel and supply deliveries?
@Jw C Wake up to the real world. The government must pay for these services for the airlines! Its been done and can be done!
They've had the plane a week and still haven't conducted tests. LOL. Land of the idiots
That's because the French have the piece. They only work 6 hour days minus 2 hours for lunch....
Tests were never conducted on the 9/ll planes. The bits and pieces of plane and people was scooped up and shipped to China for recycling within days.
Did no mobile phones of any of the passengers emit signals after the crash from the water? Is there no facility to catch the signals?
Stick your phone in a tub of salt water and you'll have your answer... and 1 dead phone. OTOH if the plane remained on the surface while searchers were within range (a few miles) then plausible. But recall they were searching the wrong area initially, then the 'right' area was massive.
Mobile phones only work when there is a satellite overhead to provide coverage. The price of putting a satellite over an obscure plot of the ocean where nobody lives is why there were no signals to be analyzed.
The pilot intentionally flew this route because it is a dead zone for radar and other telecom equipment.
Some people are so brilliant. A cell phone does not communicate with satellites overhead. They are called "cell" phones because they communicate with cell towers placed strategically everywhere on LAND. Haven't you ever seen a cell tower? They are all over the place. If there is not tower in range,(unless they build them in the ocean) then the cell phones are as useful as a rock. As for the wing being from the missing flight, DUH.
Satellites will only provide GPS, not cell traffic. Cell traffic requires a tower within a relatively close location. They don't put them in the middle of the ocean. So unless someone had a true satellite phone - and do you know anyone who does - no calls were made from that plane.
@Zzz @USN Vet Correct, satellite phones are used primarily in undeveloped countries (Africa) and by the military.
Month huh? How about a year and a half and they don't want the truth because if the truth comes out it will be the rebels who shot the plane down. The investigation will be like the 9/11 investigation.
The difference being the planes in 9/11 were trashed and sent to China for "recycling" within days. Nobody ever spent the time to investigate the planes, or even look for the Black Box.
Shot the plane down? From where, a boat? C'mon man.
"The difference being the planes in 9/11 were trashed and sent to China for "recycling" within days. Nobody ever spent the time to investigate the planes, or even look for the Black Box." baaahahahahahaha!! Asinine. No other word can describe that.
Some little kid probably blinded the pilot with a cheap laser pointer by mistake.
There are apparently teams of highly paid `experts´ milking this one for all that it´s worth; and there seems no shortage of money to throw at the project. This was pretty much a foregone conclusion from the get-go. The paint alone, as mentioned, could easily been analised within 24 hours by the right examiner. A shame people are scamming this as friends and relatives seek closure.
don't be so cynical, it's bad for your health and well being
It´s just what I do. Somebody´s got to be the watchdog. Count your blessings.
Blacks, gays and illegals are destroying America.
conservative bible thumpers are the true destroyers of America. go back to Faux News. and maybe talk to your invisible man in the sky
Ah yes, just listen to the compassionate liberal replies. They are the true Haters.
Black gays like 'aj' won't be happy until America looks like Somalia. DISGUSTING.
The man: I'm not black. I just don't how people like you blame everything that wrong with this country on relatively minor groups of people
Something on your mind, 'scott'? I bet you're slobbering like Alien, just thinking of having a man deep in your mouth.
It must be from MH370; if not then somebody else is missing an airplane....and doesn't know about it. Not a likely alternative.
If i was on that plane or a family member...I would want the millions upon millions spent finding this plane to be spent feeding and housing the poor and hungry...improving the lives of living people...when you are dead you are dead...what difference does it make....
I could not agree more, such a waste of time and money.
A very nobel thought but really like if my grandma had balls she's be my grandpa. If you were on that plane I doubt you'd be thinking. You'd be an afterthought. If you were the family member, you wouldn't want mils and mil's spent bla bla bla. Quite to the contrary...i suspect you'd keep your mouth shut while awaiting the big potential payday.
WAIT!!! It took 1 WEEK to get the part to France and start the examination?!?!! Come on PEOPLE!! Stop slowing things down and get us some answers!!!
They must not have Amazon Prime....
It's been over a year already - whats the damn hurry?
how many of these planes r missing
several, check real good at Langley and Diego Garcia...........
Two from Libya, like 2 years past?
It's not like it's a hubcap. How many other 777 planes have "lost" a flaperon in that area?
How many massive aircraft parts are floating around the ocean? I would have thought that finding a large wing flap would be a gimme.
It is a gimme, why they are delaying the report is unknown at this time.
I can't help but wonder if someone on board the doomed flight had crossed the Clinton's?
Gee, find a serial number, plug it into the data base with Boeing and see if belongs to the down jet...should take all of 5 minutes, maybe less
I would bet that the serial number is unique to each plane
Don't be surprised if this is the biggest piece ever found.
step one: "hello boeing, has anyone ever bought a replacement flaperon for a 777?"
"... raised fresh hopes for relatives ..." Let's get real. It's not likely they'll find any survivors. If there are any Robinson Crusoe's out there I'll eat their coconut.
My question is...if it isn't wreckage from MH370, where did it come from?
They need tests to see whether there's a sentence written on the wing?
Why did it take them this long to begin looking,and there should be part numbers or something, not right about this
777 goes missing year and a half ago, a piece of a 777's wing found washed up on island. Just end the drama already and hope more pieces wash up. You can forget about the black boxes they are sitting on the bottom of the ocean somewhere.
How long would it take for barnacles to attach themselves to free floating item and grow to that size? Just asking....no one has ever addressed that situation...
What do you mean? They have talked about that a number of times since it was found. That was one of the main reasons it was thought to be a part from that crash in the first place, the local police who saw it thought the marine growth was about right for that length of time.
Guess you failed to read even this article that you are commenting on? Or is this one of those "damn, I knew I read that somewhere"?
All test's are done. They know it's from the plane. Why make everyone wait for the results we already suspect.
So, what if it isn't part of MH370? What then? Where did it come from? If it is part of MH370, does that mean the rest of the plane is in fact in the ocean?
Yes, its from MH370. We know that because there aren't any other missing 777s. Yes, it means the plane crashed into the ocean and we can all stop spending tens of millions to try and find it.
First clues? Those were 16 months ago.
My question is how many private 777 are there and I bet that no one knows exactly
I'm pretty sure Boeing knows how many planes they have produced.
Some of these remarks are do so damn cruel and not sensitive at all! IF it were your loved one on that place you would want all the information you could get. I hope the families will get the answers they deserve.
Given the importance of this analysis, wouldn't you think the people involved would have acted a lot quicker?! At the very least experts from Boing could have flown to the island the next day- 2 weeks ago!!!!
I heard they have inspector CLOUSO assigned to the case, should be wrapping things up quickly
Thought it would move a little faster than this...
I feel so sorry for those who lost their loved ones and they still don't know what happened. I hope this piece that was recovered will help bring them closure. What an awful ordeal to have to live with day after day after day.
Why is everyone going thru this This plane went down and sadly no one survived. Doesn't matter how many pieces they find.
If they can find the rest of the wreckage, they may be able to determine what caused the crash. They would also dispel all the conspiracy theories floating around, both good, positive things.
HELL YES IT MATTERS TO THOSE WHO LOST THEIR LOVED ONES. YOU ARE SO DAMN CRUEL!
Talk about profiting off of tragedy!! It takes less than 24 hours to match serial numbered parts!!
I can say that it is a piece from that flight since airplane parts are not found just floating around in the ocean. if you find a part there is usually a plane crash since a jet needs all its parts to fly.
I still believe there is a whole lot more to this story than was told.
Not only the WHOLE world, but also beings from other planets; LMAO!
You telling me they don't know yet? what's the hold up? it either is or is not
let's all sit down and have a couple glasses of wine and eat some stinky cheese and see what we have here
im pretty sure the huge majority of the world could care less
Couldn't care less is the correct way to phrase it, but I agree with you. I don't give a flying (no pun intended) frack.
will somebody enlighten me as to rate of growth of barnacles..... seems like they're too big for the short time this flapperon was in the water.... google didn't help.
World hopes Brian Williams will find first clues to MH370 mystery
Maybe not - I recall his report that he remembers going down with the plane.
ur right. didn't he rescue all the passengers too /
I really like the other pictures that are from people "finding" debris on the beach. One was of a automobile transnaxle (150+ pounds) that was supposingly washed up on the beach and was suspected to come from this wreck.
I'm positive this wing piece is from MH370.
Why so long to answer a simple question; Is it or is it not part of B777?
WHAT THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT TELLING YOU. This is NOT from MH370. It is a downed Alien Craft. I know they will Triangulate on this post, but I must get the truth out. If you never hear from me again, you know why
777 disappear. no codes, no id pings, no secret whatever. just disappears. lotsa testing and pensive looking bureaucraps looking the part.
why all these "tests" all BS and cover ups. You're tellin us that on a $270M aeroplane, there's no ID markings/codes/secret numbers--whatever. smells like faeces.
maybe it about forensic pathology and passion
Flaperon sounds like a fake word. Is it part of the planeron?
Found not to far from Diego Garcia
HOW MANY OF THESE PLANES HAVE GONE DOWN? ARE THAY NUTS? LETS SEE WE LOST TEN OF THESE PLANES IS THIS WING FROM NUMBER 1 OR NUMBER TEN. /OR SEVEN
They're not quite sure if this is a plane or a frenchfry
Wow . These experts sound good. lol
the real experts have already said last week that no,it is not a part of that jet,so that's that it was not from the one they lost,I say it is fully intact and is probably sitting in the Mideast somewhere
: (((((( those poor family members. I feel for them . So sad!!!!!!
Old news, they have proven it is from the plane.
Maybe just maybe... There's this 777 flying around with a torn off wing, maybe!
I thought another "News Agency" reported that the "part" wasn't from MH370; that was last week!? This article seems to be a "copy/paste" from another earlier article and from another "media concern".??
There was what appeared to be an airplane door found AFTER this part. It is the door they said was NOT from MH370
If you have the French envolved, something smells. Its been over a year what's another 2-3 weeks.
How long does it take to check the numbers on the flapper????? Are they waiting to make it an "event"?
This is all for the families of the victims. They are the ones who want to be reassured that this flap really is from MH370 before they let go of their loved ones. Most of this investigation is going to be tea and crumpets, but at least it looks good to the relatives of the victims. For the rest of us who don't have that invested in this finding, it's a no brainer - this is part of MH370
We know its from MH370, I have no idea why they are delaying the report, but I suspect that it has something to do with money
Or maybe they want to be sure before they tell the families of the people who were on the flight.
To all interested, read Yoichi Shimatsu's articles, starting with "MH 370, the role Of Soros and Israel exposed". it's a starting point
150% BULL*&^%$ !!!! LIES LIES and more LIES..............