It seems that the use of magnets would be helpful in the search for MH370. Strong but not so strong as to destroy info contained in data recorders, magnets could be attached to a cable roll and let out behind a faster moving watercraft, When it attached itself to something on the seafloor it could be detached with a buoy at the top end, marking the location of the magnet. Then that area could be searched. Seems it would not be so expensive and could cover a larger area quickly and be a great assist to the methods now being employed. Magnets could also attach to items hidden by silt.
"But it is the much smaller search zone, just 600 sq km (232 sq miles, located about 1,670 km (1038 miles) northwest of Perth that has generated fresh optimism." This morning on TV, it was reported that the search area was about 500 sq miles, about the size of "Connecticut". Hopefully, this search will locate the aircraft and that the families will find some relief. In addition, this will put an end to all the media who are ineffectual with their mathematics.
Connecticut: 5,543 sq miles. Sounds like a quality news program...
I think they are approaching this with enormous patience and intelligence. I truly hope they succeed.
"But experts say the process of teasing out the signals from the cacophony of background noise in the sea is a slow and exhausting process." I have been fascinated by some of the things said about these black box recorders. It really sounds like things could be improved for detectability. One, I have heard there has been some debate over improving the battery life of these black boxes. I'd vote for that. Two, it seems that they need to choose a better frequency for their ping if it cannot be easily separated from the background noises of biologics. Three, why couldn't these blackboxes be made to float? Maybe they have ballast that will be released after a few days in deep water. Once on the surface they could have a radio transmitter as well as a sound device.
Troy, all good ideas but everything that goes into the design of an aircraft is a compromise which involves trade-offs of weight and cost. A perfect black box would come to the surface and call home, but the cost and weight penalties to include those features are prohibitive.
Excellent ideas but there are issues that must be addressed in regards to your thinking. These Blackboxes recorders are securely attached to the plane electronic and power source for recording while the plane is in normal operation. Someone or somehow these recorders have to be released from their secured location and get them outside of the plane to float them to the surface. Underwater pressure enveloping the plane makes it difficult to do. The pressure increases as the depth increases. Even if it is feasible to release them into the water to float, once released in the water the problems are (a) as these recorders floated to the surface they would not float straight up [try to release a ping pong ball underwater and you will see what I mean] and (b) once they are in the water [unless they are recovered immediately] the current, waves and surface winds would carry them away from the location of the sunken vehicle. Secure them with a cable to the plane? The problems remain as regard to the battery life and how long should the cable be. Steel cable is heavy, adds weight to the plan, takes up room in the cockpit, how to seal the cable box to keep water from entering the cabin, and with a slightest leak the water pressure would burst it wide open.
I would think that you would want the black box to stay with the wreckage, not separate from it for obvious reasons. The black box frequency was chosen because it is outside most biological and man made frequencies. But one would think that the signal should be made stronger and last longer for circumstances like this. And on commercial airline aircraft, especially ones a big as a 777, there should be several redundant ways to track its flight that cannot be turned off manually, while the craft is in service. Not only would this help save passengers lives, but it has already been proven to us that commercial aircraft can become weapons of mass destruction, in the hands of brainwashed terrorists.
All flight data should be relayed through satellites into the cloud in real time so no matter what happens a complete record is available. I know, I'm not a aviation expert so this may not be practical but something has to work better and more cheaply that what they have going now.
troy, i have no knowledge whatsoever of airplanes, however, since sharks eat just about everything, i would assume if the black boxes were released, they may become fish food. in addition, if they were floating around out there in the currents, who knows where they may end up unless the exact location is embedded and does not change once they are released even if a shark eats them. then again, the plane could be in some hangar with the black boxes having been removed and tossed in the ocean. i am sure the best minds in aviation are working feverishly to solve this "mystery". - hopefully. in the meantime, i will continue to hold the families in my thoughts and prayers. it is just too sad.
I'd vote to use something that could broadcast a signal further than 10 miles, and be able to broadcast through water.
well, I'm sure the US and other countries have ways to broadcast through water but I bet it a) isn't cheap and b) isn't small. Lithium Ion batteries carry a lot more current in a smaller package but they also have a risk of exploding if over charged...not something you'd want on a plane (hence why many carriers won't allow Li Ion batteries on aircraft). You also have to realize that this is a pretty odd occurrence, a 777 disappearing off multiple radars and ending up 1000 miles away from it's original flight path? So while yes, there are probably ways to make the Black Boxes more easy to find but in 99.99% of plane crashes, they're recovered quite easily the way they are. As for satellite links, while a good idea they already have 3 redundant systems on the planes that all have to fail for them to "lose" a plane like this. So you're suggesting yet one more system? Where do you draw the line? At 10? Right now they have: Ground based radar Voice communications ATC transponders Now you want to add satellite link, why not add cellular link as well? Then you could add backups to each of those so you could have 2 satellite links, 2 cellular links, two backup ATC transponders, and then, why not have pilots at the back of the planes as well? So you'd have a pilot, a backup pilot (aka co-pilot) and then a backup for the backup. Just remember: whenever you add just ONE pound to a plane, that adds exponentially more money because then you have to carry the extra fuel to carry that pound, then extra fuel to carry the fuel to carry that extra pound. I read somewhere that 40% of the fuel on a plane is used just to carry the fuel needed. A perfect example of this is the Saturn 5 rockets. They had so many huge stages because they were needed to carry the fuel required to boost the capsule into space.
The smaller search zone, according to this article, is 232 square miles. That's a square area about 15 and a quarter miles on a side. Still a lot of area to search, but things are definitely looking up-beat. @SwineFlew2, in the most recent series of ping detections, ALL were located by latitude and longitude, but each has a different set of coordinates, which explains why the search zone has an area of 232 square miles. I can understand, indeed I share, your frustration. But don't forget the water depth in this area is almost 2 miles and sea water has variable density from place to place which can affect how sound is transmitted.
I'll wager the plane augered in nose vertical and that's why there is no debris to find. Also the plane was out of gas and therefore no slick... When I was in the service, I was a Target Acquisition specialist in the Field Artillery and when we ran fire missions, FDC would call to us, "Shot" for when the round left the tube, and then "Splash" for when it was going to impact or be an air burst... On the radar, it really did look like a splash when it went off... I would suspect that the Air Defense radars of Malaysia would have detected a large debris picture in the air as well if the plane had exploded. It would have been very easy to detect I would expect. There can be no doubt in my mind that the plane went in whole and vertical... Just a thought...
Still has lots of other fluids and oil! That is why they call it an oil slick!
Nonsense. Any slick would be tiny...
The Cyclone sank and moved debris from that area.
Even if out of fuel the plane would not be verticle. The wings would be producing lift. Going straight down creates speed which creates wind over the wings which create lilft. It is very difficult, unless the wing is stalled, to keep a plane verticle to the ground. Someone is gong ask if I'm a pilot........yes I am.
Is anyone else wondering if CNN's "BREAKING NEWS" button is stuck on. Everytime I turn it to CNN it says Breaking News but it's the same news they have been reporting for like 2 or 3 days for the past month!
They ALL do that . . . in hopes you won't change the channel.
Yahoo does the same thing. They run exactly the same text but change the headlines and maybe the accompanying photo(s). Cheap journalism at its cheapest!
Hey, its dangerous over in Syria and Ukraine. Safer to just speculate from Perth or New York.
Who knows what to believe about this story any more? The signals ARE / ARE-NOT from the plane's black box. Yes ./ No / Maybe. It sounds like a pack of reporters interviewing each other in a bar!
Most of the thankfully rare commercial crashes occur on land,or in waters where their location is closely known. But when ,like Malaysia 370, or Air France 447, the time line runs into months or years,30 days of "pinger" is not enough.But since batteries don't have infinite power,what about a pinger that sounded once per second for a week,reduced to every four seconds for two weeks, then every six or seven seconds until the batteries died. Thus instead of 30 days, it could last 90 days or more with nothing more than a minor change in the timer circuit.
should have had Duracell's ,not Energizers
Bob, how about putting Energizer Bunnies in black boxes? We'll hear drums instead of pings. :)
I thought Obama was the Energizer Bunny.
Yes, a battery that lasts only 30 days, on something that important, is absurd.
Justice Inc., yeah, I won't recommend retrieving that particular black box!
600 square kms of very deep ocean is still a pretty huge search area. While I hope they find the wreckage and can figure out what happened, unless they can pinpoint the location much better before the signal dies there will be very long odds against it.
What boggles my mind is that despite the confidence the searchers are having about the wreckage location, not a single piece of the aircraft has been found floating yet.
Well, the currents in the area would have moved any debris and scattered it over an area much to large to be detected as wreckage from the plane. If the plane glided and nosed in to the ocean, it could have only created a minimal amount of debris which quickly scattered throughout the area. Since they did not search this area until close to 30 days after the plane went down, it had sufficient time to be dispersed throughout the area.
Several storms have also hit the area, further scattering any floating debris, and after a month what is still floating is more likely to be smaller items, like seat cushions, shoes, etc which will be hard to see from the air.
I don't see how they could be so confident about the location, either. They seem to be unsure if the signals really come from the black box.
Would be nice if the pinger had a smaller, secondary battery that would activate when an interrogation signal is sent within the 2 mile operating range of this device. That means when the primary ping signal is received, the ship is within that range and can start communicating in a handshake mode that will establish the pinger location more accurately through the Doppler effect.
That sounds like a good idea. But you would need to have a battery to run the receiver.
That's true, and it should draw as little power as possible just to act as a trigger for the handshake transmitter. I'll let the engineers figure it out.
Another option that will eliminate the receiver is a pre-programmed activation based on pinger battery's remaining power. It will operate in a kamikaze mode transmitting continuously for a few hours until the battery goes dead.
Any bets on whether the pilot who was smart enough to turn off the transponders and communications gear was also smart enough to pop the breakers on the cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder? They may provide few clues and unless there truly was a mechanical failure and enough of the wreckage can be recovered to tell, the final hours of this flight may remain forever a mystery.
Breaking News: “A new ping was detected. The first one million ones were just for entertainment”
And still no debris. Very odd. Either it sank intact or it ain't there. Well he could have soft landed it if he wanted to I guess, just before it ran out of fuel. I think he committed suicide and didn't want the cultural shame of having people know it, so he made it as hard as possible to find it out. And his family isn't about to reveal anything- like marital problems , lest they suffer the cultural blame shame while still alive Just the fact that he had a flight simulator in his home is odd in and of itself. he certainly could have planned this all on it. Probably just locked the cockpit door when the co pilot stepped out for a head break , and then immediately depressurized the cabin, negating any potential for resistance to his plans
Come on. no way it was on autopilot-- not with the manuvers the plane made to avoid radar
JoeJoe: Those turns tell us it was under a pilot's control. Question probably never to be answered is who flew the plane and why?
and in other breaking news, dolphins have been observed northwest of Australia alternately pinging and laughing.
Mr. Abbott just cannot stay out of the Camera's eye! A typical Politician!
If the plane landed on the water intact and sank as one piece, it would be very hard to locate. Otherwise, there would be some identifiable stuff that would float if the plane broke up. Either way, by waiting until the black box batteries are due to die to start listening for them is not a very good tactic.
It took them this long to home in on this area. If the stupid Malaysian gov't. had been honest and forthright from the beginning, the plane may have already been found and/or recovered, and the grieving families might at least get some answers and gain some closure.
Does anyone know why they use sonar and 'acoustic' listening devices instead of radio wave equipment?
Radio waves do not penetrate through water. Sonar does.
Ah yes, they would be inducted into electrical current by the water itself ! Facinating. It turns out that only very low frequencies with long wavelenghts can propagate for any distance as in the case with submarine communications.
I wonder how many people will benfit from their theories on what happened, when the books start coming out. Hopefully the plane will be found, so relatives can reach closure and not be looking for their loved ones in every related story.
I always thought technologically we are very advanced in this era of laser beams..I now see we have a long way to go. My sympathies with the families of the unfortunate victims. I see the scared faces of the victims as they struggled to live in the deep dark ocean.
My profound respects to all the teams whom endure and persevere.
Seriously? You said just yesterday there was NEW ping detected by a PLANE for cripe's sake before you had to retract it because it was an impossibility? And that is supposed to give me confidence in you? When you keep saying YAY! oh wait, scratch that!? How about just shutting the hell up about the search until they find either debris or the wreckage so don't keep putting the relatives on a roller coaster ride of your making, ya political photo op hack!
My thought are that if the idiots in Malaysia had not sent the searchers off on wild goose chases in the beginning, the searchers might have had an easier time at discovering where the black boxes are sitting.
Can you imagine countries working together for other endeavours with such vigor? All the facade is put aside and even the bickering. It's a vision perhaps just a dream.
...and even with all that cooperation, there are still a bunch of Yahoo wizards that say that all those countries and agencies involved in the search are part of a great conspiracy and are withholding and hiding the truth.
Yes Guapo you are right. And then there are those who deny Jewish genocide and 911.
I guess some people are more comfortable when they think they've been lied to. Some things are just hard to accept even though they are true.
working towards the new world order...that's what this whole thing was about....you watch...
Uh, Kathy...this is about a plane crash...not some fantasy about the new world order.
Kathy, don't forget to bring Little Green Men into the picture. They need their press coverage, too!
Just get an actual visual on the wreckage and/or a piece of the plane. Anything less is still just a guess. We have heard enough misinformation and hypotheticals over the last month, get eyes on it.
I'm sure they will work very hard to satisfy your curiosity.
The conspiracy nuts are so disappointed. . .
I knew that's where it was… really!
I keep looking back at this photo of floating debris snapped by a Chinese search plane. I know it's beyond speculating but if it's part of the planes exterior skin, the aluminum almost looks as if it was charred. Just wondering what others might think.I also realize it could be floating card board.
None of the metal parts of an airliner can float, unless they were attached to, say, an empty fuel tank. Besides, if the plane hit the water at hundreds of miles per hour, about all that is left is metallic confetti. Now, if you are talking about the passengers' suitcases, that's much more likely to be floating.
The story right off the bat sounds fictitious to me. An airplane shuts off the communication device, turns 180 degrees, goes back over Malaysia, goes to Singapore air space, and travels for another 6-7 hours and no one knows what happened to Boeing 777!!!! So, for almost 7 hours after the plane was missing, no radar, no military radar, not even other planes in their path didn't see anything odd!! come on dude, striking story! They will make a movie out of this in Hollywood, I bet.
They didnt see anything? How do you think they know the area where it crashed?
This day in age when a plane that size goes off course, Why would no country etc bother to check it out when its still in the air! For 15 years we have been all about this type of security, so yes they know and this plane was either shot down or hidden. It supposedly crashed during the morning under clear skies and they are telling us no one saw a plane this size go into the ocean? I mean we have planes flying, boats out fishing or patrolling and still no eye witnesses? Come on this is just to weird and thats not even speaking about debris, fuel slicks whatever not being found at all! Find that darn plane already! Families deserve the truth and if they find a black box without a plane that will be very curious and skeptical. They say they can confirm it went down in ocean, but come on first debris, nope just trash, pings, yes it is it but truth is they don't know! It could be from a small plane that went down or even a boat that sank. Until they see the wreckage or plane it is not a done deal where it is!
I believe it was shot down by Malay interceptors.
Absolutely right, why post-Snowden is the media not calling out international governments, especially the Americans, who have absolutely got to know where the plane went if they were not involved in its disappearance.
Assuming the jet made a safe water landing (like happened in the Hudson River), would the sinking jet glide a great distance from where it splashed down? In the air it has a glide slope ratio about 20 to one so in 2.5 miles of water could it have glided 50 miles or perhaps 10 miles?
Australian Prime minister , spares no expense to grandstand, Hey Tony Where is Malaysia on this it is their plane i hope they are paying.
Whoever stole the plane, however they did it, and for whatever reason, clearly had a plan. I can not imagine that the plan was to run out of fuel 1500 miles from the nearest land. As they may well have gotten away with it, if we don't figure this one out, what's to keep them from doing it again -- possibly on a much larger scale -- now that they know how to do it and we don't know how to stop it?
They just landed it in the ocean.
Some people should become fictional writers. Otherwise, a waste of a good talent.
Interesting considering that I read the other day that these signals could only be detected from within 4-5 miles. Parameters and operation specs change day to day. Sounds more like a Flock of Seagulls.
What a bunch of sad and confused individuals we have making headlines for this terrible incident. PM says he is confident that these ARE the signals yet the head of search team says opposite.
No, PM confident that they know the approximate location of the black boxes while Houston says latest ping (only) not from a black box.
but then in the next sentance we get this "On the information I have available to me, there has been no major breakthrough in the search for MH370. I will provide a further update if, and when, further information becomes available," he said in a statement. So go figure.
Take your time. CNN needs as much fluff as it can get. Anything rather than the IRS and destruction of our infrastructure.
What we need are trained dolphins. They could have located the pinging in a day.
I thought of that but I am unsure if they can go that deep and unles they had a camera attached it wouldn't accomplish anything.
"sparked the most expensive search and rescue operation in aviation history." It also sparked the most slathering orgy of mindless inaccuracy, conjecture, sensationalism and fear-mongering by the media in recent history.
Why in the hell should the Prime Minister of Australia be seen on TV to give updates on the search,when in reality he has VERY little to do with it? Because it's a damned political photo op ,that's why! And if he doesn't his opposition will bash him for it. Just POLITICS is all it is
Politicians are the same even south of the equator. Did you expect any different?
you are stupid DAVID there is plenty of Australian ships and planes in this search and other countries are using Australian airports.. you need to keep up with the news
HA!Just because he is the head of the military doesn't mean he has to go on TV. Man would you be saying something if OBAMA did it, huh, probably screaming PHOTO OP in my ear. You saying he DOESN'T ever play politics? Then YOU are naive and stupid, not me
Never met a Politician who did not like standing before a camera!
This guy is an attention seeker who thinks he is street smart!
If they're picking up pings out in the middle of nowhere in fifteen thousand feet of water, what else could it be but the black boxes from the jet? Then again, we haven't found Atlantis yet either. I wonder where that rests. Maybe it's them that're sending out the pings just to fu## with us, and then, when we narrow the search down, they send out a few more from another spot a thousand miles away.
Could be whales. I'm not joking.
What if they're puce or chartreuse boxes instead? Will they be disappointed?
I bet that none of the pings are related to the plane since they have been unable to locate a single fragment of debris from the area. It seems that somebody is playing games at the expense of the public.
I still have trouble with it. With all the submarine detection equipment available to the military it seems like this shouldn't be that hard.
why the hell is the Prime minister of Australia speaking on a plane crash? What is wrong with this government? Tens of thousands die in car crashes and not even a mayor will look into it. The head of state needs to focus on Economics, infrastructure, education, health care and Military for example not forensics on a plane crash.
People own cars, make stupid decisions, or become victims of other peoples stupid decisions.... an airliner carries hundreds of people, is run by highly trained pilots, and has been missing for a month.
The Malaysian government placed a fake black box there to fool the world.
There are too many pieces of an aircraft and it's contents that will not sink. The food carts for example are of honeycombed construction. Seat flotation devices float .. NOT everything sinks or is 100% eviscerated . Where is the debris ?? Any debris ?
There's a LOT of ocean out there!
While we're fishing for the missing jet, we're also fishing for good news.
So nobody out there has an Iphone? Just go to the "suspected" area and ask Siri.
Siri's Response: I do not do that!
Siri's response: "Make illegal U-Turn here"
mh 370 is croosing a wormhole into another dimention and theres gonna be strange things happening all over this world so be prepare for things to come
Let's see, now....how many different ways are there to tell the same old thing over and over again. I am half a world away, don't know squat about any pings and could, still, write tomorrow's version of this story.
yes, have they planted it real good so that all the plebes will believicate them
What do the photos have to do with the story???
They won't say it.....So I'll say it.......They have the Missing Flight 370 Located within 10 Sq Miles.......They'll be sending Down a Sub by This Weekend.......Repeat......LOCATION FOUND
Where did you get this info? I want to see it for myself.
When have I ever Lied ? .......Take it to the Bank, what i say
Why the hell would you make a definitive statement like that when you can't support it? Why do you even bother to post?
Don't Believe Me.....That's Fine.......News will come Out This Weekend.......Nobody is Twisting Your Arm to Believe Me
Scott...if you had any real proof of what you're saying, you would have shown it by now instead of wasting your time and mine with bullschit. Once again...why do you post??
You're probably right. If I was in their position, I'd fudge things a little to the pessimistic side, for cover.
Guapo, you and I, and every other mature person would never make such a stupid statement posted by scott. Most likely just an immature juvenile posting trash to get his jollies.
Told You So.....Now Didn't I ?
My guess is that they somehow ran out of oxygen and simply fell asleep
....why not tell us when someone finds it?
CNN. Get a clue! Move on! I flip the channel now because I am sick of this story.Get it? -- and that New British Dude's gravelly voice now drives me up the wall. It ain't novel anymore!
resurrect the Glomar Explorer! It's in the Navy's Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet near Benicia CA.
grand idea. my step-dad worked on her, and was on board for the k-129 mission (still very hush-hush).
I doubt that there is a need. An airplane is a lot lighter than a submarine.
Nothing like looking for a needle in a haystack, in a field of haystacks.
Is it possible to bail out of the jet as it is flying on Auto Pilot, & the plane continue to it's end ?
Here is what is gnawing at my craw....if the search authorities believe the newly discovered ping area, is in fact the ball park for the crash site....they why do they not believe the surface debris may have long reached the shores of Australia.....still no boots on the ground searching Australia's shore line.....is it because the search authorities know that "Nothing", leaves no debris?
The black box records data. the recording device records the pilots conversations. Some of the debris will be close to the boxes and some of it might not. The important debris sinks. Australia's shorelines are full of people.
Pings were detected 1,000+ miles from Perth so to reach the Australian shore the floating debris would have had to travel in a straight line at a steady speed of about 1-1/2 mph,. No currents flow in that fashion so there's no point in looking on shore for many more months.
I meant to add additional comment. I keep looking back at this photo of floating debris snapped by a Chinese search plane. I know it's beyond speculating but if it's part of the planes exterior skin, the aluminum almost looks as if it was charred. Just wondering what others might think.I also realize it could be floating card board.
I meant to add additional comment. I keep looking back at this photo of floating debris snapped by a Chinese search plane. I know it's beyond speculating but if it's part of the planes exterior skin, the aluminum almost looks as if it was charred. Just wondering what others might think.I also realize it could be floating card board.
How sure are they, the article didn't say
Now try to find my order of Kung Pow Chicken
I will be glad when this search is over and done with ,so the families can put this to bed and get along with there lives.....this has got to be hard on them reading about it every day,stirring the pot over and over..
did any body actually see an airplane??
I was going to comment on Scotty's post, but on second thought it is so lame it's not worth it.
I think they are chasing each other's pings. They are going to circle each other until they all meet in the middle.
The search ships do not emit pings.
Maybe if Malaysia had stepped aside in the beginning and let someone with more than an 8th grade education lead the investigation we might have had a conclusion to this mystery 3 weeks ago
The Australian Prime Minister is hearing "Ping" from the yellow submarine.
It flew into a Black Hole,and to her credit,Oprah didn't even flinch!
There are planes criss-crossing the search area .. but , why no debris ?
There was a cyclone their last week and the current alone would have carried any debris still floating hundreds of miles from the original point of entry.
They will likely eventually find some floating debris but not in large amounts. It's quite widely dispersed by now because of all the storms that initially hampered the search, just bits here and there floating in an absolutely huge expanse of water.
Have they one, just one tiny piece of this thing? Thought so. There has to be more to this story
The Aussies are being very smart in not overstating where they are. They--and the US--are doing a fine job. This was by no means an easy task. Let's see if they can pinpoint and dive for that box.
If SpongeBob and Patrick would quit clanking their balls...........
You're wrong. SpongeBob has rubber balls.
why are you looking at their balls ?
Mr. Lipid lives in your heart...you're thinking of Mr. Limpet....
Just why is this Jet liner so dam important any way will someone please give me a good reason why the world is so intent on finding it ???? I feel sorry for the people that lost their lives but enough is enough get on with life!!!!!
They need to know the exact reason this aircraft went down. Was it a maintenance problem ? Is there a design problem ? Did a part on the aircraft fail ? If a part failed, what caused it ? Was it a pilot problem ? The airline industry is what it is today due to analyzing crashes and finding the root cause.
Hey, i'm sure if one of your family was on board, you would want to know exactly what happened. I
I say case closed!! It's called mission completed!!! Gov. spy work. Mission completed!!
its taken this long to get the black boxes out of the hijacked plane and secretly transported to the deepest part of the ocean at the furthest distance of the flight path.....
Dumb. The wreckage of the whole plane will be dwon there too. Just wait.
They won't say it....So I'll say it..... they suspect the plane's passengers had dandruff. They're searching for their 'Head and Shoulders' floating on the surface.
The search teams are to be highly congradulated for finding a trace of the missing aircraft. Take something the size of a BB and fire it out across a good size lake and then come back at night and try and find the BB. Whoever was flying the aircraft did not want it found and turned off the identification signal sender. Then they diverted the aircraft from its intended flight path hoping to avoid ground radar. No aircraft system in the world will function if it turned off. All commercial flights are equipped with Emergency Location senders but these are for people who want to be found and rescued. Which is not what happened in this case.
First off just so people realize, there are possibly 2 different devices pinging at the same frequency but could be miles a part after the crash. This means you hear 1 ping from on bearing, then when you move closer you get another ping from another bearing... Next, pings bounce, echo off objects as well as off different layers of water... this means you could hear a ping, from miles away because its "skipped" off thermal layers a few times... called convergence zones. Same thing happens with subs... a sub could hear another sub or ship at up to 90 miles away... by convergence zones... the problem is. all they really know is general bearing... because of the skips the target could be 90 miles, 60 miles, or 30-15 miles out because of the skips... So more information is generally needed. so the sub will move listening to the target ship for sometime as much as an hour to get its range.
You make some very good points, kitsy-chan.
Thanks james, most people sonar is 100% accurate, you hear a ping and you know exactly down to the square foot where its coming from... and thats not even close to the case... filters down in steps... generally each step cuts the search area in half till they are down to about a 7 mile search area... unless of course the 2 black boxes are more then 7 miles apart in which case search area ends up being the distance between the 2 boxes + 25-50% And again all depends on how the plane hit the water. Nose first and debris is likely fairly tight group... but if it came down at a shallow glide slope... it could have "skipped" across the water a few times, parts breaking off and then as different shapes sank they would move apart at different speeds and distances meaning a really scattered field.
Doesn't the Aussie military have an ROV capable of surviving the immense water pressure ( over 5,000 PSI) to begin sonar mapping the ocean floor?
Confident? So where is it? I'm confident that a convenience stoor in Jacksonville FL has dark chocolate mars bars but i cant show it to you because i dont actually have one to show
There are various potential credible explanations for this disappearance, but one would have to be on the inside of the security departments in the major nations to know the true facts. The latest potentially credible explanation is again focused on those Chinese stealth scientists who were on board the plane. Did the U.S. intercept this plane to prevent the Taliban from selling stolen American stealth technology on board the plane to China?
There are various potential credible explanations for this disappearance, but one would have to be on the inside of the security departments in the major nations to know the true facts. The latest potentially credible explanation is again focused on those Chinese stealth scientists who were on board the plane. Did the U.S. intercept this plane to prevent the Taliban from selling stolen American stealth technology on board the plane to China?
I heard there is no more signal. Now it is time to re-manufacture a look alike and tell the world they have found the black box.
Will the manufacture a look-alike plane and look-alike bodies too? All will be found on the ocean floor with the boxes.
I am tired of this story line. It was just 200 people lost at sea. More people have died or been lost at sea while you read my comment to this point. These rehash articles need to go away until this is news again.