Really do feel for these people. Have a friend whose brother fell off a boat in the Gulf of Mexico and was never found. She knows he is dead, of course... but it still it plays on her mind... can't help but let thoughts drift to the impossible land of 'well maybe'... before pulling them back to what she knows must be. It is still emotional though. And he was lost 10 years ago... and his story isn't in the news... and it isn't some hard to understand mystery.
He is alive.............Life typical insurance fraud
No... there was no life insurance... he was quite young (not married, no kids - no need for it).
I understand the frustration of people because this tragedy hasn't been resolved in a year; especially in a world where we like to think all our technological advances should prevent a mystery like this. Unfortunately they don't. The search area is a remote vastness of ocean, hundreds of thousands of square miles in which you could lose an airliner quite easily. The real mystery is who and why. The catastrophic accident theory (which many at first thought to be the case) doesn't really hold up when you look at the known flight path of the doomed jet. The simple fact that the airliner skirted the coast of Indonesia looks for all intents and purposes to be a deliberate attempt to avoid radar detection. Coupled with the shut down of the ACARS system and the deactivation of the airliners transponder it seems to point in the direction of an act by the pilot. After the avoidance of Indonesian airspace, the jet turned into the Andaman Sea and then on to its appointment with oblivion in the Indian Ocean. The ugly truth is we may never know, but the history of the pilot and his anti-government stance looks more and more like a suicidal act of terrorism aimed at hurting the government he so despised.
Then he must have killed the other cockpit crew members? Or I suppose locked them out of the cockpit, in which case there would have been cabin panic for most of their trip... horrible.
MH370: How Fatal is the Chip That Rothschild Reportedly ‘Acquired’? By Athena Yenko @AringoYenko on April 14 2014 2:09 PM /\ The Australian government is leading the search for the MH370 and exerting all efforts - exhausting Australian taxpayer's money too - to locate the missing plane. /\ "Trying to locate anything 4.5 kilometres beneath the surface of the ocean about 1,000 kilometres from land is a massive, massive task and it is likely to continue for a long time to come," Prime Minister Tony Abbott said at a press conference on Sunday. /\ Racing against the 30-day expected battery life of MH370's blackbox, Australia is already mulling when to deploy an unmanned underwater robot known as an Autonomous Underwater Vehicle. /\ "This work continues in an effort to narrow the underwater search area for when the Autonomous Underwater Vehicle is deployed," the Australian officials said in a statement on Sunday. /\ While Australia is at it and the missing Malaysia Airlines now becaming a national interest, conspiracists, on the other hand, are singing a completely different tune. /\ On March 25, IntellihubNews reported that with the MH370 now missing or 'took down,' Lord Jacob Rothschild acquired a patent for a potent chip created by 20 employees of Freescale Semiconductor Ltd. aboard MH370. /\ On March 24, Freescale Semiconductor Ltd. confirmed that it has 20 employees among the 239 passengers aboard the MH370 - 12 from Malaysia and 8 from China. /\ "Out of respect for the families' privacy during this difficult time, we will not be releasing the names of the employees who were on board the flight at this time," Freescale spokeswoman Jacey Zuniga said. /\ "These were people with a lot of experience and technical background and they were very important people. It's definitely a loss for the company," Mitch Haws, said Freescale's vice president. /\ How destructible could this chip be? /\ In a detailed report from Malaysia Chronicle dated April 8, it said that Freescale launched what could be the world's smallest microcontroller in Feb 2013 called the Kinesis KL02. /\ KL02 measures 1.9 mm by 2mm and contains RAM, ROM and a clock. Even with its minute size, KL02 might be the most potent next-generation war weaponry. /\ Whether remotely controlled or automatically programmed, KLO2 can be utilised to employ drones smaller than flies. Such small-sized drones were allegedly being used to deliver lab-cloned viruses or toxic drugs instrumental for spreading plague, virus and disease; track spy satellites or large scale and hidden weaponries. /\ KL02 could also be injected to devices like Google glass to render the device obsolete or have the device controlled from 'someone' aside from its owner. /\ The chip is also significant in making plausible Pentagon's ultimate dream of human-controlled robotic warrior. It can be injected to bionic prosthetics to control robotic nerves and limbs. /\ 'Killing' the creators of this chip will prevent any leakage or selling of the technology to the Chinese and outside the Malaysian government. /\ It is widely known that China is in its way of advancing its military-applications technology for warfare. /\ The Malaysian government, on the other hand, is rumoured to have acquired rights to a powerful chip which can alter barcode tags in retail goods and can be inserted into human body to by-pass identity verifications. /\ Rothschild family reportedly owns the Malaysian Central Bank which has significant investments in Malaysian government and Malaysian Airlines.
things that make one think how evil someone is for total control of the people and want all the wealth . as I have said before " You never see a brinks truck following a man to his grave now a days "
I still think it went down where contact was last made, and the satellite data was misread, leading the searchers to look for a large curving path, that was actually the satellites path, rather than the planes movement. The airplane manufacturer has more to lose if the plane were found and the cause was discovered to be mechanical. This way, no plane, no lawsuits.
The truth is the Russians downed this plane just like the one in Ukraine. This one's on the tarmac somewhere.
Search along the northern path, where they didn't search.
MH370 is sort of like the Titanic of the 21st Century.
Why is everyone expecting that the authorities can find a plane quickly? Not one, but two planes were lost in the Andes in Chile. Each was found over 50 years after it disappeared. Over 50 airliners have disappeared without a trace since the beginning of commercial aviation.
after a year, consider that your lost loved ones would not want you to be mired in grief and anger. Just savor the best memories you have of them and go on with life. If the truth ever does come out, good for then, but if it never does, your life will be better if you just look ahead to a promising future, not behind to those nagging questions...
As bitter a pill as it must be, reason dictates they have lost their loved ones and any hope of knowing the how and why is astronomically unlikely. At some point they must resign themselves to this, cherish memories and proceed with their lives the best they can. Having personally lost a family member two years before knowing the details I know the burden and it is a heavy one...
The possibility may exist that the plane was remotely managed to fall into the ocean, made to make weird movements in the sky, or who knows what else or simply kidnapped. Hacking may be responsible for the fate of this airplane.
Youtube:Big Flight 370 Lead! Former Malaysian PM Says CIA Covering Up the Truth! I can see this as reality. I know a patent holder for specific improvements on fighter aircrafts and he has been fighting a legal battle since the 80's. This man is now in his 80's. He knows our gov't is using his patent illegally. Fighting legal battles with the U S Gov't is fruitless. The U S Gov't is corrupt. The gov't is just waiting for this man to die of old age but his sons are going to continue with the legal battle. Truthfully, I don't see resolution for this man and his family.
I cannot imagine the pain these families are going through. You KNOW deep down that your loved one is more than likely deceased...but because this plane has never been found...you have a small glimmer of hope that maybe...just maybe, the plane landed on a remote island and your loved one is alive and well. Sigh, I feel for these families.
It must be awful to have no closure. These families have my sympathy. I think the ocean is too deep and vast for the searchers to find the plane. Sadly, it will be a mystery forever.
Airline industry and passengers are not really that important as history has proven to us, It has to be. Think about it for a moment. Satelites can travel million, billion of miles in space after ten years in flight to the end if our solar system knowing at every given moment where they are. The world can't find a plane in our own atmosphere? You do the math and conclusions. Defense rest.
I'm sorry for the families as well as the passengers. Who knows what happened or why but it's just too weird the way it went down. So Sad !!
I cannot begin to imagine what these poor people are going through, and will continue to go through for possibly the rest of their lives. I have thought of how it would be for me, if something like that happened, I do not think I would ever be the same either. :(
How heartbreaking to never know what happened to a loved one, I can't imagine the pain. It is so strange that not a single piece of wreckage ever was found, makes one wonder, did it really crash.
What happened is they crashed into the ocean and died. Period!Accept it and move on!
"Proving it should be "simple really." You can add that to the long list of things about which you know nothing.
"When they prove it crashed, I'll buy that lie." If you "know" that it's a "lie," then you must have some evidence that indicates otherwise. Where is it?
I am calling it. On exactly one year anniversary of March 8, 2015... the flight MH370 will arrive at intended destination with everyone on board and not realizing they have been missing for one year. The reason for this can be easily explained thru time dilation whereby the plane hit some sore of anormaly thus creating theory of special relativity.
In a year something would have floated up, to think otherwise is really stupid.
the fact that NOTHING ever surfaced really makes me wonder if this plane could be on the ground somewhere (could it reach Somalia?) in very bad hands... and could be a potential dirty bomb delivery device?
I think the favorite theory there is that it went to Kazakhstan, to an old Russian air base designed for their 'space plane'. It was abandoned decades ago.
Type in "MH 370 sister plane Israel" and read Role of Israel & Soros Exposed by MH 370 jet in Tel Aviv, By Yoichi Shimatsu on 3-27-14. This will make one call to question maybe the trip that Bibi just made #$%$ @ Iran. Prayers and Peace to the families impacted by this treacherous act, be vigilant, we stand by you.
you may or may not have followed the trend of media reporting when the plane disappeared, but- for 30 days every western media outlet reported about this aircraft disappearance in their front page and first story. then barack obama visited malaysia. the day after obama visited malaysia, there was no more reporting about this missing aircraft until it's 1 year anniversary. i don't know- you tell me.
They need to check over in Pakistan.
Such a tragic situation, and the Malaysian government and the airline seem quite heartless about the devastation that this tragedy has caused for the families of those lost.
All they need to do is thank their local Muslim Terrorists.
Poor survivors of loved ones. The plane may have gone down in a deep part of the ocean. It is possible that it may be way down deep, although mysterious how not one single piece of the plane could be found.
What more can be done? Maybe search in the other direction?
Whatever. It would be great if some form of reality set in for these poor ignorant obsessive locals. Can you imagine if amerikans demanded better news and information from idiots like this?
Remember, they're still looking for Amelia Earhart, and someone only just found a 70,000 ton battleship sunk in WWII. Finding things lost in the ocean isn't necessarily the easiest thing to do.
They found a skeleton with clothing that matched her description actually. Sadly the skeleton was lost before modern science could examine it.
Too much is different to link the two. 1. Technology / search planes were not available when she disappeared. Who knows if there was a debris field or oil slick. 2. Plane size and amount of product on the plane is so more much significant than what she would have on her small plane. This whole event is so odd. The plane would have had to gone in the water in tact to not provide any clues anywhere after a year or crashed on land the fire burnt out before search planes were in the air.
It wouldn't surprise me if the terrorists have it, and they killed everyone privately. They're diabolical and people need to stop underestimating them. It seems debris would have washed ashore somewhere by now if it crashed in the ocean, it crossed the ocean after the tsunami in less time.
I guess like the Titanic, someday it will be found.
Would a soviet Surface To Air missile be out of the question oh brilliant 1's?
It is either on the ground or in another country. Had it hit the water, something would have floated up by now.
Have they checked Roswell? Seems like they just disappeared off the face of the earth. We can track a phone call made in Podunk, but a huge plane goes off all electronic systems. So much for technology.
Rachel, sarcasm becomes you, but you're pretty much a one act show. I think you missed the point.
You have to accept they are not coming back and understand that sometimes there is just no explanation to tragedy. The complete situation is totally devastating, but for your own piece of mind you have to restart your life, nobody can do this for you.
Sorry for the families that lost a loved one. It's not really possible that a plane of this size with this many people could disappear without any trace if it in fact crashed somewhere. Not with today's technology, 50-60 years ago maybe. Eventually the true story of this will come out. For now don't believe these government and media robots as they are spoon fed what they are to say, and report on.
I am sorry but why is it so hard to accept the fact that the plane crashed and everyone perished? Just because we can't find it, is no reason to pretend that anyone could have survived all this time without being found. The relatives need to accept that fact. Their refusal to do so is just plain stupid. I have no sympathy for people who choose to stick their head in the sand, so they don't have to deal with it. We have people go missing in the U.S. all the time without a trace of their existence. So, we put their faces on milk cartons. Big deal!
It's sad but they'll have to find a different kind of closer for there grief. Sometimes things get lost and are never found but life still goes on and they'll need to get on with it...
Losing things has a different impact on a person than losing family.
Obviously everyone on that doomed flight is dead, you all need to get on with living.
Time to let it go and move on with life people. People die everyday. Its part of the cycle of life. You may get run over by a freight train today. Or die in a car crash. Or have a massive heart attack. Or even a stroke. Maybe the next plane you fly on will malfunction and crash into the Ocean. Nothing but the next moment is promised to any of us. To think otherwise is just foolish and arrogant. Make everyday count. The dead are never coming back. Memories are all you are left with. Signed.. Boris Belinski
They know, we know, the MH370 did NOT crash. Period. They spent months and millions of dollars searching the least likely location only to find out how much trash was floating around the ocean. Planes can not vanish in todays world. If crashed, it would have been found. If it was a land crash there would be an obvious crash site which would have burned for days. If it in fact crashed in the ocean it would have been next to impossible with the search effort to find some debris floating on the surface as there are thousands of pieces of seats, luggage ect. The fact they are not considering that the plane landed somewhere at all is in my opinion a blatant red flag we all need to consider.
"They spent months and millions of dollars searching the least likely location only to find out how much trash was floating around the ocean." Lack of evidence is not evidence of something. Using your convoluted logic, then there's just as much evidence that it crashed as that it didn't. "The fact they are not considering that the plane landed somewhere at all is in my opinion a blatant red flag we all need to consider." That has been considered. Your opinion is ill-formed and irrelevant.
Have you heard of the Bermuda Triangle? Many planes have crashed over the years and a trace has never been found. It is is not aliens. It is not a conspiracy. They crashed into a large, deep body of water.
They found a plane 2 weeks ago that had been lost on a mountain for over 5 decades ON LAND. Think about how long it could take to find something say 10,000 feet under water.
Lou, if that is the case why keep searching in an area that they have no evidence of it flying? The last report they got had the plane heading west. Not south. They just assumed, like I did, and went with it and came up with nothing. Alfred, I have heard of the BT and that has nothing to do with MH370. James, we are talking about a large commercial jet liner. Small turboprop planes go missing. You just said it yourself, this plane went down 50 years ago. Technology today is quite a bit different than back then. If the plane hit the ocean they would be debris, plain and simple.
Is not plain or simple. There could be a large debris field that nobody will see for years. That's how big the oceans are.
The blue onion dome produces the fat Asian baby. Turn the blue onion upside down which may upright and it will be top heavy and able to balance.
I cannot imagine what these families are going through!
Is it fair to say that You have a lack of imagination.
Well i think it dint go down in the ocean..after they confiremed they were of for the night..then it disapread,.. i think after they were off for the night..an the pilot said good night. it got HIJACKED.but by whom.an why..some country looking for people to use as slaves..an no i am not black..just a thought of what might have happened
damn dude...i'm all for everyone speaking their minds and what-not, and I am no expert at grammar myself, but proof read your s--t before you post a comment. You sound like an idiot.
The two likely scenarios for the disappearance of the plane: 1) Terrorism 2) Global warming The cause is far more likely to be global warming since, as we know, global warming is responsible for most things.
.....Undoubtedly, this event is caused by George Zimmerman, Boy George, George Zimmer, George Jefferson, Prince George, George Burns, George Bush, George Foreman, George Mitchell, George M. Cohan, George Wallace, George Gershwin, George the Third, George Gobel, George C. Scott, Gorgeous George the Wrestler and...if all else fails, blame it on the Jews......
Why is this such a big deal? People die all the time from different causes. Don't pretend that it was some exceptional tragedy and families are traumatized more than in any other cases.
I think the families deserve answers and the bodies of their loved ones.
Sad for them that they lost their family members, but accept that they are dead and move on. Many people have vanished in our history with no clue as to where they went. Pull it together and move forward.
I'm sure you'd say the same thing if you had a loved one on that plane, right? people like you make people like me lose faith in humanity. have some friggin compassion. If that's not your style, why waste your time insulting others? it has only been a year and they have a right to get answers. not having answers can and will naturally prevent the grieving process. it's not like this is their choice. this flight was irresponsibly lost at sea. someone needs to explain why. moving forward isn't an option when there's nothing good to look forward to.
The answer is the plane crashed into the ocean. I said first that I was sorry they lost loved ones, I never insulted them. I said it was time to move forward. How many others have risked their lives trying to find the plane while sacrificing their time with families? It was not irresponsibility that lost the plane, it was fate. Nobody has a "right" to know what happened. It would be nice, but most likely it will not be solved. The most likely scenario is that the plane hit the water so hard that the pieces are lost forever.
Rob, what is your occupation, please?
"pull it together and move forward" is hugely insulting. you take time out of your days, weeks, months and years working in a job you chose to be in. so are the rescuers. that's not a reason to stop looking. the firefighters on 9/11 didn't stop, even though they knew there was little-no reason to keep going. they're sacrificing time away from their families and risking their own lives because there's more to this world than standing by and doing nothing. some people care.
People die every day, several per day. Why do these people elect to not get over it and go on with life? Death is part of life. You begin to fully live once you have accepted your death is inevitable. Get over it and go on...
Morgan.... maybe it's easy for coldblooded people like you, but not for others.
Maybe you little drama queens should grow up, grow a pair, and face life...! Grow a pair jerry, stop being a drama queen boy.
Morgan you are something else these people can't even get closure on this, they need closure!
I saw someone when I worked at the hospital that had been in a car wreck and her face went through the windshield. It basically peeled her face off, and left her with horrible scars that will never heal. If there was such a thing as karma, this would happen to you.
Maybe Morgan did not put it as sensitive as it should be said but it is a fact when something bad happens to you or a love one. I am saying this as a mother who lost a toddler son after tonsil surgery. Was suppose to be the "cure", not the end. My husband I had a choice to make, let this forever define us and never be happy again, or embrace the memories, the laughter we had for such a short time and go on with what our life held for us. My heart aches every day for this beloved child but he would not have wanted us to waste our lives in sorrow. So, I would have to accept this tragedy as probably never knowing what happened and move forward.
And the insurance companies wont pay you either. No proof they are dead.
"And the insurance companies wont pay you either." Nope, they are already paying...
If they were Americans, the US companies certainty would NOT be paying.
Three were Americans. Now, please show which of those insurers aren't paying as you claim.
Obama has covered up from day one the Islamic attack on your families. Sadly, It's that simple.
Let's prove it and then Obama will burn.
Yeah we know, Obama is responsible for everything negative that happens in the world. Idiots...
How do you know it was not a Islamist terrorist?
@Mark B- Because everyone on the passenger list has been investigated and cleared of belonging to any terroristic group! Now whats makes you think Obama has any knowledge about it?
@Cooperstown - Obama haters don't need facts, they blame him for everything regardless...
these families need closure one way or another. this is so pathetic. my heart goes out to them.
Closure won't come until they accept the reality of the position they're in.
good point jeff but still i want to know where my family is for sure.
Knowing is a relatively modern phenomenon thanks to communications. Prior to that people often never knew what happened to people that left their community.
Davy Jones locker is where those people are RIP.
i THINK THE PLANE HAD A STRUCTURAL CATASTROPHE AND WENT DOWN IN THE SOUTH CHINA SEA. THJEY HAVE BEEN LOOKING IN THE WRONG OCEAN.
So sad. My hear aches for them.
I'll tell you where the planes at! Sitting in a hanger waiting for the Mother of all false flags!
Waiting for the nurse to bring your meds again, I see...
I agree Police state. Sam is a paid debunker.
No, Laura C. I'm a person who likes to live in reality. While it's fun and interesting to debate the crackpot theories of the Alex Jones' /Jesse Venturas' and Oliver Stones' of the world, it doesn't change how the world really works. Anyone that thinks this jet is intact and being hidden somewhere is absolutely delusional. But then again Laura, you think I'm a "paid debunker", so nothing is beyond your fertile imagination. Now quick, put on your tin foil hat, the CIA is bombarding your brain with electro-magnetic ray's that they got from the alien technology found at the Roswell UFO crash site, that they store in Area 51 for the moon landing that never took place!
"Now I just feel sick," he said, chain-smoking Well there's your problem man, stop smoking!
...MH370 carried 440 lbs of Lithium-ion batteries....
Let us repeat this again, Not one shred of plane wreckage has been spotted so far. So who does all of that material just vanish in to thin air? Not even a floating life vest, plastic bag, passenger items oil slick, NOTHING ! So if you don't see it, then it hasen't happened. So you wait until you see, Oh here's the tail of the airplane. Perfect match.
A plane that will never-ever be found.
What is the reason for this story? Nothing else can be done to help these people.They have to suck it up and go on with their lives! The loss of a loved one happens every minute ! That's life.
To the Author of this Article "Dan Martin". Stick with your day job (flipping burgers). How do you link the word "Black Hole" to anything on this earth, let along with emotions?!!! You need to go back to school to learn the meaning of each word. Again, yahoo news has done it again.
This is heartbreaking what happened to those people. where is that plane, it is so weird that not a single piece of wreckage, body parts ever was found, that plane is somewhere but it did not crash for sure....hope they are alive somewhere....weird very weird
what would it hurt to speak with the Georesonance, the company that claims to have found a plane (looks like a plane) in the Bay of Bengal? If they are persuing EVERY avenue..why not that one?
Georesonance is a dude sitting in a basement on google earth.
turn to obama, hes a man that will get you answers.
the plain truth is no one is willing to admit muslim terrorists either crashed or stole this aircraft and if stolen murdered the passengers and crew.
They would have claimed the action for publicity. Nice try though, got a realistic theory?
the u.s. , russia and china know where the aircraft is. russian and chinese news are censored in the u.s. so don't plan on the u.s. media ever telling you the plane landed near the border of afghanistan/pakistan.
speaking of black hole... moooooochelle's not been the news much in her fashionable new moo-moo she's been sporting while on another grand vacation she's been taking on the tax-payer's dime.....
It's over. Accept it and move on.
Ok, call the search off, its been way to long and something will turn up at some point.. Get on with your lives people, its a tragedy I know. But life has to go on , others need support too.
there not dead.. that plane landed
"You can't spend the rest of your life crying. It annoys people in the movies."
I bet some of the parts can be found on the black market.
very scary very ghostly - not shot not crash - just vanish - not flying any more
It must be under the ocean ? and it has broken up in 2 to 3 pieces ..., and the people looking for the air plane are looking for one single peace of the air plain ...., what a big mistake ...., the people looking for the missing plain are doing ....
You need to be between towers. Out on the ocean that wouldn't work.
" MH370 families trapped in 'black hole' one year later" then they are gone from this universe
It is possible for the ill fated plane went into some kind of a time warp .
IF a plane crashes in the ocean usually there is debris or something floating around from the impact.. I really hope they can find this plane and give those families closure. I could not even imagine. They found that plane in the mountains a month ago from 50 years back there is hope