The best debris are suitcases, luggage wallets and purses with passports, ids and credit cards. They are mostly made of plastic and should float for thousands of miles. I'm surprised they haven't found one yet.
Could be they were collected and are being held in secret? If you find something be careful. You could loose your head.
239 people and a Boeing 777 disappearing without a trace for over a year: can you imagine a more glaring proof of the incapability of Man?
This discovery is a hoax. Those with inside information know that Flight 370 and all the people aboard were abducted by aliens from the planet Zaahoohia in the RYTX423 star system. These are the same forces responsible for global warming, the deaths of Elvis, Toupak, JFK, Ghandi, and Jesus Christ. Soon the earth will be at war with them as they continue to such the moisture from this planet. Lock your doors and duct tape your windows. You could be next!
Gerry springer,over here,more people for your show
Mystery. It should have taken about 30 minutes to call serial/parts numbers into Boeing for MH370 confirmation and a 777 confirmation.
Yeah, but they want to put on a good show for the relatives of the victims in this case because they know those people are going to need way more than we do before they let their loved ones go.
.....or, if explosive shrapnel sign were observed on the wing section....France would sent this off to a military lab for analysis...stalling....as the whole ball game changes, if there are indication MH370 was shot down....high probability; as MH370 was flying low with transponder "manually" turned off....in a line toward Diego Garcia Naval Support Station...any number of Nations could have shot down this airline....not being able to find MH370 is bad enough....and our World is already tensed-up (a condition of our time)....explosive shrapnel on MH370 aircraft parts, would set-up a World Class Mess.
Hopefully, this is from the plane and investigators can piece together what happened and why. I hope this is the start of bringing closure to the families of the crew and passengers. God bless all those aboard MH370 and those searching for her.
Thanks to God, the victim families may find peace in their mind as to what happened to the plane. 515 days have been too long waiting for the news.
Just leave the debris in the ocean. The ocean needs them more than Malaysia does. Lets just move on shall we. No more debris, no more investigation, no more wasting time, money and energy on this. Lets just close this case and move on. Whatever anybody finds after this, just let them keep it as souvenir. Lets just get going.
imagine if one of them is a part of your family, would you want to let it go?
yes. i will ask them to stop searching and wasting tax payers money. it has been more than a year. what more we would possibly want or expect? that they are still alive and come home from the bottom of the ocean? we need to move on
This has got to be the most selfish comment yet on this issue!
yeah... tell that to Boeing who's been lying to us the whole time and should be investigated and questioned. They should have all their flights data and should not hide them. We should not be wasting time, money and energy in this issue. We should stop acting and held Boeing responsible. Instead they published news saying Boeing is the most safest planes in the world. LOL
Forget about all of your conspiracy theories. Ask if there was a shipment of lithium batteries on this flight in the cargo hold. Many airlines have banned them from being carried on passenger flights (Cathay for example) Once they start to burn they cannot be put out. They need to be banned from the air, especially on passenger airplanes. Would put money on saying this is what happened to MH370.
Just think about it for a minute. Would a fire cause the plane to do a turn around, change altitude and fly a thousand miles with out a peep from the flight crew? If a fire so disabled the aircraft so bad, how could it the fly such a long distance
Kevin. Aliens were responsible for this disappearance.
Both pilots entered wrong coordinates and fell asleep !
Every new plane part found on or near Reunion shoots another hole in all those "It landed somewhere" conspiracy theorists I'm afraid...
At least the islands in the new debris area will be able to dispose of all their beach garbage by sending it all to France.
At the individual level....it seems simple to decide on whether debris found is from MH370 or just regular ocean debris.....everyday folks think.....if it quacks like a duck, walks like a duck....it is a duck. Whereas; Nations have a very different thought pattern.......if it quacks like a duck, walks like a duck.....it might be a turtle! Therefore, off to France goes an obvious duck, to be certified "duck". But, on a more serious note....the high seas search team is searching along and arc they drew in the ocean being called the 7th Arc. Did anyone notice, that if this 7th Arc is flipped over on it's side (not end to end)...all of the debris would shoot right across the Indian Ocean toward all land areas in the Reunion, Madagascar, Diego Garcia, Ross Island, and the many unnamed Atolls in this section of the Indian Ocean???? Another important thing to note...the found airplane piece, and the burned air plane seat, along luggage, all arrived in May 2014....MH370 was lost in March 2014....not very long for debris to drift. related website articles: "Search redirected for doomed flight 370" "MH370 sent pings on its location up to 5 hours after disappearance, says Wall Street" "Mh370:Possible aircraft door discovered on Reunion after other debris found.
Wait a Couple more months ? The whole plane will be there
Dear Malaysian Gov'Ment....DO NOT HELP....you lied to everyone from the get go! You have no clue! You cannot even report when the plane had turned..or even missing! You could not or would not provide any info hours into the missing jet! It seems to us, the dumb cluck Malaysian Gov'Ment is a bunch of Dumb Clucks!!!
I agree. The fact that the safest plane on earth (claimed by Boeing) went missing, untraceable in the first place was strange enough. Malaysian gov should not wasting their time and money to search for this plane. Lets just move on.
Wing Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 The script is explained in link. "Putin", a nazi agent, is part of staging the fake "downed Boeing" act, end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
Wanna the true ? either the pilot(s) entered wrong coordinates and fell asleep or they are suicidal !
commie billionaire Xi is in vacation ?
Freescale semi-conductors. A revolutionary micro chip. Value + trillions. All 20 senior execs were on board MH370. The rights to freescale revert to their banker, rothschild. What more do we need to know ?