Part of me in like, "Come on people, you're in denial if you are still holding up hope that they are alive... " But then if I were in their shoes, with no closure and really no idea what actually transpired that day... Well perhaps I'd have the same reaction. I don't know. I will say that finding this piece is rather interesting. Of course we don't entirely know what it's from yet for certain. I look forward to hearing the definitive findings once properly identified.
I'd just want some closure if I lost somebody on that flight.
Regardless of what happened to the plane those people are dead. Consider the logistics of keeping them alive this long without asking for a ransom.
The whole thing is a tragedy. The fact that any of these people thought their loves ones were still alive is a tragedy too.
I feel really bad for all of them and especially bad for those who still have hope. It's time for them to have closure. It's not like the plane can still be flying around somewhere. I hope they can move on with their lives.
Their loved ones are still at the bottom of the Indian Ocean, how absolutely horrible!
The wreckage will help determine whether that plane broke apart in air or when it hit the ocean. But there are no survivors either way. The reason for the plane's destruction is important to the investigators, so yes... this is one giant step in understanding what went wrong so suddenly.
The major currents in the Indian, Atlantic, and Pacific oceans connect like gears, with the northern current turning clockwise and the southern current turning counterclockwise, but not in a perfect circle. The Boeing 777 flaperon ended up in a place down current from where MH370 is presumed to have hit the water. Only one Boeing 777 in the world is missing. Now it's just a matter of finding the plane 1,500-2,000 miles west of Perth, Australia.
Not knowing is torture, holding onto hope, going into a denial mode is possibly what enabled some loved ones to endure the past 16mo. Add the distrust many feel towards this airline. It's a mental pain I hope to never face. There are family members of abducted children, military MIA's, etc who've spent their entire life in denial/false hope because there has never been closure, hopefully, when wreckage is offically ID as MH370, the harsh reality will allow a grieving process to start. May they all find a form of solace that helps them to move forward out of this nightmare.
Totally agree that it's torture. It's like constantly being in a volatile state. The instability of that, especially chronically, is a nightmare. That lady did right to turn to Buddhism... the concepts of Buddhism and the practice of meditation can and does alleviate suffering.
If this is the wreckage of the plane at least it will allow some closure for the families. It probably won't determine what happened but at least we will know that the plane went down in the ocean someplace (and the plane wasn't hijacked and landed someplace or aliens took the plane and passengers). But before we jump to conclusions they need to at least verify that the part was indeed from the missing plane. We heard too many stories and possibilities about what happened to talk about the flight again, let's make sure that this part is from that plane first and we can speculate about it later.
Sympathies to the survivors, but this is clearly definitive proof that the plane went down in the ocean. Considering how far the debris might have floated, it's unlikely the rest will ever be found. It's likely at the bottom of the ocean in an area tens of thousands of square miles.
I can't imagine what it must be like for the families not knowing exactly what happened to their loved ones. I pray they will get some answers soon.
Anyone not had experience with tragic loss may not be aware how critical closure is in the process of healing. It's like a fork in the road, and you're stuck there until one side of the road is closed before your eyes, and then you can move on to the other side, and get on with your life.
Sometimes hope is the only thing that gets you though. With not a clue for 16 months it gave them more hope & a realization that hope maybe fading. God I do not know what I would do, but if I did not have proof I would go nut wondering "what if". It appears the answer is at hand, and these families must relive the pain all over again. God grant them answers and comfort.
If it were my family members on that plane I'd just want to know the hard facts even if it meant the worst. At least there could be some measure of closure and healing. Whoever thinks anyone is still alive is just kidding themselves, sad to say.
The sad reality is this is the closest they have to closure. These families will likely never really know what happened and the reality is all their family members are dead. It's very hard not knowing during a time like this but this debris is something rather than having nothing.
Never say never. There was a plane that, though it was established it crash, disappeared for over 52 years and the mystery was considered to be unsolvable until the ice it was entombed in (it crashed into a snow covered mountain and was buried) slid down the mountain and melted when it reached the valley solving the mystery once and for all. Now given if the plane crashed in the middle of the Indian Ocean is less likely to have evidence just show up, this piece can be the proof of never say never. The currents of the last 16 months are on record and it's possible from this debris, assuming it is indeed from flight 370, it's possible to calculate where this debris orginated from.
I would encourage people to visit the Australian Broadcasting Company site. Since the Australians have been doing most of the search they have better and more detailed news stories on this latest information.
My heart goes out to the families of those victims/passengers, however, for them to hold out hope and wish that the plane had been hijacked rather than gone down is kinda cruel. I mean, not to sound rude, but I would rather my loved one go down on the plane than wish them hostages to anyone. I'm realistic in believing that NO hostage is given the spa treatment and fed fancy meals and treated with kindness. And to wish 16 months of them being mistreated and tortured? No way! Not if I loved them so much! Rather than wish them harsh treatment of such, my heart would be at some peace believing they have passed and moved on....but I understand they need closure and seeing is believing.
I laugh at their pain! I hope more of these stories happen!
If they're alive they are in some kind of slavery. It's not what I would want.
Denial is a natural human behavior. Not to be criticize nor ridiculed. These families and friends have been in such pain for 16 months. How can anyone go through such drama without knowing the real ending, horrible situation, may the result of this finding be the beginning of a serious healing process for all these families and friends of the passengers. If the wing belongs to MH 370!!!!
A soft landing in the Indian Ocean means the person responsible may be alive. but wants everyone on the planet to think he is dead. The person responsible would have to know quite as bit about a lot of things, the plane, fly by wire, plane fail safes,and rescue protocol. What is a big mystery is what was the plan after he ran the plane out of fuel at low attitude and was hundreds of miles away from shore. He would almost by necessary have to have a partner or two. If then have not done so the police should be looking for any one of the #$%$ pit crew or both.
Don't mean to be a cold SOB, but after 16 months were they still considering the possibility of those passengers being alive?
I felt it was possible if the theory this plane was in fact taken somewhere and landed. But it appears that is not likely. Their have been so many questions and no answers till possibly now. It would not have surprised me if a terrorist group had showed up with these people and wanted a ransom one day. That's how terrorists work. They take years to make terror.
Without any debris from the plane, they were hoping that they had been kidnapped and hidden somewhere. If the debris is found, the plane has crashed, all hope is now gone. Hope exists when no evidence exists. Now there is evidence.
Feed and hide 240 people for 16 months. Certainly.
Don't you think some type of radar would have picked up the plane being diverted, sooner or later?
People want to believe against all odds that there might be the remotest chance that their loved one is still alive. That's not stupidity. Their rational mind can work it out but their hearts and souls still hope that they're alive. It's like being given a terminal diagnosis for cancer. Many people have survived against all odds. I fervently hope that they find the plane so the families can have closure and begin the grieving process because it is a process. But until there is conclusive proof, many will have difficulty. It's just like people whose children disappear. They always hold out hope that they are alive somewhere. I guess it's just human nature.
Aliens have food fit for human consumption too, y'know
There's one word that describes them. Idiots!
They are definitely in a bit of denial. The sad thing is though, they're in a limbo. They don't have any definitive closure (remains or physical evidence) so I think naturally there's something in the back of their minds that is so desperate for a chance to see their loved ones again, that they're holding onto hope. It's a painful limbo that families of the missing have to endure. It's probably quite difficult to move on, not knowing for 10000% sure.
Yes, people will hold on to the slightest glimmer of hope, but it's way past time to step back let reality take over. The plane crashed into one of the most remote areas on the planet. Let that sink in. No pun intended. In relation to the size of the Indian Ocean, a 777 is not even a fly speck.
I hope they never find their remains!
If you have love ones on that plane, you, yourself will have "hope," that there are possibility of passengers being alive.
@Nathaniel, sorry you missed your flight that day.
This evidence has to answer some questions about the flight, and perhaps time will reveal many others, but without a message from the two in the cockpit we will never know exactly what happened.
I hope it's the plane. Give the people some closure or start to anyway, and searchers can perhaps get a better idea of where the rest of the plane is. I wonder if that piece has been floating since the beginning, indicating a breakup at altitude, or if it was still attached to the plane and eventually broke free and floated up and away.
Looks like some Aussie P-3C Aircrew are going to get to go to Reunion Island. The logical conclusion is that if one piece drifted that far then other debris will as well. If an aileron and a suitcase washed up, wouldn't other stuff! I hope they are able to at least give the families closure so some of them that are still grieving and not accepting the inevitable truth can properly mourn and move on. Bless their hearts.
Why are these plane crash stories interesting and newsworthy? Because they are so rare. 88 people died in car accidents in the USA yesterday. 88 or so will tomorrow and every day this year. Barely a peep about it. Plane travel is incredibly incredibly safe. It is so safe that when 162 people are missing probably dead it is headline news. 3000 dead this month on our roadways is not a headline you often see. In some ways it is a matter of control. When you drive a car you think you have control, unfortunately, most are delusional. You can drive a safe car (like a Volvo) and have good insurance (I use $30/month from Insurance Panda), but even still… half of all car deaths are the other guys fault - you have zero control. All it takes is 1 texting teenager, 1 drunk, 1 stroke victim or 1 sleepy truck driver and you are dead. Happens 40-50 times every single day in the USA alone. In a way this coverage maintains the irrational out sized fear people have of certain things. Same with terrorism which is less likely to harm you than a lightning strike. At some point the media might want to stop preying on irrational fear and educate people on the true dangers in life. Don't hold your breath.
While your at it... Abortions in the United States ... 1.058 million per year: 2,899 per day: , 120 per hour: , 1 abortion every 30 seconds
I mean come on. Do they think that all 239 are in on some big joke and decided to hide for 15 months and not contact anyone in the outside world. Why torture yourself? We all have lost loved ones. These people have gone for a long time now. They are not coming back. Make your peace with it as you would with a car accident death or heart attack death or cancer death. Don't have hope that they all are playing the biggest and longest practical joke on everyone only to return 3 years later.
Agreed. They are dead. But I am not onvinced they died in a plane crash.
^^ Oh come on. There is nothing to show otherwise.
No Chris, they don't believe that all 239 are in on some "big joke"....they are hanging on to any they can to keep from giving up. I'm sure there is someone in your life that you would hold out hope for even against all odds. Their day of reality will come and with it even more tremendous pain.
Naked PP... c'mon are you insinuating they have been abducted by aliens? Cut that #$%$ idea of aliens.
Maria, as I said, we all have lost people close to us but you have to let go. I nor you can stop living our lives and keep thinking they are coming back. Hold on to those cherished memories and move on. Thats what we all do. All this does is keep bringing up the bad memory of that dreadful day.
This is certainly a difficult reports for the families to relive the grief. I hope they do find marking or serial# on the part so they clearly determine its origin. I think that "CLOSURE" may be helpful to some but not others. The life's will never come back but maybe if solving the mystery helps the process for some lets hope this find can lead to that.
Well there goes all those theories that the conspiracy theorists have.
Oh no, they're already modifying their crazy theories to explain this away. Some just cannot except the most reasonable or logical explanation based on what is known, is most likely or makes sense.
@goatcheeseisbad and so is your grammar - "accept" not "except"
Thanks Barb, I do not often make grammatical errors.
What do you mean? It couldn't possibly take so long for this piece to float to an island. it should have only taken a day. This is obviously a plant by the government.....(sarcasm)
yeah the plane was brought down over the fact a whole company was on board that held a ton of patents because they were weapons makers.......after watching the anonymous video i started looking my self....the company closed its doors 2 week after the plane went down because every one to the CEO was on board.....when seeing the fact the list of patents this company had was all about missiles and their guidance systems you start to get a clue......it was about money and not selling stuff the to part Asia.....i dont care if i get thumbs down for this........the fact a whole company was on flight kinda says something as well....watch the video look up the company then go down the list of people on board and their is all the clues you need
A hijacking and after 16 months, no ransom? Highly doubtful Sorry to all those who lost loved ones but they ARE lost
if they are lost, maybe someone will find them
If this was a crash or explosion, then it's impossible for the plane to be in pieces. This is because jet fuel can not melt steel. It's a fact.
Sad that people lost loved ones. Sad the sting reappears.
Some people hope that the plane landed on an island with dark-skinned topless four breasted gorgeous women and that their loved ones are on the beach sipping on fruity drinks with little umbrellas on top.
550 days and they finally find a big clue, it may or may not be from this plane, hopefully it is, they can rest easier now, no bodies have been recovered, probally never will find any remains, free shark food.
One can only imagine the horror that the families are going through, again. May God comfort them in their loss. Now with the possible remnants of the aircraft, ocean current experts can back track and narrow the possible search area for the spot where the plane went down.
Those people have been dead a long time now. The motive of the pilots though will likely remain a permanent mystery.
i dont think the pilots had anything to do with it
Rob, The pilots intentionally turned off the transponder. They didn't want to be tracked. That wasn't an accident.
yeah as a pilot i have had a couple of those #$%$ out on me......you were not on the plane to know....we will have to see if they find the plane
CNN must be thrilled. Now they can go back to their constant coverage of the airplane part that was found...with side coverage of the white cop in Cincinnati. Apparently their 2 favorite stories.
If they declare FLT 370 lost forever this search will end and everyone will go home. Money will stop flowing into the search project and many people will be out of work. As long as bits and pieces of the possible parts of the plane surface every once in awhile the the search will go on and the money will continue to flow.
About time to wake up. They are not hidden in a cave in the Indian Ocean. And I was recently at the Magic Kingdom and no one passed me a note.
Family members really want to see their loved one to believe it, apparently. In this case it won't happen. The chances are very remote that the remains of the plane will ever be found.
I hope they don't let the Malaysian Government anywhere near any found debris. They screwed up so much already with not reporting important info.in the past, ect.
I still find it pretty wild that a Jumbo Jet considering all of todays technology and radar detection software just vanished out of thin air without a trace. Makes me wonder just exactly HOW the plane went down in the first place if it had no contact established.
There is a device onboard most big planes. Most Airlines are too cheap to pay for the service. Think of it as OnStar for planes.
Kyle... take it a step further! This plane (apparently) flew over Diego Garcia... the most advanced radar system in existence... completely undetected!
What did these people think? Did they think the passengers were still alive? If they did, why have most accepted payment from the airlines. The plane crashed in the ocean, they are all dead. The only mystery is why it crashed and exactly where.
In the next few days, they will: 1) know what brand that piece of luggage is, 2) a family member will know that it was on that plane, and 3) the fire damage will be shown ..... strongly indicating that there was a fire that was extinguished at one time during that flight.
Hopefully someday soon they have some answers.
Seems the obvious truth is being ignored.
so sorry for the families for i was hoping and praying that they weren't gone but guess only God knows why RIP for all the gone.
Torn about what? Their loved ones are dead. A sad story and one that requires investigation to determine how to minimize the likelihood of this occurring again. But it is time for them to accept reality and move on.
They can't get off the island. It's purgatory.
The agony will end in January 2017
I'm Catholic. In school, the nuns taught us that if you say "Jesus, Mary, Joseph, I love you, save souls" it would free those poor souls stuck in purgatory- a fate, we were told, that is worse than death itself. Not saying I believe it, but it can't hurt...
I was making a Lost reference.
I wonder how many people consider THE OTHER MASLAYSIAN plane that was shot down over the Russia/Ukraine border..and read the article quoting the rebel geeral who stated that the bodies on that plane actually"appeared to have already been dead for awhile".It was also exactly the same type of plane, from the same country. I wonder, do 99% of people just sweep facts like this under the carpet, put on a happy face and convince themselves that NOTHING is connected and that only crazy people or people on drugs suggest there REALLY ARE such things as conspiracies?
The rebel general was no forensic medical expert. His absurd claim that the bodies from an airliner that took off with healthy passengers just a few hours before had "already been dead for awhile" was an outrageous attempt to deflect responsibility.
He was acting as a spokesman as generals usually do, and probably got the information from the paramedics and other medical personnel who sorted through the debris looking for survivors.
EDITOR..........You are shill of the day! PP man here is stating fact, a journalist took video, commented for all to see, yes they looked like cadavers. Look , open your mind you shill and pull your head outta Wolf Shitzers *&^% !
"I wonder, do 99% of people just sweep facts like this under the carpet, put on a happy face and convince themselves that NOTHING is connected" Yes, that is basically what is happening! Dots are never connected by the majority of people... they don't know because they don't wanna know!
A society weaned on energy drinks and Reality TV. Whattaya expect?
you people are just plain crazy.. and your just making reality harder for those who are suffering over this crash.
they tracked the plane to where it would have run out of fuel.... how is that giving them any hope??
So the problem with this conspiracy theory is what happened to all the people who were supposedly on MH17 and what does this really accomplish? You are suggesting they were taken off of that plane and replaced with dead bodies from MH370. Then the recovery teams at the MH17 crash site took those bodies, passengers from MH370, and hid them again. (They still have not been located.) Meanwhile, the passengers of MH17 were executed and the bodies were mangled to make it look like they were in a plane crash and then returned to their families. I am not sure I understand what shuffling around these dead bodies accomplishes in this conspiracy theory.
James, you are attacking this problem from the #$%$ end of it... finding convoluted reasons or solutions is irrelevant and counter-productive. What you are essentially asking is, "what is the reason for this?" And you are #$%$uming that just because we can't fully understand the reason, then we must be wrong in claiming that the story being sold to us is a lie. That's backwards thinking.
Trying to reconstruct the events and finding a motivation is "backward thinking?" What you are suggesting is that all the people on MH370 had been dead for some time and were being hidden somewhere. Then they were put MH17. After it was shot down they collected the bodies and hid them again. It just makes no scene. Why spend all this time and money moving dead bodies around when simply doing nothing would accomplish the same thing? I think that if you are going to make that claim then you should be able to provide some kind of proof. Or at a minimum some kind of a motivation.
"What you are suggesting is that all the people on MH370 had been dead for some time and were being hidden somewhere." No, I'm not suggesting that! That's why I say you are attacking this from the wrong end. Basically you are using this kind of logic... Some people think aliens killed JFK... therefore all conspiracy theories about JFK are buII@#$%! I am not saying anything about the bodies, or about MH17, because those details are irrelevant. I am only saying that planes cannot fly anywhere in the vicinity of Diego Garcia undetected. And yet Diego Garcia Island has maintained from the beginning that they know nothing about this plane. Meanwhile, a piece of the plane has suddenly appeared in the very near vicinity of DG. From the beginning, fingers have been pointed at Diego Garcia Island, for very good reason. And this latest news does NOTHING WHATSOEVER to turn that finger in any other direction! All of the other nonsense about dead bodies and MH17 is BACKWARDS THINKING!
Now you are completely changing your stance. All of my comments are based on the quote in the original post, "I wonder how many people consider THE OTHER MASLAYSIAN plane that was shot down over the Russia/Ukraine border..and read the article quoting the rebel geeral who stated that the bodies on that plane actually"appeared to have already been dead for awhile'.It was also exactly the same type of plane, from the same country.'" How could they have been dead for a while if they were not being hidden and switched for some reason? I really don't follow your reasoning at all. Maybe you could start over and reexplain the connection between the 2 flights. Who were the bodies from the crash site of MH17 that had been dead for a while? Presumably they were not the people who boarded MH17 because they were alive when they got on the plane hours before. Where did the bodies come from? (MH370??) And what happened to the living people who were on MH17?
I understand the concerns of the family, but I have to ask: how much money is being spent looking for aluminum parts at the bottom of a vast ocean?
The plane isn't being searched for to appease the families. Boeing and the rest of the airline industry would like to know what happened to the plane.
i think most of the friends and relatives of the passengers just want to find out what actually happened ... not that it would exonerate their grief ... nor did they want to find somebody to blame or to sue ... but it would help to settle their mind ... I suppose for the dead ... they would also want to let the living know what happened ...
The "why" would give them the much needed closure. Once the relatives have that, they will be able to deal with the grief. IMO one of the hardest things in dealing with grief is not knowing why.
You have to be way more specific, since there are so many idiots out there. To which idiots were you referring, so I can make more accurate snarky comments?
Maybe its a piece of FLIGHT 77- seeing as they didnt "find" anything at the pentagon, maybe the "wind" carried it out there like it did when the other plane "crashed" in shanksville and the "wind" carried debris from that crash 10 miles away.
Please note that is not the wing itself, as the wing has a smooth milled surface with no rivets. However, the piece may be part of the flaps or aileron/flaperons. Those are attached to the wings as control surfaces and the flaps are riveted as they are only extended for takeoff and landing and the rivets would not cause any significant drag in the high speed cruise regime.
Oh come on, all the MH370 passengers are DEAD!
OK. I'm cruel. But these people seem to be like the Flagellants of the little ice age who went around Europe beating themselves bloody to offer sacrifice to their Christian god hoping he would change the weather. Adding a little incentive by killing Jews along the way. The plane has been gone for 16 months and all the weeping, crying and moaning only serves to keep the pain alive.
They have to know by now if this is part of that plane. It's as simple as Boeing comparing a couple serial numbers. not rocket science. Wonder if they are notifying next of kin or something. Shouldn't have take more than a couple hours to confirm or deny if this is part of that plane. Not right to keep these families in pain.
Right, Dave. That was what CNN was reporting yesterday, with four "experts" agreeing that it shouldn't take more than a couple of hours to identify that part. "It'll be a visual for whomever looks at it." Strange, isn't it? The part has an ID number on it which would immediately reveal if it was from that flight. Why so long?
To all you conspiracy bozos I am laughing at you just like I did 16 months ago.....but you keep holding on to 9/11 and JFK conspiracies if it makes your life more exciting. BTW what happened to the "ebola was purposely released by the government for population control" conspiracy? I guess that one went down the tubes also. WAKE UP people.....you are idiots programmed into thinking that every news event is a government plot.
There's been some debate in the media recently how terrorists are grooming pilots to act as lone wolves. The other thing that's noteworthy is experts and mathematicians who've said if the plane entered the ocean in a vertical position it wouldn't break apart at the same rate it would if it had hit the water at an angle. It would just hit the ocean floor at a massive speed causing it to disintegrate upon impact. So it's possible the rest of this aircraft along with the passengers are dust.
Even a large airliner will not hit the ocean floor unless it were very shallow in the area. I don't know exactly how far it would travel at high speed into the ocean when vertical, but not much further than a few times it's length (I would guess 2-3 times it's length). The debris would be larger if the aircraft hit at a shallow angle and the aircraft may even remain intact in a smooth sea (remember the river landing in New York?). An aircraft is made to hit nothing except air, and even at excessive speeds and angles the aircraft structure can fail.
Jenny... once you hear the term "lone wolves" radars should be going off in your brain! That is a media-manufactured concept... it is sheer nonsense! Regain control of your brain cells...
The primary objective of terrorists is to create terror and fear! Terrorists would have claimed responsibility for this event and celebrated it, not kept it a secret. The disappearance of this aircraft was something else.
@Holy Moly, lone wolves don't necessarily operate on the premise that they're given orders from a terrorist organization or are even communicating with such a group. They can accept the organization's philosophy and ambitions, and then act without direction or assistance.
The circus is about to start again! Keep your eye on the center ring where we will flush another $100 billion dollars down the drain investigating this debacle!
Jacquita Gomes can does not worry. Her husband, along with other members of the crew, jumped off from an airplane with a parachute and has not forgotten to turn on the timer of thermobaric bomb. It is necessary to thank designers Boeing for this cunning, before firm Boeing will to move all resources for limits of the USA.
I don't want to brag but I had s3x with my latina girlfriend this morning before work... and based on the last few text messages we have exchanged we are about to get it on again in a couple of hours... she has been extra #$%$ lately... life is good right now : )
This was a very sad day when the plane vanished but after these many months she needs counseling very bad. There is no hope for anyone on that plane to be alive today. Obviously there are many others that are in the same situation and need help and I surely hope that they get it. His resting in peace is not determined by whether she knows what happened but where he spends eternity. That is between him and God not Allah
Might want to educate yourself there sparky, Allah is the Arabic word for God.
This is B.S., they having coding information stamped on the side of some of the debris that a simple search on the Airline's or manufacturer's computers can easily identify and confirm this does belong to the missing airplane. Someone needs to pull their head out of their butt and give these families some relief. They've had over a year to compile as much information on this missing jet to get with the program!!!
Every piece of debris isn't coded you moron
Now there is a US intelligence official saying that a passenger took over this plane (hijack).
I'm glad China finally started planting the evidence to bring this one to a conclusion. It's nice to let the family members have some closure.
Almost every piece of every part of a commercial jet has a serial number on it. This is why Boeing is crying out to have this piece of data returned to them immediately. They will be able to tell within a day which aircraft this came from without a doubt. But so far, the malaysian government is refusing to send this segment to the US. Talk about corruption and coverup.
News Bulletin for the slow-witted: if this debris comes from MH370, that means that this airplane managed to fly undetected over the most advanced radar system in the history of mankind (Diego Garcia Island)! There is absolutely ZERO chance that could happen! The idea that a rogue (hi-jacked) 777 could fly over Diego Garcia without them knowing about it is one of the most ridiculous stories I have ever heard in my lifetime... and that includes the story of Santa Claus! You have to be BRAIN DEAD to be buying this load of nonsense!
Congrats to the guy who gave this a thumbs down... you are officially brain dead!
That flap has had a year to float along with ocean currents.
yeah have your ever heard of the gulf stream???? do you know their is one just as big in the idian ocean??
Db: I fly over that island all the time and they never notice.
DB, what are your thoughts on 911, Pearl Harbor, chem trails, HAARP, and of course, the Moon landings? By all means, take your time.
Generall... #$%$! That island is there for one reason and one reason only... aircraft detection in the Indian Ocean! And let's recall that this plane had gone rogue, and they would have certainly been the first people called to look for it! Clarity... your questions are irrelevant, so I can safely assume you have nothing intelligent to say on this subject!
News bulletin for you DB, currents in the ocean tend to move things.
Db, i destroyed that place months ago. It no longer exists.
News bulletin for DB. Ocean currents don't, and never will, fly over Diego Garcia.
DB, nice dodge; exceptionally lazy, too.
HO... what are you saying? This plane crashed in the South China Sea and floated to Reunion Island? Really? Clarity... dodging has nothing to do with it... those questions have nothing to do with this event. Whatever I believe with any or all of those events has no bearing on my opinion with this event, and whether or not any of my opinions on any of those events are correct or incorrect, it has nothing to do with whether or not my opinion on this event is valid.
Can't help but wonder how long this debris has been on that beach. Must be in an isolated area if they found it while doing a clean up on the beach. Otherwise, they would have found it as soon as it washed ashore.
Most coast areas north and east are not really sand beaches, really rugged. The best beaches are in the west and south. A beautiful Island, especially the Cirques.
Had barnacles all over it. It's been in the water longer than on shore
6 more months and we'll have Trump as President.
It's indeed that the missing plane could be discovered or found ' only ' with the will of God the Al-Mighty. Let's do the praying.
You did create a weird god with a sick sense of humor.
Just a lie to take the focus off the JFK assassination.
I'm going to throw a scenario out there: ISIS hi-jacked the plane and purposely tossed parts into the water at the beginning to be found...Why ? Because they are harvesting the peoples organs for big bucks.
I knew eventually this plane would return from its outer space journey.
Are they holding out hope that aliens abducted them?
It is possible human beings from the future highjacked it. have you seen the movie millenium?
Yeah; I remember that one with Cheryl Ladd and Kris Kristopherson.
Close encounters of the absurd kind. Sixteen months, and they're optimistic? Remember what happened to Gilligan, and that was only a three hour cruise.
At least Gilligan's got stranded with a couple of babes...
I guess it's human nature for many to try to continue believing in something so ludicrous. Look at the Bible.
LOL, you're one of those people who believe everything came from nothing when that nothing exploded and created everything that exist?
Ahh, more determination from atheists who can't possibly prove they are correct. At least people of faith acknowledge that they don't KNOW for sure. You people are such hypocritical buffoons. You are nearly as entertaining as all the conspiracy theorists out there; . . . nearly.
tom and clarity are both stupid.
@lack of clarity.......do you really think a jew would die for you when they are fighting over a 3000 year old pile rubble??? no jew would ever die for you
this is hilarious, i would love to hear the cries and screams coming from the liberals and minorities. Music to my ears. Jews and liberals cries for help would be delicious
if your white your now are a minority.....
Ignorant racists. Go crawl under a rock.
Well, they are Orientals, who like to goan and moan for 20 years, like the heathen do!
Aliens need to attack the earth soon and wipes out the human race.
The TWO missing boys, and the plane, they are gone, people, just pray for them! Horrible way to go folks!
I guess I'm pretty insensitive when it comes to death..... HEY, MH370 family members - NONE OF US IS GETTING OUT OF HERE ALIVE! We're all going to die - some by old age, some by accidents, some by disease, some by PLANE CRASHES. Deal with it and move on - are you going to spend the rest of your lives mourning the victims of this crash? Too bad for you to be wasting what, 3 years so far, whining and grieving? Get over it. OR, as I suspect, are you trying to manipulate this tragedy to extort some money out of the airline or the government??? You're old news...nobody cares about your fake grief - get a life.
I assume you are single. If not, what low self esteem your other half must have.
Hi my name is "Rudy" and i am officially a "social moron" from: The rest of the world
GEEWHIZ: So, you need someone else's approval to have any self esteem??? If that's the case, that you cannot find it within yourself to respect yourself then I feel very sorry for you. What a weak character and a weak-minded person you seem to be
That's pretty insensitive, rudy. First of all, I don't understand where you came up with three years. I believe MH370 went down not quite 1 1/2 years ago. Yes, everyone dies. But how would you be feeling now if one of your relatives was on that plane ? You'd want some answers and you'd want some closure. Airplanes do not just vanish like this one did. This finding may allow the relatives of the passengers to finally extrapolate whether their loved one(s) are alive or dead.
ROBERTO: Hey, time for you to go collect your welfare check, isn't it?
DANIEL: and it sure isn't about spending it mourning, grieving, and trying to profit from death...... please explain what gets accomplished by what these people are doing? Are they going to be miserable for the rest of their lives because some misfortune hit close to home? I sure hope not because it's wasting their lives.
Pilot was an adherent Muslim facing a probable (and potentially very costly) divorce. He decided it was time to check out. So why not do so in grand fashion taking numerous infidels with you? Surely, that would please Allah and it might even atone for all your sins. But what about the innocent Muslims on board? Allah in his wisdom and mercy will accept them into Heaven. And the mass-murderer pilot? He'll be getting 72 virgins. What a great religion.
You have a source for that?
Well, it was in the news at the time.
Chris doesn't place much veracity in news reports if they don't jibe with his world view.
Chris: Since when does a poster need to cite a source when speculating? My post was not part of my doctoral dissertation. Your snide retort was juvenile and nothing more than a thinly veiled attempt to impeach my disparagement of Islam. And for the record, if you are in fact pro-Islam, please do tell us why. You could start by citing a couple of references. Suggested reading: Qu'ran Dilemma, Blood Of The Moon, Kingdom Of Hate. What's that all you liberal hypocrites say? SOURCES PLEASE!!! Where are yours?
Wow, Terrance. You make a lot of assumptions based on me asking one question. I just don't remember that being part of the story (not saying it wasn't) so I wanted to make sure it was real and not just some anti-whatever rant that so frequently haunts the comments sections of Yahoo! articles. I think you are the one acting juvenile.
This is such a lie. There's no way the debris just all of a sudden washed ashore. What a lie. Why don't these officials just admit the plane was hijacked and will be used again as a flying bomb, headed for an important site somewhere. The 239 people on board are likely all dead, just collateral damage in this hijacking.
You are right...I bet it fell off of someone's surfboard or maybe it fell off of an airplane and it just kep going. Some people just get stuck on their own theory.
No way it just washed ashore? People find bottles with notes 20 years after the person threw it in the ocean and you don't think this can wash up a year later? Or fell off someone's surf board? Do you keep plane parts on your board? You guys need to lay off the conspiracy theories.
All of the sudden.....yep they waited all this time until the story was almost dead just to plant the part. Another couple years they will plant a tail section to be found. its one of those decade long conspiracies.
Debbie, do the world a favor and take off your tinfoil hat then soak you head.
Putin had parts gathered up from the plane he had shot down in the Ukraine & had them dumped in the Indian Ocean just to screw with the rest of the world - Why? - because he can...........
HaHa! Run that one by the UK Daily Mail. They'll love that theory over there.
So how many 777s have gone down in that area to leave any room for doubt?
Well, now we all know the plane is in the ocean somewhere and didn't get hijacked and land in some remote place.
I HOPE THE RELATIVES DON'T EXPECT TO FIND THE AIRCRAFT INTACT SOMEWHERE, TIME TO FACE THE FACTS. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I think some of them do, whether it's hope, naivety, or insanity.
And we all hope you learn how to turn off your Caps-Lock.
Are there people really truly dumb enough to think they ARENT dead??? Good lord
Missing for 16 months and people still have hope?
If it is true .... Who hid it?
still holding out hope..... wow, now that is one heck of a lot of hope.
If you believe in God hope is unlimited; and unreal.
I don't want it to be true? How stupid is that??!?!! Did you think they were all on a private vacation somewhere off the grid? WOW is the human race really this stupid?
Grandma always said, what goes up, must come down.
how cool would it be if they found all the survivors on a deserted island!!
TORN??? these peope should be glad,, finally a lead to the wreckage AND CLOSURE,,,,,do they STILL think the plane is siting on a runway in Syria being held hostage,,,,,,
Wouldnt you think they could determine whether the part is, or is not from a Boeing 777, fairly SOON ? ?
seriously.. someone thinks those poor souls can still be alive... if it wasn't so tragic, that would be funny.
now the chinese will need to find who is responsible.
Not knowing is the worst feeling.
i hope they drowned like rats
If you can believe in God you can believe anything.
Where are all the "Hijacked to _______ by Al queada" Idiots?
hate to be crass but what did they expect o find all of them still alive on lifeboats
I just asked a friend, "Did you hear they found a piece of the wing from MH-370 ?" She replied, "yea, but they don't know if it it is from that plane." The families and loved ones can now start the healing process, this may be all the sea will give up.
These people all sound a bit unstable. How is your dead husband not at peace? How are they holding out hope that someone just held on to these people for 16 months and asked for nothing? They are dead and gone. Move on with your lives.
*They're= they are Their=possession There=location YOU'RE welcome.
Please, folks, stop torturing yourselves like that. Your loved ones are dead. Please try to come to terms with that.
Too many people watched the TV series Lost. The plane is gone and the ocean currents carried the flaperon to where it was found. If people want to believe their loved ones are still alive let them.Oh well.
I was relieved to hear this could very well be part of that flight, and thought, now these people will get some closure and move on with their lives! I didn't know anyone on the flight, but I could feel the pain of loosing someone like that! At least the dead are at peace, now I hope their living loved ones can find peace also!
did they finally hear a PING??
''(Somethings better than Nothing)''..!.. Still doesn't guarantee that they will find the rest of the Plane--at least not intact....The problems were major, with thousands of square miles of ultra deep ocean..Swift currents, and bottom-less water, which, in the 16 months the plane went missing--could be anywhere..And, the finding of that crucial black box, is like finding a needle in a world of haystacks...!..
Why would any rational person still have hope after 16 months? Where do you think they are? It's been over a year. Whether the plane crashed into the ocean or not, everyone onboard is dead.
human beings have two sides ... that's why they are human ... one side is rational, the other side is emotional ... machine has one side ...
Well lets hope this will help lead them to the wreckage.
There is no such thing as a "high degree of certainty". A thing is certain, or not certain. There can be a high degree of probability ,which is what the official should have said.
Sad to see these people still hurting. As bad as it sounds, though, these people need this. It has been 16 months. If by some miracle, your loved ones are alive, that is great; but after you've had time to grief, you need to move on. What would your loved ones want for you?
I'm sure many are "torn" over this development. Many people simply cannot reconcile death in any way.
This is a very sad situation. We all hope for the happy ending, but...........
Alex, the expert on religion. Where were you in my youngling days to give me your drive-by, toe-dipping advice on such weighty matters?
The fact that this washed up on the indian ocean only reinforces the theory that China shot the plane down and purposely misled searchers with their bogus "satellite" pics!
The plane disappeared in an area 1000 miles from China.
Marco, have you forgotten that China is (stupidly and greedily) claiming all the seas around Asia?
Marco be wise like your nameseake - if the Plane crashed East of the Malaysia in the Pacific ocean (as claimed by the Chinese satellite images), how did it end up in the Indian Ocean?
It must be hard! I guess the only consolation they had to this point is to believe they were still alive, maybe just "LOST"!
Did these people think the plane ran out of fuel and was stuck on a cloud ?
George Bush Jr: "An airplane is like a giant bird"
Did you know there is no GPS tracking of planes over the open ocean in the southern hemisphere.....if you don't believe me go on flightradar24 and see for yourself.
Yes, we all know that now.
Libtards will be furious! They cannot blame Christians for this.
Damn really? You brought American politics into this? You do realize this happened in Malaysia right? You sound unbelievably stupid right now.
No, you do idiot! Did that ever stop stop you lefty morons from bringing up the crusades? I guess they happened in North Dakota, right, jerk?
Where did I say AMERICAN politics, asshat?
liberals should be skinned alive and then salted. We should gather up every minority and jew skin them and then toss salt on them and watch them dance.
Lol Commenter you're a joke. First off, the crusades has nothing to do with this nor did I ever indicate that it did. Secondly, what the hell is the relevance of North Dakota? These two points are irrelevant to the topic at hand which is MH370. Third, I never indicated any political stance of mine whatsoever so you have literally no grounds to refer to me as "lefty". Just because someone (me) thinks you're an idiot doesn't automatically make them a "lefty". Fourth, I never made the claim that you said "AMERICAN politics" though by using the term "Libtards" you are blatantly referencing the American political system in a completely unrelated comment thread. What part of any of this is difficult for you to understand? Also, lastly, when the hell did the "Libtards" or ANYBODY blame the disappearance of MH370 on Christians? The answer is that they didn't, though clearly you're delusional, so trying to prove this to you is utterly pointless. Please don't stop posting, your level of stupidity is very entertaining for me. #$%$.
i dont buy this story about missing parts from the airliner. this is a ploy from the malaysian govt. how come there is not other debris washing up onto shores around the indian ocean.
Something piece has to be the first piece, right?
They are all alive on a deserted island waiting to be rescued!!!! LOLOL
Sure that part of an airplane came from MH370. And the landing on the moon was real too. Yeah right.
When they're nothing left for you to believe in, you can only believe in hope.
Its not? No other 777s have crashed and gone unaccounted for.
Memo to these people.... They are DEAD. Get over yourself
People should ask China what happened. Why? They have the capabilities to do something like this in that region. that's what they learn from Russia.
That's a roger on the psy-op Sero. Roger dodger. I got a roger dodger on the Sero psy-op. Roger. Dodger.
Sure Sero, just like the moon landing and 911 - never even happened.
Damn....I'm running low on tin-foil, I'll have to make a trip to the store soon.
if they are torn, then sew them up
150% LIES MAN..........SETTING THIS UP TO "FIND THE PLANE"( YA RIGHT!!). Then bring this Jet outta Diego Garcia or Libya and perpetrate the mother of all false flags , as Obama himself said.........." x10 worse than 9/11, the mother of all terror plots..". Go look for yourselves sheeple! Due Diligence is all it takes to seek and find the truths, and they ARE NOT FROM CNN/FOX/.Mainstream media.
if anything i would go back to the people from the semi conductor group being killed off the get a hold of a bunch patents....
"Sheeple" --The favorite word of the conspiracy nuts.
Seems the truth is being evaded. What was the background of the pilots? What websites inspired the french alps co pilot? What websites inpsired the mass murder suicide incidents world wide. Believe the answer is obvious but th emedia continues to ignore the bovious.
Just like those two missing boys in the Atlantic....they're probably gone! May THEY RIP!
Damn, I don't understand what all the mystery and commotion has been about for 18 months. ........ They been catching a lot of "Fat" scavenger fish for the last year! .......... ................... Yum yum, I like mine fried with cold tomatoes on the side !........................
I was fairly sure they were all crab and shrimp food from the first report . Just be ready to die every time you get on a plane and you will be fine ./////////
yeah just dont tell the pilot.....
Read Yoichi Shimatsu's "The Role of Israel" and Soros exposed. will shed some possibilities of where this plane was taken, yes, taken. As for the survivors, they're breaking rocks!
Has to be part of that plane...no other plane missing and same color .Start your closure people...I'm sorry !
their are 1000's of planes still missing......have you heard about alaska??? what you really need to say is its part of a triple 7 and no other triple 7 is missing.....
Rob,Alaska is not in the Indian ocean !
yeah just in the indian ocean we are looking at over 400 planes still unaccounted for as of 2014......so again you should have said we are only missing one triple 7.......
The hijackers are enjoying the company of their crime sooo much they are going to wait another year or so before they claim ransoms. Bad joke .... too soon .... not really.
thanks to cia ukraine is a war zone
This is not the debris from flight 370, flight 370 is either still st deigo garcia base or dismantled and melted down
if more debris is washing up then it must be close somewhere. if on auto pilot maybe he wanted to go to that island. or Africa it self. something very fishing here. hijacked ??? trying to reach Africa. fight in cockpit. ???? struggle who knows. luggage too?
They s/be kinda of glad, NOW they know the plane crashed into the sea! Just pray for the dead, and may they RIP!
they could.....if they could find the plane.....im not saying it will happen but it could
Did they find bob crow anywhere ????? Maybe they should try looking on golf courses .....most odd and by all facts surrounding much more than macarbe ...........
If it turns out the airplane debris are real and does belonged to the missing passenger airline of Malaysia, the next thing to establish is to find the black box to know what really happen before the airplane lost its communication to the tower. But finding the black box is another story.
If either one of the pilots were behind this, there will be nothing useful in the black boxes since either pilot would know how to power down the boxes as was done with the transponder.
It will be a lot easier to the relatives if they accept the fact that they are gone.They can move on but as human being,there's always hope in a distance of light for the love one to come home.
Finally, hope to buried the remains of the love ones.
Strength and love to the families.
Hey, the coconut guy is right!!! If it is not in the air, it is in the water.....wow....
so long confirm die already lah!!! What hope???
Sad for the lost ones as well. I have followed the stories on this ever since the plane went missing. I was even engaged in the Tomnod debris searches. But this location is rather ironic, even considering the reports of the Indian Ocean currents. Go back to where there was a witness on the Maldives that said he saw a low flying plane early that morning. There was even an object that washed up on a Maldives shore that some said was a water bottle that was used on planes. Look at Google earth and see where the Maldives is located to Reunion. Sure makes one go hmmmm. And what with the search being in the suggested parts of the Indian ocean.. what if those handshakes were not the MH370. Yeah I know, don't question the science here.
Quit job to find solace...then don't worry too much ...believe in destiny..
1MDB is much worse...... dont lose focus on it