God knows the destination of the plane. The indications are out there. 1) it is a Boeing 777, with the incumbent range 2) it took of from Kuala Lumpur 3) early in the flight it turned from it's designated route 4) it crossed the Malay Peninsula after it went 'dark' 5) the ACAR system was NEVER intended as tracking technology and is therefore suspect, as are all deductions from it's suppositions 6) the ACAR system sent 'empty' signals 7.5 hours after the plane went 'dark' indicating the engines were running 7) extending the heading the plane took out 7.5 hours after it went 'dark' you get to SOMALIA 8) the PILOT is a member of the Malay minority Muslims & THERE ARE Muslims in SOMALIA 9) SOMALIA IS 'OFF THE GRID' explaining the lack of EVIDENCE found.
I believe that these people are still alive. If it would have crashed in the water you would have found something afloat 1, 2 if it crashed on land they would have seen the fire and smoke. They were Hijacked. Plain and simple.
Of course the oceans are huge places with millions of square miles of nothing but deep water. It is quite likely a plane would all but disappear in event of a crash in the ocean. I say 'all but' because it seems so likely that at least some portions of the plane or its contents would float and be found somewhere. The biggest problem and mystery of this plane is the apparent discrepancies and different 'stories' and information confusion after it was first lost. It demonstrates either gross incompetence by many in the airline travel business OR it demonstrates just how complete a cover up of a major disaster or dasterdly deed a government or governments can carry out if they want to. Or BOTH/!
After watching and reading all the possible theories and scenarios about the cause of the missing of flight 370, I come to the conclusion in my opinion that, this has to be an deliberate act, nothing else, either the cockpit was breached by someone with knowledge of how to operate a jet liner, or 1 or both pilots deliberately flies the plane off course. What bothers me is that what are the motives?? If it's pilot suicide, then why go through all the trouble and fly another 7 hours just to crash into the Indian Ocean? doesn't make sense. If the plane was hijacked, what are the demands? which terrorist group are responsible? I guess we will never know what really happened, all I can say is it's deliberate, but for what purpose remains unknown.
That's the sad thing about this event. I'm in the camp that doesn't buy into the deliberate actions of any individual nor do I believe the CIA/FSB/Elvis had anything to do with it. Neither you or I can be sure what happened until they find the plane.
I don't see how they can ever give up the search, since a crime may have been committed. When leads go cold, there are protocols the authorities follow. And despite the enormity of the task in this case, those protocols WILL be followed.
Malaysia has made too many mistakes regarding this investigation and I am one obsessed intrigued person about this case. Malaysia never monitored plane and gave too many directions the first 2 weeks and were never honest. By the 3rd week we found out that when the plane turned it was low enough that they received a signal from one of the towers and that was from the young pilot. What they'll find out if they will ever find out is that the head pilot did it and probably locked the young pilot out of the cockpit. He didn't want to fly with the young pilot (that was made clear). The head pilot looked stable in his younger years but something didn't look right about him when he got older. Asians can lie well and have less facial expression because of their less pronounced profile. The more pronounced your face is the more expressive your face is. Its not mean its about the muscles of the face and bones structure. They can be great liars. They made too many mistakes and going back and forth with information and then with holding. Its a poor place that makes money on tourism. And now to hear that the black box the battery may have expired months before the plane crash, always hiding and withholding info, sorry poor countries do that when they rely on tourism to survive.
You jumped the shark the moment you said "Asians can lie well", as if we have some sort of monopoly on the ability to control facial ticks and reactions.
Im half (but NOT Malaysian) because of my educated background I understand facial bone structure and muscles. Theres nothing wrong with what I said its how the face is genetically made . Me being half with real natural eyelids and a pronuonced profile I just can't BS. The less pronounced the less facial expressions, harder to read. They have the natural Botox. Its no different than saying darker skin people age well,always look younger than their age. Its life.
Rough, theory on my part, I still do not feel it's in the Ocean and whoever did take the plane, knows it could start a major war. My heart goes out to all the families who have lost in this situation. I know the ocean is deep, yet I do not feel it's in the Ocean. I do feel it's underground and can not be detected, where is a good question and I firmly believe one day in the near future it will show up again, but not from the ocean.
So where do you think the people who were on it are at...Why do you think all this? Do you have a crystal Ball?
If someone had hijacked and stolen the plane they would have announced it to display their power.
Liee, I disagree, whoever has it, is waiting on something and what that something is I do not know. Bob, get off the computer, you mommy and daddy will be home soon, get to coloring book. I don't have ANY answers, just a theory, yet we have those out there, making their comments just like I am. Crystal Ball, no just theory, just like my theory is that you're Bob, around 12 years old.
There is nothing wrong with the investigation, except that too many people expect government to be supercompetent. There is a LOT of ocean out there.They are using the best information they have. You have to realize that over 50 airliners have been lost and have never been found since the beginning of commercial aviation. Two others were lost in the Andes mountains in Chile. Each was found over 50 years later. So stop expecting miracles.
BELIEVE IT OR NOT THERE IS MORE GROUND THAN WATER ACTUALLY THE WHOLE WATER ON THE OCEANS IS NOT BIGGER THAN THE STATE OF TEXAS
You're kidding! The oceans cover 70% of the surface of the earth, and the area to be searched is larger than the United States.
Search in the South China Sea where it purportedly turned around. The plane did not have the transponder on and was shot down by the Chinese.
No debree? Look on Diego Garcia for a fully intact plane. Ask the UN to investigate the U.S. Base.
They're probably lost outside the neutral zone.
And how will you not give up when the official search ends?
I really admire the families/friends of their perseverance , but unfortunately I think there's little hope.
Like all bad news this will be forgotten by the general public until it happens again to another flight. I doubt there will be any resolution for the family, friends and relatives of the missing...
Unfortunately the Oceans are so huge they most likely might have to eventually give up the search. Look how long it took to find the Titanic which is much bigger.
i really feel for the families but i will never understand the pain and torment they must feel everyday. It is so strange this mystery and i hope they find peace soon.
"My daughter asks me every day, 'Where is Daddy? Why isn't he answering his phone?'" a teary-eyed Kelly Wen from China, whose husband was on the plane, said at a gathering at a Kuala Lumpur mall to mark the anniversary. Tell her the truth...he is gone forever from a tragic occurrence...
Such a tragedy. Not knowing what happend to your beloved ones must be the nightmare of nightmares. I lost friends, family members, my parents, but I KNOW WHERE TO FIND THEM. Life goes on, it is part of life to leave behind you beloved ones. But this, the questions, imagining their agony, thinking they might be alive somewhere and you cannot help them, there is nothing you can do, the hope, the vain hope and yet hoping against all odds.......mothers and fathers who have lost children etc etc....how can Mister William say to move on??? Of course you move on with this everlasting pain....Is that living?
Of course for tens of thousands of years humans have lost their loved ones to war, disaster and distance never to be seen or heard from again. The difference is in this day and time we expect more, but that's life on this planet. :(
Everyone knows what happened. The plane crashed, and all aboard were killed.
if the battery went dead, why doesn't the one installed have a mechanism to alert that it is doing fall out of energy before doing so? being the year 2015.
BTW - this is what happens when third world people try to use advanced technology like frying machines.
Actually its a second world country....
The Malaysian government doesn't care. They'll just keep screwing around to make it look like they're doing something. Sounds a lot like the government of another country we all know.
There is a very active search going on with plenty of assets.
Asians are the most dramatic people on earth. We know it terribly hurts, no words can describe the pain, but what else would you want the world rescue community to do to tell you the truth? It was a accident, could it be unavoidable accident? No one knows as sometimes there are events that are beyond our grasp and knowledge to understand why it happened. The only thing that we can be trancendal is to rationalize and internalize what really happened and accept things as presented to us. Imagine the 9/11 victims how they had to jump from the sky free fall.
Who are you to tell others what and how to feel? You are a simpleton. "The only thing that we can be trancendal…" what are you ignorantly muttering about? Now, stop being dramatic about 9/11, it has happened so long ago and it is time to move on….right?
i, we saw the bodies in 9/11 and we know who caused 9/11. We also spent billions on wars and killed hundreds of thousands because of 9/11. Here, we don't even have the bodies or any reasonable explanation.
It was really shameful how CNN handled the story. It was all they talked about for the longest time.
They talked about it because a morbidly curious audience demanded it.
People never realize how big our oceans are.
More likely their government kidnapped them and made slaves out of them.
Because they need someone to live and work secret demanding jobs underground.
I saw a report on Fox's Hannity that said the plane landed in Pakistan.If this turns out to be untrue,Fox will be caught in a lie.
Sigh. I view CNN almost everyday. They tell lies everyday. Therefore what? If someone on Hannity said that plane landed in Pakistan, that was just someone's opinion.
Something about the Chinese people in general, they always seems to ignore the fact that when people are missing for a long periods of time, they most likely are dead, but they wouldn't just accept that. Of course nobody wants tragic events to happen, but sometimes they just do, and people die, so IMO I think it's better for the family to accept the fact that their loved ones are dead, will never come back, I think it's better that way, will be less painful for them, but rather seek closure when the day that the World will finally learn what happened to the ill-fated flight of MH-370.
It's not just limited to Chinese people. People globally, when confronted by a traumatic shock, tend to avoid accepting the harsh truth behind it. We don't want to believe because we can't accept it. There are a few other ethnic groups represented on the flight that are not Chinese and they, too, seem to ignore the fact that their loved ones are sadly likely dead.
Get the racism out of you Bruce. Everybody mourns their losses. This is simply about closure. If your loved ones suddenly disappeared, you wouldn't just move on thinking they are dead without getting at least a sign.
Yes, after 1 year, I will be moving on, and not be delusional that my loved ones are still in some hangar alive somewhere.
I want us all to take a step back from this headline and consider how relevant this is to current affairs.
Is is very relevant, you need to find out to help keep it from happening again. Myself, I think they know what happened, but can't say due to military security reasons.
Anyone who is allowing her child to ring daddy's phone at this late date is morbidly sick. When governments rationally call off the search, what are these people going to do? Fund their own search?
It's too bad cover-ups and misleading information started at the very beginning otherwise we would know what happened to that plane.
Tzipi W, OK, all you have to do is identify the cover-ups and misleading information; and you can tell the world what happened.
It's time to give up the search. Amelia Earhart and her plane were taken by the ocean in 1937 and still haven't been found. It's been over a year, if it hasn't been found, it probably never will be. Mourn, then move on.
Would (or COULD) you if it was YOUR parents, or children, or grandchildren or siblings?!...
Dawn, absolutely! Face reality, don't ignore it; or disavow it.
^ I know I would NEVER give up finding my family or at least the truth about it. There's NO way. No matter how hopeless or little the information.
Dawn, hope you have lots of cash.
^ Wouldn't that be the truth. I'd risk all my money to find answers. Money comes & goes, family is only around for a certain time, then they're gone forever.
Didn't they find remnants of Earhart's plane on the beach of some remote island? Though I saw some article a while back on people still hunting for her plane.
My gawd, they're still crying? It's time to accept reality and get on with life, folks.
I believe it flew through a rip in the dimensional wall that divides us from an alternate reality.
I just wish that they would look where the lane actually disappeared lol not 1000's of miles away smoke and mirrors jumbo jets cannot ahem CANNOT disappear off radar no matter what they shut off on the plane radar doesn't work that way. If that were the case any country could fly a bomb to the U.S. invisibly
Sorry, it doesn't work that way. There is not 100% radar coverage in that area. Pretty easy for a plane to get lost if transponders are disabled and in an area without coverage. IMO, it's time for people to agree that a continued search is pointless unless they come up with some new evidence that pinpoints the crash site. It's a lost "ship" at sea that is destined to stay lost until a future accidental discovery.
The accident happened over a year ago, shouldn't they have gotten over it by now?
there was no accident. the plane "disappeared"
really! have you an ounce of compassion?
The sick puke in the Whitehouse covers up the Islamic attack on these airlines, adding that much more to their grief.
It will show up flying into a sky scraper by ISIS one day...
As long as the serve peanuts
I still wonder if the plane was hijacked. Absolutely no sign of any debris is very suspicious. These govts keep lots of thing secret.
god, has it been a year already? i hope they find this plane someday to give these people some closure.
AND ON THE 2ND ANNIVERSARY THEY WILL BE STILL LOOKING
Love how the story does not point out the signs that say "Tell us the TRUTH"
That's because the truth is that it crashed and sank in the ocean somewhere but some people aren't willing to let go. Nothing to report on that front.
As hard as it is, the only closure to this pain is turning it over to the Lord Jesus Christ.
Who will pick up the tab?
let's get real, their loved ones sleep with the fishes.
God bless the families. It must be torture to not know or have closure.
The cabin is a big egg drop soup at the bottom of the sea.
Let it go and move on....the dead are dead. Let the living continue to live.
search is to prevent it happening again to the living - you & yours for instance
enough with the grieving relatives already. sheesh.
It's been over a year sooo... LET IT GOOO, LET IT GOOOOOOOO, CAN'T HOLD ME BACK ANYMOOAARRREEEE IIIII DOOOONNN'T CAAAAARRREEEEEEEEE WHAT YOU HATERS SAAAAYYYY YOU DUMMYS NEVER BOTHERED ME ANYWAY
thinking that the plane is somewhere besides the bottom of the ocean.
why would they hide or keep secret the facts. Only a few reasonable reasons. Terrorist attack from within the plane or outside of plane. Missile attack. Why is one man claiming that Russia knows and has the remains of the plane? What does Russia have to do with this?
i doubt they would hide a terrorist attack. russia is evil but the plane was awful far away from russia to have that seem likely.
yahoonazis deleting my posts again, and there was no questionable words in it. Only the suggestion that the rogue pilot said "God is KILL KILL KILL" before deliberately crashing the plane and murdering all on board.
search land stupids and don't stop until we know what happen so we can prevent it from ever happening again - for the living - not for the dead not flying until there is an answer
Writing on a wall "Come home soom" does not help. Come home from where? Those passengers are dead.
who is this Ping fella they been looking for?? all those ships and planes looking for him, Ping must be important??
Face it. The plane, all its passengers and crew are gone. Crashed at sea, taken, or something else. Nobody knows for sure, and probably never will. Sad reality, but true. Get on with your lives. There will never be closure if you cant let it go and do that.
If that plane was China based, and left China, it would get swept under the rug long time ago.
Ask Putin where the plane is.
I see the sign that says 'Tell Us Truth". OK, here it is: We don't know s**t. We don't know what happened, how it happened, why it happened, who did it, and where it is. That's pretty much it, in a nutshell, after a year.
. These people eat dogs. .
...then let them eat dust now.
@Disck Ritchie - which makes more sense than stupid Americans who make dogs equal to human beings. We eat cows and they are sacred in India - so what?
1 year ago .... MHL 370 went missing ..... they still have not found it .... I worked with a company back int the 70's and 80's that pioneered these warning systems on this aircraft and others.... many were designed to go off only when they hit water.... none did.... why.... I came to the conclusion days after that this aircraft never went into the water...... there is many strange things involving this disappearance ..... I personally believe this plane is on land in control of a government with ties to evil.... I also believe the US government is involved with it.... I believe this plane made a stop at at Diego Garcia.... and island owned by the US and England... and island designed to handle large military aircraft, even has under ground hangers ... could even hide a 777 ..... I believe this plane will make an evil appearance in future ..... I pray not......
My gosh them are some ugly Asian women....
Time to get over it and move on....
COMPLAINT TO THE CIA THEY ARE THE ONES THAT DID THE JOB!
and it's a good thing they did!
OBAMA SHOT THAT PLANE DOWN ACCORDING TO INSIDERS
Who knows, maybe it was both
i think the plane is in Iran
Do you not know?? They are in h.e.ll.
The Chinese (h)ell of upside down airplanes. The Chinese have a lot of (h)ells...
They're not going to find it because the plane is sitting in some hangar in Russia.
Do you even realize how offensive your comment is?
Under the sea! Under the sea. Darlin', it's better down where it's wetter, Take it from me. We be devotin' full time to floatin'; Under the sea!
Are these people hanging on to bones.
The more you search, the more time and money wasted.