Has anyone considered any of the dense jungles in the region? Someone the other day suggested swampland, ala Valujet crash, 1996 in Florida. I know the jungles are probably not as tall and dense as the Amazon, but surely there are places on land that could possibly swallow the jet. The only problem with a land crash is the lack of fire, which I am certain would have followed a crash--perhaps large explosions, too; which brings us back to swampland. Are there swamplands that could swallow an entire jumbo jet?
If it was out of fuel, no fire.
There is still fire, but not as large (and no explosions); smaller fire could burn unnoticed in isolated area, and will burn out much quicker. However, is there jungle that isolated in that region? Borneo?
The oldest trick in the book miss direction . Totally 1million percent impossible to be in the ocean . Oil floats fluids float seats float plastic floats . Plane parts float ,fuel floats Cell phones can be tracked , radar can be tracked ,The engines have a tracking device which send info to Boeing . they ran out of fuel first story then no evidence so then it was a water landing which they hope believe yet nothing floated and it just sank in 1 piece . YEA OK
Shipping containers fall off ships all the time. That is why it is bad luck to be on the outside top.
Look in the bay of Malaysia!
This is truly the most mysterious news of the decade. Big plane with GPS ect. carrying hundreds of people gone, poof, in the biggest deepest ocean on the planet. My heart goes out to the families, if this was the captains plan, he pulled it off to perfection.
They just need to stop looking and it'll eventually turn up. Similar thing happened to me, I lost a remote control for one of my stereo components a long time ago. I searched and searched the ENTIRE house up and down, back to front for almost six years. One day I just said "well, forget you, remote control, I didn't need you anyway" Lo and behold ten years later, I'm bringing my sofa out to the driveway to sell it at my garage sale and what do you think pops out from the underneath part of the sofa? Yup, the ferkin remote control! Now, if I can just remember where I put that receiver.... bottom line, you just never know when you're gonna find something you lost. look at me and my remote control! And my house is way, way, smaller than that ocean there.
I wonder who is going to buy that ocean ....
One guess is as good as any other at this point. It may be in the ocean or it may be on land. If on land one wonders why. Was it for a nefarious purpose? Was it to test the resources of the local countries ability to detect planes? In any case, the passengers are most likely dead.
The pilot obviously went jihad but these far-left journalists won't even mention the possibility.
Brian Williams knows something about it.
Hillary said sniper fire took it down. It went over her first.
Now Snowden wants to come back..........guess he's got answers for MH 370
Some really good comments on here for a change!
O'Reilly escaped the flight by parachute, and saved everybody on board. They are just scared to tell us cause we might laugh at them.
not to sound like a nut-job, but i think a lot of folks think this plane is somewhere else. its like the powers to be keep telling a story until they think everyone believes it. history provides many examples of this .
How many different--and WRONG--places have they searched now? Not even one piece of debris determined to be from the missing plane. Something should have shown up by now...Agree with the others that "somebody" knows "somethings" with regard to this plane. They just aren't saying...yet. Am reminded of the Project Bluebook days and the government peeps who showed up to question and intimidate anyone who claimed to have seen something "strange" that might be a UFO or more likely, some new technology being developed. I actually know someone who did see something strange. a flying craft that landed on a small highway in a south-central Virginia town; it burned a circle into the pavement. Military and other serious men in black showed up and questioned this poor man relentlessly. They told him he was making it up, that he imagined it, that he was doing it for attention. And when he would not acquiesce, they smeared his reputation, starting the rumor that he was "a drunk." Not true. Oh, and they literally cut the burned pavement section out and took it with them back to some military base. After having seen my own government in action during that period, I can believe ANYTHING.
Very strange how the military base at Diego Garcia with highly advanced sensors and monitoring capabilities has been absolutely silent on what they did or didn't see. I can easily believe a (our) govt hijacked it, diverted it there for nefarious purposes and disposed of the people in some way. I have NO TRUST in the US Govt!
Yeah like if those 20 are the only high tech knowledgeable people on this planet of millions. Why not just hire them...it would be a lot easier...the reason they haven't found anything can't possibly be because that is a remote area and the ocean is a vast place. They haven't seen any debris floating can't possibly be because a cyclone hit the area right after the plane disappeared. And the debris couldn't possibly be mixed in with all the garbage floating out there. And what makes you guys think the US monitors every square inch of the planet every second of the day? You people been watching too many movies, Just cuz nobody has the answers to what happened to the plane doesn't mean the only explanation is a sinister one. It just means nobody knows. .
So you are implying that the United States is responsible for the loss of MH-370? Apparently you probably blame us for M-17 too.
I think you have watched too many "Lost" episodes. The plane crashed in the deepest part of the Ocean. It could be 1 mile down. Even if they ever find it, recovery will most likely be impossible.
The anti - American troll's are out in full force i see. Are you all going to blame the US for the Titanic sinking too?Hey maybe we killed off the Dinosaurs too!!
Dinosaur 1: Hey, did you know that Americans will populate this area in the future? Dinosaur 2: Americans??? AAAGGGGGHHHHH! (he dies.) Dinosaur 1: Me Too! AAAGGGGGHHHHH! (he dies too.)
Titanic sinking was the fault of USA since the owner of White Star line was a corporation controlled by American financier JP Morgan. Notice how his name never came up in any of the 'investigations'?
after 9/11..many governments are more prepared for airplane hijackings....if this plane was hijacked for evil purposes, than i am sure that many countries have a plan to ...in a worst case scenario, to shoot down the plane. in this case the total lack of communication and change of course would raise many red flags as to this planes destination...after the destruction of the commercial airliner...i find it very hard to believe that the government responsible would announce the true facts...it is so much easier..and less costley to say i dont know what happened to this plane, and it appears to be lost in the middle of the ocean..but we will look until we find the truth.......similar to what president putin said about his rival, after he was assassinated on the street last week...and who actually shot down the other malaysian airliner over the ukraine...a lot of mysteries that seem to point to governments not wanting us to know the truth.
You cannot find what is not there. The plane never was in the Indian Ocean.
Not one ounce of evidence points to a crash. The fact that not even one seat cushion or any clue as to the "crash" has washed up somewhere, even a year later, indicates something more. I think it was hijacked, and it is on the ground somewhere. I think the passengers were high value targets and were all eliminated. That theory holds the same weight as a crash does, especially since there is no evidence present, to support the crash theory.
No evidence it didn't crash, either......The Indian Ocean is gigantic.....
Absence of proof is not proof.
There were no "High Level" people on the plane. The passenger log is online.
Dude, that still does not prove anything.
hang on a second, there was an article in London, saying Simon Hardy a senior 777 pilot saying flypast of Penang was emotional: hes putting pieces together, it has been salvaged by someone out there, becos if in any airspace any country sees a stray plane the air forces are supposed to shoot it down: for whatso ever reason it has already matched two pieces of important and vital information: Someone out there has already salvaged it without any trace, few reasons , a)..... it was not wasted becos Malaysia has already put in the insurance claim for the plane b). since the families have compensation the plane might have got into salvage with all peole gone ( to heaven) c).. if MH 370 was not shot down it would have been salvaged by some country and might have been returned to the country of origin as long as MAS has been compensated, the familes of passengers have been compensated by 150,000 per passenger there is no clue to where the plane would be D).. the country who has salvaged or found it could have returned the plaene to the country of Origin, becos to disguise the lost plane ,, MH 17could have been a target like that to destroy the MH 370 evidence who knows someone out there knows what has happened, sit down calmly and cool-ly and pieces will be there \Emotions are not the way they are, pilots have duty to ferry any passenger from A to B No one escapes this kind of duty, and lets all think positive back to the drawing borards,, no one of the 293 people are going to come back ,,, according to the my OUIJA board, it was a sudden contact with the plane not the passenger, pilots or children it was a plane so lets start again and again till this is solved, the article says the plane drowned straight in the ocea floor, it it took Titanic to be found after 50 years this will take longer,, cos the plane might not be there at all
Well written and logical, Dilip, but you neglected to mention the possibility of midair collision with the Tooth Fairy.
Really? You say this in jest I hope. That was an insane take on this story.
Your silloquy doesn't make any sense.
Since all the tracking systems were dismantled deliberately so as to avoid detection wouldn't it made more sense to look in places that would not be natural to look in?
I believe that the plane was hijacked, occupants killed and the plane is being carefully hidden by some sinister group planning on using it to do harm at a future time. It will probably be loaded with some bomb or biological matter and will be used that way. They should have found the plane by now.
This is exactly what I think!!!!!
Why go through the trouble of hijacking a plane to use it later? What bomb or biological matter would require such a large aircraft?
um the plane itself is the bomb if you wanna get all technical. Fly it into a builiding just like 9/11 and there you have it. THINK.
Blaine, that's not what Holly said. READ.
Alan, that wasnt a response to Holly you idiot. It was a response to YOU. READ.
Well Blaine, my post wasn't to you, it was to Holly, and she never said anything about using the plane as a bomb, she said LOADED with a bomb. I guess you missed that. Understand now?
My 15-yr-old cellphone has GPS built into it that identifies my location during all calls and there is no way that I can disengage that mechanism. You cannot tell me that we don't have the technology for failsafe tracking of commercial airliners.
MORON, there are no cell towers in the ocean. No matter how old anything is. You can't tell a moron anything.
James, you simply don't get it. The GPS locater in my cellphone works anywhere in the world. Of course I cannot make a call if I'm too far away from a cell tower but the GPS satellite can track my phone anywhere on the earth's surface. Ever notice that the GPS navigator in your car doesn't need a phone connection?
Charlie it simply does not work like that. The PHONE is not being tracked by anything out in the ocean. What is happening is your phone is Tracking the Satellite signals.
Shade, you are correct but nonetheless the GPS system is in place and operates worldwide. An aircraft can easily be hooked up with GPS and radio signals regarding its location every minute or so. Commercial ships at sea do this right now.
This airplane vanished just like all our tax money that some of us send to Washington.
that is a CROCO s**t! What does that have to do with this. It's not even a US plane and we are not involved in the search. Idiot!
ts... please calm down and go take some more pills.
Its gonna be tough to find a big plane in an underground hanger in the desert from that boat way out in the wrong ocean.
Whoever took the plane is laughing at how much money has been spent to try and find it! Maybe they used the plane as an excuse to use money to try and discover new areas of the ocean- like -oh I don't know floating containers! No debris in year anywhere, no plane in the ocean!
I'll be if the families were asked, a majority of them would opt to take the $93MM split 200+ ways. That would be $500k per family. I'd much rather have 500k than the rotting bones of my wife and child.
It's been almost a year already yet I feel like I was watching it on the news yesterday.. It's sad… And I have my doubts about the plane being submerged in a watery grave… Something would have turned up already.. There must be some leads and no one is following up or sharing…
Very nice, human waste even in the most remote and pristine parts of the ecosystem.
I think the US is waiting for the right moment to announce the news. US has info that it just won't share with anyone, at least publicly. All the searching in the Indian/southern ocean is just a decoy. When they announce, the operation was either a success or a major failure. If they have technology that can listen and see through walls, see your license plates from a few hundred miles in the sky, etc... what makes you think they will sit idly by when there are American engineers on board. The people on board might not be alive, but the plane is somewhere on land.
@Vic...just cuz the US can see your license plate doesn't mean it can see everybodys license plate at the same time. A pair of binoculars will let you see a license plate from far away but only when they are aimed at the plate. Why would anybody be aiming their binoculars at a remote place like the ocean and if they did they still can only see what it's pointed at. You people are so brainwashed into believing the US government is out to get you. How is this even anything to do with the US? Oh thats right...they have a naval base over there , like if thats the only place they have a naval base.
Joe, I am not talking about real time. I am talking about after the fact.
We should nuke all the shipping containers. They're bad for the environment.
Hmm, that one Pilots theory that the plane was hijacked & will be used as a "future bomb" (like 911 in Nyc) seems to be more credible now. Finding lots of containers, intact, without seat cushions, or magazines, or dead persons, etc, tells me those containers WERE PURPOSELY DUMPED...by the friggin' hijackers.
Karen, when they're referring to shipping containers they are talking about ACTUAL SHIPPING CONTAINERS that FALL OFF of huge shipping vessels (stacked high) in rough seas! It's very common! They can be found at the bottom of the sea of every shipping lane in the world! They're not implying they have found ANYTHING from the ACTUAL PLANE MH370
Karen will not get an invite to join mensa.... I hope you give great blojobs, because you sure are stupid
LOL ....... that idiot Karen doesn't even know what a shipping container is? Oh boy ......
UFO according to Bill OReilly . He was on the plane while the other reporters were sleeping in their hotel.
I sincerely hope ISIS has the jet and well, you can fill in the blanks. Oh, same to you ya free government cheese eating addled brain idiots!
If the plane did a soft water landing it would sink intact and no flotsam would turn up for many years.
Start looking in Russia, Putin has it
About now, the passengers have just realized that they are not the only ones on the island. 'The Others' have made their presence known, and are in the process of commencing some serious mind games......
They aren't going to find that plane.
Maybe in another dimension ? (Think Twilight Zone) : )
The news slipped up awhile back and reported that when they were investigating the pilots home simulator, they found that he was trying to land a 777 on a very short runway. The plane never crashed. Have you ever heard of misdirection? It was a well planned highjacking. Remember that terrorist are very patient people. The plane is on land getting fitted for a future attack. I'll say it again. Terrorist are very patient people. It will be used when they think the time is right. I know what I'm talking about. Watch and see. I'll be the one to say I told you so...............
How the terrorists can hidden a big aeroplane? What happened with passengers? Very strange
What is in the shipping containers
I am getting the feeling that this Aircraft did not go down as much just disapeared
There is no plane in the ocean . Stop trying to make the people believe this ....... The real location is already known to the government covering this up . Why do you think the US is not involved . ITS A MODERN DAY HOAX
Saying someone is correct is not proof. Evidence please...
Evidence is clear but they do count on people like you to buy into it . People like you keep the HOAX alive .
Maybe you think there out there to make sure the plane is never found instead of recovering it ....
It was flown to Ethiopia. Sold to pirates. Then sold to a rich middle eastern country to be used as a weapon in the future. The mileage math works!
the radar doesn't however ... it either went down in the sea or in central asia
The plane went down where they first lost contact. Looking in the wrong ocean.
The transponder to the satellite continued for 6 hours after contact was lost. That doesn't happen when a plane has gone down.
Brilliant 93 million dollar story .. You sure those people existed or the plane are you sure there looking for it..it would be simple to show simple news footage of bs maybe some one some country is reading all this #$%$ laughing 93 million dollars richer ... Will know when they want us too
the chinese are sure it existed
MH 370 isn't in the Southern Indian Ocean... Try the Northern arc, you will have better luck... I am sure you will need to see through the new paint scheme though...
I still think this plane crashed. It's a big ocean out there. Could it possibly have crashed on kand?
WHAT GO UP, MUST COME DOWN, CHECK IT OUT !
The plane went down in the Bay of Bengal (on the world map, look to the east of India and you will find the Bay of Bengal), at least this is what the remote viewers have said since day one. Happy Hunting !!!!
if l level threes are usually geological features why would you not verify that? i mean usually means maybe something else.
The new theiry is that Putin's russia stole it
mh370 passengers souls give sign to your relatives where is your location.
They searched, using the most sophisticated machinery, and have found nothing so far, may you please save those precious moneys on something more crucial....m just saying.
It's laying undamaged at the bottom of the ocean.......and it would not have been hard to do.
It did not crash, it landed. And will be used as a delivery system. Who does not get that. Oh, the passengers. Odds are they are sadly dead. RIP Who would do that ? Need you ask ?
It isn't out there. It isn't in the water. It was landed with a completly dead passenger bay and most likely, a completely dead crew, save for the pilot. It was taken to some remote area on some no-nothing airfield and smuggled away for future use
They have been looking for way too long, in all the wrong places.
So you idiot gave me a thumbs-down... on what? What is it that you disagree with? Do you think they have looked in the right places, or that they haven't looked long enough? You just have a deep and pathetic inferiority complex.
Not there never was never will be its on the ground. Well find it when it crashes into a bldg.
'shipping containers??" ooh yeah just another BAIT AND SWITCH STORY... no containers FROM THE PLANE HAVE BEEN FOUND
you will not find flight 370 because flight 370 went down with flight 17 in the ukraine. which is why we know putin did not bring down that plane. for one.
the americans did something to the plane and know where its at and what happened .
It was the Russians, working with the Romulans that did it.
The Ferengi have it. They're trying to sell it to the Cardassians.