Life is about the choices you make and then act upon. If i were you i'd be so darn nervous and scared i probaby go insane worrying about when i'm going to get that Tap Tap on my shoulder that it's time to go.But then again when it's your time you can't run and hide. So just live on until you do get the Tap Tap that your time has expired and follow the Grim Reaper to where ever you're going to.
That's what will eventually happen at some point in time. You will expire .Believe it, or not ?
I am a firm believer that things happen for a reason. You where given the chance of changing your flights and you did. I believe that this is God stepping in and arranging for you to be saved by having a change in your plans. It is something that we as people are not able to understand His plans or why He does things, but take this as you where being protected for some purpose He has for you to do. What a testimony you have. We do not know why what happened, or why it happened but God always turns things around for the good, We have to trust in the higher power of our creator to take care of us. Call me crazy if you so desire, but this I believe,
For a thinker, you arent very logical. So God decides to step in and save this guy. That means that God chose not to step in for the other 500 people, condemning men, women and children to die. What, the other 500 werent as valuable to God? Just how is Gods allowing these hundreds of people to die "turning things around for the good"?
Two possibilities for his decision not to give media interviews. The first is that he's a rare example of someone who doesn't wish to dishonor the victims and their families simply for attention (hard to find these days.) The second possibility is that the story is a gross exaggeration and he has realized that, if the media gets involved, they'll probably discover he was never booked on those flights whatsoever. I remember the good old days, when I never would have considered the 2nd possibility all that likely.
Classy guy to not let the media turn its focus away from more important stories to talk about his good luck.
But did he seriously expect to tweet something like this and not have the news spread?
would you NOT tweet that Darius?? that's some serious luck don't take away from this guy him not wanting media attention.. class act all the way!
Darius i doubt the guy thought it would become an international news story
And frankly to be thats lucky he deserves his 15 seconds of fame, its not like he got famous for murder, treason, or any crime...
My sentiments exactly , Big Shoe.
Well I can't help but wonder if he didn't expect this story to blow up like this and just doesn't want anyone snooping to verify anything. There is always a possibility that he might have exaggerated a bit for attention. He learned from the KFC folks in MS.
When I read the article, that was on my mind the whole time. I AGREE!!!!
This guy should publish his itinerary, then we can all cancel any flights he decides not to take.
Hard to agree without being disrespectable, but you are right.
I would be just as nervous taking a flight he IS on.
Don't you get it? He has stopped telling the public about it!!!!! Little known fact,,,,anyone who was traveling with malasia airlines during the two incidents can say that they were going to take that flight but switched at the last second, in fact no one can say they boarded either of the flights then decided to exit before take off.... So stupid and pointless i cannot believe i am even entertaining thoughts and typing what is on my mind, just a wasted void trying to fill in with bullshi* facts that are impossible for valididity.
If he has his original itinerary, then he has the proof. Also, the airline would have the record of his cancellation.
Who wants to board a plane going over a war zone? I would not have rode that plane for free...or any other one going over Russia...
Pretty Freaky...Like the true story of The Japanese man who went to Hiroshima on business. He checked into his hotel and the next morning, The Americans Nuked the city... He survived, but was an emotional Wreck.... His friends tried to get him to stay over for a few days, but he refused saying he wanted to get back to his family and home...So he went home. That home, was in Nagasaki. He got Nuked again...and survived a second time. Can't remember the guys name but he finally died about 5 years ago....The only man on earth to have survived TWO Nuclear Attacks.
Heard that story on Radio Lab
He picked the wrong week to quit sniffin glue.
His name was Tsutomu Yamaguchi. There are 160 people who survived both bombings.
Funny how this guy nor any guy survived the 370 and the 17.
they were just trying to kill godzilla!
Interesting story, Rick. Sort of like the story of Violet Jessop. She was a stewardess on the Titanic and survived the sinking. When WWI began, she became a nurse and was assigned to the Brittanic. She was aboard when that ship hit a mine and was sunk as well. I think she may have been on the Olympic when it collided with another ship right before the Titanic sailed as well. Some people just have extraordinary luck with disasters!
Tsutomu Yamaguchi was his name. He died in 2010 at the age of 93 with stomach cancer.
All I can say is Wow..
Reminds me to Molly Brown who survived the sinking of the Titanic and Lusitania.
Actually, Crusader, Margaret "Molly" Brown was NOT on the Lusitania. I think there was a movie that said she was, but that isn't historically accurate. Still pretty good to survive EITHER of those sinkings.
@ Ette---Ette says 160 people survived both bombings...well...maybe that's true... But how many of them were Japanese ?.... That's what I want to know.
All of us here on Yahoo have survived ALL above mentioned tragedies ...Could say wasn't our time yet......
He also survived 9/11, the Carnival Cruise sinkings (All of them), the Holocaust, and the meteor that made the dinosaurs extinct.
Kind of a "Final Destination" moment...hope this guy's luck holds.
that japanese dude is one badass motha you know what
More then one survived both bombings, (quite a few experienced it both) the guy you were referencing was the last survivor of the two attacks.
the only thing we survived was not getting a hernia getting off of our #$%$!
chuck norris survived all disasters/tragedies known to man; with flying colors!
I heard his name was Ima Stilglowin ... worked in the lighting industry for a number of years after the bombings.
I have a friend who something similar to this happened to. She was going to fly from New Jersey to California on September 11, 2001. Her flight was going to be United Airlines 93, but she was held up because the friend she was staying with became severely ill.
Sounds a lot like the man on Godzilla
arnold swarzneggar survived a ton of distasters
Could it be that they can see the future, or....
Maybe they had a falling out....get FALL OUT....
So did Bruce Willis and Stalone.
There were a good number who survived both bombings because refugees from the first made their way to the second city for shelter.
Although at least 160 people are known to have been affected by both bombings, Tsutomu Yamaguchi is the only person to have been officially recognized by the government of Japan as surviving both explosions.
Although 165 people are known to have been affected by and survived both bombings, Tsutomu Yamaguchi is the only person to have been officially recognized by the government of Japan as surviving both explosions in March of 2009. Late in his life, he began to suffer from radiation-related ailments, including cataracts and acute leukemia. His wife also suffered radiation poisoning from black rain after the Nagasaki explosion and died in 2008 (at 88) of kidney and liver cancer after a lifetime of illness. All three of his children reported that they suffered from health problems that they thought were inherited from their parents' exposure. In 2009, Yamaguchi learned that he was dying of stomach cancer. He died on January 4, 2010 in Nagasaki at the age of 93.
I never heard that story before. AMAZING!!!
Yamaguchi, Tsutomu - there are 143 people in Japan who share that name, although. that can change any minute.
"Some people just have extraordinary luck with disasters!" Or they are a magnet for those kind of things and should be avoided at all costs?
That's almost as impressive as Wedge surviving two assaults on the Death Star (and Hoth too).
The guy died nearly 90 years old from stomach cancer and the idiot (US) reporter had the gall to state that it might have been caused by fallout. I often think of this guy when I'm having a bad day.
Dated a Doctor once...she told me anyone who lives to that age has some form of cancer or another...although I'm sure he had other issues from radiation throughout his life...he just was a survivor is all...millions of survivors everyday everywhere
Kappa, I was feeding the dinosaurs when the meteor struck. I survived. I don't always feed the dinos but when I do shiza happens.
I would like this guy to pick my lottery numbers please.
He can only tell you what numbers not to take.
This is what I call Respect. I am so glad there is someone out there who decided not to join the "Media" hands. It's nice to see that there are still people that have respect and sympathy for tragic events such as.
Its because they dont want him slipping up and messing the story up. The chances of him avoiding the same 2 flights that went down are astronomical. You have a better chance of getting struck by lightning and winning the lottery on the same day. Same with the lady who lost family in the two flights, astronomical odds. We are being sold a bill of good.
Sean, you know the odds of winning the lottery twice? People have done it.
He was respectful and wishing everyone strength was gracious.
Yahoo posted an article a while back about a guy in I think Florida who's won the lottery four times. The odds may be astronomically rare, but that doesn't mean they're impossible.
@Sean I have a name for you.Tsutomu Yamaguchi.The man survived the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Some other guy survived working on the Burma Railroad, then one of the aforementioned bombs after being shipped to Japan. He was still alive as of 2012.
'Wassup' Real nice to see in this COLD fu**ed up world we find ourselves in, that there's still people (u), with some respect and feelings. Not like a-holes like 'Eric' up there who thinks it's all a joke, with his 'glue' sniffin' mentality. Too bad he missed the flight!
In a world of a waning concept of morality and respect as well as increasing selfishness. This is fresh air.
There's a Malaysia Airline husband and wife F/A couple - she switched schedules and was not on MH 370, he switched schedules and was on #17. I guess when it's your time, it's your time.
he is a professional athlete. He doesn't want media attention to begin with.
Sean you're an idiot. Not only have people won the lottery twice but there was one couple that won the jackpot on two different lotteries on the same night. You just keep on thinkin the medias purpose is something more than entertainment, something to read. I wish you would have said what the purpose was of his story being a hoax so I could have had a bigger laugh. I bet you think my comment is part of the media propaganda too.
If he wanted to keep this quite then why is it in the news?
the chosen one.......LOW KEY, more like it.....
So then how did everyone know about it unless he told the story? He tells the story, then doesn't want to talk about it.
Diane all it takes is telling one family member or a close friend who then does the "work". Sometimes in situations like this I begin to ask myself if things like this should just be kept within one's self and thank god for a "new" life.
Respect doesn't have anything to do with this. This was his situation and his story alone to tell or not tell.
Yup. Classy guy. Well put, Wassup.
No, Wassup, he tweeted it. Yeah, things are always private when you tweet.
Years ago, on a school trip, my brother and I met an American exchange student who got sick at the last minute and had to cancel his return flight on Pan Am 103. Every one of his like 50 friends and classmates died. He was a wreck. 12 years ago, one of my clients was Morgan Stanley, and the fellow I was working with was on a cruise on 9/11. He is the only known survivor of his entire division (North tower, I believe). Sometimes surviving can be very painful.
Actually, very few (12 I think) Morgan Stanley employees died because Rick Rescorla defied the orders of the Port Authority and made everyone leave. If you get a chance, read his life story. The man was a true hero in every sense of the word.
prog - Didn't know that part (just read wiki). It's been years, but it was probably his team that died - he was I.T. so they may have been in the data center trying to initiate failovers, etc.
The most dangerous part of any airplane trip is the car ride to the airport.
An honorable person! Attention should be given to the victims.
Kind of like how the people felt who missed the maiden voyage of the Titanic.
or the poor girl that went to Columbine high school and Virginia Tech during both shootings
I wouldn't be here if it weren't for my great grandpa for getting the flu and not being allowed on the Titanic. He later went on the Lusitania to come to the USA and got here safely and the Lusitania got bombed as it went back. He got lucky, twice.
Yup, like the guys Leo won his tickets from in that card game.
yep. and some of those lived to 90, others died young....it's all a #$%$ shoot
The Titanic didn't have 2 maiden voyages.
@Chris Or the guy that survived the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
My sister was on a business trip in New York and I went with her. Her am appointment canceled and we decided to go to Little Italy for breakfast. Her meeting was in WTC Tower 2. The date was 9/11.
More like just missing the sailings for both the Titanic *and* the Lusitania. If he ever switches flights again, let me know so I can make sure I'm not on his original flight.
For the Family Guy fans, Seth McFarlane missed his flight. He overslept for Flight 93 on 9/11. @ionescu, I have no idea that happened until reading some the comments here.
that some weird final destination type of stuff right there. Maybe Death is trying to take him but he's always one step behind
Interesting, but more tragic are the stories of the people who were booked elsewhere and decided to switch to MH370 or MH17 at the last minute. There had to be a few at least.
He's flying again? This guy's obviously never seen Final Destination!
He won't be flying Malaysian airlines anytime soon, Methinks.
Probably not because the airline is going bankrupt in a few months, I can tell you that for sure...
I hope he hasn't watched any of the Final Destination movies.
Wise not to make too much out of it for fear of irking the powers that be. Besides, there were probably some 'lucky' people on stand-by who were thrilled they got those seats. What of God's plans for them. I was supposed to fly overseas next week. But doing teleconferences in my pj's from Santa Monica is looking pretty good right now.
Isn't his story the premise behind the movies series Final Destination? Wow. I also heard that one family lost someone in both Malaysian flights. Awful.
I once was on a US Airways flight that narrowly missed a bird on takeoff that, if it had gone into the engine, would have caused catastrophic failure, ending with the plane's fiery crash into a Children's Hospital. Fortunately, nothing happened at all, and no one was even aware anything happened. In other words, near disasters happen every day. We never think about them because they didn't happen. Hundreds of thousands of homes in Oklahoma were NOT leveled by a tornado today. Were they lucky? Neither was this guy, statistically speaking.
but, but, but... he is a cyclist so therefore this is big news
Changing to a different flight and having your original flight crash may not be news. But having something like that happen twice? To me that's not news, it's just an opportunity for the religious people to talk about 'god's power'. Hold on to your hats, folks. This is going to be a bumpy ride.
No, SeaTurtle. The odds of a bird taking out both engines is remote. All of these jets have ample power from 1 engine to land or take off. Furthermore, jet engines are required to run for 20 minutes after intaking a 4 pound bird. The ONLY times a plane lost a jet engine in recent history was when several geese were taken in by an engine all at once. I assure you that one bird would not cause a jet to crash.
I understand the point you are trying to make about "near misses statistically happen all the time", but you are apparently missing the point that, statistically, flying rarely results in death, and yet this man had flights booked on 2 deadly air disasters in a row but changed flights at the last minute. The odds of that happening for any one individual are astronomical. So, yes, he was "lucky". (Or "unlucky" to have ever been booked on them in the first place.)
David, yes, I know about the whole bird strike thing, I was just making a point that a billion "near misses" happen every day, but because they didn't happen we don't realize how "lucky" we are, even when nothing bad happens. You're missing the forest for the trees. Cats Pajamas, I understand your point as well, but statistically, the odds of SOMEONE booking and canceling tickets on both flights is actually much lower, in the same way that winning two lotteries is also astronomical, but still sometimes happens. In which case that double winner is "lucky" (or "unlucky," given what often ends up happening to lottery winners).
Death is zeroing in on you.
I was on a flight on my 40th birthday internally lamenting my life was over. All of a sudden the deheading pilot next to me said, "oh that's not good." He had heard a sound and it turned out we blew an engine, they weren't sure the other one was not on fire so we turned back and made the emergency landing with the fire engines, etc. All of a sudden turning 40 was the best thing ever.
Please let the other passengers on the next flight you cancel know that you will not be flying so they have a chance to cancel as well.
so your expecting him to never take a plane for the rest of his life lol? or maybe have a private plane all to himself.
of course he can fly; he just can't cancel a flight once he's booked it without alerting all the other passengers!
A best solution is not to fly over Russia or a war zone.
Kudos to him for putting the focus back on the victims of these tragedies instead of talking to all the media.
Maybe he should think twice about traveling to Malaysia. I would stop going there!
Is it scary and sad that both MH370 and MH17 had major accidents? Yes. But however numbers don't lie, I read Boeing's stats and they said just under 70,000 commercial airliners are in the sky every single day of the year carrying a total of over 4 million people each day. That also totals 1.7 billion people each year and over 25 million flights per year. Basically what I'm saying is, the next time you board your flight I wouldn't be worried about it crashing considering you probably have better odds of winning the lottery and getting struck by lightning that same day lol.
well aren't you just the little math wizard. I bet your parents are real proud of you. Now, sign off the internet and go read a good book because you sir, are an idiot
It is a well known fact flying commercial is safer then driving and most other modes of travel. It just taps into irrational fears when it happens...why would I, a land locked person, be afraid of sharks for example or bears when none live anywhere near me? Fears are irrational much of the time and if you want true peace and happiness the sooner you control them, the sooner that happens. It is possible and one way is to just live in the moment every single day. Peace and Namaste
This is a little offbeat, but stick with me - when the Challenger was having trouble getting off the launch pad day after day, I turned to my mother and said, "That's an omen. You couldn't pay me enough to get on that shuttle." When it exploded, my mom woke me up by literally jumping on the sofa and yelping "Oh my god, oh my god!"...After that, if I felt funny about a flight or whatever, I switched my plans - and in 1994, I refused to get in a car with a good friend who left without me...she was hit head on, and all involved died. I think that we're given little 'heads up' messages, so to speak...I just wish I could have changed the fate of others. =(
Why did you refuse to get in the car - another omen, or were they drunk
Maybe if you had gotten in the car, events would have been altered and they'd all still be alive. Live with that
How long did you delay her when you were refusing the ride? Even a few seconds could have made all the difference in you both surviving the ride or her dying in the crash.
I don't believe in coincidences. Always follow your gut feeling!
I don't think that i'm going to be hanging out with Maarten anytime soon. It looks like Mr. death is trying to meet him.
Well I guess he'll never fly a Malaysian airline. I guess it was not his time! My thoughts are with the families of the lost but I am happy this guys life wasn't lost! I had a friend whose dad was suppose to be on the flight going toward the twin towers in 2001 but last min, his dad missed the flight and wound up taking another flight. Funny how stuff like that works. Another time, my husband and I were an hour late to our skydiving appt, and when we got there we missed the plane we were suppose to be on. I was glad I did because I watched the instructor that I was suppose to be attached to, die. He jumped out and his shoot didn't open. I didn't go skydiving that day. Or then there is Frane Selak who cheated death 7 times.. The real trains, planes and automobiles.
His team often flies Malaysian Airlines. Until this year, I had not heard of any problems with this airline, and this more recent incident was certainly NOT the airline's fault.
SOUNDS LIKE A BAG OF WINDY'S TO ME....HEE HEE....
His story makes me think of those series of movies entitled "Final Destination" whereby in the first movie, some passengers cheated death by getting off the plane at the last minute because of a premonition and of course, the plane blew up on take off but death kept following them supposedly because it was their time and death was not about to give up and kept attempting to get them into certain situations to cause their demise. Some were lucky and some were not since death got them eventually. Okay, it is only a movie but damn, if this guy cheated death twice, it makes you think. Perhaps it wasn't his time or again, perhaps it was and death just struck out twice but will be stalking him in an attempt to bring about his demise. Again, it is only a movie and I just talking but seriously, if he did escape and cheat death whether my luck or coincidence, I wish him well and I say to him........avoid Malaysia Airlines. I know I would.
I was thinking the same thing..... stay away from this guy.
Thinking same .... guess that's how powerful movies are.......seriously he should be monitored.
For someone who keeps saying "I know it's just a movie", you sure do take it pretty seriously. It IS just a movie and no, death is not a conscious entity stalking anyone.
Okay, the MH crashes are definitely his fault. Death has his ticket but he's doing his best to best death.
Tell all new media to go to hell. They are parasites. I would like to see the vast majority of them lose their pathetic jobs and have to get real jobs to survive.
Hope he never watches the movie Final Destination.
He was maybe questioned by Malaysian airline or someone else, because there are records about booking and delaying tickets. He is now 4 times lucky: 2 times with the airline choosing; 2 times now with the nice protecting articles and with the paid trolls posts
I don't want to force anybody to down another airlines plane to hear the trolls and journalists saying "You see its not just that airline" But can we hear an investigation: Why is it, paid trolls with some "actor" are making anti campaign against this airline ??
Maarten de Jong may have finished 35th in the bike race, but in my book, he finished first with being a gentleman with class and respect for others. Thank you.
Might want to ride the bike to Malaysia instead.
Good on him on deciding to keep his mouth shut on his good fortune.
Apparently, the only lessons he learned from the "Final Destination" movies were that Jennifer Love Hewitt and Ali Larter were hot.
I am a good Democrat who believes Republicans are evil meanies and I just want to give the world a big hug. I believe in letting every person in my country as a full citizen if they want to come. I believe we should give poor people money so they won't be poor. I believe Lance Armstrong didn't take drugs because he said he didn't. I love everybody except George Bush. In fact, the only things besides that evil anti-Christ (I don't really believe that since I don't believe in Christ) that I don't love are cyclists and the Dutch.
When you think owning a gun should be more of a right than being cared for when you are sick, you really need to re-examine your priorities.
If I were this guy, I think I would avoid flying with Malaysian Airlines.
Because both airplane has the same disappearing evidences story, it means not the Malaysian airline the problem but those who afraid from something there.. like: the justices system was strong enough to convict Bush and his mates war-criminals, and israel is now in the same shoes with the war on concentration camp (Gaza) and not to mention the trade deficit in this "Great"-crisis
@Joe - I have no idea what you are trying to say.
I actually don't believe him. Was he actually booked on both flights?
I'd be buying a lottery ticket if I were him. He is one lucky dude
I'd be very careful if I were him. Somebody up there wants him dead, badly.
Look out for that falling rock! Final destination?
One lucky dude I guess. Next time he has to fly he better pick a different airline.
I'd start thinking about boats as a means of transportation.
As long as it's not with the 'Costa............ships, or the Asia ferries.
Yeah, nothing's safe nowadays from human incompetence or insanity.
Out of reverence...good guy. I was horrified to hear on the news that people were rifling through victims' pockets looking for credit cards and such. And a baby died in the crash. People going through the debris and fuselage were actually cracking jokes. What sickness.
There is so much sickness, violence and death in the world that people have become almost immune or have hardened their hearts. It is sad for sure.
Humans are animals and most are.
I am sure people were taking jewelry cash and credit cards off the dead passengers. So sad.
I bet its not that unusual in a war ravaged area. Lets see how clean your cloud is if you ever have to face adversity in your life.
Well, to be honest, those people no longer have any use for cash or whatever they had on them, so can't really blame those taking it off them - especially in a warzone. The Ukrainian or UN investigators probably would've done that anyway, when they got to inspect the bodies.
I saw a video of men walking on the aircraft wing and below a guy standing next to a red suitcase that was dumped out and had a LV wallet partially open and clothes on the ground
Maybe stay off Malaysian Airlines forever?
This man owes something to the universe for his good karma. If I were him I would be paying it forward big time...charitable giving and/or volunteering. There are no accidents.
I still can't believe Malaysia Airfare still haven't had much price drop.
My granddad missed a flight in WW 2 the plane crashed and everybody died.
lucky guy it was his fate
Weird if he died I wouldn't be here today....
I would rather hitchhike than fly Malaysian Air. Better chance of getting to destination!
Perhaps if he were 'on' those planes it would have changed the dynamic and they wouldn't have had their fate?
I really don't think there is much of a dynamic to change when your plan is shot down by a missile.
Funny people think those that cheat death are lucky. In lots of cultures where life is miserable death is not considered hell. More like an escape from the hell, life on earth can be. But death is the ultimate mystery. None of us really have any idea what lurks once the body switches off.
You know that saying "third time's a charm"? Well, I'm not a believer in it, but if I were in his shoes, just to be on the safe side, I would find myself another airline for future travel.
He needs to buy a lottery ticket.
Gee maybe he should stop flying on Malaysian Airlines.
Malaysia Airlines will stick to my mind for a long time and not in a good way.
Sad thing I bet he get hits by a car riding his bike. More people die each year on bike 900 average in the US than the average world plane crashes 500
My suggestion is that you don't try for a third miracle.
I want the seat next to this guy. He seems to have a guardian angel whispering in his ear.
I think we've all learned an important lesson from this story... Don't, under any circumstances, fly Malaysia Airlines.
I would be permanently traumatized if I missed both of those flights and require years of counselling! Too TOO creepy if true! Is anybody else thinking of that movie Final Destination? REAL LIFE!
I think it might be a good idea to check his next flight and avoid it.
In WW2 my uncle who was about 18 at the time was at different times on both HMAS Perth and HMAS Sydney, but was transferred shortly before each went down, all hands lost in both cases (transferred at sea apparently to another boat in one case).
I probably would never fly again, they say the third time is the charm.
hate to say it but the grim reaper is creeping on this guy. Probably get felled by an errant pretzel choking incident
Did anybody else watch 'Final Destination'? He may have cheated death twice, but I'm not getting on a plane with that dude.
If I understand this story I would check with this guys travel agent and not book any flight that he bought a ticket for.
Best to change different Airline next time.
I hate flying. Ever since I experienced really bad turbulence, I said that's it, I'm done. I avoid at all cost.
Count your blessings young man, it was not your time. After this incident I would avoid any flight on Maylasian Air, to many lives lost with no obvious explanation for either one.
Wow that is really crazy. Extremely cool of him to be considerate of the grieving families. May he be lucky in every flight in the future!
Perhaps he should try a different airline.
Not only is this guy a class act, he has got to be one of the luckiest people on the planet right now. If I were him, I'd go out and buy some lottery tickets or head over to a casino and start making large bets on a high limit craps table..
If I were this guy I probably would not be able to function right now thinking any second I am going to pay for this somehow. It's probably easier to hit numerous lotteries than what happened here. Wow
I'm starting to feel sorry for Malaysian Airlines.
I'd be more intrigued if he said he'd changed his flight plans due to a feeling or premonition, but this is doggone amazing, too.
Final Destination, it will get him...
A creative way to handle the matter would be handling media requests for the right price, and then donating the funds to a charity supporting victims of the flights.
ITs all his fault. Final Destination is all I need to say!!
I know how he feels. Delayed my flt from Jakarta to Bali one day because of an unexpected appointment otherwise, I would have been in Kuta Bali when the bomb went off. My flt there the next day only had three passengers on the whole jet. Everybody else cancelled their trip
Even though the 3 person trip was safer than the average, you know they checked the sht out of everything. Plus security only had to deal with 4 passengers. People are something, huh?
Dude, don't ever, ever fly Malaysian again!
There is such thing as appointed time in every one's life. Death will come to every individual in different manner, situation and events though... but at a certain time.
I would just stay the hell off this airline period!
He is handling this appropriately. He should not publicly celebrate or capitalize on his good fortune when there are over 500 families with inconsolable grief.
Finally - someone with class who's not out for the dollar or fame.
Watch now, he'll choke on a chicken bone or hit his head and drown in the shower or something equally mundane.
I think a lot of people will be having second thoughts about Malaysian Airlines in light of these two tragedies. Just horrible news.
Very lucky or he knows something nobody else does.
I wonder if anyone had a different flight and then changed plans to be on the unfortunate flight. Is there a conservation law regarding luck?
If I were him, I'd consider myself lucky, without the need to talk to the media about it. Doing so invites future disaster.
Big Clue stop flying Malaysia air lines the next one will be the last. Bad things happen in three's one more left.
That is really spooky, and I wouldn't want to talk about it either. But going forward I would make decisions assuming that I had used up my whole lifetime's allotment of good luck.
He should broadcast his next booked flight on facebook and I won't be on it.
This guy needs to play the lottery every day and live on the boat.
Either he is a compulsive flight switcher, or we need to know when he cancels a flight.
if he keeps this up we aren't going to let him fly anywhere (sarcasm) but seriously this is so odd, it defies belief im having trouble truly believing this.
This makes me think of Tsutomu Yamaguchi, who lived in Nagasaki but was in Hiroshima on business on Aug. 6, 1945. He survived that atomic bomb, then returned home and survived the other one three days later.
I am reminded of the passage that begins Stephen Crane's "The Red Badge of Courage," regarding the simple trajectory of the bullet and the complex trajectory of the man that intersect at the moment a soldier is shot. We all meet that bullet, but not today. Not today. . . .
Might be today... Also do not forget the complex trajectory of the man who shot the bullet.
you are a genius.............a gentleman and a scholar
This is due to the mysterious cooking of Flying Spaghetti Monster (Sauce be Upon Him). His noodley appendage is all over this.
Maybe he needs to consider a different airline.
He should consider sticking to his bicycle for transportation from now on.
with the way motorists rule the roads??? yeah, right...
Time to buy a lottery ticket.
Time to start booking on a different airline, bub. Don't want to be one of those 'third time's the charm' type people.
He should buy me some friggin lottery tickets! And then invest in a good quality parachute and life raft.
Inigo Montoya: You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
I'd be reluctant to board any Malaysia flight right now.
There won't BE a Maylsian Air Lines to board............
I would be reluctant to board any Malaysia air flight well before these last two incidents.
What about United and American airlines? They each had planes taken out. It's stupid to destroy an airline based on superstition. Those blaming the flight course would also have complained for the extra cost if they had to fly a plane avoiding a warzone.
I'd be reluctant to fly period!
They must be out of business now as who would ever trust that airline again
It's like final destination, he keeps escaping, ...it'll catch him soon enough. All jokes aside, what a horrific tragedy, I can't see why anyone would ever fly Malaysian again
Final Destination! That guy needs to go live in a padded room and avoid all planes.
The guardian angel who whispers in his ear is a very good one!
He's a very lucky man. If I were him I'd consider finding another frequent flyer program.
I WANT THIS GUY'S GUARDIAN ANGELS.
How much longer do you think Malaysian Air stays in business with their recent rep taken into consideration?
Maybe their motto is: "It beats walkin'!"
What a genuinely nice person. I am so glad he wants any attention he would get to go to the rememberance of the poor victims on these flights.
Technically he cheated it once, i would have cancelled the 2nd ticket after hearing about the first plane.
He obviously has contacts with the CIA.
I hope he starts playing the lottery, if he hasn't already.
Call him in for questioning. Putin knows what happened to MH370. They all has to do with Ukraine.
Sounds like Final Destination to me, I'd be sleeping with one eye open.
Okay on both MH370 and now MH17, were most of those passengers sort of rich? It seemed like every single passenger that I read about was either a big shot doctor or researcher or a person going on like a 5 week vacation lol. Must be nice to be able to just go on 5 week long international vacations visiting about 4 or 5 different countries. As much money as it sounds like most of these passengers had, it amazes me they choose Malaysia Airlines to travel with. And by the way, the triple 7 jet offered by Malaysia Airlines doesn't even have a First Class like the Malaysia Airbus does.
Really!!! Hundereds were killed and many others were affected. All you can talk about is how rich they were and "Must be nice to be able to just on on 5 week long international vacation lol" There is nothing funny about hundreds of people dead. A very inappropriate response!!!
@William I think what Justin is saying: it's too interesting why everybody "preferred" this airline even though Malaysian airline is the victim here like the dead passengers. Actually who bocked these air-tickets for these people, not why did they chose this airline but "Was it their first time or not with this airline ??" because somebody had to book those tickets isn't ?? and who has the benefit from the damaging Malaysian airline ??
One thing sure the trolls and zions for some reason are attacking the Malaysian airline even though this wasn't their fault..
Conclusion: Don't fly with Malaysia Airlines.
A couple years ago there was a guy from Japan that died very old. He had claimed to have survived both nukes at nagaski and Hiroshima.
Were he a sailor, other mariners would call this man 'marked.' There are certain individuals in more superstitious fields -- but particularly those who sail the seas -- who believe that there are men out there that are destined to face a certain fate, and that, after a few near misses, it is only a matter of time before that fate catches up with them. I don't know this man, and I can't speak for him. But were I in his shoes, I would never set foot on an aircraft again.
There are movies about that too....Final Destination.
Or maybe he simply shouldn't fly Malaysian Airlines. Otherwise, I tend to agree with you. He's lucky to have cheated death twice. Seems like Fate is after him, sort of speak....
We're all destined to that "fate" you speak of. One can't live in fear. He's got a good attitude, “You should try not to worry too much because then you won’t get anywhere."
Fingers crossed your just a Superstitious Idiot and this man doesn't get killed in a plane. (Yes it's Irony I know)
Also many in various other fields would call this man a "lucky #$%$"
Screw that, kick fate in the balls and run.
The best way to have good karma is to not indulge yourself in Superstitions.
You would make a terrible atheist.
It's all statistics folks. 6 billion of us knocking around here and sometimes weird things happen. Some people survive an airline disaster, then get murdered a week later.
Hey, dumb a(s)s, how about you stop trying to fly to Malaysia?
He was already in Malaysia for the first one as it was a flight to Beijing where he was presumably going for a cycling event. He rides for a Malaysia team. Kind of hard for him to avoid the country.
I'm not sure that an American would respond to the media requests in as classy a way as this Dutch cyclist has.
Why would the idiot Malaysia airlines fly over a war zone?
Most others were doing the same. ICAO deemed them safe though the governemnt of Ukraine warned airlines to stay above 30,000 feet, which the Malaysia Airlines plane was doing. Who was to know that the Russians would use highly sophisicated anti-aircraft missiles to take it down? A Singapore Airlines flight was right behind this one and an Eva airlines flight was not far ahead of it.
He needs to stop flying Malaysia Airlines. Unless he wants his luck to run out.
So these plane crashes aren't real, this is all just being staged for the next Final Destination movie? Wonder how this guy ends up buying it.
Did he mention anything about lotto numbers?
Reminds me of Final Destination. Creepy!
I don't know whether this guy is lucky or unlucky.
Maarten should just ride his bike everywhere from now on. If he needs to go to Malaysia from the Netherlands he could just peddle through Russia and take a right at Mongolia and keep biking south through China and Thailand and keep on pumping through the Thai penninsula til you hit Malaysia, it's connected to Thailand. Koala Lamp Pure is right on down the road.
Well, at least someone is willing to avoid the media, despite persistent requests. More on topic, I'm glad that he lived. But let me simply say: This seems like too much luck for one man... Especially in such a short time. Who am I to judge, but I can't help wondering if something bigger is going on.
Him opting to not get on that plane is no more remarkable than others deciding to get on. I wonder if someone who was on standby took the seat that he opened up.
But he risks death everyday riding his bike in the roadways! Careful Bud!
I am glad he told his story at least once - because he can be a face to draw people to realize so many people died and unnecessarily due to the violence going on - and what's sadder is that any time that peace is attempting to be brokered one side or the other acts like an idiot. People lose focus on it - just like they have on Israel and Palestine.
Sounds like a good time to quit flying commercial airlines across the board, before his luck completely runs out.
Death wins in the end, even if he walks to every destination.
He could be like the fan that walked to the world cup and got killed by a car.
Time for this guy to play the lottery!
....wouldn't YOU if you cheated death....twice?
This guy should ride his bicycle to Malaysia.
Okay, going through Iran would miss Iraq or Syria.. Is Pakistan safe? then you'll have Burma
If im ever on a flight with him, i want to know if he's looking for another one!
"You should try not to worry too much because then you won't get anywhere" ~ true enough, but I wouldn't be tempting fate by making reservations on Malaysian Airlines! As for some of the news reports, some victims' credit cards have already been used........there are no words to explain such disgusting behavior.
And now, because life is full of twisted ironies, he'll probably get hit by a bus or somehow suffer an equally pointless death. Shoulda kept his mouth shut.
This guy misses his flights, like I miss the lottery every week!
If you ever book a flight with this guy on it...you'd better switch flights. But wait! What if he switches flights too and now you're on the same flight that he is? Should you switch back? NO! because that's the doomed flight! But what if he switches back? Then you're on the same flight that will be doomed...unless you switch back. But what if he didn't switch back and he switched to a different flight instead? After all, he's the target THEY are after, not you! So it doesn't really matter what flight you're on...unless you're on the flight he's on because he's the real target. But THEY have tried and missed twice. So, to ensure that THEY get their man THEY will have to down EVERY Malaysian flight! So you book a flight on a different airline. But HE is on to THEM so he books a flight on another airline. So what if he's on the same different airline that YOU are on? What are the odds that HE could be on the same different airline at the same time that YOU are on? It could happen. The odds are against it, but...it...could...happen. How would YOU ever know before it's too late? Just ask HIM...
or just back out of the flight when he does.
This reminds me of the Monte Hall Problem and the three doors... Suppose you're on a game show, and you're given the choice of three doors: Behind one door is a car; behind the others, goats. You pick a door, say No. 1, and the host, who knows what's behind the doors, opens another door, say No. 3, which has a goat. He then says to you, "Do you want to pick door No. 2?" Is it to your advantage to switch your choice?
I see FINAL DESTINATION type destiny written all over this guy. Expect something gory and with a splash!
If true, that's freaky, Final Destination freaky.
Took that thought right out of my head.
He will probably die doing what he loves to do...cycling is just as dangerous as flying!
David - ALL forms of transportation are more dangerous than flying... unfortunately, reckless motorists makes things unsafe for we cyclists...
Hilarious, Ludahai. Cyclists think they own the road.
Keith - cyclists have the right to use the road safely...
They don't have the right to hold up a lane of traffic on the expressway or weave in and out of traffic on the expressway, both of which I see regularly. And when you cause an accident, it's our fault. Ridiculous.
I have never seen a bicycle on an expressway!!! And bicycles have the right to the entire lane of the road in accordance with the law...
I see bicycles on the expressway regularly. Get off the road! If you're riding your bike 15 mph in a 55 zone then get out of the way or I'll lay on my horn until you do.
I don't know how expressway is defined where you are, but according to the definition used here, I have never seen a bicycle on one... it is forbidden...
I'd have to make it a policy never to fly MAL, third times the charm. This guy will never win a stage in a race, he has the Grim Reaper as a passenger (unless he can convince Mr. Reap to take out the competition).
What if every time he canceled his flight, it triggered a small yet complex series of events that lead to each plane crash? No, I'm not serious but is interesting to think about.
That rare possibility is why we should nto try adn second guess fate. Try and be safe and live well but be at peace enough to die well when it is our time.
Classy act not to tell his story out of respect for the victims and their families.
"Cyclist says he cheated death twice after switching tickets on doomed Malaysian flights" Don't smile too much .... Maarten de Jonge ... Death hasn't forgotten you. Death is like a Ghetto Thug ... you can run, hide and move to another state... but sooner or later ... you will get recognized, spotted and/or found.
God was not ready for him yet. but Final destination runs through my mind as well
Kind of like a couple of friends of one of my roommates from college. They both stayed up too late watching the Giants on Monday Night Football on 9-10-01 and missed their train into Manhattan. They were still in the subway running 30 minutes late when the first tower was hit. They both worked above where the plane hit and would never have gotten out.
actually many people got out alive
Awesome luck if a true story.
Tom - none of their coworkers did.
If he were American he would survive all of this only to be robbed and shot by some thug outside of the 7/11 just a few months later.
You were one lucky guy... and now, NO ONE should even try and fly Malaysian Airlines... they are carrying a DOOMSDAY KARMA now.... Two identical planes is bad enough, but if you have to fly anywhere use a different airlines Mr.Maarten de Jonge,,, more GOOD LUCK to you Sir.
He sounds like a cocky #$%$. I don't know why he's smiling. It's like Final Destination. Life has a plan of death for him and he'll eventually get his.
One Powerful Guardian Angel you have brother.
Why didn't the guardian angel disable the plane on the ground and save everyone? Or disable the rocket?
Those are the dudes that die slipping on a banana peel.
So this whole time death has just been trying to meet its quota but this guy just won't cooperate.
calm down people...everyone is jumping all over him because of a photo of a smiling man...some person in a newsroom simply managed to get their hands on a photo they believe to be "Him" ..it may have been pulled off the internet from an old bike ride he was in and it Might Not even be Him....the Press are NOT very good at Checking themselves in the Ancillary parts of these stories. My sister in law was the First person Murdered by a Serial Rapist in Portland, Oregon 12 years ago, he had brutally raped 6 woman but she was the first person he Murdered because She Fought back too Hard..No way ....But ...the Reason for this Post ALL of the Local Newspapers and the TV News ran Pictures of My Wife...that Night an dearly the next morning No Matter how many times we told them they had the wrong photo.....my wife's Brother...his Wife was Murdered....and after this happened I looked into it and have heard story after story of the News running the Wrong Photo for days and people seeing it and then they get called for Juries.
God is great and powerful. His wisdom is beyond no reasonable doubt that he is the Almighty of the Universe and the earth. We are never at one time ever going to come to terms with death because when his appointed time strikes it does just that. When you truly believe in God and do that which is righteous remember, with all your heart, body and soul be rest assured that death is going to be like that examination you have been preparing all the months and years to pull through with distinctions. The difference between a school examination and death is that a school examination has it's appointed time with death it has no appointed time. It strikes at God's appointed time. That's the wisdom of the Great Almighty God and a great secret he has kept to himself. Imagine if he declared our death day, I presume there was going to be pandemonium on this earth cozy in many times it does not ring a bell for us to part ways with the planet. Think of Man-made disastrous weapons when they strike and the pandemonium that exists, stampede, screaming, running for cover and protection to just cling to life.When you are spared with a second chance its just a sign that God has given you a chance to turn around to him by worshiping him and believing in him and doing righteous deeds, not that he hates those he has recalled and loves you more but its just that their appointed time was that time.Our sincere condolences to the bereaved families and friends of the deceased, we ask God the Almighty to pardon them and protect them and accept them, strengthen the widows and widowers left, their children, families and friends. Hold firm to the rope of the teachings of the Almighty God and there shall never be anything of you to be afraid off especially death.
Hello Monkey Man, It is nice that your people have evolved to a point where they can attempt to use language to communicate. Do you want a banana?
Well, glad we got the token 'God Post' out of the way early.
The Soviets blew out of the sky Korean Airlines Flight KAL 007 on September 1, 1983 killing all 269 passengers and crew. It is often said we must never forget! Many do forget and we learn nothing as a society. The irony here is, other than sanctions directed towards Putin and a slap on the wrist, we will move on and soon forget once again. The world we live in is in crisis and no one really cares except the mothers and families who will never forget.
And Ukraine did the same on 4 Oct 2001, so your point is...what???
And Israel did it to a Libyan plane in 1973 and the U.S. did it to an Iranian plane in 1988. SO who's wrist do we start with?
I care....& I AM NOT alone......
Anyone see the movie Final Destination?? There was a flight attendant who swapped flights off of MH370 in March. But she swapped onto MH17 at the last minute a few days ago. I don't believe in such coincidence -- she was destined to die in March. Fate simply caught up to her last week and finished her plans. Simularly this guy's number is going to come up B4 the year is out. He was destined to go out on one o those doomed flights. And fate will catch up to him too -- one way or another.
I was thinking the same thing
Job 14:5 -- "the number of your days and months are with Him ; your bounds are set which ye cannot pass"... In other words, we each have an appointed time to die.
Equally inconceivable: Same flight company, equally tragic event, same year, same model of airplane (composite coincidence). I mean how does the brand recover? Oh and another thing... Russia has shot down an Asian airline before. Here we thought they were our friends... or "liaison" to the Caucasian world. Not so much.
Chinese people are very superstitious so my bet is they will never fly a Malaysia airlines again.I think this company will have some real bad news and bad luck coming and probably be sold off to another company. Just guessing.
I believe the majority owner is the Malaysian government. They may change the name but they'll be around.
For everything there is a season and a time to every purpose under the heaven...
Maarten sounds like an honorable person. I am sure he feels blessed to have had not been on either flight. All things however horrible or good, happen for a reason and I believe we will never know the answers, or understand why.
I'd be traveling by ocean liner from now on...
and wearing a life vest 24/7
getting killed on an airline flight should be the least of most cyclists worries. The way I see most of them run through stop signs in the U.S, their biggest concerns should be automobiles.
hes dutch but ya same risk I guess.
Especially if you try to bicycle commute from outside the greater Boston toward Boston. For some reason, the A.M. leg is much worse than after work.
Automobiles are a serious issue for cyclists. I've bicycle commuted in San Francisco, and north of greater Boston. Boston area motorists are murder for the A.M. leg!
When you consider how many flights there are each day and how many people fly, the odds of this being true are astronomical. I think he's going quiet because trying to impress his friends got a bit out of control.
what a horrible story to be on yahoo for all those mourning the dead!
Cyclists have a far greater chance of dying every time they run a stop sign. A civilian jet getting shot down by a missile is an extremely rare event.
Or getting hit by a car running a stop sign.
More likely that the bike will run the red lights and stop signs.
John - depends on the cyclist... I am put in far more danger by motorists violating the law than anything else...
Personal observation. 99% of cyclists violate the law on a regular basis (but deny it).
John, a fact, most motorists run red lights. I see it every day when I am on my bike. Actually, the number of violations I see is incredible.
twowheelsgood - I can tell from your user name that you are probably biased. Your facts are incorrect. Most motorists DO NOT run red lights.
John - a large number of motorists DO run red lights... and I do follow traffic rules on my bike unless on a group training ride, and even then in the early morning, we run red lights very judiciously... and select routes with very few crossings...
Ludahai - so you admit that you intentionally violate the law?? What an idiot you are. Dude, there is no such thing as "judiciously" running a red light. You do that and get hit and die and it's your own damn fault. Yeah, you give all bicyclists a bad reputation. Sooner or later you will get hit... I don't know of any policeman who will tell you it's OK to sometimes run as red light.
John - only when training... and yes, very judiciously... you are ignorant....
John, 99% of motorists run red light. Get your facts straight. When at a green light I still look both ways because I know a car will be running it any moment. John, you are a complete dusch, Where in the heck do you get your stats. The Duschbag's Bible?
I know, let's show a tweet in Dutch because that's the one language that all Americans can understand. pinheads.
WOW! So ironic. Glad he is thinking of the victims and their families. Classy.
How is it ironic? Sounds like dumb luck to me.
The chances of this type of thing happening ONCE is not expected, let alone TWICE!!
Poor choice of the word 'ironic' on my part.
Woulda been, coulda been, shoulda been this isn't even a story get off the plane wagon there are people who really died because of Obama's and Putin's failures as human beings.
He should definite buy a lottery.
He is already won one. Twice.
I guess he hasn't seen the Final Destination movies?
He's cheated death twice, I suggest people not be around this guy for a while!
Personally, if this is indeed true, I would never fly again if I was him.
Jack - This guy is a LIAR!
Then maybe you are too cowardly to call yourself an American. We need Men and Women, not fainting violets.
I have been in a couple near death auto accidents and this does not keep me from driving flying is supposed to be safer than driving, he should fly how else is he going to compete in cycling around the world.
Big tough guy Brandon flexing his muscles in the Yahoo comments...GO BRANDON GO YOU STUD!
You are a wuss Jack C. Nothing else to say, coward.
No...the coward is you Brandon and I'm sure everyone as well as you can see that. You probably were beat up a lot as a kid and this maladaptive behavior is something you've taken on to compensate for your lack of self worth. Is it working? Think about it Brandon...who enters a forum like this and badmouths people they have never met over a benign statement like mine? A real tough guy tries to conquer his own shortcomings...not highlight someone elses
You sound like those people who have a bad breakup and say they'll never date again... It's like the cyclist says, if you worry too much about it you'll never get anywhere.
Haha Jack C. You wish, but the truth is far different. No, a yellow coward like you is hardly a man. Such cowardice is hardly benign. It is like a cancer in the populace born of indolent luxury and sloth.
I know where you sleep Brandon and I will come like a thief in the night and steal your teddybear boy.
Wow you might want to reconsider that if you knew me...Bring it on, I guess. I was born ready. Although I am more a "turn the other cheek" type of guy on the principal that physical violence is thuggish and sub-human, as well as it being what Jesus commands, I am certainly not a pushover. I will only subdue you, no more unless you get me so mad I see red, then all bets are off. It's not good when I start seeing red.
Alright...I'll leave your Teddybear alone...I sure wouldn't want you t see red...you meanie!
Whenever i hear about #$%$ like this, i think of the movie Final Destination.
I respect his decision but babe you need to cycle and not fly from now on. Karma is looking out for you, best of luck!
Considering all of the conflict between Amsterdam and Kuala Lumpur, cycling that route would be far more dangerous...
I imagine there is a very angry reaper (think Supernatural) plotting his next move.
Way I see it? Either I'm flying whenever this guy is in order to survive, or I'm avoiding him like the plague because third time's the charm.
EVERYONE just needs to stop flying on July 17th. MA flight 17 (298 killed), TAM Airlines in 2007 (199 killed), TWA 800 in 1996 (230 killed), an also in '96 JFK Jr. crashed his airplane sending parts of the nation into mourning. If there is a worse date to be on an airplane, I'd love to know it. Cause the 17th of July and aviation are a BAD combination!
I cheated death twice. The two times I visited Chicago and lived to talk about it.
I've been to Detroit and flint a few times. Definitely don't go roaming around in the neighborhoods.
U should call Fox news. They would love to hear about it.
While they say flying is safer than driving, an automobile accident usually only claims a few lives...An aircraft crash claims hundreds! I think I'll stick to trains...
About 109 Americans die in Automobile accidents every day. That's more than two plane crashes a week.
Not in any single car crash....The odds are in you favor to drive!
Actually your odds of getting killed in an airplane accident are geometrically lower than that of automobile travel (consider globally there were NO deaths in 2012 and only an average of 1,600 deaths per year over the past two decades). It's a free country, make yourself happy.
Well say what you will, but I'd rather be in a car crash on the ground than in an airplane crash from 35,000 feet in the air!
If I were this guy, I wouldn't be bragging about cheating death. It just #$%$ him off more, moves you up on the list, and most likely he'll make your death the most embarrassing way to die for mocking him.
Maybe this is a case of 'Final Destination' and now every flight he books is doomed, with Death trying to catch up with him.
LOL, thinking the same thing. He should be looking over his shoulder for the grim reaper...
I had just told y wife the same thing. LOL
And the only flight that he is safely able to board is called "Flight 666"...
If anything the opposite is true. He has an extremely dedicated guardian angel.
It's a very useful kind of luck, but still the wrong kind of luck. Win $400 million in the lottery and quit flying commercial.
Well, I'm not particularly superstitious, but this kind of luck would give me pause to think about it.
Maybe it had nothing to do with "luck"...........how about FATE?
Sure! Fate and luck are cousins bound by eternity.
I think someone is trying to tell him not to fly on Malaysia Airlines.
It's highly coincidental that the one flight disappears without a trace and a few months later, a plane from the same airline is shot down over the Ukraine, then the SAM launch is blamed, at least in part, on Russia. What would Russia have to gain by either doing it or supporting it?
They wouldn't do it intentionally, and all evidence that is coming out so far sounds like it wasn't done intentionally. The rebels thought they shot down a Ukranian military transport aircraft, but they were wrong.
he was blessed to not go on board - the others will be missed, but not forgotten!
He better really watch out now, death doesn't like to be cheated.
Wasn't there 2 women who took separate flights to San Francisco and both planes were hi jacked and crashed into the WT Towers?
Neither United Flight 175 and America Flight 11 were direct or connection flights to Frisco. They were both heading for LAX. And everyone on those planes took SEPARATE FLIGHTS!
Keep smiling, you can escape the reaper for only so long.
this story reminds me of my uncle, when he was in business. he used to buy airplane tickets every-other week and tells his wife he is flying somewhere for a business but all he does is, go to a parking garage and park his car there to meet one of his young chicks. maybe his wife need to see if this guy is actually going to places that he is or he is just buying tickets to trick his wife. just saying...
The movie Final Destination comes to mind. I wouldn't get so cocky, if I were you Maarten. Death is clearly after you. And if there's anything I've learned from watching 5 mediocre movies with average production quality it's that death always gets it's man. You can expect to die in comically convoluted, grotesque manner. Soon.
No sheet it's "just a movie" Do I seriously have to explain sarcasm that obvious? What is wrong with people these days? Yes, I honestly believe the physical, literal manifestation of death is chasing this man and will soon strangle him to death with shower head. Jesus.
If he is telling the truth then there will be a final destination moment for him, my favorite was the exploding BBQ.
Whether it is fate or by reason, never fly a Malaysian airline again, Maarten. Apparently this government chose here to ignore IPA and FAA warnings not to fly over this war zone and has failed to own up to it's responsibility for it. Other airline companies might now get the message. The cycling gods were on your side.
A reasonable story, shared compassionately. Jim
So what exactly did he know that the others didn't?
If he knew something, he never would have tweeted about avoiding both disasters.
Now he just has to avoid testicular cancer, and he'll have it made in the shade.
The Reaper will catch up to him.
If he wants to buy lottery tickets, I'll go in with him.
Just like the movie... Final Destinations. RIP to the victims of Malaysian airlines!
I don't think the odds of this are really that long... the guy is a World class athlete for a team based in Malaysia so he obviously flies a lot. Furthermore, not that many airlines fly there... so it's natural that he would fly on that airline a lot. What is much more striking probability wise, are the two complete freak accidents that have befallen this one particular airline in such a short time frame.
Natural Super power halt that man because he loves natural green and view.
If I were him, I'd be looking to retire, go into obscurity and withdraw from any public contact.
He's a fool if he ever gets on another plane.
You idiot, now Death is going to come for you personally, wrecking his plans twice like that.
Hats off to you sir for demonstrating enormous respect for others. Most Americans in your position would be begging for a reality TV show.
I wonder if he has ever seen the movie, Final Destination. The guys doomed!
I think Martaan should buy some lottery tickets. I hope he keeps having good luck.
He should be detained immediately by the FBI, CIA, and the Dutch equivalent. He is obviously behind the missing jet as well as the destroyed jet. Putin must be paying him.
Do not forget to thank Almighty God, who has protected you more than twice now. There are no coincidences, but there is a thing for each person on earth called God's Will for your life.
Gloating about it doesn't do anything for your luck. That's how it usually goes for me. This guy better be extra careful from now on.
Another person seeking attention, when will it stop?
This guy is going to get death in a crazy way. Ever see the movie Final Destination?
I wonder, if he thinks back, if de Jonge had any 'premonitions', or vision (or feeling, etc.) indicating the idea to change flights? If pure coincidence, then he sure has a guardian angel at his side. Of course, I wonder what his friend and familial connections are; did anyone in the CIA/ NSA/ NWO/ Illuminati/ Bilderberger (whatever you call "the really rich fucks") tip him off? Someone should do a covert investigation on this guy - if we could crack this open, we would have the guilty parties from everything from "9/11", to ML370. Of course, given the command sub-structure is likely compartmentalized, we can cut off the head (of Dick Cheney...), and the system will still survive. But eventually, someone will take their head out of their "sand" long enough, stand up for what is right, and turn in the criminals responsible. Who, and for how long are the big questions!!
Wait, so we need to investigate this guy's connection to the Illuminati so we can solve the mystery of who planned 9/11? I have a word to describe people like you: CUCKOO!!
Why can't we just put all the people in Gitmo on Malaysian Airlines and tell them if they can fly 911 X's without dying---they get to walk? It's good odds now---they will fall 30,000 before they walk away alive. Gitmo's empty--left is happy. Muhammad meets Jaws or Osama bin Fishfood. Everyone is happy.
try not to sound #$%$ next time
I say prove the itinerary prior to canceling.
Why would he book a flight on the latest Malaysian flight?
Isn't it well past time that civilian airliners are equipped with apparatus that could defend them against such attacks, such as chaff and the like?
If he books another flight on that airline he's a moron.
It's not the airlines fault. Think about how bad everybody connected to Malaysian Air must feel at this moment. I'd say, knowing the Malaysian culture, their grief is right up there with the families of the victims. It's foolish to blame the airlines. Just about every airline in the world has had an accident. There's no blame. Flying is still one of the safest ways to travel. But when there is a crash, it's horrific! How many people died on USA highways this year? 34,000 2013. Don't get in a car ever again.
Gary - he rides for a pro team based in Malaysia and competes regularly on the Asian cycling tour... he will be on another Malaysia Airlines flight... besides, their service is actually quite good...
Lots of zeros to the right of the decimal point on this one! This whole fiasco is like a wet dream for a probability enthusiast.
Some sort of subconscious prerecognition? Would be interesting to do some psychic testing on this guy.
...If the crash was a setup by some benefiting entity then it's psychicly possible for the subconscious to pick this up, become aware of it and arrange survival alternative without cognitive awareness. Most folks lose the subconscious awareness of infancy when they move awareness into the prefrontal cortex.
It would even be funnier if he walked into a travel agent tomorrow and booked a flight on Malaysia Airlines. Just saying.
And if he had, he probably would have been on the M.A. plane that just diverted from the Ukraine path to the Syria path.
If I fly international, I will choose an airliner that will not fly me over a war zone. That is sick and sad.
Wow, the odds of this are pretty much astronomical. They should change the definition of "lucky" in the dictionary and replace it with this guy.
Unfortunately, plane disasters happen in 3's.
Sounds like he wants attention. I don't believe it. And nobody ever on the Titanic or Lusitania, who survived, got into another sinking ship and survived. Stupid stories for stupid people.
That is a miracle. Not your time to go.
bryan, I don't make those decisions. I'll I said was, it wasn't the cyclist's time. Learn to read.
Funny because I actually did read it. And that isn't all you said. You also said it was a miracle. I agree, the guy was incredibly lucky. But for something to be a miracle it requires some sort of suspension of the natural order, which implies some sort of force suspending it, which in turn implies that for some reason it was not suspended by that force for everyone who got on the plane, which is a pretty terrible thought.
You must have all the info (insert sarcasm). You already know about all the other billions of random people on Earth who could have been on the flight but were spared. That includes, me, you, the cyclist, those who searched expedia, Malaysian airlines, orbitz, etc., and just about everybody else alive today who did not board the flight. It is a miracle that the cyclist is alive today. All I can say is, go to hell, devil. lol
At least give him the respect he deserves and capitalize the D.
... Or he's trying to sell a story to a frenzied media who'd eat it up. Sorry, I don't believe it. Cancelled reservations or it didn't happen.
Maybe you should KLM (you're own airline), instead of flying Malaysian. And if you think it's insensitive to report your likely story, then why are you doing so on yahoo???
Flying from Kuala Lumpur to Peking with KLM is like flying from NY to Washington with Air Lingus..., and what gives you the impression Mr. de Jonge reported this story..?
He's one lucky basterd, it would be ironic if he were accidentally hit by a double dutch bus while riding his bike on the streets of Amsterdam.
almost as ironic as you choking to death on a #$%$
You got your funky bus fare HO !
Either he is extremely lucky or he is the angle of death that marked those planes.
Lucky? Or maybe he is a master terrorist?
Switch or not to switch flights..it depends. Some of USA citizens have to get a flight anyway. For me, it is not an option to stop flying, if I want to see my family in Europe I must get a flight no other options. So, fear or no fear, I will fly to see my family - my father passed way last year on my 50th BD and my mother still alive but for how long is the question. Most of the USA citizens no need to fly, they have many other options - buses and cars..........to see their parents and family members......
Yahoo develops a story od a smiling gloating man. Taunting those that were killed relatives. What a waste of humanity Yahoo is showing.
Seriously,when your number is up, God doesn't have problem making arrangements. Every person has a number.
Play the lottery dude, or go to Vegas or Monaco and win some money and donate it to the families. Do it before that horseshoe falls out of your butt.
Rather crudely put, Mr. Blaine...but you are trying.
GOD, has a different plan him and all the people that died on the planes. I love having an opinion
He says its inappropriate to talk publicly about it yet tweets about it, puts it on his website and talks to new channels about it?
He is a nice dude. I'm sure he has a good girlfriend or boyfriend or a number of them, but all with integrity.
This guy is either the luckiest person on earth or he is making the whole thing up to gain publicity and then downplay it to look good. I wish Yahoo News validated his story by doing a little research. But then again, it's "Yahoo News".
Looks like a typical dutch pervert!
I cheated death with Malaysian airlines twice too I never bought and ticket with them and I will cheat death a few more times since I will not be flying with them ever.
The odds are that now...after TWO terrible tragedies, Malaysian airlines has got to be the safest airline flying. Still, you couldn't pay me to get on one of those planes. No way Jose...
Yah whatever. When these things happen, always have people 'claiming' they were oh so close to becoming victims.
He is a walking bad luck charm right now. He must've been one hell of a good alien rabbit in a previous life.
Obviously God is trying to kill this guy. I need his itinerary before I plan my next trip
I was thinking the opposite; that God is saving him from death (at least) twice now.
I pray that the Israeli soldier returns home safely. Please Lord, Amen.
I'm getting flashbacks of Final Destination.
This stories have a sour note at the other end because when someones switches flights on a plane that crashes it means they made room for someone else to die is a win lose situation.
Cyclists are already DEAD - they just don't know it yet.
He avoided BOTH disasters, so he clearly CAUSED both disasters. Why no arrest yet?
I don't belive him. That is why he is asking for the media to ignore him. He will be embar#$%$ed when they discover that he is lying. He might have missed one flight but the two different flights with their destinations/arrivals and dates makes no sense. What a disgusting #$%$! Hey media - do your due diligance and prove what a liar he is. He deserves to be embar#$%$ed - trying to get media attention with all of the loss that surrounds these planes..........DISUGUSTING!
No one cheats death, death just decided to wait a little while.
The other day there was a fatal vehicular accident near me. I had considered going to the grocery store about that time. But I did not . It was a miracle that I was SAVED! Lol. (Another non-story)
In an era where false claims to gain notoriety are becoming the norm, be it waitresses claiming stiffed on tip or KFC was rude to a child, is it asking to much for some documentation of this? Sounds like a person seeking his 15 minutes of fame at the expense of numerous victims in two tragedies. I am not a mathematician, but would think the odds here are out of this world on the likely hood of it happening. Better odds that a select 8 hard drives at the IRS would crash together. While de Jonge said he is "happy" he decided not to take the flight at "the last moment," his story "is ultimately nothing compared to the misery so many people are [experiencing]. Attention should be paid to the victims and survivors. Wishing everyone affected by this disaster a lot of strength." NOW that he has HIS story out there.
You did not read the article very closely did you?
A little quick to judge perhaps? He put it on his online blog, he didn't exactly go around calling news agencies about it. I don't think he expected the media to hunt him down and he shied away when they did. And he was on a Malaysian cycling team! Not exactly random chance that he was a frequent customer of Malaysia Airlines.
The grim reaper is chasing him... I wouldn't leave the house!
The Grim Reaper is chasing you too, honey. Wink
First its the lady who lost family on 2 flights now its a guy who cheated death by not being on the same two flights. Im officially convinced we are being sold a bill of goods concerning this flight.
Inconceivable? I don't think that word means what you think it means.
The odds of a plane commercial airliner crashing is already small, one completely disappearing is another story...being scheduled on both, changing plans, and missing both? How is that not inconceivable to you?
Joshua, I think that perhaps you were not quite in the spirit of my statement. Google what I said. I think it will make sense then.
Your meme-ish statement I fully understood. Why don't you use a dictionary and finding out what a word means before making yourself sound stupid.
If this dude is ever flying on my flight, I take another flight!
LIARS, BOTH MALAYSIAN FLIGHT WERE FAKE, THERE WERE NO CRASHES, NO EVIDENCE, THEY NEVER EXISTED, THE PASSENGERS NEVER EXISTED, YOU ARE LIARS.
Oh man, who else flashed on Final Destination?
Not me, I have a life.
@ Harvey--"Final Destination" was the first thing I thought off.
That should have been "of"--not "off." Too bad Yahoo doesn't have an edit feature.
That's funny, Boob, seeing as you're on Yahoo posting about nothing.
This dude thinks he's superman. He needs to be committed.
Grow up. He is committed, to cycling.
If he's not saved he should realise that is @ work God and be born again, God cares and once you are gone no turning back, Hezekiah said when visited by (Isaiah) death can't celebrate you. praising Almighty God.
Just another story of a cyclist cheating. Nothing new here.
Excuse me, but flooding ALL & ONLY white countries with millions of foreign-race immigrants and telling everyone to intermarry to create a "blended humanity" (but ONLY in white countries) IS white genocide. Africa will still be full of Africans, Asia will still be full of Asians, Only White children will suffer from this insanity. Except "anti-racists" don’t call it Genocide when they chase down White children. They call it "Diversity." "Anti-racist" is a code word for anti-white. "Diversity" is a code word for white genocide.
And this has what to do with a Dutch cyclist? Find a related story and rant there.
never thought of it that way, but this is related to this story................HOW? ? ? ? ? ??
This story is part of the distraction. He didn't miss the same plane twice. The whole thing smells like #$%$. I'll bet if anyone saw the bodies they would see they were all mostly Asians.
I think putting a picture of this guy smiling based on a sad story is an inappropriate tone specially when so many people are hurting right now is like pouring salt on a deep wound.
When he switched tickets he also made room for someone else to take his seat and die.
Kind of like the people that moved out of The United States the day BEFORE President Oblamer took office!
Anybody with even an elementary education would be suspicious of this alleged coincidence. Arrest and waterboard him. Let's find out what he knows for sure -- my guess is that it will confirm his part in a larger terrorist plot.
Wow...... a little paranoia going on with you???? What sad thinking on your part.
There were probably at least 100 people who considered taking that flight and did not. But it is Yahoo, not him, that is responsible for this trivia being here.
Is anyone else having a hard time believing this?
No, but there is a place in the world for cynics....;)
The proper word is skeptical. The world can use a lot more of them.
Too bad you didn't die, you're just a fairy riding bicyclist!
impossible! because neither flights ever existed
Hes lying, just wants the attention.
Chris Maybe you should keep your comments to yourself
I was scheduled to win the lottery twice but I switched my tickets to lose. Do newspapers want to interview me?
The sheeple today are so gullible! There never was an airliner in the first place. The so laughably called "victims" never existed. This entire "incident" was purely a fairytale fabricated by the fascist GOP rethuglicans and spread by the media as an excuse to attack Russia and Putin with more sanctions. WAKE UP SHEEPLE!
Not sure if satire or really stupid. I want to go with satire, but this is the yahoo comments section...
Now that I've read his story, I'm glad he had the decency not to tell it. LOL, this idiot should be a politician.
Why would you insult this man and call him an "idiot"? He has the class to realize his story pales in contrast to the stories of the 500+ families that have suffered the loss of loved ones, and to downplay the curiosity about his unique "luck" amidst the hundreds of tragedies.
If he had that kind of class, you would have never heard his name. The only reason anyone knows his story is that he made it public knowledge. Then he gets more publicity talking about how he's not going to tell his story - LOL. It's as hypocritical as what you hear from a typical politician.
He is not lucky, he is Blessed. If I were he, I would be on my knees thanking God for sparing me and asking Him to guiide me to the purpose for which he kept me here on earth.
he's not blessed he's cheap. changed air flights to save money
Seriously, Andrew is right. So your "god" is awesome for sparing this guy, but who cares about the other 298, pffffffft, they were probably gonna die soon anyways.
I feel sorry for you Andrew S and for you Sman M and I will pray for your souls. My God and Your God, if you choose Him, makes no mistakes. And that's why the cyclist is Blessed, God chose to take those 298 souls and leave him here for a purpose. You and I will never know why but God does. Maybe God needed another 298 angels. But I know this for sure....God makes no mistakes. Talk ugly to me all your needs require....I don't care. I am secure in my life.
I don't think GOD wanted anybody to die in that crash; a bunch of fanatics did. GOD never violates our free will though I'm quite sure the souls of all those poor people are with GOD. I pity the people responsible for those murders.
@Zandra - If your God has the capability to save this one man, then surely he had the capability to save the other 298, including the BABY on that plane. Any God that kills a BABY is not worthy of my worship. If you worship him, I feel bad for you that you worship someone who kills babies.
So many ignorant God haters on here. What the #$%$ does he owe you anyways. What the #$%$ does he owe anyone?
not believing in god ignorant Pick one.
Did he survive because he didn't get on those flights or did the planes crash because he didn't get on those flights? Think about it.
" yet I am very pleased I'm unharmed." And I would just like to co-opt this tragedy to bring attention to myself, thank you very much Malaysia Airlines and to the Putin's rebels. Read all about my meaningless story on my website. I would like to say I don't want to talk about it, but I will anyway.
What are the odds that this guy would be on both flights, much less cancel them as well?
Go buy a lotto ticket while you still have great luck.
He should switch the lotto ticket with somebody else after buying one.
You can look at this three ways. 1. I want to travel with this guy, he's charmed. 2. I don't want to travel with this guy, Death will catch up to him soon. 3. I don't care whether I travel with him or not, he's got the same chances as anybody else.
Maarten. Stay away from any gas bbq's.
Doh! You beat me to it! lol. And I might do a little investigation as to perhaps WHY he changed his flights at the last minute. There's speculation Russians shot down the first Malaysia flight as well. Perhaps he knows something the rest of us don't. o_O
ah I made the same reference. I wouldn't be getting in any vehicle or elevator with that guy. Probably would take out life insurance on him too.
Am I the only one to want to see a little proof along with the statement?
Oh, but you can't cheat death! Haven't you seen the movies?
Wondering if the first Malaysian flight was also hit by a missile??
That doesn't make any sense... and in any case, if it was hit by a missile (it wasn't, but let's just say it was), it wasn't pro-Russian separatists as the first flight disappeared near Australia. So you'd have to have to big (a)ss coincidences to support that story, and NO... these two planes only share one coincidence: They are part of the same airline. The circumstances are not even close.
If it was likely it came from China
Those bike racers are always cheating.
What's that old saying? The third time is the charm?
Maarten- Do NOT watch Final Destination.
Maybe his nickname should be: "The Cat"?
this reinforces my belief that we are all predestined.
If you ever see this guy changing flights, you might follow his lead. I think if I was him, I wouldn't fly again.
My gosh, that is just weird.
Maybe he was death's initial target, and he slipped through twice, if you see this guy at the airport...RUN!
This guy needs to buy a Powerball ticket.
Thousands of people claim to have "just missed" 9//1 flights. Everyone wants attention
I do not believe in luck but feel that God is definitely looking over him because he has a greater plan for him here on Earth.
Yes, "God" has a more important plan for some bicyclist than dozens of top researchers working to cure a horrific disease... sounds pretty idiotic on the surface of it. Of course I suppose you could claim that "God" doesn't care about Aids patients... even the heterosexual ones and the children... but then you just swap an idiotic god for a vengeful and petty one...
What about all of the people who WERE on those flights? Idiot.
Ted; I also said I don't believe in luck but Blessings it was a BLESSING from God for him to repent. and know Jesus as his savour John 3:16
The idiots on this post (GNR, D, Incandescent, Cambridge) with their giant egos, thinking that since they can't fathom God's plan, he either doesn't have one or doesn't exist. They will find out there is a God, just hopefully it will not be too late for them when they do.
I wasn't on either of the flights either. Thanks God.
So GOD was not looking over the other 298 passengers? Religion is for the WEAK!
why say anything about God , when all you get is ridicule from stupid people.
Religion easily has the greatest #$%$ story ever told. Think about it, religion has actually convinced people that there's an INVISIBLE MAN...LIVING IN THE SKY...who watches everything you do, every minute of every day. And the invisible man has a list of ten special things that he does not want you to do. And if you do any of these ten things, he has a special place full of fire and smoke and burning and torture and anguish where he will send to live and suffer and burn and choke and scream and cry for ever and ever 'til the end of time...but he loves you. [George Carlin]
Okay #$%$ what about the 295 people that died on the flight? Where they part of "God's plan" too?
Jesus fn Christ....another go freak that thinks his fairytale leader saved the guy lol
... god was finishing up some yard work for me when the plane went down ... unfortunately he missed that one but thankfully he is now back to saving humanity ...
@Michael: Yeah... funny how those who base their lives on unproven and illogical suppositions and wishful thinking feel so entitled to call folks like me who attempt to live a life based upon logic, facts and observable evidence "idiots". Tell me, why did your supposed god give men a logic-enabled brain if he had no intention of them actually using them?
Who gives a #$%$ what George carlin has said
If god existed he would care what George Carlin has said. But come on, you walked into that one when dozens of top AIDS researchers died but the man upstairs said "WAIT! This man MUST ride his bike! The world depends on it!" If he falls off one day and immediately the Fourth Reich comes from the other side of the moon with their space Nazi technology, then I'll concede. Until then, please take your keyboard and set it on fire, then roll your face on it.
That's BS. God is not the Wizard of Oz in the sky. As if the other 500 didn't need to be here? God's work is already done and he has given us everything. You pray, if you know how to tap into that source, and it can protect you.
So by that rationale, God had no plans other than a horrific death for all the others?
"God is definitely looking over him because he has a greater plan for him here on Earth." Like running red lights, doing 25 mph in the middle of a pedestrian strip on the Brooklyn Bridge, riding the wrong way on one-way streets? You know - being a modern-day cyclist?
Twice he messed up Death's design. Death is not done with him.
You are an very decent guy Maarten lots of people would have used this to catch the limelight well done
WOW! Lucky so and so. Stick to your bike Maarten, but watch out for the traffic. Don't tempt fate again.
I've been struck twice by drunken drivers while cycling.
3rd times the charm my friend
hmmm from what i interperet the key to a long life would be to NOT fly Malaysia Airlines!
Could you please let us know the next time that you switch and/or cancel a flight.
I would not go on a airplane this guy is scheduled on
This guy should think about not flying, ever again.
Well all I can say is he has only got 7 lives left to go !
He's like Biff from Back to the Future, he has the book that says the outcome of every game and bets and wins. SHOW US YOUR BOOK OF DEATH FLIGHTS!
For some reason I don't believe this guy's story.
Stop flying malyasia airlines bad luck
Try to find out on what flight he books next, and then stay off of it.
But no cyclist has cheated as much as Lance Armstrong.
Haha, heck probably not even any modern athlete.
The next time he decides to fly, MH-(anynumber) should be avoided. I would.
I know which airline I'm going to avoid from now on. They're going to have to offer cheap seats or something.
And unlimited lap dances from a stripper or flight attendant with big t(i)ts.
Thats crazy, but I might just one-up this guy as I've survived 25 years of being a Detroit Lions fan.
talk about a final destination....might want to stay away from this guy...
I quit reading at "decided to stop speaking publicly about it."
my randomness....dutch cyclist? why leave the netherlands at all? Its made for cyclists.
Why ? 5 words: Sponser flashing the most money.
If I were him I would ride my bicycle home !
I should take you to the casino's with me !
I almost stopped reading at "Cyclist says he cheated." Like what else is new.
Wow! Someone who knows how to show respect for people's loss and doesn't want to profit from other's misfortune. Great guy! I Wish him well.
Big deal!!!! I've cheated death everyday for the last 56 years, 3 months, and 6 days!!!
I can't count the number of times I missed a huge wreck on the interstate by a mere minutes. One stop for a potty break between life and death for my entire family. It's happened too often for comfort really.
@lovely one jones: First of all God doesn't murder anyone. Secondly no one ever escapes the judgement of God. If God requires a soul, He will get it. God does not fail. period.
That only applies to those unfortunate to believe it.
Probably die in his next race. Final Destination mothaf..!
God has a mission for you.
I bet they’ll get him next time: that’ll shut him up!
needs to get a chartered Gulfstream jet.
That or the people trying to take him out are getting frustrated !.. ( joke peeps )
I guess he has not watched "Final Destination".....
doesn't he know how his 29 second sound bite could have made a new career for the interviewer. how inconsiderate.
I'd stop talking about it too.....it would be bad karma.
Some advice dude. . . Dont Fly MA EVER AGAIN !
Grim Reaper is tapping on his iPad..... next time....next time......
Your family tree goes straight up if you're flying on a third rate muzzie airline over a war zone.
Good for him. He's still got an appointment in Samarra. We all do.
Go with your gut feeling !
Maybe he has been the intended target..... Now all these people are dead b/c of him..... Just a conspiracy theory.... relax
Wonder if he gets the message yet?
As life would have it after avoiding these disasters he chokes on food and dies probably
Or gets run over by a jeep on a US base like Patton.
You could be the guy on a bike in that beer commercial where the grim reapers on break !
Just looked that up. Hadn't seen it before. Funny.
a cat supposibly has 9 lives but in the end the reaper still wins out
Liar. Just like the lady who said he saw the missing jet crash into the Vietnam Ocean.
Final Destination is not over yet
I am surprised that he would even consider flying Malaysia Air after the first near miss.....
If I were this guy, I would not leave the house.
If he finished 35th maybe he actually races clean
he should buy a lottery ticket, asap!
I hope this guy does us all a favor and lets us know next time he cancels the flight. So we can avoid it ourselves.
Third time's the charm. Stay away from malaysia, it's not safe.
final destination. its gonna get you.
The Lord or the Devil has saved you for something special. You decide which one.
No, neither one of them are real. Those are fairytales.
Final Destination...in the end you still lose.
This guy is full of it. He is just trying to make a name for himself.
Hmmm maybe his suitcase of explosives made the flight anyways
God still loves him to be on this earth ...
Unless there is proof, it sounds like a bullzhit story
God was watching out for you, my friend. Count your blessings and pass them along.
Don't tempt fate. Don't get on a plane, Maarten.
While both of these acts are horrifying and are tragedies I was raised that things like this come in 3's. So I would watch out if you flying this airline in the next few months because the law of 3's says there is 1 more coming.
The law of threes! Hill billy philosophy at its finest. LOL!!
Same flight should canceled immediately whenever he switches flight.
I would never fly again. EVER!
There is no escaping "Final Destination." Only a mater of time.
He sure looks happy. I'm just saying
Mr. De Jonge : Please randomly pick 6 numbers between 1 and 59 so I can win the lottery.
Nobody can cheat death. Just wasn't his time and place to die. But he will sonner or later like everyone else.
He has a very nice bike. I'm guessing it's a Tarmac
He's a lucky man....Anyone choosing to fly Malaysia Airlines should have their heads examined.
To be fair, cyclists are known for cheating.
It wasn't his time to go.
From now on, every time de Jonge cancel his tickets, the airlines need to cancel their flights too.
In the future, be sure to tweet when you cancel your flight. Thanks.
i dont think i would be flying anymore if i were him.
Wow. Like creepy, raises the hair on your arms twilight zone music wow.
....buy a lottery ticket.....and from now on....take a bus or ferry.....don't press your luck......
Because buses and ferries are SO much safer *sarcasm*
Ferries sink and buses crash in huge fiery explosions of doom.
He has better luck flying. He might not be so lucky taking any other form of transportation.
He Has a very good Gaurdian Angel taking care of him he is blessed
Where were those guardian angels for the rest on board the flight?
It was not his time and angels were helping him.
But yet for those on board the two planes it was their time? I guess the "Angels" were too busy to save the others. Sorry, but I don't buy it.
No one cheats death. It was not his time.
The "Final Destination" franchise is back in business!
keep taking Malaysian airlines you moron
You're the moron. If no one flew an international airline after a crash, there'd be virtually no airlines left in the world. And he didn't say he'd fly them again after this 2nd crash, we only know he flew them after the 1st crash. As have thousands, safely, and also after every airline's had a crash. Furthermore, this "crash" was totally out of Malaysia Airlines' hands.
"Final Destination" is written all over his face :\
Death will get him sometime soon. Could be a freak roller coaster accident or a tree going through the windshield.
not the third time... He will need to watch his back this whole year
He cheated death twice so best answer is don't fly on any airplane any more? God is saving you for something in life? Or maybe what ever airplane you want to fly and later don't fly on it? The airplane will crash? So people watch him if he was going the airplane and didn't, that airplane will crash.
I want to rub his head for good luck. NO not that head, you perverts.
maybe he should start following john madden's lead...
He should just blog his last minute changes, so we can do the same.
He should play the lottery!! Lucky SOB............
If you see this guy on your next flight, best to get off ASAP.
because he is either the luckiest person alive.....or he plants bombs on airplanes....
wonder if he's seen "Final Destination"
My first thought when I read the headline.
Don't worry folks, third time will do him in!
The chance of an airline losing one large passenger jet in a year is quite low. The chance of losing two in a year is extraordinary. And the odds of three in a year? I think Malaysian Airlines is probably the way to go now.
Like in "The World According to Garp". Malaysian Airlines is now pre-disastered.
Mostly he's tired of people asking him to pick their Powerball numbers...
investigate him, may be he put the bombs in both planes, right.
I would never want to fly on the same plane with this guy
I don't know....his track record seems pretty good to me....just make sure you cancel if he cancels.
Uh-oh. Here come the Final Destination people.
That guy just pissed Death off. You don't want to piss Death off. However, you don't want to make friends with Death either. It's a slippery slope.
Can ya actually make a living riding a bike? Pfft.
If there was ever anyone that was slated to be run over by a truck, it's this poor guy...
Looks like he is the guy the plotters are trying to kill.
Mr. de Jonge: Buy lottery tickets...
Whew, man, what are the odds of that?
“You should try not to worry too much because then you won’t get anywhere." Amen.
Note to self...pick a different airline.
I read many years ago there was one man who survived the sinking and lived many years afterwards from 1 Titanic 2 Luistania 3 Empress of Ireland
You can't cheat death. Either it wasn't his time to go, or he will die another day. Rest assured, it's on its way.
What a sad trick of fate. To avoid a certain death on one flight, only to be shot down and murdered on a second? I, with the power of baby Jésus, will pray for a speedy recovery for the late Martin de Jonge. May he be missing flights and cycling in heaven very soon.
When its not your time, its not your time. I don't believe in coincidence. He has some purpose yet to fulfill I would say.
And the other 500 people had nothing left to contribute?
"I have been lucky twice." I would not call that luck. Methinks God has some plan for Mr. deJonge to be in this world and to glorify Him in some way.
“You should try not to worry too much because then you won’t get anywhere." Those are words to live by!
Time to buy a lotto ticket
One day he will meet his fate. You just can't be that lucky.
yeah like maybe have a pedal break and fall on the middle bar and die from hitting his nuts on the bar so hard. we've all done it..............
If I were him I wouldn't fly anymore........If you saw this guy boarding a plane or buying tickets for a flight would you want your family to go on it?
Watch out. Death will not be cheated...
If i see Mr. De Jonge getting on a flight I'm getting off. It looks like he's late for an appointment with Joe Black.
Could say that cyclist was wheely lucky! :p
Just let me know if this guy is booked for one of MY flights please!
There are plenty of stories where people have escaped death by changing their ticket from a doomed passenger jet.... and there are probably an equal amount of ones where people got on that plane who were originally not scheduled to do so.
Final Destination 7... dude, how many did you convince not to get on those planes ? Any still alive ?
“You should try not to worry too much because then you won’t get anywhere." .....yeah, but just the same he should probably avoid flying on Malaysia Airlines.
Now watch him get run over on his bike. Men riding on bikes wearing those dorky outfits with their azzes in the are so effing gay lol.
You don't like cyclists? Lol. I bet there are a lot of things you don't like.
If I was this guy. I won't be travelling any time soon. To many brushes with death.
Keep smiling buddy. DEATH does NOT like being cheated. If I were your friend I would stay as far away from you as possible.
You have to pay a lot more to buy a airline reservations that can be canceled for free at the last second. If you cared about saving money you wouldn't have book this in the first place. This may have been his third or fourth contingency. I doubt he would have taken it.
I'd stop flying if I were him.
Actually, the law of averages says he is likely bullet-proof now.
The law of averages say his chances are the same as everyone else.
The law of averages says Malaysia airlines shouldn't have had another plane go down...but they did.
boy he has god and angles watching over him!
It's highly unlikely the geometrical space between two straight lines that diverge from a common point or between two planes that extend from a common line had anything to do with it.
Over/Under that he is hit by a transfer truck within the next year?
won't it be ironic when he is run over while biking !!.
AMAAAAAZING story! This guy has won the lottery -- TWICE! Life is unpredictable, isn't it?
That's nothing... I know a guy who was ON the first flight, swam to shore, then got on the other flight. Okay, not really.
My uncle (may he rest in peace) always said: "Against good luck, even Death is powerless."
Sounds like a final destination movie,lol. I would stay away from anything Malaysian if I got away with my life twice.
Sounds like he is sabotaging Malaysian airliners.....
Maybe we should take a better look at who this guy is.
Hey Marteen, may I suggest an awesome movie for you??? Any of the "Final Destination" movies. Enjoy you day...or what's left of it lol.
Because death wasn't his "FINAL DESTINATION". LOL
"Was planning to take Malaysian...' is different from he bought the ticket on flight 17 and then changed to a different airline.
I want him to post proof, otherwise hes merely an attention seeker
I'm thinking both flights got shot down only the first went into water or was totally blown into tiny pieces .
I think he has made the right choice.
Wow, he was lucky twice. Well done.
You do NOT cheat death. FINAL DESTINATION!!!!!!!!!!
Mr. de Jonge.....Quick, go out and buy a big prize lottery ticket....as you're definitely on a roll!......
Seems like a lot of cyclists are Cheaters, eh Lance!
That's not Maarten de Jonge! That's Robin Gibb!! I knew he was still here!!
CYCLIST NEED TO STAY OFF THE FREAKIN ROADS!!!!!! go to a bike trail they are ignorant pain in #$%$
3C: you are a jerk and you probably try to run cyclists down. Get your lard-butt on a ike and see the truth: that drivers routinely try to hit cyclists.
#c: why don't you go on a bike trip and see just how few bike trails there are in the world. The truth is most bike-auto accidents are caused by drivers like you who refuse to acknowledge that the cyclists have as much right to be on the road as you.
roads are for people who rush to and from work. Lazy #$%$ like musicalmom has nothing to do all day but ride a bike. stay of the road.
Lazy Elizabeth types cause accidents daily because they have to "rush" to work instead of waking up with enough time to make it at a safe pace. Get out of your bed earlier or "stay "off" the road" for the sake of the rest of us safe drivers.
Isn't the article about him not riding his bike?
I find them annoying as well.. Especially in town. I remember when I was a kid, we used to ride our bikes down the sidewalk.. If I had a bike, I would still ride it down the sidewalk
How about getting rid of cars and going back to horses, buggies, and bicycles!!
Dorks in the tight panties and dorky helmets think they own the road
forkhead repeat what you said to a cyclist when he punches your window out , then smacks you in the face ...
While there are some that have no other choice for transportation I still agree with 3c, it seems it is always the guy with the cars fault when someone on a bike gets hit and that's wrong. Anyway glad this guy missed those flights.
I frequently see bicyclists openly disregarding the rules of the road. They run red lights, occupy lanes of traffic when there's room to the side of the road. Most cyclists I see are arrogant, BMW driving, too-tight-spandex wearing, self-righteous, smug, entitled, a-wholes.
Muscial Mom, They do not have the same right to the road, DO they pay registration fees, do they have insurance for the accidents that they cause? I have seen way too many ignorant cyclist thinking they own the road and instead of staying to the side where there is plenty of room but instead ride blocking traffic.
You would not say that to my face you little chicken turd. Otherwise you'd find your face looking like that of the pedophile that got the $h1T beat out of him by an angry father. I am a semi pro cyclist I am gay and I vote REPUBLICAN Your comment is stupid, insulting and shows your overall ignorance. It is #$%$ h0les like you who scare me because you think you own the road. It is #$%$ h0les like you who hit people on bicycles for fun.......like the son of #$%$ who hit me last month and drove off because he did not want to face a DUI and the police. They got him and he is in jail with NO BOND. So you stated your ignorance and shown you IQ which I doubt is a number greater than your age, Too bad your mother was not sterilized at birth and then the world would not have to worry about A$$H0LES like you.
Or you stupid mother fu(kers can watch the road instead of doing your makeup and texting. Quit being jeleous that some people prefer to live an active lifestyle, unlike you. Cyclists have just as much right to be in the road as cars do. For the most part atleast.
"Bike on the sidewalk" Why, so we can get arrested? Biking up the sidewalk is illegal in most locations for commuting adults.
Creola...................see the irony of your foolish statement about someone's mother. What would you know about Fathering or Mothering...................It is not part of the sick lifestyle you live..........."I'm gay and I vote Republican"..........Who friggin cares?????? Get it ....Stupid
Shut Up Loser. Get a life, because jacking-off watching porn in your moms basement as the world passes you by is no way to go thru life.
Bicycles are vehicles and have as much right to be on the road as an automobile. They have to follow the rules of the road (some don't) and that includes they CAN'T ride on sidewalks or ride in crosswalks. Where would you like them to go? Think about it this way - every person on a bike is keeping one car off the roads...
Forkhead Box , you obviously did not hang out with the people I did .. Many of them were more than capable of putting their fist through a car window and did so .. Take note of the fact I do not claim to have done so myself . I had to use other means because I had brittle hands , if I hit someone or something I usually smashed my knuckles .. So I generally used my brain to stay out of trouble , But though I walked away from more than one scrap , not even once did I run . Believe me , there were times that I should have .
I got a thumbs down for stating the obvious, but that still doesn't change THE LAW. Ride on the sidewalk, get a ticket. Ride on the street, get hit by a car. Great.
Cyclists have just as much right to be on the road as cars do
Oh, yea.. A cop is going to arrest you for biking down the sidewalk? Right.... If a cop even tried to stop me for doing it, I would just ignore him and take an alley where he couldn't follow me
Cyclists should just ride on the sidewalk or on the side of the road, not in the middle of a lane like they are a car...
If cyclists have the same rights to the road as cars do, then they also have same responsibilities. That includes: 1. not impeding flow of traffic - bikes should keep up with speed of car traffic 2. obeying road rules - I frequently see bikes running red lights.
I call BS. I think he should prove it.
He doesn't have to and you can't make him.
Well then if that's the case I don't believe him. Too many pulling publicity stunts these days. If he doesn't prove that he was supposed to be on both flights, then nobody should believe him. Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. And shame on Yahoo for taking his story and running with it. They knew it was a sensational story that would gain a lot of views, they didn't care whether it's true or not.
Here is you're 6 seconds of fame.
Have you ever seen "Final Destination?"
Cyclist cheats LOL, Hey the tour de Cheat is on.
I hope he lives a long life. He sounds like hes got his head. Good for him. Im really sorry for the all the victims of the flight. RIP
He might be better off riding his bicycle to China the next time
Watch.....next week he'll be hit by a car and killed.
Sounds like "Final Destination." Don't know what his options are at this point!
He's living the not yet made movie "Final Destination 6"... Dude, death is coming for you! Ride that bike really fast... Outrun death... No... go really slow... you may fall and bump your head... I dont know... Your screwed...
If I was this guy I don't think I woud want to ever fly again. Heck, I don't like flying now. I used to enjoy it but not anymore.
lol im with you. Ive always had a fear of flying, but this just increases that fear for me.....
If I were Maarten, I'd seriously consider Quantas from now on...
some great human could be destined to come from his bloodline
Maybe he know something we don't?? Some people got a seventh sense about this sort of thing.
your angels are always with you
Maarten, How about picking another airline next time.
This man need to go to Vegas!!!
"29-year-old rider for the Terengganu team in Malaysia" --He was already the luckiest guy on earth!
Lets see your tickets. Sorry but we know many will make claims to get attention or a news story....
He should pick his flights then always change them at the last minute, just to be safe.
I want proof before I believe this guy
Maarten de Jonge, a 29-year-old, dude congratulation for your support for the victim's family who were in deep grief for that tragedy . May I suggest you never ever or don't ever take/book any flight with Malaysian Airlines again , cause you can't cheat death three times....wassalam
watch out for that drain hole on the left!
A man with a lot of class.
wow you must be living some kinda BLESSED life
Maybe the schmuck will chose another airline next time. Malaysian Airline has Muslim pilots. Nuff said.
uh, they do. Malaysian is mostly Islamic. 62%.
We all have our time, this was just not his, twice.
that would be a great story for the next "final destination movie"
he looks j.e.wish. That would make perfect sense.
whats it like to have half a brain?
I would imagine it's like you.
....That is really freaky. If I see someone switch flights, I'm following this guys trail.
More to fear from idiots taking selfies at the race.
Too bad Donald Trump wasn't on either flight.
Sounds like somebody is after you.....
The dude should try walking from now on.
Sounds like the beginning of Final Destination pt 7...
Moral of the story......don't buy a ticket for a Malaysian airlines flight
Wow! Please tell me the next flight you are going to cancel.
FINAL DESTINATION..... Someone needs to watch the films.......lol
this ogre wants little more than attention from all of this. and u dumbs are are giving it to him #bb
Hate to say this, but fate seems to be hunting the poor guy down.
Better figure out who is trying to kill him. Then we'll know who to blame.
This man has the luck of the gods... or else he used up his life supply of luck this year and is now screwed.
maybe the CIA is trying to kill this guy. they love to bring down aircraft in order kill 1 specific person "plausible deniability"
Wanna go flying with this guy?
Kinda like Tsutomu Yamaguchi who survived both the Hiroshima AND Nagasaki atomic bombs.
GOD saved his life, and he has work to do down here.
Maarten...save your money, don't ever bother playing the lottery the rest of your life. I think you used up a good portion of your good luck.
He is so going to be hit by a bus
No one saw the need to give the credit to God almighty!!! It is God alone who is able to protect. Maybe God has a purpose and plan for his life. I think he needs to thank God and find out from Him why He spared him!!!!
You know the Angel of Death ain't gonna stand for this mess. Maarten de Jonge is on borrowed time. LOL
The next flight he books he'll die. You can't cheat the Lord's plan three times
So in other words, if I know he is on a flight, and he has to bail, do as he does?!?
Why would anyone fly this airline again?
"Cyclist says he cheated death twice after switching tickets on doomed Malaysian flights." Would you like to try for THREE? Heh heh heh.
I was just thinking, 18 years ago to the date of the mh17 shoot down, I was on my honeymoon, when I remembered the media was reporting -when it happened that twa800 was shot down by a missile, I remember it like it was yesterday, so I googled it - sure enough it was 18 years to the day!! What a coincidence!!
If I were the cyclist, I'd stay at home!
I think I might consider a different airline anyway
Perhaps he should be persona non grata on Malaysian Air.
don't fly with that guy death is after him.
Sounds like he changes tickets 10 times every day.
I don't think I would ever book on that airline again!
I would never leave that place. Did you get a look at the women's field hockey team?
reminds me of the Final destination movies 0_0
Dude...it's chasing you...I hope the 3rd time is NOT a charm.
There was a guy who survived both nuclear bombs in Japan.
"knows he's lucky to be alive but has decided to stop speaking publicly about it."
That bozo from American Pie could learn a few things from this guy..classy response!
twice lucky...3rd time may not be a charm...mr dutch cyclist may want to keep his eyes on the road or a dump truck or bus may just end his riding days
He should get this news emblazoned on a t-shirt
all i can say is we will get this #$%$ eventually ___ signed...Swedish Cyclers Union...
It had nothing to do with luck. It was not his time.
"From reverence for the victims and their families, I do not think it [is] appropriate to tell my story." Nice going Yahoo News!
He may be they one person that someone is ACTUALLY trying to kill. I'd hate to be on his next flight..
"Inconceivable....You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means."...
"Stop now, I mean it!" "Anybody want a peanut?"
... who got his seat ... ?
He's like that guy from the final destination movies. In those movies, the grim reaper always gets his guy..... eventually. Mwahahahaha
pick some lotto numbers and retire from air travel.
Do you guys purposely look for things to #$%$ about? The guy lucked out. Good for him.
And tell me he has decided NOT to ever fly this airline again!!!!!
same here I decided not to go on them either
Sound to me like he knows something.
Foghorn??? hmmmm, are you onto something?
the people on flight 370 aren't dead so not sure why the writer of the article assumes this….trying to program us to believe these poor souls die in an airplane crash…….no bodies, no proof…they ain't dead yet...
Do not fly if Maarten de Jonge is on the manifest!
next week we will hear that he was killed on his bicycle in a traffic accident...dont you watch the final destination movies. Fate will get ya
If I was this guy I would take the hint and not travel by plane. Third strike he may be out.
I wasn't even scheduled to be on either flight, so I'm even luckier.
now, why won't that make the news? really
It seems fate has determined that it is not his time to go
I would say VERY lucky. And yes, try not to worry too much.
I believe in destiny. There is a reason why incomprehensible things like this happens. It just wasn`t his time. Was it instinct? Maybe............intuition? Maybe.....but unknown to him, something nagged at him to change his plans.
This is pretty insane. He is one lucky dude.
he was the target all along
he has respect for the victims and their families, so doesn't want to talk about his story. THIS, my fellow americans, is class. you certainly wouldn't see one of us doing that. an american would try to get a reality show out of it.
I agree he has class, but as for what an American would do, speak for yourself.
that's better than winning the tour de france.
Is his name Bucky? Look at those chompers.
He is in on both demise and disappearance!!!
ever seen the Final Destination movies...
wasn't there a movie about people who cheated death and then they died in the order they were supposed to anyway????
I think I would be playing the lottery with that kind of luck
this guy knows something and should be interrogated, at least water boarded.
Inconceivable? You keep on using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
If I was this guy I wouldn't take too many risks for awhile!
3 times your out, think I'd take different airline
wow, he better watch out for chords in the bathtub, falling neon signs, knives, front end of busses, glass, and barbedwire fence
This dude may not want to fly ever again.
I'd like him to pick out my next lottery ticket numbers
So, "God" chose to save a "cyclist" over medical research experts? Still want to pretend there is a "God"?
Watch. he will get hit with a car.
A boeing bomb will fall on his head.
Don't push your luck. Take another airline!! You cheated death twice. Third time may not be a charm.
It just wasn't his time that's all.
He hit the Powerball - twice.
Classy of him to stop talking about it.
luck can be important in staying alive my ex tried to get me killed twice and I was lucky to escape the hit men....
Third try's a charm We'll get you next time!!
Why did he decide to stop speaking about the "FACT" that he was scheduled to be on both of those flights but switched at the last second? Maybe everyone who was scheduled to be on those flights was "SWITCHED" at the last second???!!!!!! All for a bigger purpose????
I would be balled up in my closet with the doors closed, covered in pillows, and never come outside again.
It simply wasn't your time, my friend. God bless those who perished on that ill-fated flight.
I've heard this plot before. His time is coming!
Well then look out for that CAR.
this guy needs to buy a lottery ticket! Very lucky guy!!
I hope Maarten de Jonge makes a visit to Gaza so that his luck can rub on the children who are being slaughtered
yes hamas has blood on their hands for all the innocent blood .
Almost skipped right past this story when I saw "Cyclist cheats" at first glance.
Hope that his luck continues to hold......
Sniff sniff from Netherlands? Yep probably a liar!
#$%$ that. you would not catch me taking a commercial flight again.
How many different ways do you cook your raw meat sausage? Do you flatten it into a patty to make a breakfast sandwich out of it? Do you roll it into small balls to make sausage meatballs? Do you turn it into a sausage meat sauce? Do you freeze it on a stick dip it in batter and deep fry it?
Sounds like a "Final Destination"-type situation...
This guy had better count his blessings, and man I'd be looking over my shoulder for the Grim Reaper looking for some payback....Seriously That is one lucky dude, He must have an Angel looking out for him or something.....Freaky stuff.
Arrest that guy , he must have had prior knowledge of conspiracy , charge him with 2 counts of advanced premonition ...........
I am on it Kaptain Kaiser ......
The answer is no this is not even funny , being stupid is sometimes a better way to leave an atrocity in the past .............
Live cautiously through life and arrive safely at death
That's so weird. Is he a Muslim?
Wow, I wonder if he ever saw the movie 'Final Destination'.
Flip side of the coin a couple lost family members in both mh 17 and 370.
don't schedule another flight with them ever!!!
If I were him, I'd never fly again.
He's either lucky, a B*S* artist or currently under suspicion of both flights.
Stop posting this kind of garbage, it's incredibly self-serving and is disrespectful to grieving families
It could have been the other way de Jonge. You die, and the others survive. So tell your story, and give God the glory that your steps were ordered by Him and nobody but Him saved your life that day!
hope he's never seen any of the final destination movies, it's only a matter of time....the reaper wants him
If he has any brains he will not push his luck any further and never fly that airline again!
Wow....so you mean, the stories behind final destination are true! Dude! Death is looking for you and I don't want to be anywhere near where you are or are going to be!
I've seen this movie. It doesn't end well for him.
wow he finished 35th. I bet the team wishes he was on the flights. They could find someone to finish in the top ten
And we used to say, "The luck of the Irish."
With two tragic incidents between March and July.....guess many people will be staying away from Malaysian Airlines.
How was Malaysian Airlines at fault over a terrorist attack?
@ Pasta Mon The 1st Malaysian Airlines plane MH370 disappear somewhere in the Indian ocean. The next one MH17 was shutdown over Eastern Ukraine. in all both were TRAGlC lNCEDENTS Do you now comprehend what l meant? lf still not the case....l can translate in French.
I referred to the SECOND one, Dumb As,. And you did not answer the question.
@ Pasta Mon Such STUPID question need no answer, because you cherry-picked one part of my sentence to react up on (instead of understanding as one).
"React up on"? … Is English your native language?
@ Pasta Mon No, English is my ALIEN LANGUAGE.
Ok, I just wondered. That would explain your posts.
@ Pasta Mon, Good thing some(not all the)time, others (or i) have the common sense of asking what i (or they)mean whenever i (or they) express himself (or themselves)......instead of presuming to get what i mean like you do.
Whatta tool. He says he is pleased he is alive after the disaster....keep it to yourself jackazz.
I would like him to pick my lotto numbers...
Maarten de Jonge must be a very cheap man. Not only did he go for bargain airfare, instead of paying for everyone all he offered up was Dutch tweet.
That's a good comment but it will fly over heads.
It's smart. It's a smart line, and a smart crowd will appreciate it. And, I'm not gonna dumb it down for some bonehead mass audience!
He's Very Lucky to be Still Alive. It's Sad to Say, things of this NATURE Happen in Three. I Would Avoid this Airlines, If i Was Him. And Maybe think About Switching the Career, to be Grounded. He's Flying on a High Speed Cycle, at the Age of 29yrs Old. Most Pro-Start at 15 or 16 Years Old.
and if i were you i wouldn't capitalize every other word
I'd be riding that cycle a lot more knowing this
I can't decide if I want this guy on my next flight, or not.
Maybe the third time will be the charm
This guy shouldnt even make a paper airplane right now!
i want to call this guy up and have him pick the powerball numbers for me
he'll probably get in an auto bike crash
today is Sunday 07/20/14, is his Frankfurt 's flight able to reach the destination yet ?
Geez, if I were in his shoes that would have been my "wake up" calls, I would never take another flight anywhere!
Why would you POST THE INFO ON YOUR WEBSITE to make yourself famous.....if you don't want to talk about it?????????????? This guy is an idiot
That's a red flag in investigations,lol,
Damn. Im familiar with the term " When its not your time" , But this is creepy. Id be looking out for Death at every turn. Much respect in his handling of the situation. Hope he buys a lottery ticket, I wouldn't be surprised if.............. :-)
sounds like that movie i saw...where death is out to get you...." finial destination "
Don't the flight numbers stay the same?
i feel the same way about my last two girlfriends.
I'd like to arrange an exchange of Power Ball tickets, please.
I wouldn't stop at not talking about, I'd stop flying.
Im still on the fence, he may cash in on Enquirer....Lets see and God Bless the families and friends of the crash victims.
the irony is if he gets run over by some dumb #$%$ in his pickup truck
If I ever see this guy on my flight, IM switching flights.
Remember the "Final Destination" movies and what happens to those who cheat death?
He's cheated death twice but will he be dumb enough to try his luck a third time? I hope for his sake he isn't because death doesn't like being swindled.
I'd love to hear how many flights he takes a year and how often he changes his plans at the last moment, but even so pretty damn lucky.
i will be checking the manifest before i board a flight
Lol, he's more fortunate than those that died.
After every fatal airline crash there are dozens of people who claim to have changed from the flight that crashed.
The lucky guy will die of something very random. Death will always get us.
He'll get run over by a Unimog while cycling.
Soon the odds will catch up with him, just say'n
Science can't explain things like this.
real science can. close-minded science cannot.
Trying to discredit science is the stupidest thing ever. You do realize that science is the only reason you are able to spew this #$%$ online? Probably the only reason you're alive? I'll explain it to you. Science = facts and theories about how the world works. Facts are correct. Period. No questions asked. Theories have been backed up by numerous facts and subjected to much scrutiny.
He is not talking about it any more because it's bs. He didn't expect his story to get so much press.
He may not get that 3rd chance.
the reaper is on your tail dude keep peddling DON
MY FRIEND, YOU WERE NOT LUCKY. YOU WERE BLESSED BY MY DEAR GOD.. FOR A PURPOSE TO KNOW HIM,.., BE THANKFULL TO THE ALL MIGHTY FOR AN OTHER DAY OF LIFE..HE HAS GIVEN YOU.
Sure, some fictitious all-powerful being in the sky controls our fate and decided to kill all those people but save this guy. You're an idiot.
and some people dont believe in luck ?
Don't worry my friend. The Grim Reaper cometh soon...
yeah I almost crossed the street against a "Do Not Walk" sign....I coulda been killed!
i think i saw this in a movie....and if i'm right it's not over for him yet...
Don't brag. God is still gonna get you, sir.
What makes you think it's God?
I was him, I'd go buy a lottery ticket
umm,,NO! If his story is true,,, he just used all lucky karma.
Or he's on the greatest roll of his life.
Somebody should arrest this guy, he must know something we don't ;)
It's not about being lucky..Everything on Earth has its own time and purpose! Not yet time to die...
And the two who took his seats were the unlucky ones.. There is no winner in a tragedy like this..
Too bad. It would have been one less cyclist riding in the traffic lane.
He says, but is it true?
what ever just trying to get publicity. the next plane crash he will be there claiming he was due to be on that plane too!
This is not CALLED LUCKY, you have to THANKS GOD because HE MERCY you, is not because of you change the schedule or flight BUT BECAUSE of GOD DIRECTION you to do so, again if I were you, FIRST thing to do is THANKS GOD FOR A MILLION TIME
No god, just a very lucky young man. If there were a god he would not have let this incident happen.
Actually the Netherlands is one of the most secular countries in Europe with over half of their population not affiliated with any type of religion. Therefore, it is more likely that he won't thanking any kind of god.
Maybe it is you, cyclist Maarten de Jonge, they are trying to kill.
Why are so many dutch flying to malaysia?
..then gets pancaked by a bus carrying tourists? ...only joking! Hope not!
Bottom Line, it wasn't his time!
Whoa. It seems God told him it wasn't his time yet. Now, it's time to stop flying! Or at least no more Malaysian airlines!
So this guy gets 5 min of fame via tragedy???
Dont believe him - show us your receipt.
Maybe it's time for him to switch airlines.
He could make millions advertising for an airline that he supposedly prefers to fly with
so he has killed 2 people. Messed up. lol
somebody needs to do a background check on this guy God Bless America Trap
This guy better go to church and get saved now, today, and walk, dont drive to the nearest church. Death is after him and it will not stop, Go get saved now.
Why? Seems he has already been saved twice without any mystical intervention.
Maarten de Jonge is a class act keeping himself out of the spotlight.
He has a very good Guardian Angel
is that why he is smiling so much?
..because it is an old photo....
Everyone has a time to be born and a time to die.
Dude, if you're still in Malaysia, pay extra for KLM or swim.
Dont count your lucky stars yet there bud. That one lady who missed the air france out of Brazil died in a car wreck two weeks later
Ohhh why Ohh why was Kim K and Kanye not on that plane??
Well, aint he clever braggin about it?
instead of bragging He should be kissing the ground and thankful that is #$%$ is not burnt dust.
Maarten, You must be psychic !!!!!!!!!!! I am glad you made the changes in your reservations.......God was sitting on your shoulder........
If u want to not tell your story. Then why am I reading about it.Just another dum #$%$ wanting attention.
Should keep his mouth shut..... bound to be an investigation.
I dnt believe him,that a lie.
You have to be THAT stupid to be THAT lucky.
...and to give me thumbs down.
Will he tavel by plane again ?
Fools... you don't even know if this guy is telling the truth.
We didn't say he was or wasn't.
You're an idiot Don't rub it in that you scape death twice There's a lot of families grieving
We will get him with the third flight MH666- MALAYSIAN AIRLINES
Some can view this man as a killer since when he gave up his seat, someone else died in his place. Burn in hell dear cyclist... burn in hell
Bad humor Frank, or you are insane.. which is it?
I can see maybe 1 canceled flight but not 2 that went down , this guy will do anything to get in the news . hope your front tire on your bicycle comes off while going down a mountain on a curve with no guard rail you idiot
His angel (s) is/are looking after him...... lucky man.
not his time.he must be a very decent person
Yeah..... no. I have no reason to think he's not, but this series of lucky breaks doesn't prove it. Hitler survived a couple close calls too
Anyone who dresses up to ride a bike, is a sissy loser.
We don't talk in this manner in Europe. Please stay in America and don't ever foul up Europe with your barbarian culture.
Europe the World's toilet .No worries I will stay away.
Weight weenie seeks fame......oh, oh! Did I tell you about that time I almost.....
Maybe the reason he wants to stop talking about it is that he is going to be shown to be lying.
If it's his time and he cheated death twice, he will be taken eventually......
I bet this guy believes in God. It's not luck that he didn't take those flights. Perhaps he listens to his inner self when making decisions.
Come on. Show us the tickets......
NSA is probably already looking into him for any connections with terrorist groups
He's Obama's friend so before the flights he got a "mysterious call" from Washington telling him not to get on the airplane.
It sounds that you really are a monkey. A lot of Americans are like you. Show your real name and picture, don't be a coward.
Like they say.....third time is the charm.
Stick to KLM. You only have so many chances.
Can someone please tell me what time Full House comes on?
His GM-Obama vehicle is bound to kill him.
I'm thinking a nice boat trip would be in order.
I do NOT believe in such a coincidence,......
So, you deny the truth? Too bad for you.
If i'm scheduled on a flight with him, I will be checking in with him at the last minute to see if he canceled.
Maybe the third time isn't the charm
@Mr. Obvious .. YES U R!! Thanks for the heads up Bonehead. You really should work on your self-esteem. It kinda looks like your ZERO vote total
Boo! You Fu-ing with fate and sooner or later its going to get you! They say, "the third time is the charm."
2' down. 7 more to go. Cat life talk.
Kill a few Muslims to thank Jesus.
Lets hope that the 3rd time is "not" the charm.
you better come up with cure for aids
I am calling BullS............. Prove it! Easy to say, but if you can't prove keep your mouth shut and don't talk about it................. Folks, this never happened! When the press FINALLY looks into it, they will see it is a sham. 'dude, you had your 15 minutes, go away. And hope no one looks into your claim!
You know what they say...."the 3rd time is the charm." Now take another Malaysian Air flight, #$%$ Dimrod!
Obama said it wasn't his time, Praise Obama the Messiah
Remind me not to be on any of his future flights that he makes any changes to. Thanks!
u cheated death but ur final destination is written! death follows you.. u are the reason those planes crashed down lol.. first time it can be coincidence but second time on a same airplane company.. wooooo.. its not about destiny.. its about demons, they are playful creatures and now u post this theyll make people be aware that theyre all around us.. theyll make an example of u.. buwahahahahaha!
The Final Destination film franchise sucks.
the fker should buy a lotto ticket
If this is true...............dude that's 2 strikes, better lay low
Hope a truck wipes that smug smile off his face.
Next time, fly a safe airline, Aerofolt.
I hope he gets hit by a truck.
With a dorky gap-toothed smile like that, it’s quite a stretch calling him lucky.
I hope he is not making this story up......If it is true, this is quite an amazing and remarkable story!
You can't cheat death for long . The movie "Final Destination" comes to mind. It's a road that all of us have to take sooner or later. That's why you must make sure your life is right with God.
unfortunately, it's everyone trying to make right with their gods that has this world so troubled. Can't everybody just leave everyone one else alone?
I love how some or most of you think he's 'lucky' or he has "guardian angels'. This guy is the DEVIL and has caused these tragedies. Should be investigated by the Vatican.
this is no big deal. i cancel flights all the time.
death does not like to be cheated..
He is in a scary place. The grim reaper is stalking him. 3 strikes and you are out buddy. Stay off your bike, and stay home with the shades down.
@ Mr. Erasmus--Good points, and I'll add just one more thing. He should avoid watching any of the "Final Destination" movies. They would really freak him out.
I don't believe I'd told that., What was his reason, not to mention all the people who'll ask the same question., He must have known something, or he's physic. I believe the former.
Not this man's time to go........
Vote Hillary Roddamn Clinton for QUEEN OF HELL...
Dont tempt fate...what is that saying bout third time far as THIS IS NOT a 'charm'...
Keep tryin goofterd.. you'll get it right ,,, right in the #$%$
This might be a cover up, he might have had something to do with both planes and there demise
This coming from a guy who has yet to master the proper use of "they're," "their" and "there," apparently.
Would laugh my head off if he fell off a cliff on his bike the next day and died.
he is a suspect not a hero..
Well ones with 2 nuts are sissies, ones with 1 nut arent sissies. Ive paintballed and sprayed #$%$ at them weird sissies.
clearly shows when it's not your time, it's just not your time.!!!
Keep an eye on the next flight he is on............his time might be up
I think it is an omen this guy shouldn't fly!!!!
All I can say is goodness of the LORD...someone must have been praying for you...dats the truth He should praise God
And the victims families should do what? Why is he so special?
Is that the "new news"? "I cheated death and now I'm special"? I know very few people who haven't cheated death one way or another.
Of course the cyclist cheated death. Cyclists are cheating all the time.
Question,, I you were supposed to be on a flight and changed your plans and THAT flight disappeared,,WHY would you tempt fate by planning to fly on another flight with the same carrier? hasn't this guy ever watch Final Destination ?
and he gets killed by a car while cycling next week....... Final Fantasy always gets you in the end!
he better look both ways next time you cross the street!!!!!!!!!!!
DUDE they are aiming at YOU...You could have saved 600 people, But NOOOOO I like to ride my Bicycle ! not fair. just turn yourself in to Hamas and stop the cra cra ya'll
Maarten, this is a good thing you are doing respecting the families and those who were killed, but at the same time the world should know your fortune and how God knows when to call a person, maybe later you should share your story and let everyone know how fortunate you were but remember they say that things run in threes? best of luck to you
Pretty sure this guy is going to get hit by a bus...
I think I'm gonna cancel my flights and just ride the submarine instead. 8-P
it's not your time...God has a plan ahead of you...live life to the fullest in a good way..
while i respect your comment and your beliefs.. i'm just tempted to ask you this.. yes God has plans for him (like you said).. but what about those who met their unfortunate end on the plane? did God not have plans for them? or were they planned to be dead? a large number of people in this flight were volunteers/philanthropist/scientist for fighting aids, and the previous MH incident also contains a large group of another international charity organization.. do please enlighten me
the rebels that shot the plane.. they are still alive, why didnt the missile just blow up in their face and leave the innocent commercial plane alone.. result: the missile didnt blow up on their faces (the rebels).. so is it safe to assume that God also have plans ahead of them? please dont give me that "they are allowed to live to atone for their sins" BS
@Jan try reading the bible (or most holy books) and see that even the lowest criminal are given the chance to turn a page and be a better person. please do not question people with beliefs because as far as I know you already know the answer yourself. You can only find the true answer within and that's the beauty of it!
@MadSkillz you did not answer my question but instead pushed me to a 3rd party source... as i said i respect the comment and beliefs... but i am just asking a question? is it bad to question the beliefs? if you believe it then you should have an answer to it
well you already did that by switching the tickets and off the plane. Now you gotta out when and how it'll come back at you. Play your hunch, Jonge. If you think you can get away from it? But beware the risk of cheating the plan, disrespecting the design... could initiate a horrifying fury that would terrorize even more - and you don't even want to #$%$ with that!
dude, you don't make any sense
I escaped it also... Dumbest article ever... Anyone not on board when the tragedy occurs, escapes!
That is because you are smart enough not to board a Malaysian Airline flight. Their airplanes are poorly maintained and their cabin crew are rude and racial.
even the best airline will surely crash after being hit by a missile.pls stop this kind of nonsense.
Poorly maintained?? Missile hit the Plane . . its not for maintenance about idiot ??? hahahahahah where is your brain??
nasa pwet ung utak nya hahaha
gusto lang nay mag crash ang plane dahil may masamang karanasan na sa plane ng malaysiab air... hahahahaha
wow!you escaped death not only once but twice...not yet your time
pg di mo p time tlaga..life so mysterious..kka sad nman mg recall ng friend n namalam na..bils ng buhay
for me,its better to live life one step at a time..plan ng plan un pla d k aabot dun..
un mga masakit dun Jabe lahat ng plan hindi natapos..gusto ko natural death lang un tipong hihiga ka lang tapos tutulog ka then dka na nagising..knock on wood ha...
its far yet bcoz we are created to last till 60's-70's except may intervening factor like accident or illness...hope i meet you when were old and reminisce this up..what do you think..hahaaaaa
who knows, baka mag kita kayo.... no one knows what the future brings
to trust stranger in this case is nearly impossible i think..
yeah see u in heaven or on the other side of this universe Jabe hehehe... Hi Kuya B ..:))
heaven agad?..di nga nten alam merun b tlaga nun..
meron Jabe..lumabas ka ng building nyo then tumingala ka..andun un heaven hehehe
lumabas ako at nakita clouds at ako ay napamangha...ito b un?
parang ganyan sa avatar ko..nakatingin sa heaven hehe
o nga very prospective..layu ng tingin pero di nman alam anu un dako p roon..hahaa
malayo ang tingin...un pala sya ay duling hahaha..
next time, better check the cancelled flight of this guy... ahihihi
Bright Idea for passengers . To all airlines, next time dont book this guy ahahahah
and i want to keep in touch with this guy... ahihihi
Nonsense, pa tsupa ka sakin mas swertehen kang unggoy ka.BWHAHAHHAHA!!!
wolf hayaan mo na yang isang hampas lupang kontrabida na yan, hayaan mo na huwag kang mag makaawa sa kanila na i profile pic ang kaibigan mo, wala namn mangyayari jan squatter ang mga yan , gagamitin pa rin nila ang avatar ng kaibigan mo kaya huwag ka nlng magpakita sa yahoo para hindi ka maapektuhan....
musta na wolbading??? tinitira ko kapatid mo!! HAHAHA...
Pareng wolf wag mong pansinin sila EVOBOding, tarantado yang mga yan kaya kinoya ko accout nila!! bwahahahaha hayaan mong ipost nila yang litrato mo, napakaSAGWA naman kasi... Katulad ng sabi ko dati,"OO NAKAKASUKA, KASUKLAMSUKLAM, KAHINDIKHINDIK!", hayaan mo na sila pre!!
bwahahaha!! sige PEKE lang mga BOBOng makaganti kayo kahit papano!! bwahhaha
lucio paano naman gaganti yung taong lagi kang binabasag?
Ano kontra hinahamon ko kayo ng syota mong badaf na si EVOBOding na palitan yang mga avatar nyo tapos Englishan tayo! bwahahahahaha
you must learn that from Loyd. you are really good in Ducking. lol
my brotherly advise:....dont take plane fo malaysia, better to travel via sea rather than via air... heed the warning, its a preminition.
Stay on your bike... You'll live longer.
.that's true. you still have the chance to win the race. You're lucky Man...
my friend I think your not lucky but God has plan to your life. Find it and search it. You have a purpose on Earth.
You Lucky! its not yet your time dutchman.
SUmmary: NEVER be with this guy on a plane... Death is upon him.
not keen to reading "fate of a cyclist sealed on third after cheating death twice avoiding m'sia airlines"
Oh, sinu pa mag sasabi na naka takas sa trahedya nitong issue na to?
Just his good luck, maybe God has some plan for him to do on earth.
I think I'd just avoid Maylay Air altogether...
you wont need any proof in the end.
hey it wasnt his day to die ! we are all to die on a certain day and time its called fate . so you religious fanatics get over it and move on . . no dont want to hear about your so called christ or any other religious proficies !
You don't "cheat" death. It just wasn't your time. I do think, however, that you can tempt fate with too many grandiose statements like "cheating death."
kaya pala d2 ka pa.... boom!
@Sexy Vanessa, gusto mu bang pasukin q yang kepyas mu? hahaha
hnd tumatalab sa muka ni vanessa yung anumang gamit pang digma kaya buhay ka pa..
You see, Vizzini? -That- is how you properly use "Inconceivable."
Why are so many people going to Malaysia? LOL… I don't get it.
Too dumb a comment for a real reply!
This guy is CIA all day.
Yes, that would be so sneaky of them, to make sure to get interviewed about something most of the world would never know about.
well he works in Malaysia, so the chances are high that he will book flights from the same airline. Malaysia airlines just increased their chances of being blown from the skies when they decided to fly over a war torn region. now for mh370 nobody knows, maybe from time to time a modern airplane will just drop from the sky
Does this guy de Jonge have proof that he was really scheduled to fly aboard those ill fated flights?.
If he's one of those professional bike dopers, he's used to cheating....
kahit naman yata sino pwedeng magclaim na kasama dapat sya dun sa mga flights na yon. wala namang nagbabawal.
sobra kasi siya MAARTEn kaya hindi sya nakasakay dun! nyahahahaha