Totally wrong of Australia's searching zone! An obvious fact is -- Reunion positions with latitude ~21 S north to the searching area (south to Perth's latitude ~23 S). But the ocean current flows from north to Reunion Island and the current of search area flows to east, to Pacific Ocean!
The cause of this plane's crash is that the flaperon fell off. The Captain was aiming for Perth airport.
When MH370 will be located, the first thing people will do is wondering why they didn't look there before, because it will be in a different place from what they thought.
There is only one semblance of a 'conspiracy" theory that I will entertain here. And that is that Malaysia given a choice, prefers this one never solved. The element of doubt works in their favor. The likely truth will blow back on them.
My speculation is when the first officer was out of the cockpit the captain put on his oxygen mask then disarmed the passenger drop down masks. You usually have a choice of off, auto and deploy He then dialed the landing altitude up which brings the cabin altitude up smoothly. Don't know how high it goes in that plane. You would never notice in the back. At some point he completely dumped cabin pressure and climbed as high as he could. He then was on his own for a long flight to ditch it where it would never be found or hard to find. Or it could have been the first officer but don't think he would have the experience since he was new. This is just my guess what happened and could be wrong.
I suspect that something like that happened. It might turn out more conspiratorial than that, but I very much doubt it.
Ok, but why the pilot? There was absolutely zero evidence that he was troubled by anything or that he had any kind of agenda. And, if you do want to crash the plane, you probably aren't going to fly it for many hours before you decide you want to crash it. That makes no sense.
I firmly believe that is what happened. Reports are that the pilot was going through a divorce/separation, and also he had on that very day attended a courtroom session where his hero was sentenced to 5 years for sodomy. He had the right combination of motive and mental instability. How the authorities simply dismissed pilot suicide is just an indictment of how F'ed up the Malaysian Government is. Only piece of loose end for me is how the communications (tracking) was turned off, which from the accounts, had to be done by throwing a circuit breaker in the belly of the plane. Maybe there is a way to do it from the cockpit, or the pilot just went down there and turned it off before depressurizing the plane. Eliminate the impossible, and whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. Sherlock Holmes.
Fumbler, you ask, "Ok, but why the pilot?" That question must be insistently asked of the Malaysian authorities. And asked again.
Furthermore, pilots that are suicidal typically want the world to know what they've done. Why would this guy go to great lengths to completely hide what his intentions were?
Fumbler, that suicides typically leave a suicide note is exactly why the Malaysian authorities - who maintain that as a Muslim, a Malay citizen, in good standing with his company and home could not possibly commit suicide - must be asked again and again, exactly what they know. We do know that the pilot made two phone calls before the flight. We do know the pilot divorced shortly before the flight. We do know that staff were grossly dissatisfied with Malaysian Airlines at the time. Now, in light of all this why do you, Fumbler, assume he hid his intentions? Again, and again, ask the Malaysian authorities what they know, and what are the results of the very simply questions such as I have posed.
Where do people get this inane idea that there are rules that one must conform to, to commit suicide? People make their own minds up how they a re going to do it, and don;t consult a rule book before they do. That's just laughable. It was 90 seconds from the end of the last transmission made from MH370 to ATC that the first transponder was shut down, and that last transmission was made by the captain.
The vast majority of suicides do NOT leave a note.
No one but you infers "this inane idea that there are rules that one must conform to, to commit suicide"; no one but you made such ridiculous inference. On average 1 of every 6 suicides does leave a message, but that may rise depending on ethnicity, culture, and reasons. If you, Futtheshuckup, took the time to look at what the pilot did immediately before leaving (divorced his wife some short while before, made two phone calls from the tarmac before taking off) and the circumstances of the company that employed him (the MAS union was grossly dissatisfied with management),any reasonable investigation would be remiss not to assume that, yes, it is possible that the pilot did leave intentional evidence, and the Malaysian government - which knew the plane had gone off course and towards the Indian Ocean but for weeks denied that knowledge - should be pressed hard to reveal what it knows.
Yeah that's false. Maybe you should brush up on your reading comprehension and try reading them again. Fumbler 17 hours ago And, if you do want to crash the plane, you probably aren't going to fly it for many hours before you decide you want to crash it. That makes no sense. Fumbler 16 hours ago Furthermore, pilots that are suicidal typically want the world to know what they've done. Why would this guy go to great lengths to completely hide what his intentions were? Two posts that are saying that if someone is suicidal and wants to crash the plane they would not have done it the way they would have if they crashed this plane. I see this all the time. THERE ARE NO RULES BY WHICH PEOPLE COMMIT SUICIDE. THEY DON'T CONSULT A HOW-TO-DO-IT BOOK!!! That this person says "it makes no sense" is saying that when people commit suicide they do it by conforming to some principle of "sense." As I said, the vast majority don't leave notes. 5 out of 6 is the vast majority, you imbecile
No one but you is insisting there are rules to suicide. There are general states of mind, traits, and causes, but you are the only one insisting that we think there is some how-to-do-it book. You are arguing a moot point out of context, fool, and again fail to read what has been written by those here looking to the pilot as the main culprit, and if the probability of the pilot is true then the Malaysian authorities - which have dodged every attempt at looking into the pilot's state of mind before the incident, and trot out such nonsense as the pilot's integrity as a citizen and Muslim - should be questioned. Somehow you fail to appreciate this very simple reasoning but insist we are imbeciles for suggesting so.
WRONG, imbecile. I am insisting there are no rules for committing suicide. It's those who think that the pilot would not have committed suicide by flying to antarctica who think there are rules to committing suicide. The pilot certainly could have wanted to commit suicide by flying to antartica; THERE IS NO RULE THAT SAYS THEY CAN'T DO IT THAT WAY!! That's right, those who insist there are rules to committing suicide think there is some kind of how-to-do-t book, and THERE IS NO SUCH BOOK. EVERYONE DOES IT THEY WAY THEY CHOOSE WITHOUT REFERENCE TO ANY RULE BOOK. Did I not say that it was 90 seconds between the end of the last transmission that was MADE BY THE PILOT until the first transponder was turned off? OF COURSE THE PILOT DID IT. THERE WAS NO TIme FOR ANYONE ELSE TO DO IT!!! DUH!
You are stubbornly stupid to what people have written, make wild inferences, then go on to rag about how dumb others are, and I write this without the hysteria of exclamation points and capital letters; ya' think you might learn something from this? Naw. Here, in simple colloquial American English: 1) No one has insisted there are rules for committing suicide even as you rage on. It is only you who made such a wild inference (look up the word, "inference"; I don't know a simpler word to enable your understanding). So stop insisting on this wild assumption. 2) Understanding the circumstances at the time, and the pilot's probable actions, investigators would be negligent not to return to Malaysian authorities and press them to reveal all they know.
WRONG, YOU MORON!!! I JUST SHOWED YOU TWO COMMENTS WHERE SOMEONE SAID NO ONE WOULD HAVE COMMITTED SUICIDE IN THIS AIRCRAFT!! THAT WAS NOT ME
READ THEM AGAIN IDIOT!! Fumbler 17 hours ago And, if you do want to crash the plane, you probably aren't going to fly it for many hours before you decide you want to crash it. That makes no sense. Fumbler 16 hours ago Furthermore, pilots that are suicidal typically want the world to know what they've done. Why would this guy go to great lengths to completely hide what his intentions were?
IS THAT ME SAYING SOMEONE WOULDN'T HAVE COMMITTED SUICIDE WITH THIS AIRCRAFT, DOOFUS??? NO!!! IT'S SOMEONE NAMED "Fumbler" SAYING THAT!!! Geez, you are really, really stupid.
Let me break it down for you, goober. This is what I said: "Where do people get this inane idea that there are rules that one must conform to, to commit suicide? People make their own minds up how they a re going to do it, and don;t consult a rule book before they do." Now, if you were able to comprehend English, you would see from the first sentence that I think rules to committing suicide is AN INANE IDEA. And if you don't know what inane means, LOOK IT UP!! I then said this: "People .... don't consult a rule book before they do" Now, you brainless idiot. IS THAT CLEAR???
What a laugh. Australia has experts in this field, give us all a break. Australia as we all know, were the ones who continuously were giving excuses about the search area and difficulties they were experiencing in the search for the MH-370 airliner. They were nowhere close to where the debris is all of a sudden appearing. They had no clue about the so called drift currents in that direction. Now they are saying that their drift modelling showed debris could have been carried by wind and currents to Reunion, some 4,000 kilometers (2,500 miles) from the region where MH-370 was thought to have gone down. Australia couldn't locate an aboriginal in the dark even if he was wearing florescent paint.
Hundreds of millions of dollars spent on the search. And what will they accomplish when found? Mother nature may leave some scattered bones. And a slight chance of knowing what happened. The money spent on this search would be better spent updating aircraft tracking devices.
We at the FRI are confident that are speculation of a cabin fire breaking out in the cockpit will prove to be the cause of the demise of flight MH-370. With rapid acceleration everyone would have been overcome. The flight continued on until out of fuel. Much of this will fall squarely in the lap of Boeing Corp. The aircraft series had had issues with cockpit frontal cabin fires. Fortunately the others occurred while planes were on the ground. Did Boeing hide facts or make attempts to correct the issues will be at the forefront of investigations.
Idiot, there was no Mayday or anything like that. Go back play with your toys and color books.
This broken record has been playing since the plane disappeared from Malaysia's radar. Bragging about an innovative doppler high tech procedure, someone wearing a dunce hat stepped forward and announced that the plane was headed for the South Indian Ocean. Australia immediately grabbed the opportunity to be in the limelight of publicity by deploying search ships and planes in order to help in the search. And now they're about to start the same thing all over again because they cannot admit their own mistake.
I couldn't agree more. In the early days of this. The radar info was called into question. If u follow the witness the real plane flight was about 1000 miles north west of where they claim it is. So many excuse to back up their claims. They find no debrie they claim it went in whole, leaving no debrie. Then they claim it landed on the ocean, and today they say they got their too late. Changed their story 3 times. Ocean graphers say their is no way that flapperon could have drifted to reuion island. It would have drifted to Austrilia. I remember not long after the Asuie officals come out and say look at the beaches because they were confident it should be their.
I disagree with your view of Australia on this. They have led the effort as well as spent the most funds in the effort for recovery. The U.S. has not been all that interested and an argument can be made that Boeing was hoping they would never find the plane: the reason is that if the cause of the crash was a cabin fire that suffocated everyone then it all falls squarely in the lap of Boeing. There has been some history with electrically caused cabin fires starting in the cockpits of these planes. Fortunately the planes have all been on the ground when the fires occurred. No one is stealing limelight. France wants a clean investigation and Australia gives a damn about the passengers and their families. It's that simple. Americans sometimes are challenged to accept that their are actually countries who care about people still.
Not a peep from Boeing, who built the damn plane. Instead, we have pronouncements from the French and the Malaysians, dumb and dumber. They still can't get their act together.
THEATER, these "news" will be later dismissed by this simulated reality: Wing debris Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 What was originally scripted for May 2, 2014 and illuminati were forced to postpone until now: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a 777: The Obamessiah of the Obamanation of Desolation resurrects both "dead Osama" and the "missing Boeing 777". Most probably at Easter at the Holy Land, with his second and very last "terror attack using an airliner". Yet another parallelism, this time the illuminati anti-Bible about the resurrection of Christ. end-times-prophet.blog+spot.--- /2014/03
Go to the 7th arc. All will be revealed at the 7th arc! LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
They shouldn't say they are confident!!!
I still think that they're looking in the wrong part of the Indian Ocean, perhaps, they should concentrate in the area where the piece of wreckage was found??? Duh????
really? You have not been listening for last 16 months, and again last week or so, that, um, wreckage tends to float long distances from point of origin? Duhhh!!?
When the truth comes out it will be clear that there is only a single concept responsible for this whole ordeal. That concept is called: Islam.
I suggest that the search team will conduct hydrographic survey/sounding within 1,000 kilometer-radius from Reunion Island as center to find the remaining wreckage. Just a little patience, guys...
these aussies sound optimistic for some goobers that can't find a pair of testicles in a speedo
no metal materials can floating and goes where the sea flow blow, MH370 cannot be found
Australian authorities said Thursday they were confident the search for MH370 was being carried out in the right area and the plane would be found -- Who writes this #$%$?? This completely VERBALED what was actually said, by each party actually quoted. Only an IDIOT would make the statement 'we are confidant it will be found"...and that was NEVER SAID.
The plane is in the northern part of the indian ocean not the south pole !!!
News flash; If you look in the RIGHT area for something long enough, you'll find it!
If they found it then what will happen next? raise the dead? they may find the aircraft but I doubt finding the people bodies in one piece.
I know that drift due to currents and drift due to wind can be at odds. Like deciding which side of a boat to fish off of. "Wind in your face, you're in the right place"..... Sooo...the airplane could still be...anywhere....
Add "We (any government) are confident ______" to the list of BS lines: "The check is in the mail" "It's only a cold sore" "It will only hurt for a little while"
"more or less where we thought"…yeah right mate. Good on ya.
Well, at least they got that expression of confidence down....hopefully, a few more recognizable aluminum airplane pieces can be found....then put the case to rest....as none of the powers that be are ever going to admit what has been staring them in the face since the beginning......a crazy eyed psychopath, long calculated how to kill everyone on board....except himself....then head the plane directly for a military installation.....in full 911 mode ( transponder off, radio off, and flying under radar).....not knowing that you can not fly under the radar of developed Nations....that blind spot has long been closed......sometimes genius is stupid!
Speaking of more debris pieces....did you see the picture of the frame from a planes window/porthole that washed up on the beach as well?
""(The La Reunion find) is consistent with all the work we've done so we're confident that we're looking in the right area"........if it matches up with all known before, why hasn't the plane been found then?
You missed the part where the search area is 120,000 square kilometres, huh? Why don't you google that... Let us all know to what geographic size country that compares.
ZZzz -- so instead of just pointing that out you decided to get nasty. Plane went down in March 2014.
They said that the Indian ocean is 7 times the sight of America. People this ain't some beach front were talking about. They is a lot of underwater mountains and terrains in that part of the ocean
I ment 7 times the size of America
If their models showed that debris may show up on the island then why didn't the info the local To be on the look out for plane parts? Also have they checked the other nearby islands?
Please, no sane logic on this sight allowed.
Debris "may" show up on this island, along with hundreds of other islands and hundreds of thousands of miles of shoreline. Plus the millions of square miles of open ocean to look in as well. So anybody within 4000 miles of the suspected "crash site" should be looking on the beach for possible debris. Does that narrow it down for you?
Luggage is lighter and should drift to shore , easier then airplane parts would. Unless it is close to shore because the airplane was trying to land there.
Oh pAh-leaseeeeeeeeee Please allow yourself to pull your next comment out of somewhere other than your #$%$ Maybe this will help: The standard definition of floating was first recorded by Archimedes: An object in a fluid, experiences an upward force equal to the weight of the fluid displaced by the object. So if a boat weighs 1,000 lbs, it will sink into the water until it has displaced 1,000 lbs of water. Provided that the boat displaces 1,000 lbs of water before the whole thing is submerged, the boat floats.
"The La Reunion find is consistent with all the work we've done so we're confident that we're looking in the right area ..." Didn't their drift analysis say it would be on the west coast of Sumatra?
time is a human creation the flaperon may always have been there ......;)
blogs are a human creation, the "Read Between the Lines" guy should never have been there
The plane is above the islands heading north look at a current chart for the indian ocean the Australians are totally wrong they don't even know where the real currents are !!!
ISIS has sleepers employed as pilots
Does there become a time when its time to stop looking? Look how many years went by before the Titanic was found. And they new the area in that case as well. The searchers want to keep going. Has to be a good gravy train, and some.
took 2 years to find air france. This could take 3-5 years to find.
Should Have Been Found Long Ago Sept for Idiots and specultion
Right area because there is more light there...
The US apparently is compromised by HEBREW foreign services agents....then you have to ask why........controversy divides control.....the Hebrews must then are interested in control of USA......so they must have a manipulative capability so it appears that USA under HEBREW MANIPULATION really want to find this craft.....could Hebrews be involved........trying to demote a Boeing to racketeer Airbus contracts........it sure seems the shortsellers in911 insured the buildings heavily but also was airline stock changed aswell indicative of SHORTSELLER mafia and insurance fraud payoffs..........and costing USA taxpayers more money.....