As always..... looking for a scapegoat! The then Acting Transport Minister should be held responsible! He was shown by CNN trying to be a hero to glorify himself by going on board RMAF aircraft searching in the South China Sea which we now know was a Wild Goose Chase! He had failed miserably in taking no action to intercept MH 370 when it was detected by RMAF radar. The high handedness in the news conferences held and holding back of info till today looks like some cover up. Looks like this Transport Minister is no better. Something is rotten in Malaysia!
Yes Hans and something was rotten in the cockpit when they switched off the transponder. This was a planned move!
Well if there was a cover up then why are you two genius individuals reading about new info now? Anybody with a half ...no a quarter of a brain knows that during an investigation not all information is released to the public. It benefits the investigation by with holding information. You have no idea how many stupid people mention things about a crime scene that was not released to the public , things that only the investigators and the killer would know. You people aren't important enough to be given every piece of info in any investigation. There is no cover up cuz investigators aren't obligated to tell Joe Public anything. They always with hold info...ALWAYS. It also prevents copycats etc., there's lots of reasons to not release all info and it ain't cuz of any kind of stupid conspiracy.
this is not "any kind of stupid conspiracy"... While the Americans are withdrawing from Afghanistan, one of their command and control system (used for controlling the pilotless drones) was hijacked by the Talibans when the American transport convoy was moving down from one of the hill top bases. The Talibans ambushed the convoy and killed 2 American Seal personnel, seized the equipment/weapons, including the command and control system which weighed about 20 tons and packed into 6 crates. This happened about a month ago in Feb 2014. What the Talibans want is money. They want to sell the system to the Russians or the Chinese. The Russians are too busy in Ukraine. The Chinese are hungry for the system's technology. Just imagine if the Chinese master the technology behind the command and control system, all the American drones will become useless. So the Chinese sent 8 top defense scientists to check the system and agreed to pay millions for it. Sometime in early Mar 2014, the 8 scientists and the 6 crates made their way to Malaysia, thinking that it was the best covert way to avoid detection. The cargo was then kept in the Embassy under diplomatic protection. Meanwhile the Americans have engaged the assistance of Israeli intelligence, and together they are determined to intercept and recapture the cargo. The Chinese calculated that it will be safe to transport it via civilian aircraft so as to avoid suspicion. After all, the direct flight from KL to Beijing takes only 4 and half hours, and the American will not hijack or harm the civilians. So MH370 is the perfect carrier. There are 5 Americans and 2 Israeli agents on board who are familiar with Boeing operation. The 2 "Iranians" with stolen passports are the two Israeli agents. When MH370 is about to leave the Malaysian air space and reporting to Vietnamese air control, one American AWAC jammed their signal, disabled the pilot control system and switched over to remote control mode. That was when the plane suddenly lost altitude momentarily. How the AWAC can do it ? Remember 911 incident ? After the 911 incident, all Boeing aircraft (and possibly all Airbus) are installed with remote control system to counter terrorist hijacking. Since then all the Boeing could be remote controlled by ground control tower. The same remote control system used to control the pilotless spy aircraft and drones. The American/Israeli agents soon took over the plane, switched off the transponder and other communication system, changed course and flew westwards. They dare not fly east to Philippines or Guam because the whole South China Sea air space was covered by Chinese surveillance radar and satellite. The Malaysian, Thai and Indian military radars actually detected the unidentified aircraft but as usual, did not react professionally. The plane flew over North Sumatra, Anambas, South India and then landed at Maldives (some villagers saw the aircraft landing), refueled and continued its flight to Garcia Diego, the American Air Base in the middle of Indian Ocean. The cargo and the black box were removed. The passengers were silenced via natural means, lack of oxygen. They believe only dead people will not talk. The MH370 with dead passengers were air borne again via remote control and crashed into South Indian Ocean, make it to believe that the plane eventually ran out of fuel and crashed, and blame the defiant captain and co-pilot. The Americans have put up a good show. First diverting all the attention and search effort in the South China Sea while the plane made their way to Indian Ocean. Then they came out with some conflicting statement and evidence to confuse the world. The Australians are the co-actor. The amount of effort put up by China, in terms of the number of search aircraft, ships and satellites, searching first the South China Sea, then the Malacca Straits and the Indian Ocean is unprecedented. This showed that China is very concerned, not so much of the many Chinese civilian passengers, but mainly the high value cargo and its 8 top defense scientists. Posted by Steve Pieczenik at 5:14 PM (May 1, 2014)
I am starring to wonder if they even want to find this plane. If it were the United states the plane would have been found by now the boxes been played and studied and the plane would have been half way put back together by now. The longer they wait the less of a chance the boxes will be intact. They are messing around and nothing will ever get done countries like this should not be able to be anywhere near an aircraft. They should stick to small boats that is if they can even handle that.
If Malaysia wants to go after the real culprit, it will be looking at Hishammuddin Hussein, the defense minister who was also the transport minister at the time of disappearance. When the plane was crossing the Malaysian peninsula in its westward journey, this incompetent official never bothered to order chase planes to scramble and positively identify the blip on military radar. It was the only opportunity to make contact with MH370 but Hishammuddin Hussein didn't have the brain to do something about it.
Guaranteed,l had the plane passed over Singapore they would have had fighter jets all around them very quickly
How do we know jets were not scrambled, then followed then shot it down after discovering that it was hijacked and they figured out it was flying a suicide mission. after the it was shot down, they scrambled for a cover story and deception.
Another fantasy. If any jets were scrambled their fastest jet is the Sukhoi SU30. If "scrambled" their maximum return to base time below 5000m is 1.8 hours. Climb to 13,700 meters dramatically reduces flight time. MH370 was recognised transiting military radar (not approaching the base) just after 1:30 and left their coverage at 2:22. If you are on the ball 5 mins to scramble. Cruise clime 10mins to 13700 meters Maximum climb SU30 is 1 minute to 13,700 meter fuel burn less then 30 minutes flight time. Mh370 is 460-500kts SU030 shitloads. To make it easy Sukhoi less then an hour chase time before returning to base maybe a little more. So even if onto it and scramble jets immediately all they could do is watch MH370 disappear over the horizon. Next time you are at an airport watch a large aircraft take off and follow it until you cant see that little speck anymore. Not long before it disappears......
I Plead, You may be right. I still think the plane is in another country being repainted.
if he is going after the atc guy why not the mechanic that failed to change the elt this country does not need to be anywhere near an aircraft ever again the pilots mechanics and atc staff are all under qualified and should not be allowed to touch these aircraft.
Lets not find someone to blame on the ground when transponder was switched off while on flight. A large commercial plane like this cannot easily be flying for hours being undetected. There are secrets not revealed to the public to know (they usually cover up/classify justifying it as National security reasons). What we could presume is when it Involves the bully US and their satanic elites who rule the world, things can be covered up with lies, deceptions, manipulations with full co-operation from governments under their control and influence.
A large commercial plane vanishes without a trace on the other side of the world and looneytunes like "citizen" decides that it's the fault of the US. No need for anything like evidence or facts to muddy the issue.
everything they do is a joke in Malaysia. Fire every ministera first and free Anuar
Welcome to Indonesia where nothing works.
Uhhhh, Political at best. Hey... the guy may know something important. We will see...
Oh those two Iranians travelling with fake passports???? They had NOTHING to do with the aircraft disappearance. come on people. get real, just quit thinking about that and forget it and don't ever bring it up again so the media doesn't have to write back ground stories on those two. So just don't go there. Don't mention the two Iranians travelling with fake passports that boarded the flight. That kind of stuff happens all the time. fake passports. all the time.
I'd bet you a million dollars that stuff DOES happen all the time. Have you ever traveled to a different country? Nothing fancy about a passport. You can get a fake passport just as easy as a fake drivers license. Why need a fake passport do you ask? Simple...if you have some kind of felony on your record. I had a friend denied entrance to Canada cuz he had a drug record. When I went to Canada they gave me a hard time about a charge I got 20 yrs earlier for possession of a controlled substance. I guarantee lots of people use fake passports. Not just those two Iranians.
Considering it took a year for the info about the sleeping controller to come out, I question the definition of "very fast" in Malaysia.I have a feeling it's kind of like a minute in Mexico. .
Just empty words from this guy. LOL, after one year and this the best he can said on such serious matter !. Either need to get his head examine or he just does know what he is talking about - empty words.
Nothing about this incompetent MH Airlines and Airport employees wonders me anymore.. Liars and corrupt no question about it... Lets only hope they got a higher court who will order them to pay the price for what they doing to the familys of this tragedy
Malaysia boleh! They finally found out after 1 year that someone is sleeping on the job. What a joke!
They need a robust and error proof operating system ,they lose their air planes in the air. DO NOT Use This AirLiner ! untill they will have an errorproof system.
First reaction by Malaysia: a news blackout on 370. Why are you suddenly waking up a year later to fess up you were asleep at the wheel???Too little, too late.
After more than one year, this simple task of knowing whether or not the controller was asleep is still not confirmed yet? Then what chance have you to find the missing plane?
The military radar surveillance people were sleeping also. All sleeping when the aircraft shut down it's transponder and made several turns to the West and South, military on duty eh. When we guarded a munition depot we were also sleeping.
And those who believe this thing is in the water , are sleeping too.
Based upon this I think we have a solution to where the plane is. For it to get all the way down to Australia the fuel tank would have to be completely full. However that would not be the case if the fuel pumping guys were also sleeping on the job - after all, they really did not need all that fuel to just get to China, so why bother?
Why do we wish to get the opinion the plane needed to run out of fuel to land. Facts show millions of people around the world commit suicide by many numerous methods, even driving or jumping, yet here we are so fearful of the thought the next plane you catch the pilot cannot feel depressed or feel stressed to such an extent they feel their options to future are more limited. Is that not the reason why the mental health budgets around the western world is soaring to extreme limits
Wake up Mr. Liow! You have been saying empty words like the rest of your doggie master umno all along. Lots of us know you are just an opportunist, a liar and a numbnut! You disgrace your fellow Malaysians. I am so ashamed to call myself a Malaysian because of incompetency in your government and in you!
Though that is not the thing to do, I don't see what that has to do with anything about the planes disappearance.
correct, just another shift, stall and delay and detract from the real issue….the MISSING PLANE…..
Finger pointing , no solutions, and no effort to continue looking. I feel so bad for the family members . What kind of closure do they have with nothing, no clothing, no bodies , nothing ?
It IS relevant: A Mayday call would not be appropriately addressed.
The transport minister is a complete moron like other "brainless" officials in Malaysia. I think that they need to change the memory chips in their brains if they do have brains!
The transport Minister can't do anything because the Chief of ATC are well connected.
Stern action? What are they going to do make the supervisor take a Malaysian Airlines flight? :)~
Brian Williams has been traveling during his time off. He broke this story soon after he arrived in Malaysia.
Brian Williams recalled being on flight 370 when it was hit by a rocket propelled grenade. He clung to a floating piece of Blackhawk wreckage until a dolphin pulled him to shore. Lol!!!!
Many still sleep on their job, even yesterday, today and tomorrow and always. If only the military at Butterworth were awake and scrambled a jet to follow the FRIENDLY AIRCRAFT JUST FLYING OVER, this incident will NEVER happen
I just don't understand how a large jet with 200+ people on board could just vanish into thin air with no trace of debris. If this plane is never found it will be one of the great mysteries that will rank up there Amelia Earheart. I pray for the families that they plane is found so that the families can have some sort of closure.
Flight 370 is currently in an undisclosed location being packed with as much nuclear material as possible. At time that it will be flown into a strategic city in the United States and detonated.
Its random chance if will ever be found, whether intentionally or accidentally. Fix the systemic failures improve the system and move on. That alone would give meaning to the loss rather than tossing money in the ocean for no benefit.
Further to the post by 'My Opinion': Per my recollection of published events: The course deviation was 'discovered' much later the morning of the disappearance - by virtue of examination of radar records at the Defense Ministry. That is, whoever was watching the skies, was also asleep, inattentive, or plainly unconcerned.
The plane landed in perfect condition, and the crew and lowly peons have been terminated. The scientist on board have been sold to high bidders in third world countries to work out nuclear bomb problems. The plane will be used against America to deliver the nukes. Look no further than Pakistan.
over a year ago? Sounds like everyone is asleep at the wheel. Ridiculous cover story, there were conversations between control and the aircraft going outbound.
So let me get this straight they are blaming the complete loss of an aircraft on the atc. That is ridiculous why haven't they tried to figure out why it went down where it went down. They find the boxes granted they are still intact and haven't been destroyed by the water that will tell everything they need to know
So the Malaysian govt. has given up its search for the lost jet and has decided it needs a scapegoat to take peoples attention off of the govt.s failures. Typical.
Now the blame the controller. LOL... We all live in a world which is VIRTUAL REALITY.
So, like the Koreans, get a confession from his corpse is he is indeed found.
doesn't surprise me..the police and other officials in MY are always asleep on duty...when they're not trying to elicit bribes that is.
I thought that was only in the Philippines !!
If you want to understand this problem, you need to understand the social & political system in Msia. Apartheid is ingrained in the country's government and social systems. 99% of the military, police forces, government offices, are Malays people in order to maintain the system of Malay Supremacy. Top talent minorities are systematically driven out of the country, while the mediocre majority is promoted to high places.
Not really. I say that both the Chinese and the Malays are the root problems. The biggest environment polluters and the triad members who are active in drug smuggling and prostitution rings are Chinese, as well as monopoly and price fixing in the market.
Now what has that got to do with the subject in question
@60734 It means that the INCOMPETENTS rule the roost.
Triads of course are Chinese. But the top 3 gangs in Malaysia are Gang 04 (majority Chinese), Gang 08 (majority Indian), Double 7 (majority Malay). So the Chinese do not have monopoly of crime in Malaysia.
meh, Chinese are the ones controlling illegal loans, drug smuggling, car thefts and smuggling, prostitution rings, gambling and so on in Malaysia. Even your politician was apprehended in the States earlier this year for being a gang leader.
There are far too many unusual things about this case to be mere coincidence: ATC being asleep, the battery of the underwater locator beacon conveniently having expired a long time ago, etc. From the very beginning this has smelled like one and only one thing: a government cover-up. The reason this plan hasn't and can't be found simply is because someone with a lot of power and money does not want this plane to be found and has put a lot of effort into doing everything to keep this plane from being found.
The only thing they are covering up is the gross incompetence and corruption of the Malaysian officials
you all forgot about the Iranian passengers with the fake passports. OH, they were just assylum seekers, don't mention them again. they had nothing to do with it. getting fake passports that can fool immigration people are easy to come by. nothing strange here.
Bob, you hit the nail on the head.
And what about the pilot practicing various scenarios on his flight simulator at ho me. Remember we are talking about a Muslim pilot here.
farquar nell. as a pilot, i can tell you that is nothing strange to be doing. many pilots take training very seriously. I would have bought a simulator if I could afford one. actually looked into it many times. just didn't ahve the money
Wow! Can't believe after one year, the Malaysian government is still trying to figure out if the air traffic controller is at fault or not....unbelievable of the way the Malaysian government work. Accountability anyone???
Over a year later they STILL don't have a clue of what happened or the whereabouts if that plane crashed. What a joke and the poor family members are put through this #$%$ !!!!
How about the Malaysian military who tracked an unidentified aircraft (MH370) over their territory and took no action? Or the mismanaged search that wasted a week before starting to look in the right area? Plenty of incompetence to go around.
also what about all those false news surfacing the internet constatntly to confuse the public? Humm yesterday we read a news about a 'moist towelette' found 'possibly' from MH370. But why is all this happening?
And a joint Multi-National Naval and Air-Op going on in that area at the time of the DISAPEARENCE ? A ton of radar tracking going on at that time in the area with AWACS also in the air . ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
The Malaysian Air Force radar boys did saw the blip, but their incompetent supervisor didn't follow their own SOPs in not reporting that to the higher command. I would be surprised if that supervisor guy is still in their Air Force.
Obviously this latest twist of event is all a made-up! The plane disappeared a year ago. After one year then you think someone may be sleeping on the job??? Just becoz recently there were 2 policemen caught sleeping on their job??? What an idiotic piece of news is this? Are people investigating the plane disappearance really totally screwed up???
At least this Transport Minister dares to publicly announce that whosoever is instrumental, directly or indirectly for this plane crash must be punished! All those whose job function/s (whether physically or verbally) fails to perform according to expectations & consequently causes loss of lives/damage to property has to be seriously punished!
Only probability is that he captain had taken the plane off the gravity of the earth, purposely.
It's clear that Malaysia needs a forceful oversight provided by the US in order to prevent airliners from disappearing. Do we need to send in the American Sniper to shoot some kids?
once you have been in that part of the world and realize how corrupt and poorly everything is done you would want no part of flying on one of their aircraft or getting an operation in one of their hospitals ! think three stooges
nobody knew that the battery had expired a year ago or whatever. looks like nobody is doing their job. I would never fly with that airline until there is a complete makeover of all personnel. Mostly supervisors.
What a joke... like saying if the fox wasn't there the chickens wouldn't have gotten out! Malaysia is a joke... work the problem not the solution.
Real joker, thought everyone just FOOLS not able to THINK .
Well, I will never fly a Malaysian airline, I am surprised anyone still does.
First of all why would a pilot ever need to disable the transponder while in flight? This is one function that should be removed by all airlines. If a plane is in flight you should not be able to disable that function.
It took these incompetents a year to decide maybe this guy was asleep. This despite all those assurances that the investigation was exhaustive and comprehensive. Methinks its time to consider criminal charges against those in charge of the investigation. And cross Malaysia off my bucket list, I won't get on any plane that comes within 1,000 miles of Malaysia.
This plane was shoot down over Diego Garcia. The US sent everyone on a wild goose chase further south and west while the US navy cleaned up the junk in the water. This aircraft will never be found. Moral of the story, don't go flying over a major U.S. military installation.
Microsoft operating systems are the only thing that crashes more than Malaysian Airlines flights...
The report also showed that the battery of the underwater locator beacon for the plane's data recorder had expired more than a year before the jet vanished, because of a computer data error and went unnoticed by maintenance crews. Shoddy Airline ? Does Malaysia Air offer cheap fares ? I bet a few heads will roll .
Yeah, cheap fares but one way only !
The altitude of the supervisors and controllers in Malaysia can say "tiada Apa" take it easy, like Thai said "Miapenlai". They employed 80% Malay, even crews and pilots, the airline had not make any profit for so many years. If it keep on in this way, nobody will trust this airline. There is no fighting spirit in this company, look at Air Asia it keep on fighting for more ground to land.
PLEASE give us anything so we won't look so bad!
"... battery of the underwater locator beacon for the plane's data recorder had expired more than a year before the jet vanished, because of a computer data error and went unnoticed by maintenance crews." It means that this plane computer was already" with errors" before the flight. That fact can be the start for " real investigation" of disappearance of this plane.
Further evidence of rampant malfeasance in the whole Asian airline industry...
When did Malaysia represent the whole of Asia?!
@ Callen Do some research on aircraft incidents in Asia, particularly southeast Asia.
Key point, Why would a co pilot after leaving the airspace, say good night then shut off the transponder ? You do not shut off a transponder . The airline knows something is fishy, and wants to divert facts and confuse the public .
No, as I see it, once the flight says goodnight and signs off, the ATC guy has other flights to worry about, so he is looking elsewhere, it is not as if he gets an audible alarm when the transponder goes off, and if he isn't looking at the blip when it happens, he probably wouldn't even notice -after all the flight is on its way out of his airspace. ATCs do make mistakes, they are human after all,and that is why it is important the whole team has their mind on the job, if the supervisor was asleep, that is bad, very bad...
The pilot wanted to hook up with his 72 virgins by being a hero and killing lots of infidels.
Take a trip to anywhere in Asia and everyone (stores, offices, factories) is sleeping because they have to work 3 full-time jobs (8hoursX3= 24 hours) per day, 7 days a week, except the government officials who are living it up in Macau gambling $100,000 per hand that they steal from the workers that must work 3 full-time jobs per day.
yep!!! I've lived in Asia for 4 years and this ATC sleeping comes as NO surprise
Really? I've lived in Asia for a few years now. Neither I nor any Asian I know, work 3 full-time jobs.
Yeah, it's hard to get them to work 1 full time job.
CNN suggested alien abduction last year so I would expect them to suggest just draining the Indian Ocean to find it. To difficult using boats.
bottom line is…the plane is still missing and no one knows where it is …… and to presume it has crashed is simply erroneous…………there are lot of problems here and no explanations that no one wants to give…….the problem is, this plane probably tried to fly over the Antarctic….not going to happen…….no one flies over the Antarctic…..check the flight routes….they will fly you the other direction and take you thousands of miles the other way rather than fly over the Antarctic and if they do say they fly over the Antarctic they black out the data stream during that time…..perhaps this is what happened to Flight 370……for whatever reason, flying over the Antarctic is a NO-NO…..
This is total hogwash! Malaysia Airlines knew about this transcript a year ago when the accident happened, so why would they wait a year afterwards to investigate on this individual/controller/supervisor who was quoted as sleeping? Wouldn't this have been dealt with as soon as they reviewed the air traffic control transcript? Why display any action after the information has been released publicly when this knowledge was obtained 1 year ago? Total BS if you asked me. The powers at be are hoping this story would just die off and be forgotten. Every trick in the book has been used to divert the attention elsewhere.
Buddy, it could be that they only just consciously realized what had occurred, remember the focus was on finding the plane, wouldn't be the first time an obvious bit of data was overlooked...as you said, this information has been out there a year, and yet no one had spotted it, it was there all the time...sometimes we can't see what is in front of our eyes...oh to not be human, eh?
If Malaysia had subscribed to Boeing Airplane Health Management like every one else, that aircraft would have been located immediately. The only people at fault are those at the helm of the airline.
The Malaysian Airlines Flights are the only thing crashing more than Mitt Romney's Presidential campaigns...
So if the control tower hears the pilot say good night, and then one minute later the transponder is turned off, who was watching the screen? If a plane is on the radar screen one minute and gone the next, I would say that is were the break down occurred.
ALL ACTORS Missing Malaysia Boeing 777 explained one year ago, echoed by NOBODY ever since March 15, 2014 Osama resurrects in video standing by missing Boeing 777 of Malaysia Airlines As the act Flight 'ended in ocean' is staged, a reminder: All explained by Last Prophet in August 2011, months after Illuminati staged "Navy SEALs team kills Osama Bin Laden". Illuminati Grand Master was forced to postpone it for nearly three years. ALL end-times-prophet.blogs+pot
Crazy religious nut / right wing poster.
Accountability is based on who you are related to.
So, they've found a scapegoat for the missing plane tragedy. Always have to blame someone, rightly or wrongly. Too bad it won't bring back the plane and won't, I'm sure, make the families feel any better.
Missing Malaysia Boeing 777 explained one year ago, echoed by NOBODY ever since March 15, 2014 Osama resurrects in video standing by missing Boeing 777 of Malaysia Airlines As the act Flight 'ended in ocean' is staged, a reminder: All explained by Last Prophet in August 2011, months after Illuminati staged "Navy SEALs team kills Osama Bin Laden". Illuminati Grand Master was forced to postpone it for nearly three years. ALL end-times-prophet.blogs+pot
You need mental health treatment, ASAP.
Wow. The Malaysian government is prepared to blame a sleeping employee for the hijacking of MH370? Now let's see . . . what could he have done? Scream into a microphone? Scrambled fighter jets to shoot it down? Yep, the whole thing is definitely his fault . . . .
To those who claim to have faith in god: irrespective of any religion i ask for only 3 minutes of your precious time, i don’t as for any reward from you or from anyone in this world, it is purely in your interest, just 3 minutes>> just close your eyes in queit room and imagine this, you are standing infront of your god and he asks you, “i gave you health, vision, sight, hearing, food, shelter, a home, wife, children, respect, honour, and many many more blessings which you were not even aware off, then what did you do for me?,did you have faith in my books? Did you read my message? Did you try to understand it? Did you act upon it? Did you tell others to follow it? now think of your answer very honestly>>> as he knows whatever you did in this life>>>so brothers and sisters are we prepared to answer these questions?? we see people dying every day> have we ever thought from where we are coming and where all the dead people go? We see our dear ones leaving this world right before our eyes, can we stop them from dying? Please the message of god almighty allah has come to us, lets atleast read it without any prejudices and only reject it after a fair understanding. We all claim to be muslims, jews and christians > we are not anything but just following a religion given to us in inherritance>>> please we are smart beings,,when did anyone of you became a muslim or christian or jew? 99% by inherritance >> that’s a fact. Please open your eyes and years, and ask your heart>> it will answer you honestly where we all stand>> this message is in your interest and only your interest,,i ama not asking for any reward, as my reward will be with my allah almighty. Lets for once leave animosity against each other and lets follow the straight path given to by our god almighty, its not fair to reject something without even knowing what it is, can you answer even an e;mail without even reading it? This quran is a mirracle of god almighty, its not only for muslims but for entire humanity
Yes, I believe in Bigfoot too !!
If he is like supervisors in the US, he wouldn't have done anything right anyway.
Now Margo, you know very well that US controllers sleep on the midshifts.
If he's like a supervisor in the USA, he'll just blame the person below him, fire him and that will seem to make the situation okay because the supervisor "took care of the problem," even if it was the supervisor's fault.
by now the world knows that malaysian government (made up primarily of the malays) are a bunch of bumbling idiots more interested in their beauty sleep, food, and how they can marry four women. why are we even reporting on anything the malaysian government says. these news reports are hastily put togehter without any palnning or fore thought. if it wasn't for the other races (chinese and indians) in malaysia, malaysia would be just like republic of congo.
Luckily they dont let the chinese hold the govt. They are the biggest root cause of corruption and illegal business in malaysia. You name it, money laundring, illegal aliens, drug trafficking and processing, exporting stolen cars, llegal gambling, illegal entertainment centre with illegal gro, illegal logging and clearing of jungle and many many more. They will bribe everybody from tip to bottom to get their business running. They will do anything for money and without any ethics. In fact for money they will sell their mother, their daughter and give their aunty for free.
shaiful, and you malays sell your soul to the chinese. this is what is happening in malaysia.
and interesting that s'pore across the strait is the one of the least corrupted country and is made up of mainly chinese, many of whom are from malaysia. shaiful like the muslim he is always lies to overcome the shortcomings of the malays.
One has to ask who is forcing Msia to cover up this case ?. A power with the ability to steal the plane in flight. Just look at the make and model of the aircraft and it gives a strong clue. Scapegoat is just to deflect attention. So this saga goes and plane/ wreckage will never be found. It sad and and darn shame.
The malaysian govt is a joke
from sleeping controllers to sleeping cops, they're better than ever. that's Malaysia, where u can find the sleeping pilots while flying.
They don't want the truth to come out
The plane is where you'd least expect it to be.
Yeah and Kim is having it re-painted as we speak.
tragic....overworked overwhelmed abused employees all over will make mistakes....the airline is responsible in their greed they put us all at risk....now they look for "the scapegoat"......typical.....and pathetic!!!
yes the air traffic supervisor should be taken for questioning
if the plane was shot down, then where is the debris? if the plane crashed somewhere, where is the debris? maybe look in a remote jungle?
"If he slept while on the job, we will take stern action. We will wake him up!!!"
yes...we will slap the MFer awake..
I've vowed never to fly to/from Malaysian...these people are incompetent.
Only know he to talk rubbish minister
Maybe he was e-mailing Hillary on her Blackberry.
Thats not going to help find this aircraft.
After one year later..... You must be kidding me... How much more info that you have not reveal yet... Would it take 10 more years.. 1 info per year... that will make everyone forget about it... What a joke....
Won't be surprised if the controller who slept on job was a Bhumiputra (undeserving Muslim Malay who got job through affirmative action aka institutionalized racism by Malay government)
I thought the guy supervising the air traffic control that night was a Chinese? Lol
In Malaysia Chinese won't get to be an air traffic controller. The Chinese air traffic controller was China's ATC. Not Malaysia's ATC.
Perhaps someone can wake up the Cargo supervisor as well to release a full detailed cargo manifest once and for all rather than the intentionally contrived version they hope will suffice.. it's a insult to intelligence that "boxes of components" are enough for any air-cargo shipment without an actual description of contents.. someone is hiding information for a reason..
Liow, you are saying things as dumb as the previous guy in charge
Malaysia govt looking desperately for a scapegoat
Blame the ocean, if the airplane is buried at the bottom.
malaysia is a joke in international relations from the public displays of ignorance of aviation protocal n non-actions taken... malaysia is run by a bunch of idiots who know only how to line their pockets from corruption top down from govt. .... no one cares if malaysia lives or dies... certainly their own citizens.... rubber tapper, tin panhandlers, fishermen n padi growners.
getting warmer! Control tower had its eyes closed.............HMMMMMM!
Looking for a scape-goat........stupid idiots can't find the plane so it needs to be someones fault.
he also moonlighting as a cab driver due to malaysia skyrocketed inflation cause by their corrupt government
Even if he were asleep, it doesn't change a thing.
maylasia should also offer a large reward for information leading to the location of the aircraft
This reminds me of those geologists that got hemmed up a while back for not predicting an earth quake
So...one year later they investigate the air traffic controllers and are testing the towel/washcloth that washed up on the beach in June???
The cover stories are getting thin.
it still would not have changed the outcome
NATO: The Lip Service Boy, never change and always long after things become so smelling.
This whole investigation is a joke
who going to head the newly created - Malaysia disaster ministry
He wasn't sleeping, he was hijacking and crashed it. If you look at the facts, its the only thing that really makes sense.
The plane iscalling for help and the controller in there sound asleep dreaming about pretty filipino ladies dancing for him. I don't believe it !
What action have the RMAF and Government taken on those jokers sleeping on Butterworth RMAF duty times when MH 370 intruded into without a Flight Plan on the new flight path
I thought that the Air force personnels didn't sleep and actually saw the blip, but their supervisor didn't report it to the higher command after making his own assumption that the blip was not a threat?
say they fell to sleep - can't the plane loud speaker them?
there must be ways for plane to wake them - stupids
malaysians, indonesians, vietnamese, phillippinos are real slow
They may be slow but they are ahead of you glee!
That plane was landed safely and is probably in the hands of the sick and twisted isis group
Check freshly painted aircraft in the Middle East. Iran is a good start.
It is a massive ocean. I get that. And it is a vast empty expanse. But I find it very implausible that we have seen no debris. Not a scrap...not counting the recent napkin packet. Even if it crashed into the Sea of Japan, we should have seen something just by accident. A driver's license. A life preserver. A packet of peanuts. Some wiring. A small piece of structure. It seems hard to believe it crashed in water.
Maybe they've gone to the same island as the show Lost...
Wow if true he was sleeping, maybe they going hang him? What a joke 239 people got kill and he was sleeping?
No profits at all who want to check
There were 30,000 Chinese politicians in one building in Beijing and two unknown "terrorists" on the plane. Why didn't get to Beijing???
Where is MH370? Hijacked by ISIS, crew and passengers are new ISIS recruits?
...and he will be executed according to Malaysian tradition.
Can't find a plane in the ocean that already landed in diego garcia.
find out what happen to prevent it happening to the rest of the living - not the dead
Malaysia is one "creepy" country....if this was anything other than a journalistic fiction...Malaysia wouldn't "vow" to do anything.....it would already be done....Malaysia overuses "future tense" in it's press releases.....Flight MH370 will likely return to the headlines one day soon....after flying out of a Russian or Chinese controlled airstrip.....
365++ days later, they want to "act very fast".
Not surprised.! And it is off-cause unacceptable... But people who haven`t worked long hours on shift work will have little idea of how difficult it can be to keep awake in the early hours after midnight as a consequence of being sleep deprived during the day when off duty... Unfortunately some managers do not seem to appreciate that, and subject workers to unnecessary "jet-lag" symptoms because the actual "shift roster rotation" make it increasingly difficult to adjust to the changing sleep times, and consequently health and safety is compromised.! But there are off-cause some lazy people who will deliberately go to sleep if they can get away with it rather than do their job, especially if it is a very boring job. (Perhaps something like looking at a radar screen for hours on end.!)
A few years back, I was hauling cattle up north, and I never took the pills to stay awake, like a lot of drivers did. So I saw a bear in the road up head and I knew if I hit it, it would kill the bear and tear up my truck, so I locked her down right then & there, burning 18 tires in the process. There was no bear -- I was hallucinating.from sleep deprivation. Now I only drive in daylight hours.
Happened to me once, and I was hallucinating that a turbo jet was about to land right in front of me on a highway.
I know the feeling, while working 12 hour night shifts (decades ago) driving a 75 ton dump truck and struggling to stay awake just after sun-op, I briefly "saw" a railway line where the road should be, then I woke up and was veering off toward the wrong side of the road, no damage done, but it illustrate how easily things can go wrong when one is seriously sleep deprived. There were some other drivers there who had accidents as a result of momentarily dozing off, including one who went over the side of the road and demolished his truck and barely survived his injuries.
A sleeping air traffic controller didn't cause MH370 to disappear. If anyone knows what happened to MH370, it would be the Americans. They have satellites circling the globe that can detect artillery and missile launches ANYWHERE in the world, 24/7. They have satellites that track every moving object in the sky. Boeing, an American company, are keeping very quiet about the onboard safety devices that all failed at the same time, the battery operated ones, that activate on impact or contact with water. None of them activated. NO debris = NO crash..
I think they are looking for a scapegoat.
In the tropical heat (broken aircon again) it is not uncommon for workers to fall asleep on the job. It is very, very hard to keep awake. Even the politicians find it hard to keep awake in their parliament.
If the expired battery went unnoticed by maintainance teams, what else did they miss.
It occurs to me to ask this; " Was it a complete coincidence that MH370 flew SSW on the reciprocal of the course that it should have flying to get to Beijing ? ".
and we used to think mexicans had a 'manana' complex. the malays have a 'next year' complex
Scapegoat! Although there is absolutely no excuse to be sleeping on the job....especially this kind of job. However, this sleeping man was NOT THE PERSON WHO SWITCHED OFF the transponder in the cockpit. So cannot be blamed. I am flying with Malaysian on Sunday.....just hope this man is not on watch when I am in the air
Malaysia annoyed Israel... say no more!
Didn't it have top technical brains on board?Why do people forget that too.It could have landed somewhere
Never mind flight MH 370 let the world know what really happened to flight MH 17
In a land where pigs are considered Haram or unclean in Islam, these bumi people ironically behaves more piggish than non-bumi. They love to sleep on the job, take long medical leave or mc, take drugs, have many wives just like pigs do, have many children even when they cannot afford just like pigs, and then disappear from their wives and convert other women to marry them - guess what, it is the same between a kampong pig and an american pig. It gets worse at the governmental level, they even tax their non-piggish friends (non-bumi) so that they can sleep more and have more wives and babies. See the similarities??
The probe will be "very fast"? Serious or not? Plane missing for over a year and only NOW they consider a probe into the air controller. It must be remembered that the M'sia still have not explain the gap in the first few hours of the plane going of the radar, how it could have flown across the width of peninsular M'sia without their combined primary/secondary/bomoh/coconut/otherwise radars detecting an object in their national air space. This caused very serious waste of efforts as the search went from the South China Sea, to the Indian Ocean (west of M'sia) to the current location (west of Australia). Surely, someone higher than an air controller was sleeping.
from now the standard of Malaysia capability revealed
Nope. They didn't say anything like that. They said they'll view on this matter very seriously. They already started hiring pigs with 50 headcounts to conduct a very serious investigation in a 10 year contact
All Governments around the world will 'massage' news and statements before releasing for public consumption.It is only the degree of openness and transparency.For Malaysia, it is a given not to disclose too much. Even after disclosure, NFA (no further action ) kicks in knowing full well that the general public may not have the stamina to follow up.What happens to the military radar that spotted the MH370? and did not react but only disclose the finding days later?
This is controlled media,as well as controlled news,as well as to complicated our minds n thoughts,they always come up with different possibilities n suggestion or opinions,make the masses blurr n give up,always some kind of diversion of storyline. Now they wan tu to think that the computer does not save data even if the controller is sleeping or go to toilet.Does your home pc save data when u surf the web?Yes it does.So how about the big super computer sitting on the tower?YES IT DOES! So stop giving us different news or story or guessing games... These elites controlled government(s) don't want us to know what actually happened to MH370,thats why all the false news & different storyline.
Malaysia is a land of endless possibilities!!!!!!
This minister want to probe it now after so many months? Who is sleeping?
If u following this news fo rmonths,u should have know quite long time ago that they actually wana make u sleep......so that "u" wont ask again becos they don't want "u" to know.......
Air Traffic Controller sleeping on the job? Probably the Malaysian Air force radar operators were also sleeping that night. How else can you explain an unidentified aircraft the size of a jumbo allowed to travel across the entire country from East to West without raising any alarms??? the only logical explanation is that the Air Force radar operators were all asleep on the job
They forgot to mention that the technicians were also sleeping if not how on earth the battery for the black box was expired and nobody knew about it. Maybe they never even know that all batteries have expiry date. MAS must be the most scary airline in the World.
change battery? must be kidding expensive you know!
What the fuss in saying not a full investigation and to find out whether the controller was sleeping after one year. Regardless of where the MH370 has fallen out of the sky into the Indian Ocean or crashed elsewhere; all the passengers & crew members are dead & flesh rot away after 1 solid year. Time spend on digging up "facts" is useless, the time any money will be of better use in compensating the passers & crew members relatives. Of course relatives of the dead want closure, but logically speaking, if the plane was the work of hijackers, by now MAS & Malaysian Government have received ransom demands for the release of the passengers & crews. It's hapless to hope that the passengers & crews are still alive.
Just 1 sentence,The elites controlled - governments don't want us to know what actually happened to MH370.Thats why they always come up with new storyline.... so no fact for u!
In mamak Mahathir's Bolehland, it is hardly surprising police constable, civil servants, Badawi and MPs are caught napping on their jobs. So will air traffic controllers be alert and not zzzzzzzzzzzzz ? What is really damning is that it took the Tpt Minister more than a yr to act.
You are wrong. Its no longer Mahathir's Bolehland but Najib's.
some sleeping on the job, others blowing up explosives, some having sodomy, traffic police collecting bribes, ….. . seems like a paradise country to live in…. shiok is the word
Last few days the policemen were caught sleeping and now an air traffic control supervisor was asleep on the job. So it seems that Malaysians are working smarter, not harder or either they thought their bosses were gone for the day to play golf.
This charade is starting to get ridiculous.
Why ? after one year , the authorities suddenly wants to check whether the personnel on duty was 'really' sleeping on his shift , this should have been concluded long ago . Another cheap wayang when things goes wrong and pretends to act .
If investigations concludes that indeed this was the case, then it proves that Malaysia has been in slumberland for the past fifty years.
Even if he was awake, what could he have done? He is just civil aviation controller supervisor. The MLY military did nothing to scramble military planes to check out unidentified aircraft flying across the country. Were they asleep as well?
Military is allowed to sleep after determining the unidentified plane is NOT 'unfriendly'. No case against them.
Not surprising at all. What action to take now?
Malaysia is a very tired country. 1st police napping, now air traffic control - I think in the Parliament, MP also napping.
Stop bully the weak. The plane dun go missing because the controller slept. period
No choice; take action on the weak so that the powerful be spared.
What an idiot people talking. If the tower controller fall to sleep or not should be checked when the plane gone time not after 1 year. Really gondur minister and hopeless
Malaysian civil service is getting fantastic in their work performance. Police sleep on the job, air controller supervisor sleep on the job. I bet even Najib is sleeping on the job!
Everything is asleep in m'sia even batteries. Government, Air force, Police, probably the pilots also.
The sons of the soil are always dozing away except when it comes to getting bonuses or food.
So if they are sleeping can we sneak in and piak their girls???
This is another cover up scenario. All sorts of excuses and stories are created to mislead and confuse the public.This is typically how most governments work .It is part of the Problem, Reaction,Solution paradigm.This is now this minister's solution. The plane is still missing and the bigger picture of political blackmail and khazarian mafia involvement with this event has never been factored. The lack of data from all surrounding countries especially Singapore,a known major spy centre, clearly indicates a major cover up at government levels of neighbouring countries. Such a cover up can only occur if there was a common purpose ,like a military live drill to test a weapon .As naïve as it may sound, the military industrial complex has been known to carry out live demonstrations of state of the art weaponary to garner and boost sales. After all, war has been a major money spinner for the industrialized world especially the Anglo American consortium.What is a few lives and a spectacular magic show ,if this were to garner a few billions of sales. One thing is for sure there was nothing ORDINARY in all three plane events linked with Malaysia.
Stop looking for scapegoats already. It's pointless and only hurts more people.
I hope Malaysia will stop supporting rebel groups in Mindanao... least they can attend more to their falling/missing airlines
Quote: Malaysia's transport minister on Thursday vowed to take stern action against an air traffic control supervisor if it is confirmed that he was asleep on the job. The most transferred him or her from air traffic control to control room. He or she can continue sleep.
The previous air traffic controller, did not notice the plane missing? Or did not hand over duty properly? The air traffic controller coming in at 3.00am don't know the time, and let out that the supervisor is sleeping. the ATC don't know how to cover for this supervisor, and just say he will check with his supervisor, instead go and say he need to wake him up, [Slap forehead]
Had the Controller been sleeping on duty, then other planes using malaysian air space / entering Malaysian air space during the time of accident had been place at greater risk and jeopardy. The dire consequences would be higher that I wouldnt want to say it. The said Transport Minister, Head of Civil Authorities, Various Depts head would had been chopped off and that includes those on duty at the Tower
How about the Royal Malaysian Air Force radar controllers? They noticed the plane deviating from its flight path and didn't do anything about it. Great!
whether or not Malaysia supports rebel groups has nothing to do with the disappearance of flight 370 keep on topic people and don't be morons.The families have the right to know what happened to their loved ones
No one to supervise, they sleep most of the time!
Wow, 1 year later then they decided to investigate this matter.... but then it's Malaysia. So, no surprise everything is in slow motion.
After policeman on duty found sleeping...now this idea come to their mind for excuses...
Most Malaysians in government sectors, even when their eyes are opened, their minds are drifted else where...
How to take actions against Malay Sleeping employees while on duty since Dr Mahathir said that Malays are lazy.
Everyone know that everybody have to sleep and must put enough hours to sleep. But to sleep during his/her crucial hours or minutes while on duty is a no no. This is neglect of duty and must be punished for that lapse. No more excuses if found sleeping on the job. That's it bye bye & good luck
It very much depends on who's sleeping. If its any of the PAP's pigs, you'll hear them say, it happens once in 50 years, let's move on...
In this case, I disagree if only the controller is punished. Punish his supervisor as well-why nto enough sleep?
If battery maintenance has not been completed in over one year, then what other maintenance on this airline's planes have been neglected????? Do they just pencil whip (sign off without completing) maintenance on important engine and airframe tasks??? The airline should be grounded and a full investigation of their maintenance practices be conducted by a outside agency at the cost of the airline.
To be fair all these can be speculation, but the killing of the mongolian lady was obvious that someone is behind,why did not the law minister look into this.
Because its likely to involve the one that signs his salary cheque. So how to break rice bowls???
Bcos people have the brains to know that its not linked. The Mongolians are smart enough to know that making an airliner lost will not avenge them. They would rather kill the PM, not some innocent passengers. Its only people without brains like Ahloo think about it. Btw, the Mongolian lady was fappable. Fap Fap Fap.
The civil aviation air controllers were sleeping. The military radar operators were sleeping. The air force pilots were sleeping. The air control officers were all sleeping. Can't blame them, it was 2am in the morning and its their normal sleeping time, on duty or not! But must blame and sack all their supervisors and bosses for lack of control and poor discipline over their staff.
How to fly fighter plane without engines. LOL
First the beacon battery on the plane was an expired one. And now the air traffic controller was sleeping on the job. And this revelation came immediately after the article with a picture showing 2 policemen sleeping while on duty at a police station. Malaysia really boleh.
In msia, there are other many jobs whreby the workers fall asleep.in recent case, Policemen on duty,at police station, even politicians at parliment meeting seminar etc. in this M370, obviously the govt is taking easy way out to blame their fault and failure over the national security over this controller and try to find the scapegoat. the Bworth TUDM managed to trace at last few minutes missing, but our trnasport menteri (the malay guy, forgot his name, hanfiah something) said (kami tak nampak yg aircraf tu nk menceroboh/berniat tak baik, kami biarkan...)., that is called "sleeping at work" as well. .
Malaysia vows action if controller slept when MH370 vanished Najib was also sleeping, the Mongolian model vowed... LOL
They can, however, claim immunity. Sleeping very often is in their genes. Same as in any brown skin races, like Filipinos, Mexicans, Indons, Cambodians and many others living in the tropical zones. Lol!
and where did you get this information from?
Wei, travelling and observing. Certainly not from the Straits Times. Lol!
Dr M have been putting all the Malays into positions of responsibility because he wants the Malays to be in charge..all Chinese and Indians no longer have any possibility of being in charge... Bumiputra FIRST... hahahaah... i am glad... without the Malay's myopic thinking... Singapore would not have survived to this day... hahahaha
Yes please tell that to the complaining oppies
Policemen sleep on the job. Air controller sleeping on the job. Government also sleeping on the job.
And yet voters are sleeping when voting. Aigoo!
Your superiors are making you a scapegoat. Where were you at the very beginning, Mr Liow?
He wasn't the transport minister during that time, it was hishamuddin, the acting transport minister who is giving update n speech
It is because no one else can cope up and handle the situation anymore so they pass the baton to him.
Stop talking bulls ! You're just trying to create all those distractions by blaming this and blaming that. The real question is, where is the plane ??? That's the answer that we all want to know !
Malaysian ranting and finding another sheep in this year of the sheep to slaughter... Lol.
Although its human nature to fall asleep at night even for those on night shift workers but definitely not for night operations that concern life and death. Perhaps its the MAS culture to allow personnel to sleep during theirs tour of duty both for the lawforcers as well as air traffic operators.
You are abit wrong. ATC is not under the control of airlines but under the local civil aviation body, For Singapore it is CAAS.
If the air traffic controller was sleeping, how do all the other planes land or take-off? This doesn't make sense. But if he is the air traffic control supervisor, then there would be people under him, the air traffic controllers, so doesn't matter if he sleeps.
malay is not the problem regarding sleeping on the job... the problem is putting all malay in the watch tower... is wise to has 2 malay and a non malay to keep all 3 on toe...lol
In Malaysia u dunno how it is? 2 malay and a non malay they will ask the non malay "go home and rest lar, we can handle"
No I think you are wrong. They will ask the non-malay to keep watch and they themselves will go to sleep.
@Fred they will be full of ego to do that
I wont be surprise becoz malays have to sleep.
Lol, and the chinkees would be drunk and high on substance?
I see this babi Yada always running his mouth haha~ Your lot don't even need alcohol and drugs to do more stupid stuff than any others do.
ouch, truth hurts, ain't? Must be another chinkee. Sum-tin-went-wong, eh 'how'?
@A! Wait Lah! Hmmm, is that how Kovan murderer and Germans escaped out of Singapore? Bcos everytime I leave Singapore I see the IO that check foreign passport all Malay leh. Why arh? ICA no hire Chinese?
1MDB, Cattle Assc., Mongolian, French submarines, RMAF, Royal M'sian Navy procurement, m'sian polis, massive floods due to illegal de-forestation, excessive spending Rosmah. All linked to corruption. Enough said.
Awww I gave you a fact and all you can come up with is a pitiful insult? Is that the limit to your intelligence? Maybe eating pork might help... oh wait cannibalism is bad!!!
@Crevalle you forgot the ITE case just recently.
Lol, chinckees always crying foul when it's right back at their face. Oh well, not that I would expect anything from the biggest polluter anyway. Are you done selling human organs for the day eh, chinckees? Wanting to get rich no matter what it takes just like your brethren in the mainland, eh?
Crying foul? Lol stupidity again. The ones always playing the victim cards are your lot. Turn away from the truth all you want but the facts will not go away. You and your Middle Eastern relatives are the scourge of the earth. And you wonder why so many are protesting to kick your lot out of Europe? Poor unwanted kid. About the selling of human organs, your cousins in the ISIS are doing the exact same thing LOL~ Oh and since you were talking about China's "Engrish" - "chinckees always crying foul when it's right back at their face" Good ENGLISH you just typed here. So much for your years of English education.
meh, it's your lot especially in the mainland that have a thriving human organ trafficking business. And what's up with your stupid inferior culture that anything is OK as long as you can sell and make profit out of it? No wonder your lot is despised all over the world, so much for the chinatown anywhere. Oh don't forget to teach yourself mannerism and how to properly use toilets when visitng other countries. Talking about your stupid culture, are you guys still shouting instead of talking to each other? LOL, what's up with feng-shui and craze about jade? Jaded dragon, iron moneky kung fu.. LOL... stupid..
Like I said, you like to turn away from the truth. The only ones despised all over the world are your lot. Lots of anti-muslim demonstrations in Europe n USA but never heard of any anti-chinese demonstrations there. Fengshui, jade and kungfu? They are even popular among western countries. Tell me what of your culture that is popular in western society? NONE!!! Ahhh pitiful little kid. Why do you always resort to telling lies and insults while not admitting to the truth? I don't look up to China people's lack of mannerism and etiquette anyway. Unlike you who live under your mum's skirt thinking you stand at the top of everything, I see China's bad side as well. Still anything chinese is better than anything your lot can come up with. That's the truth. And FYI I ain't from China. *Waiting for more lies your puny brain can think of*
In the first place, what Wait Lah said is correct. Malays have to sleep, Chinese have to sleep, everyone have to sleep. But Mr. Inferiority Complex Yada Yada couldn't see it.
Lol, feng shui is popular in the West? Yea, dream on. What, now crying foul that you've been insulted after been doing that to others? Oh, I forgot, that's typical attitudes among your lot. Why don't you follow like how the families of the MH370's passengers from your lot who threw mineral bottles and what not to the people around them while melodramatically crying in front of cameras? There's no need to be feeling inferior in front of the species that destroyed the environment around them wherever they go. Such a despised lot. What have you guys contributed to the humanity except gun powder? And that was like 2000 years back? LOL.
The culture of anything is OK as long as it makes profits regardless if it is morally wrong or not, that is the lowest of the lows. No wonder you people caused so many destruction to the environment everywhere you go.
@Yada Yada only brainless people like you can't tell the difference between Mainland Chinese and Malaysian/Singaporean Chinese. Biggest Polluter? Thats Mainland China. Families of MH 370 threw mineral bottles? Thats Mainland China. Malaysian Chinese sure didn't do that. You mean Malaysia no Chinese? They are way different from Mainland Chinese, same as us Singaporean Chinese. Despised lot? We also despise them. Go ask your Malaysian Chinese friends-do they despise Mainland Chinese or not? Go and learn the DIFFERENCE.
Yea right.... so much different that basically the Chinese in South East Asia would stop at nothing to gain money regardless if it's morally wrong or not like loan shark or gambling and prostitutions or exporting stolen cars or polluting environment or clearing forests or price fixing lin the market. Opss.. that sounds exactly like what the mainland Chinese do LOL.
@How. Excuse me.....I believe the expression is "casting pearls at swines" not "giving a pearl to a swine". Such things are said to tell whether a person has had the advantage of a good (or dare, I say, superior) education. Yah. LOL.
@Yada Yada at least we are talking your language. If you talk to the mainland Chinese? I don't think they would understand you and continue to take your money.
I heard the police stations in Malaysia even have "off days" during Hari Raya. LOL, Police stations closing all shutters for a few days. Golden oppotunity for would be criminals.
try going there on a friday afternoon
No more excuses, now have to look for scapegoat
Sack the air controller supervisor if it's true
if its any other reputable airlines, the CEO will step down, but a malaysian ceo will never step down. he's got his hands in the cookie jar
They won't sack one lah. The supervisor most likely will be transferred to another airport
Malaysia Boleh, even sleeping also boleh!
all this is just sandiwara, it all depends on the RACE of the controller? malay or non malay? the so called "action" varies?
If 2 policemen can sleep, why can't the air traffic controller ?
Soon Malaysia Gov will say " Apa Lagi Mahu"...........
sleepinglah what else, Royal Malaysian Air Force can sleep but MAS cannot sleep? Not fairlah!!!!!
Cops sleeping on the job must have given the government idea to push the blame to controller
"No, he wasn't sleeping, he was just meditating". That was one of the excuse given when one of the MPs was caught sleeping during parliament discussion. I think applicable here too :-D
Why only blame the air controller when even the prime minister is sleeping on the job
The civil service and the government of msia are all sleeping and at tax payers expense---whilst the minorities are being discriminated they are they are ones working n paying taxes
Supervisor sleeping???? Govt now looking for scapegoat so that those on top could escape the chopping board....
i rather hear the coconut men in news than this
karma yan sa gobyerno ng malasyia, buti nga sa inyo mang aagaw ng lupa. lol, sunod nu isakay si president aquino deles at ferrer. para mas masaya.
This pig head puppet has to wayang now! So easy to beg to have the post back from UNMO meh?
from the start I did not believe what the Malaysians dished out on the missing aircraft. no transparency and honesty. Malaysia boleh.
Sleeping for more than a year? Malaysia Boleh.
EMPTY "VOW" considering that after more than a year since that "accident"..., the Malaysians still have to say .... "IF confirmed..." . Another "unsolved-missing-plane" that will again stay with us for decades and several movies.
they keep saying / reporting, its "crashed". but no debris found, how can they be so sure it crashed ?? it may sink to the bottom of (any) ocean without crashing.
Air controller supervisor is very busy in mistress house controlling his missile
Police and now air traffic controller malaysia boleh
Scapegoating now, eh? Ran out of useful things to do? FIND THE WRECKAGE. Playing the blame game is for children.
Time to implement additional controllers with proper rest times to prevent sleep stealing if found to be true..
so easy just look at the time lagged from missing airplane to rising alarmed to boss. any thing more then 5 mins , those guys were not worth their salaries..no discipline.
If the controller didnt sleep ,where is the big plane ? Msian Govt are fooling the world ,they know where MH370 is,but do not want to reveal it coz some VIP will be %$^#%#^%*&(* ??
I was online that night posting on youtube about how I liked an airlines theme music.I turned off my computer and then heard someone say,"while you were posting that we lost two more planes."And this plane was in the news that morning.
It is good that the air control supervisor explain to China & Australia exactly when he woke up
why am I not surprised that he was napping on the job?
no matter what still does not bring closure to the families of the passengers and crew of the ill fated MH370
****The ministry's probe will be "very fast," he added, without saying when it would be completed****** Ha Ha Ha ! I put my probe in your ash, even faster !! Lol !
After 1 year, they have still not confirmed this? Perhaps next year, it will be certain...
Their cops can sleep on the job, so no reason the rest can't.
"Malaysia vows action if controller slept when MH370 vanished"...your vows are mere words to pacify the ppl...Useless ministers that can only wayang...
What do you expect from one who lost through the voting system and had to turn off the power supply so that another ballot box could be brought in to increase his votes?!
even their police slp on the job, I'm not surprise the air controllers slp also....
Was he sleeping? Er....my Malaisian friend told me, in his own words, that half the nation is sleeping and the other half uses only half their brains..... Funny, sad and stupid, Bolehland.
I will never fly with this airline
sleeping on the job...its normal in malaysia! :D
nobody surprised by these findings at all. malaysia boleh mah
Typical MATS. After Doa, Makan then Tiduk! Every month collect gaji!
Apa lagi boleh buat except the last wayang kulit show try????
Late stories nato hmmp..sleep muna ako.