This is an absolute farse. If this plane spiraled into the ocean on autopilot there would be debris everywhere and after three months would have washed ashore on some beach in western Australia period. This plane did not crash and im almost certain its in Africa being redone I bet some old fishing trawler dumped those black boxes where they were looking for them that would explain the fuel spill they found right in the area that they thought was aviation fuel. Why is Australis so help bent that its in there area? are they that hard headed and so opinionated ..This has gone on way too long, Air France may have tken two years but they found the tail piece right away and two or three bodies including the captains floating. We need a smarter team built here. This is about finding the passengers not about who can #$%$ longer..
All these months later, and there has yet to be any official comment from Boeing of the technical minutia of the autopilot. There has to be a routine built into the software for the autopilot to fall back on when there is not interaction from the humans. You don't just set the thing, walk away, and turn it off several hours later when you are about to land. At some point, there has to be interaction with the pilots. I wish I knew what happens with the autopilot when there are no acknowledgements to the system.
More proof that no one knows anything!
Well here comes Snowden & sooner or later it will come out. We've all been scammed & the worse thing is no one will know much more than with the corrupt Warren commission investigation. Don't tell people that anyone on the Warren commission believed what they published.
This plane is on a small island somewhere and is being outfitted for a bombing. The pilot had a flight simulator in his apt. He practiced landing on a shorter landing area. The Plane was covered by others the minute it was down. Tell me this is not a viable scenario . It's seems to be the one that makes sense. Just my thoughts.
What this new blog indicates is that they have no idea where the plane crashed in the ocean.
Yes, and it is 'highly likely' that all those satellite & radar operators and air traffic controllers were all drunk when MH370 flew off course. :)
Q: ...."An expert group has reviewed all the existing information and Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said it was now "highly, highly likely that the aircraft was on autopilot" when it went down...."Otherwise it could not have followed the orderly path that has been identified through the satellite sightings," he told reporters... Martin Dolan, commissioner of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau, which is leading the search, agreed...."Certainly for its path across the Indian Ocean we are confident that the aircraft was operating on autopilot until it went out of fuel," he said...."UQ This is vague supposition of "it had to be on autopilot to follow the orderly path" and while I don't dispute the use of the AP to fly, the aircraft could have still been flown "in an orderly flight path" manually by the pilots. Or don't these people believe that an airline pilot could manually fly any track accurately? Regarding the aircraft operating on AP when it ran out of fuel and crashed, absent any "smidgen" of debris found to date, I believe it to be impossible for an airliner,,,even one far smaller than a B777, could do a dive even from 5000 ft without the fuselage breaking apart, or, as in the AF 447, parts of the tail section (the rudder in this case), would not have broken off and remained afloat. And recall that AF447 crashed in a flat-slight nose up attitude with a forward speed around 120+ mph (at some 10,000 fpm ROD!) Again accepting the AP was engaged, the engines ran out of fuel, all electrical power dropped off, the AP would have also dropped off, I doubt that the aircraft attitude would have remained in a steady flight path angle, but as the altitude decreased, the last pitch trim for cruise flight locked in place would have the airspeed rapidly dropping off causing the airplane to stall if sufficient altitude remained. Then most probably a fall off left or right, a dive at increasing speed....where is the debris field that should have resulted? I have serious doubts that this aircraft...or any other, would have run out of fuel, departed any altitude, and then on it's own flying qualities in the aircraft design would have made a minimal impact landing in the open ocean; those comparing the manually pilot flown AirBus "splashdown on the Hudson River" success, such a comparison has no merit. Even the Airbus controlled splashdown had an engine torn loose from the pylon, and that was landing on a "millpond" in broad daylight by a highly skilled pilot compared to an ocean in darkened conditions. There is nothing in my commentary that cannot be duplicated in a B777 simulator. But in the end, it doesn't matter the aerodynamics of MH 370 descent into a watery grave....if that was the case. What matters is finding the aircraft because if it ended up in a body of water or somewhere on land, only two situations could have occurred; 1) It was flown to either location or, 2) A catastrophic event occurred within the cockpit aircraft systems that has no precedent in past occurrences or within any data base I can find. If #2 occurred, then the premise that such could again happen, means that the entire world aviation community should willingly pay for finding MH 370 as fast as all available technology will allow for search and recovery.
The 777-ER broke a world record traveling over 12,000 miles in 1979. Since they don't know how much fuel it was carrying or if they went to single engine mode to conserve fuel, I highly recommend you put away the crack pipes.
And why would they not know how much fuel it was carrying? That is part of the flight and load plan!
I don't get your point either. Speed would be the more unknown variable. they know how long it flew and certain lines of position. unfortunately the lop's were parallel to track and not perpendicular which would have given a better location. It's just a matter of making certain assumptions about speed and altitude.
There is only one Nation that can afford this expensive search for flight MH370, and that Nation is not the U.S. Said Nation, is now preparing their retaliation.
Interesting since there is no PROOF it went down..............
How many times have we heard "...we are confident..." with respect to this? It is hard to trust anything reported.
So Mysterious....... I hope they find this plane soon so it can give the families peace