When flight 1549 landed in the Hudson the captain said that he didn't close the vents prior to landing that would have kept it floating longer, but he said that the landing on the water tore holes bigger than those vents in the underside of the plane, so it wouldn't have mattered anyway. If the only thing they find is luggage then that would probably be consistent.
I am also thinking that because they found this piece sooner than expected per the charts, that they need to search more north of their most northern search zone, because of the shorter time that it took the debris to reach the Island. It looks like it ended up there because of the S. equatorial current, so the closer to that current the faster it would have reached that island.
I'm not sure if you watched the interview clip included in this story,but I can't conceive of her actually thinking anyone would be alive at this point. I'm not saying this to be cruel, but this simply isn't possible. If the plane crashed in the ocean, clearly after a year there would be no one living. From what I understand you can survive at most perhaps a week at sea, but without food or water, that's the limit. If not a crash in the ocean, the other possibility would be (obviously) a crash/landing on land. However from what I understand about the flight paths that were calculated, this would be impossible. Of course those flight paths are guesses. Unless somehow this plane simply teleported to some unknown place and everyone on board is mysteriously alive and well, I don't see how anyone could realistically have hope given the time frame. Again, I'm trying to belittle or make light of the situation, but I think we simply at this point have to commend their souls to the Lord.
Same idea that families held out hope 45 years after the Viet Nam War that MIAs were still alive, lost in the jungle. Not possible. Very sad for all involved.
One theory floating around when the plane went missing was that it was hijacked and forced to land, and that all on board were possibly being held as hostages. While I'm not sure of how likely a scenario such as this might be the case, I don't think it's utterly ridiculous. And perhaps a situation like this is what has been giving her (and people in her position) a glimmer of hope over the past year.
Paul: I considered writing about that in my post, but decided not to, only because, at least to me, it doesn't seem plausible. I'm not ruling out hi-jacking as an initial cause of the disappearance, but I don't think it's realistic that anyone is alive after this time. IF the plane was hi-jacked, and IF it managed to actually land somewhere safely, what would be their motivation to not say ANYTHING to anyone? There has been no claims of responsibility, no ransom demands of any kind. Where would these passengers be? What would they be doing? All of the are enjoying a great life somewhere and they're all sworn to secrecy to not say anything? That's the part of a hi-jacking that doesn't make sense, but I suppose until something substantial is found it can't be definitively ruled out.
It's the spiritual, immortal substance of a human being that animates one's body.
only a total dumbssa like the residents of this looney bin would think such a stupid thing was a possibility.
Oily: What is your post in response to? I'm confused.
How does it make sense that the passengers, a year later are being held as hostages? some one actually thinks there is a glimmer of hope that the passengers are still alive, being held in some warehouse hidden someplace where no one would suspect they are there? Really? What group would there be who would keep these people for all this time, feeding them, keeping them alive, even barely? For what end purpose would that serve? I'm curious, what possible reason could there be? Especially after all this time?
ChicoC: I agree with you completely. That's precisely why I don' think this is even remotely a possible scenario.
Let's see here: (1) There have only been three known accidents involving Boeing 777 aircraft and, as far as I know that particular wing part is accounted for on two of the three accident aircraft and all other operational 777 aircraft. (2) The part found bearing a 777 part number is pretty likely to NOT BE from some other aircraft make or model. SO...using a little logic....My 1st guess is that it IS a part of the missing Malaysian aircraft. My second guess is that it won't show the base cause of the accident.
I created this replica and placed it there to confuse ppl
What IS certain is that it's not a flapperon from Amelia's plane...
Initially, the news pundits indicated that the "flaperon" represented by this piece of wreckage was in landing configuration. This suggests that the plane was attempting a water landing when it came apart. The Southern Ocean is vast, the storms are fierce, and there only a few spots of dry land west of Australia within reach of the 777's range. Stealing that aircraft and attempting to set it down near one of those specks is beginning to appear all the more plausible.
News pundits........I'll wait for real experts who've had hands on......
If it was really in landing configuration, it wouldn't have been found looking like that. I'm quite willing to bet that if it is confrimed to be the missing piece it was tumbling by itself already when it hit the water. I'm guessing the plane had broken apart before landing.
"broken apart before landing"...But no floating seat cushions, no debris washed up anywhere, no bodies, no luggage washed up anywhere, no oil slick on the ocean. Nothing. There should be plenty of debris everywhere.
I decided to see if the flaperons survived when flight 1549 landed in the Hudson, and from the photos I see it looks like they are missing from at least one side of the plane, so I think it's possible it was torn off if mh370 was ditched in the ocean.
It's not just possible, it's a fact. It has a part number on it, 657-BB, and the 777 maintenance manual shows that this part number belongs to a flaperon on the 777. Since there are no other 777's missing, there's only one possible contributor - MH370.
There has been theories of how the plane ended up in the ocean did it nose dive, or was it ditched/landed, and so by looking at 1549 and the fact that it looks like its missing at least one flaperon when they pulled it out of the hudson, it's sounding more like a water landing than a nose dive crash. It would be interesting to compare the flaperron of flight 1549 to this newly found piece even though they are different planes the type of damage may be very similar.
While PN's are important, the S/N is even more important. That's where the document trail starts. What's the S/N on the data tag?
OK, I'm really sorry but if you stop reading what media compiles for you (full of mistakes and just virally copy-pasting whatever snippet they find from the previous media source) and start putting the data from different sources together, this whole story just no longer adds up. Let me start by saying that 1. I hope this is the missing part and 2. I'm pretty sure it is, HOWEVER, consider all this : This photo with the serial number showing is rather elusive, rarely shown. Go look for it The wing is closed on both sides, yet the photo was taken inside almost as soon as the media were on to this, did they break the piece open before sending it to the lab? The original number quoted (see Tytelman who had photos sent to him immediately) as found on the piece was BB670 not BB657. Tytelman received documents from a 777 and saw perfect similarity and from then on the media were on a roar. Only, other experts confirm that by looks, many other wing parts would also perfectly match. Then suddenly, surprise surprise, a photo pops up of a serial number BB657 which happens to correspond to a 777 part. You are invited to google the list of parts and wing drawings that accompany any article discussing this number and you will be struck by a few things. Firstly, EVERY media article talks of BB657 as being a flaperon, it ISN'T, look at the list, it's a flaperon leading edge panel of dimensions 14x5 (feet I suppose)! Ok it's probably broken in two. This part provides access to the flaperon actuator and isn't actually attached to the flaperon. So, I'm afraid, unless someone can come up with good answers, I think the photo of BB657 isn't from this found piece and some guy made a quick buck selling a pic he made during maintenance one day. Most serious people are willing to wait until the lab does its research, and for good reason, anyone can be up to anything beforehand. And I repeat, I think and hope it is what we think it is but that's no reason to believe everything you are shown or told. As I said, EVERY media source has carried on the calling a flaperon leading edge panel a flaperon. So much for research, proofreading and checking.
just the basic facts says it is part of MH370. First, there is only one(1) missing 777 in the world at the moment. Second this does in fact appear to be a part of a 777. Conclusion: it is a part from flight MH370. Beyond that there is a lot to learn about what happened.
It is a part from a 777. The part number on it, 657-BB, was matched to a part number in the 777 maintenance manual that is a flaperon
After much investigations, experts conclude, with high probability, the evidence points to the plane crashing into the sea.
Y even comment if all you're going to do is quote to the article?
Cheap Yahoo The invitation says "experts weigh in" I see not one expert among the many people they have asked to comment, just public figures and peripheral people. Is it SO hard to get someone with knowledge to speak out and make statements about what could be possible, or not and explain why things are now as they are?
If you want to see a pretty informative expert discussion piece on it, go to Thursday's edition of PBS Newshour...I'd post the link, but the Yahoo idiots seem to delete posts with links..
I have an idea! Why not wait until the mystery is solved???
which will happen how? by everybody waiting?
We will never truly know. This is most likely part of the plane. No telling what really happened the plane until the crash site is found. I don't discount nor promote a cover ups, disinformation at it's best.
7 precious days were lost in trying to locate the debris in the South China Sea. When the RMAF Chief reported that the aircraft took a sudden U turn and flew back over Malaysia, his civilian bosses probably told him to shut up! It's only after the ping of INMERSAT that the search area was changed to the Indian Ocean.
Unlike secondary radar, primary (aka military) radar doesn't track the aircraft identity. They seen it was like a civilian aircraft, but they were not sure whether it was MH370.
There is only one and only one missing Boeing 777 plane,, This is a part of that missing plane . Now can we proceed onward- ? Not just sell newspapers?
What's the mystery? There is only one 777 missing in the world and this part is from a 777.
The media just can't wait until confirmation is made through the serial number(s). They will do anything to keep the story alive even if just guessing from experts who have not seen the item except through photographs.
Come on.. I mean really.. Do the logic here How many Bowing 777's have lost spoilers over the Indian ocean, any ocean for that matter? and how many are unaccounted for??? So when the number comes up to just 1 plane.. I think it's logical to say it has to be from that MH370 aircraft. Also date the barnacles on the piece, see how long they have been attached.. there are ways to test that and there should be numbers on parts in that spoiler. Bowing doesn't throw unused spoilers in the ocean.
I was flying my 777 over there just the other day when my wing fell off........
yeah..if it is a 777 part, it's odds-on to be from #370..
@Jabber you are a moron who has no common since nor decency. Take your useless tribe and stand in a busy intersection near your home.
The official search area was 5000 miles from la Réunion. At least 3 sources stated they saw the plane over Diego Garcia, which is on the way to La Réunion. How come those statements were discarded?
Chilly, I believe I saw the plane flying over a friends house in Arkansas, so it could not possibly have been seen flying over Diego Gracia's house I think you were given bad information.
Well they confirmed it was from a boeing 777.
As big as that piece is, it looks to be about 50 sq.ft., it seems it would have been spotted from all the planes or satellites that were involved in the original searches. Based on that, I'd say their theories of where the plane crashed are wrong and they have been searching in the wrong place.
Who knows when that piece broke off the plane ? Perhaps it was attached to the plane for months on the bottom before it broke free and floated through several hundreds of feet of water before surfacing miles away from the crash site, Ocean current models suport this theory. Jmo thanks
It could have been floating right at or just below the surface.
Can you eve believe that there were statements made from professionals that there are no other 777 planes missing in the entire world and yet they still wonder if this part which comes from a 777 is really the missing plane MH370. HELLOOOOOOOOOO
Theyre afraid to go on record that there is no other way for this type of part to end up in an ocean. For instance if it was never actually installed on a plane and is just a scrapped part.
No confirmation that this part is from a 777, genius. That's what the analysis is for.
i can eve believe on the eve of beliebers
My opinion, for what it's worth, is that this piece of debris almost certainly had to come from MH370. If a piece of wing flap of that size had fallen from any other airplane, it surely would have been reported and documented.
I totally disagree I think this is not from mh370 cause it size and coulur and it could of came from mh14 and tney moved it here you never no
Why does Sarah Bajc keep getting interviewed. Enough of her already and her ugly conspiracy theories, especially that the US was involved. She wasn't even a family member, just a girlfriend of only 2 years of one of the victims who had an actual family. She's done a huge disservice to the real families by pushing conspiracy theories like the victims are still alive. Enough of her already.
Grief will do that to you.
It is very simple, if this is a Boeing 777 part it will most definitely have a serial number on it and Boeing will most definitely have all the serial numbers associated with every part from every 777 it ever produced. The only possible way this will not happen is if the part itself is not fully intact and there are no other subassemblies also containing serial numbers within the build of the part pictured, and the non intact portion of the part had the serial number on it. Also, there is no way any criminal organization could "plant" this part because of the facts I touched on previously. It is not plausible for anyone outside of Boeing or the airline to have the correct serial numbers associated with this specific aircraft. That would take planning and industrial espionage of epic proportions.
By the way, the reason I know these facts is because I worked in production planning and manufacturing for a major aerospace and defense contractor for years. These things are documented and the records are required to be kept for years after the aircraft is no longer operational.
Adam--did you read the article--it does have a SN.
Yes I did. They think they have the part number. They mentioned nothing about if they have found the serial number on the part. Each part number has a unique serial number. So if you build 10 777's and each uses part number 1234, then the first 777 will contain part number 1234 with serial number 1, the second will contain part number 1234 with serial number 2, and so on. Every part number that is considered a major assembly or subassembly has its own serial number specifically in case something like this happens or the part goes bad and they can track the part by the serial number to see when it was made and the manufacturing history in order to research why something would have gone wrong. The only parts that do not have serial numbers are things like nuts, bolts, etc
Ad, Every manufacturer of no matter what has extra parts on hand or stored at locations around the planet where they would be available for repairs as needed. How do we know that this part was not a spare stolen from Boeing and planted.
It could definitely have been stolen and planted. But again, how do you then get the correct serial number associated with that specific plane? The only way to get it would be through Boeing records. The hull number of the plane will be used by investigators to pull up the part history of every single part on that plane and it will show the history of that specific part in the picture, and all the subassemblies that make up that part. When the plane was sold to the airline from Boeing they had a list of every serial number of every part used on the plane, and if a part was replaced for maintenance issues the airline would record which serial number it took off and which it put on. A terrorist would have to figure out the part number, which is hard enough, then would have to obtain the serial number history of the part number. Also, parts like that are usually made up of many subassemblies, each having their own serial number. You would have to obtain all those part numbers and corresponding serial numbers as well. It is not possible.
My guess is that Charles Widmore planted it in order to keep the true whereabouts of MH370 secret. He has the motive, resources and money needed to pull off something like this. My other (more serious) guess is that MH370 flew on autopilot after turning around over the South China Sea, heading towards Penang and then clearing the western coast of Malaysia. Military radar is supposed to have tracked the plane turning to a heading of about 300 (i.e., towards India and Sri Lanka) and then satellite analysis says it started heading south. My gut thinks it went southwest into the middle of the Indian Ocean. If I had to make a WAG, I'd say it ran out of fuel at a point about equidistant from the southern tip of India, Perth and Madagascar. Much further west from where the search is concentrating. I know that this goes against what the satellite data is supposed to show but the analysis could be flawed. It's based on some guess-work from what I understand. As to why the flight went missing in the first place: I don't subscribe this incident to anything other than a fire/equipment failure which incapacitated the flight crew. No hijacker, crazed pilot, conspiracy, aliens, black holes. Possibly lithium-ion batteries, burning tire(s) or electrical system fire caused the loss of life and aircraft.
First, if that piece of the wing really is part of a 777, then it's virtually guaranteed to have come from MH370, as no other 777's have ever been lost at sea anywhere in the world. Second, the marine life that was growing on the part seems to indicate that it has been in the ocean for a while, but not a real long time. After scientific analysis, if the estimate is "about a year," then it points again to MH370. Third, it may be possible to get some clues as to how the aircraft wound up in the water by analyzing the metal fractures, i.e., how the part was torn off the wing. Did the plane nose dive into the ocean, which would have obliterated it? Or did it successfully ditch, which may have left the fuselage intact? Finally, the water currents in the Indian Ocean are notoriously variable. The main current typically switches direction twice during the course of the year. This produces so much uncertainty that it's essentially impossible to trace the wing part back to any particular location. Thus it will be of no help in narrowing down the search area which is already impossibly huge.
Given the ubiquity of weather and other observational satellites, wouldn't it be possible to view the ocean currents over the course of time since the accident in order to backtrack the likely track of the debris?
Did you guys listen to the video--the guy predicted that the debris would be found near Reunion Island, so he had charted the currents from the get go.
I am not disagreeing with your hypothesis that this is from MH370 .... I personally agree it most likely from MH370... what I am disagreeing with is your facts....There have been 4 crashes of 777s at sea... the other three occurred in a different hemisphere... There is a minuscule possibility that this debris has floated around for some time
Bruce: Please verify your information. According to Aviation Safety Network, only one 777 has ever crashed at sea. Four other 777's crashed on land or were damaged on land beyond repair. I would give you the direct link but Yahoo does not allow it.
If it wasn,t part of that plane,they would have said so already. It only takes minutes to look up serial numbers any item of that plane.
It is almost certain this piece came from MH370 unless they subsequently find that it is not from a 777. All that tells you is the airplane went down in the Indian Ocean which everybody except conspiracy theorists already believed. And even the tinfoil hat guys will still have silly theories like it was shot down approaching Diego Garcia or that the wreckage was planted.
Well, if only one Boeing 777 is missing in the world, and this piece belongs to a Boeing 777 - then it looks like a duck and quacks like one. They need to start their sonar scans about 1000 miles south of the tip of India seeing how the currents in that ocean work, and how long it took for that piece to float to the island so far out. It's pretty simple to estimate seeing how Fukushima fishing boats travelled a set distance over a set time, given a set current. After seeing that current map on Yahoo's live stream today - it seems pretty obvious where to start looking.
The Navy knows exactly those currents. They have sensors reading this all over the globe. Interesting, they communicate with these sensors via sonar transponders.
Good call, you hear about sub sonar techs hearing sonar signatures halfway around the world - and none of them heard this transponder a year ago =/
I understand that it's believed/confirmed to be from a 777 so (unless Malaysia later back-paddles and says they were wrong) it would indicate it likely IS MG370, if no other 777 has ever gone missing and/or is not accounted for. However...beyond that...all these experts can "weigh in" all they want ahead of the official investigation. But most of this article is just reiteration of what little we already knew. Unfortunately I think it's also quite likely that there isn't much more that can be determined from just this piece of the wing, that could have drifted a very long ways.
What is with the games, they Should be able to tell immediately if this is a part of the Missing plane.
You know how they are. They're all fighting about who is going to be the one to make the announcement. And the media wants to drag it out as long as possible. Really, if it's from a 777, it's from MH370 because there is only one that crashed in that part of the world, and there have been no other ocean crashed 777's it could have come from
Are people stupid? Its confirmed to be from a 777, there's no other missing 777, it has to be MH370. So it hasn't been officially announced but it will be, just a formality.
It was announced this morning. BUT, parts DO fall off of planes.
Oh boy.....sure, like no one would have noticed a flaperon missing from an aircraft? Surely someone would have said, hey you know that might be our flaperon it fell off an aircraft flying over the Indian Ocean a while ago.....you know since its got marine life attached to it, it didn't just fall off recently. For crying out loud use your brain.
My understanding is the confirmation came from the Malaysian authorities. I"d believe Larry, Moe, and Curly before the Malaysian "authorities".
Malaysian authorities got their confirmation from Boeing, who were pretty confident its from a B777 aircraft. You believe Boeing don't you?
I'll believe Boeing when I hear it from them. Not through the grapevine. And "were pretty confident" doesn't cut it either with me.
The marking "657BB" isn't a part number. It's actually an access panel number used to identify which panels to open for maintenance and where to put them back at the end of the job. What they really need to find on there is a data plate that has a serial number. Then they can check the aircraft's records (build sheets, maintenance logs) to determine if that serial number matches the flaperon used on MH370.
Considering that there's only one 777 missing and could be assigned to this part, don't you think it likely that MH370 would be the only possible plane in this case? What other 777 do you know is missing?
The 777 has been flying for awhile has that part been changed out of another plane?
Fred....That's why maintenance records are kept.
I'm very sad for those lost but glad we can dismiss most of the conspiracy theories, namely: it was stashed away on Diego Garcia, it was remotely controlled and landed in a remote area of China because of stealth technology on board, it took the northern arc and was hidden in any of the -stans to perpetuate the next terrorist strike, it was in Russia because Putin needed the gold, it was abducted by aliens, or it was struck by a meteorite (I'm sure I missed many more)... The wing section certainly belongs to MH370 if it was a 777 because all other 777 crashes have been accounted for. Even if the plane is ever found, the black (orange) boxes might not reveal too many clues if they were deactivated. The only thing certain is media coverage will be nonstop for the foreseeable future. I was getting tired of the political rhetoric anyways. I do hope this find will provide some finality for the families and the true grieving process can begin.
All the internet airline pilots, engineers and mechanics are out in force today.
Is it MH370? Of course not! It's that OTHER Boeing 777 that went down in the Indian Ocean!
First of all if you don't know who Abel Danger is please take time to look up this information. Field McConnell a retired military pilot and David Hawkins who is a mechanical engineer and a forensic engineer have cracked this whole investigation wide open and have forwarded this investigation over to Michael Peter Huerta (born November 18, 1956) is the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and he refuses to take this pertinent information and to the next level. So what your seeing on the main stream media is rubbish and lies. Please look up "Abel Danger , Field McConnell, David Hawkins on You Tube and the truth will set you free!
very interesting.. why would the FAA not be interested in the work of Abel Danger and Field McConnell and David Hawkins?? on what day and in what manner was the invetigation forward to Michael Peter Huerta?
Why are they even wondering? There is only one missing Boeing 777 in the Indian Ocean.
Because they haven't confirmed that this part IS from a 777. That's what the analysis is for.
If this is not from MH370 than what other 777 lost a big #$%$ chunk of wing over the Indian Ocean?
hope it aint the one I'm flying on next week.i' m gonna look before I board.
I understand authorities being cautious about tying this piece of debris to MH370 in a definite way, but are there any other B777's flying over the Indian Ocean that are missing flaperons? If so, that might be a little more concerning than if it is from MH370.
I think you hit the nail on the head. After some pretty bad initial mistakes, the authorities are taking baby steps, which is the right way to go. Real facts and data. From a rational perspective, it can only be from MH370. But they need to have their facts and data crystal clear before making statements to the press.
Hard to believe there is not a serial number on the parts they found !! I would think a quick call to Boeing with a serial number would tell exactly what plane part came off of.
There IS a part number on it and Boeing DID say it't their number for their part.
One of the plates with numbers was missing from the side of the part. Hopefully there are others.
How long could it possibly take to compare a part number? I guess they want to drag this story out as long as they can! Some more questions about this whole aircraft disappearing thing! Now they can't look at a part number and say YES or NO! Feeding the conspiracy theory!
People keep hoping for closure for the relatives -- there is no closure -- you never get over it. Grief & loss can do stuff to your mind. One relative said he believes that his relative was not even ON MH370, that they had all been lied to. Denial is a shock absorber, a cushion, a protection, otherwise you would lose your mind. Some people get STUCK in denial.
So true. Grief frazzles the mind. You don't get it until you've been there.
We not completely dumb out here. If the part is from a 777, it has to be from MH370. We don't need three weeks of repetitive news stories on that. Also, it's not likely to shed much light on the location or cause of it going down, so we don't need three weeks of idle speculation either. Give us a break this time around and wait until you have something to actually report.
Agree 100%, John. You put it very clearly. Too bad the network big-wigs won't read this.
Wing Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing found in Reunion Island, From July 2014: Boeing 777 hoax: Although there were zero dead the total number of "women and girls" killed by the nazzos in Donetsk and Lugansk is more than ten times the illuminati media's "conservative estimate" of 626 until Jun 2014. news.yahoo.---/more-6-400-killed-amid-tremendous-hardship-ukraine-112335104.html BASICS All fake: from still ongoing Malaysia Boeing 777 downed over Ukraine to Boston Marathon bombings ending with anyone sentenced to death for anythin": "Putin" in the MAIN role to convince the audience that these are real events. Not to mention theater such as "FIFA Blatter reelected only to be arrested and jailed". Malaysia Boeing 777 downed over Ukraine The core lie of an event totally staged with actors: - a plane crashed, or in other words: there were not ZERO dead passengers. This is the core lie because exposing it implies exposing two underlying core lies: - "Putin" is NOT part of the conspiracy. - government of Republic of Donetsk, installed after the May 16 coup with russian Alexander Borodai as prime-minister, is NOT part of the conspiracy. Reminder: The most important reason to use fake instead of real victims is to have everyone in the cast say nothing but what is scripted. Had a real airliner been downed the victim's families would blame the obvious culprits not the scripted ones. ** end-times-reductionism.blog+spot -- 2014/07
That's with such comments that we know shrinks won't disappear anytime soon
Wow, go read about the 900-1100, England they were sure it was the ends of times then too.
Did they also spot Amelia Earhart there?
I'm the curious guy here. But does anyone think that maybe someone placed this part in the ocean along with the washed up luggage? What else are they finding in the ocean and ashore? Why after more than one year are they finding this. OK, if this MH370 went into the water you'd have floaters (passengers) along with other flotsam and jetsam of this aircraft. Even if this plane nosedived and managed to make the bottom (yes Indian Ocean is very deep). You still have parts of aircraft that would float to the surface. Also because of recurring currents in the worlds oceans it's probably easy to narrow down where these pieces originated over a period of time. My prayers and thoughts to the passengers and families of Malaysia Air flight MH370!!!!!!!
Evert, why is this rambling? This area is set up for readers comments. Who are you, where are you I'll find you and!!!!! That's rambling. Whats your thoughts on this Evert?
Paranoia is treatable. Conspiratorial delusions are also.......Maybe ObamACAre covers it. Either way....Seek help soon.
I'm with MLKafir, I too believe that someone hijacked the plane and has all the passengers held captive, and are keeping the plane hidden in a warehouse, feeding all those people and keeping them alive, even if barely, hidden someplace where no one would suspect, there are a lot of places in the world where a plane of this size could be landed and driven into some abandoned warehouse conveniently located off this hidden abandoned remote runway, to hide it and all the people too. They are now just getting to their real purpose in this event, so they broke off a piece of the wing, took someone's suitcase and busted it up, and some of its contents and then took it to this island beach and placed it all there so someone could find it. Their next move is to take another piece of the plane and someone's else's luggage and bring it to some other beach. Say, in the Caribbean to totally confuse the authorities. Then maybe next year they will take another piece of the plane and more contents and place it all on a beach in the Mediterranean Sea. But the curious thing is when will these captors make their demands known? maybe never. I think ISIS is behind this and it is their goal to have all these people hook up to produce babies who then could be raised Musilum and trained as terrorists to fight in the global Muslum war against the infidels. They will build their Army's and take over the globe, killing all infidels. I give it 25 years to mature to fruition, then watch out people's, the end will be near at that point.
And there you have it MLKafir, someone else, ChicoC who thinks like you. You two should get together and form a cult and you can sit around all day long conjuring up theories about how things work in the big, bad world.
Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure this one out.
What exactly is the conspiracy theory being, um, floated about this plane?
Your Malaysia Airlines ticket for a one way flight is truly one way.
There is only one 777 in existence that is unaccounted for, and it's highly unlikely a piece this size could have broken free of some other aircraft in flight. So at this point, it's reasonable to conclude that the scenario that was most likely all along it true: Someone (very likely a flight crew member) took control of the plane and steered it (or, more likely, laid in a auto-pilot course) to the middle of the southern Indian Ocean. It's also likely they depressurized it at high altitude to incapacitate everyone else on board (and, after the autopilot was engaged, perhaps themselves as well). It crashed in a tremendously remote area of the sea when its fuel ran out. Their purpose seems to have been to intentionally make the plane vanish from the earth. Why they did it will never be known, and the main wreckage is still likely not to be found for many years. It's not a terribly satisfying outcome, but it's the facts we have.
Well, if it depressurized, they didn't necessarily do it consciously.
Parts like flaperons DO fall off planes sometimes. I know... unnerving to hear, but that's what an aviation expert said yesterday on the news. I'm sure those type of events are well documented though, so they could just go back through the records and see if any parts of this number have fallen off any 777's. If they are all accounted for, then this is MH370.
Hopefully conclusive evidence will soon be forthcoming. Until then I will stay skeptical.
The only catch is that the pilot or pilots involved in ditching the plane never gave or left any clues as to their intentions. Terrorists would likely take credit for this, but a lone suicidal person would like to go out without taking credit for his actions. But why would a suicidal person feel the need to kill all of those innocent people? It seems to be happening a lot lately in the USA.
John, when was this happening in the USA?
A Boeing 747 broke apart and sank near Maritus in 1987. Too me, that wing panel looks old.
People! This part is an undisputed flap belonging to a 777...no other 777 has gone missing...therefore it must belong to the missing plane. If this had fallen off another plane, that plane would have gone down accounting for an additional missing plane which it has not...Think!!!
Its still a horrendous tragedy. Useless waste of many wonderful innocent productive people including sweet loving children. Oh my. I dont wish judge but please feel free to burn in hell
John, I can think of two other incidences in which suicidal pilots have taken an entire airplane filled with passengers to their deaths. Egypt Air Flight 990, a Boeing 767 in October, 1999 and more recently, the Germanwings Airbus A320, Flight 9525 in March of this year. Additionally, in December of 1987, a disgruntled employee wh had just been fired from Pacific Southwest Airlines, commandeered a BAE146, Flight 1771, at gunpoint, killed the crew and flew the plane and passengers into the ground. And that is not to mention the 9/11 hijackers. It makes you feel a whole lot safer about flying, doesn't it ?
Irmen23 - YOU'D better "Think!!!". A flaperon falling off of a 777 in and of itself will NOT cause it to "go down".
There have been three crashed 777s What happens to the pieces after the investigation is completed, They are sold to recyclers who may ship the metal to anywhere in the world where there is a high bidder. It may have fallen off a ship carrying scrap to china.
@Jbear...that's really a stretch...bury the conspiracy theories...the Capt (& FO?) are the prime suspect(s). The plane is somewhere SOUTH in the Indian Ocean.
Doug, I know it is a stretch, but can you confirm that the two crashed 777's have not been scraped. That's a lot of money just sitting around, and there are a lot of people who collect and sell scrap aluminum.
Jbear's theory is actually plausible.. The pieces on the island, even though they look old don't have any sea life remains on them. In contrast, pieces that floated from the tsunami that hit japan at Fukashima and eventually hit the US were encrusted with barnacles and sealife. This means that either 1. They've been on that island on there for a very long time and nobody has noticed it until now or never cared to tell anybody if they did notice it. If it did crash, it must have crashed near that island to be in that condition. or 2. It crashed near that island and someone moved it to that location 3. It is trash from another plane and misidentified as being from a 777 that was moved to that location, more than likely dumped. 4. It is a flap that fell off a plane around that location or 5. it was planted there. If you don't want to believe in conspiracy theories, then the most logical explanation would be #3 or #4.
@ JB, MH 17 is still an active investigation, no way are any parts being sold for scrap. Way too early for the Asiana accident too. Remember, the hulls must be protected as long as legal litigation is pending or accident boards are still determine cause and potential systems failures. That only leaves MH 370.
Doug, right the Ukrainians and Russians I m sure are cooperating with us. They were looting for valuables before the fires were out. They sell scrap over there too.
What is important is to not decide on anything until all of the facts are in.. no fact no belief.. what is needed is for everybody to keep thinking ..just where could this part have come from..
@ JB the path from Russia to China doesn't go via the Indian Ocean. I won't waste any more time trying to convince you. When they match a part serial number from that wing structure to 370 maybe you will reconsider. I move on.
What about spares? There are spare parts for the 777 all over the world and no doubt spare of this part as well. We need a S/N match. Anything less and we have nothing.
If Malaysian authorities say it's from 370, then it has to be. They've been right on top of things since day one.
Mysteries are high season for the pessimists to deliver their negative karma. Why not happily welcome first signs to bring light into the drama?
Until there is a body? I understand that she doesn't want to give up hope but come on, where have they been for 16 months?!
Is it MH370? What a stupid question. Is there another missing Boeing 777 out there?
Ask the Barnacles attached to it.
So they put the wing in the ocean for a while so the Barnacles will form, incase they need to plant this wing at some future date. It's not that complicated.
"Debris brings MH370 mystery 'closer' than ever to answers" My goodness...if this isn't the most overhyped headline ever. One piece of debris - which still hasn't been definitively linked to MH370 - and suddenly we have 'answers'. We have ZERO answers. We still have a missing aircraft with 239 passengers and no location, cause, or anything else as to why it disappeared. C'mon people...
(BEA) is the official organisation responsible for safety investigations into civil aviation accidents and incidents that occur on French territory. Over the years, a number of provisions have been adopted under the auspices of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) to organize investigations into accidents and, since 1994, into incidents. In reality, as far as aviation safety is concerned, the international dimension is unavoidable, so frontiers cannot be a barrier. International cooperation is thus essential. These provisions are mainly included in Article 26 of the Convention on International Civil Aviation and in Annex 13 to this Convention. The general organization of investigations is codified, as are the rules relating to the notification of events and the presentation and publication of the results. In particular, States must start an investigation in case of a civil aviation accident or serious incident on their territory. It is specified that "The sole objective of the investigation of an accident or incident shall be the prevention of accidents and incidents" and that "It is not the purpose of this activity to apportion blame or liability". Close association between the representatives of the States of Registry, Operation, Design and Manufacture of the aircraft is organized. This brings to the State that is leading the investigation useful skills and information and allows for feedback that is as fast and complete as possible in terms of safety. Annex 13 specifies that information of a personal nature gathered during the investigation, such as recordings of onboard conversations or medical dossiers for example, must not be used for any other purpose than safety. European Regulation (EU) n°996/2010 of the European Parliament and Council of 20 October 2010, on investigations and the prevention of accidents and incidents in civil aviation, which replaced directive 94/56/THIS, published in the Official Journal of the European Union of 12 November 2010, came into force on 2 December 2010. This regulation follows on from the Convention on International Civil Aviation and the aforementioned Annex 13 by stating and integrating their definitions of the fundamental notions and their principle « recommended standards and practices . It confirmed the authority of safety investigation authorities and their national character, instituted a network grouping together these authorities, organized the participation of the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) and the national civil aviation authorities of Member States in investigations, and set out new procedures for exchange of information between the various parties involved in aviation safety, as well as between them and the public. In addition, coordination is ensured between the investigation authorities of its 44 Member States by the European Conference on Civil Aviation (ECAC). The Transport Code and the Civil Aviation Code respectively determine the legislative and regulatory provisions relating to the organization of investigations, the status of the investigation authority and the prerogatives of its Director and its investigators. These provisions are subject to the provisions of the aforementioned European regulation in those parts of the national territory where this regulation is applicable (Metropolitan France and its overseas departments, excepting Mayotte).
Here are some questions which must be answered (assuming that the debris is from MH370): How long has this debris been on the beach?; How long has this debris been in the water?; From which direction did the currents carry the debris from?
Currents in the Indian Ocean make a counterclockwise loop. They would have carried debris in the appropriate direction at approximately the appropriate speed. The size of the barnacles on it suggests the fragment had been in the water a considerable period. It all fits pretty well.
Randal - Beachcombr answered two of your questions. "How long has this debris been on the beach?" can be answered by the (hired) beach clean-up people that found it......How often do they do this job? Once a week? Once a month? This question is for them to answer.
But we've already known that it went down somewhere in the Indian Ocean for 18 months. What CNN needs to do is hire another army of overpaid "analysts" to discuss this 24/7 for the next month, regardless of what else happens in the world. I love when Mary Schiavo repeatedly dismisses any notion that the pilot was a total wacko and had anything to do with it. I want to hear that over and over again for the entire month of August.
You should call 911 to report that you are being forced to watch CNN.
@waterlogged - No worries. I'm sure that CNN will soon come to their senses and realize that only you, of all people in the world, can solve this mystery for them. LOL
Never understood why people complain about a news station. I would think if you didn't like it that much you just wouldn't watch it.
Bluesky...Not with CNN watchers. They are mesmerized and forced to sit with their eyes glued to the screen 24/7.
Leroy, kind of like Fox News which is owned by the Saudi Prince and Robert Murdoch. I mean nothing say's republican patriotism like allowing an Australian and Muslim Prince to manipulate, deceive and divide Americans for profit and ratings.
I like to keep up on what the idiots are doing. Have a problem with that?
@RE: How much will CNN pay me to do just that? The pilot was as nutty as the #$%$ Lufthansa pilot and deliberately turned the plane toward the open ocean after he disabled all communication. And that was for free.
yes the part is from MH370. I am 100% sure that the flight went down to Indian Ocean.
Meanwhile CNN's Wolf Blitzer is flying out to Reunion for an exclsuive interview with the piece of wing flap.
I thought he was being transported by a black hole.
Is he taking the mobil situation room with him?
Amazing! I hope they find the rest of the plane. Such a difficult task to accomplish.
This French inquisition is proceeding at a very uncertain slow snails pace. The French need to enlist the help of the more knowledgeable English.
So called Aviation Crash Expert' can't find an Easter even if it was hidden on a sidewalk. All the media especially CNN uses these jerks every time their is a crash, trying to make us that it is 'Breaking News'.
If it's part of a 777, and MH370's 777 is the only one in the world unaccounted for, then there you go. I understand that they can't or don't want to make any formal announcements before they have all of their facts straight, but really, the puzzle pieces are all right there and they don't really fit any other way. For the families' sake, I hope they confirm it soon. They've been living in agony for too long. Please, give them closure.
Well, the first aspect (is it a part of a 777?) has yet to be confirmed. Analysis will confirm it.
If you watched the video Lauren, one that was interviewed said that he felt that the announcement can't come too soon (fear of "jumping the gun"). So they want to wait until it's been proven 100% that it was from a 777 & that it was indeed from MH370.
Of all 777's built, only one is missing. This is not a difficult conclusion.
Malaysian authorities said that it's from a 777. In my opinion, they don't have much credibility. I think it more likely to be from a 747 that crashed near Mauritus.
It also tell's you how well the boeing 777 is built. ... so why is this one missing... yet we have even more information about our planet and currently know and can can cover our planet more that we have ever done. Remember those reports of people saying that phones were ringing days afterwards... is that an event accounting error in the propaganda program?.
Since it's indisputably a 777 part, with the correct 777 part number stenciled on, and there are no other missing 777's in the world, any further analysis would simply reconfirm what we already know.
Who says it is? Malaysia? Boeing?
It is nothing but a joke. A part of a plane is found in some unknown Island. A big crate has to be built to transport the part to France by plane for identification. Why can an engineer be taken to the part instead?
I want closure for the families, so I hope it is it.
So all the parts of the airplane arer reuniting on this one island? Reunion Island
To those who think it can only be a conspiracy and not one of the pilots didn't the German pilot do the same thing?
Hoping this will be a good news for the grieving relatives and friends.
NR....I don't think it will be "good news" for anybody. I think, best case, the relatives and friends will have confirmation on what they already know deep in their hearts.
It's a plain but still doesn't answer the question why this plane flew off course for hours before disappearing.
I can't stop being amazed at how illiterate some journalists can be. "But Dolan cautioned it would be difficult to determine why the plane disappeared from the debris." I had to read this five times to understand what they meant. "...the plane disappeared from the debris" makes no sense at all. Why is it so hard to say it the right way: "But Dolan cautioned it would be difficult to determine from the debris why the plane disappeared."
Come on, this is Yahoo, land of the drop out journalist and long gone editor. I failed English and can write better than 90% of the "writers" they have.
Relax, look at this vast area on Indian Ocean. It is still two or even four years before they find the black boxes.
You would think that they would apply a plane serial number on major parts like this, as well as applying a part number.
Even if they can locate the general area they believe the plane went down its 1000's of feet deep with under water mountains and valleys. It still will be difficult but at least a new direction.
They are already trying to speculate on the entire crash based on this one insignificant piece of the plane.
They already know and are letting family members know first.
Either intentional criminal act of some sort or cabin decompression similar to what happened to Helios Airways Flt. 522!
Besides Reunion, there are quite a few other islands in the Seychelles. This will probably set off quite a bit of interest on all of the islands in the area to do some beach combing and looking for parts. Give it some time. Maybe someone will find some more parts.
I'm willing to volunteer my time hanging out on the beach in the Seychelles.
The fact of the matter nobody knows how long this piece of the plane was there and that is truly sad. I hope and pray that this will give the families some sort of closure that they now know they are on the other side of the curtain. May GOD give all of the family members of these people the strength they need to go through this trying time as I am certain HE will!!!
At one time Australia and Malaysia were both certain that the plane will be found in the South Indian Ocean like they predicted. Now, they are very certain that the debris found 4,500 miles away is part of the missing plane. I hope their guess will turn into fact this time.
If its a 777 flaperon, the only unaccounted for ones (that I'm aware of) are from MH370 so its a good bet. As for being 4500 miles away. You realize that water in oceans move. Even if it were 4500 miles (and I think its more like 3000), given that its been under water for 500 days, thats 9 miles per day, or roughly 3/4 of a mph. Ocean currents are probably more like 5-6 mph, and in the correct direction to move it there. So it's not a big shock that some parts of the aircraft would show up on the island assuming it hit the water where they thought it did.
What about doing some searching closes to La Reunion Islands, maybe the plane flow that direction.
bert, where would you search for it... For it took 500 days for that to wash up, its probably not close by... Given how expensive and time consuming it is to search under the water, I don't think anyone would randomly search closer to the Reunion Islands. Especially since there is no evidence it flew in that direction.
No mystery here, just a poorly written article. Since the other two B 777 accidents were either shot down or crashed through inept pilots there can only be one B 777 with parts floating in the Indian Ocean. Or maybe it is really parts of an Alien ship and "they" are just telling us it is a B 777 part.
The idiot host saying "very good" in response the the buffoon comment that an ebola vaccination is last year's problem, why is she a journalist, you could see the two professionals just wanting to facepalm over her idiotic questions about the plane crash earlier in the interview. Why do people with an IQ of 70 get to conduct interviews?
I hope this helps to bring some closure to the relatives and friends. NOTE: it is interesting we are allowed to comment on this article however on the political Yahoo sites, ie. Katie Curic and others there is no comment section, consequently I don't even read those articles because there is no "fair and balanced" position - all LIberal progressive, one sided, and socialistic.
I have noticed that too Shelby. That's Yahoo's way of silencing any opposition to their political agenda. Maybe Yahoo should be renamed Pravdahoo.
Calculation: If the flaparon ( wing pic.) travel at 6 miles a day for 500 days from the east and arrive a week to ten days at Reunion island. That's where you are suppose to be looking it's about a three thousand nautical miles west of the island and an area of a thousand square miles.
I don't know what to believe when it comes to the news and the media anymore. It's all a bunch of bs now.
People, this isn't that hard. A part this size has numerous serialized part numbers on it and all can be easily traced to the aircraft they belong to. In this case, a quick check of the records of either Boeing or Malaysia airlines will tell us. This could have been accomplished within the first 12 hours after discovery. Someone is dragging their feet.
@French: those part and/or serial numbers may not be visible without disassembling the wreckage, which should only be done by experts under well-controlled and documented conditions.
The part is made of composite materials so if the metal tag came off, it might be hard to get numbers.
The data plate should be visible on the outside of the part, but only if it's still attached and hasn't been corroded by seawater so much as to be rendered unreadable.
Per pictures on an airline/pilot forum, the serial number plate should be on the middle flat part on the end. In the pictures there seems to nothing there or else the investigators would have easily seen it. So they'll probably have to look for production date codes, manufacturer codes, and other stamps on the components. This part is made of composites for the 777.
I worked on aviation maintenance for 45 years. All major components of an aircraft have data plates riveted on them. The data plate has the part number and serial number of that part along with a lot of other information. The serial number will be specific to that particular aircraft. All they need is a part with the data plate, send the part number and serial number to the airline and somebody with a computer should be able to confirm it in about five minutes.
And MAS has said that they have confirmed that the part number on this part is a part number that is used on a 777.
All 777 in the world have that part, is the part that was installed on MH370? That's what they need to confirm.
What other 777 that you know ,of has crashed in that area or in the ocean at all?
IronO, how many 777s are missing a flap? (I'm a little worried about flying on any planes you worked on, considering your reasoning ability.).
It sounds like you don't know anymore about aviation that you know about the theory of relativity. Sure, everybody knew that plane went down in that area, but talk to the NTSB sometime, the foreign agency that is working this probably uses the same investigative techniques. I have worked with the NTSB after crashes here. Something that looks cut and dried to me will take them two days to come to a conclusion, they leave no stone unturned and look at everything from several different perspectives. Why do you think they try to put an entire aircraft back together after a crash....to find out what happened. Go back to your computer games and don't bother me anymore.
But IronO, they have a point regarding 777 crashes...what are 777s crashes are there missing at sea? And if it is a 777 flaperon...which 777s arrived at destination from flying over water, and noticed a flap missing ? Your own comments about rebuilding wrecks from pieces after crashes to determine cause, are at cross purposes to the subject. In other words, Yeah, they do, so what?
airlive Piece of wing found on La Réunion Island could be #MH370 Boeing 777 flaperon Pic of the retrieved falperon and the part number on it, and a pic of the 777 maintenance manual that shows the same flaperon with the same part number
There are probably a couple of dozen spares floating around in the world let alone parts from scrapped 777's. What if this one was planted? I agree, until there is concrete proof that this part came from the actual A/C used for MH370, we are jumping to a conclusion that is not supported by facts. Even then, let's say the MH370 was hijacked and landed somewhere - - nothing prevents the bad guys from taking this part off and planting it where it was found.
Every single part on the aircraft has a serial and or item number stamped on them along with other information . I work for an airplane company in Everett, Wa. that builds this plane. this part has been floating in the ocean for over a year and probably has covered thousands of miles I don`t think it will lead to finding the remains but its a good start.
the Beoing 777 from MH370 could have been chopped up and dropped anywhere or any part from a 777 could be sprinkled on the ocean to be found later so the book can be closed on MH370.
There are probably a couple of dozen spares floating around in the world let alone parts from scrapped 777's. -- true...I see 777 parts in sidewalk junk piles all the time..
"Could have" doesn't mean "must have.":There is absolutely no reason for anyone to do that. The probability of that happening is close to absolute zero. Are there any people on Yahoo who aren't so mentally ill that they they think everything is some kind of conspiracy?
then why the searchers are given all the wrong places to search? Why satellites thought they saw something on the ocean but turn out to be some ropes and debris. Remember those fathom 'ping'. They almost locked in the black box and then the ping were pings from sea turtle being tracked by zoologist.
why isn't more debris wash up on the French island? Shouldn't the satellite able to find thousands of MH370 debris floating after impact?
then why the searchers are given all the wrong places to search? -- because noone knew where it went down, and their guesses and hunch-calculations were wrong? Because it is a big remote ocean? Because all of that makes perfect sense, and your loony theories make none at all?
Obviously, you didn't follow the news when this was going on, so let me fill you in. They had no clear indication where the aircraft went down and had to guess based on data they had never before used to conduct a search for an aircraft. There is a lot of junk in the ocean and because they are looking for about 300 human beings, they left no stone unturned. Other things in the ocean can make pings that sound like what they were looking for. There is nothing mysterious going on here. That's all in your imagination, and medication can fix it for you.
Just because they didn't go right to the aircraft when it went down or didn't know where it went down does not mean there was any attempt to hide it. There are other, MORE RATIONAL explanations why that happened.
Everybody take a deep breath.....All I was trying to say in the first post was that they have to PROVE that the parts they are finding are from MH370 and that can be PROVEN by a serial number trace from the parts found. If they find enough then reconstruct the aircraft and try to find out what went wrong.
And the Boeing folks are on their way to France at this time to do exactly that. It will likely be done before the weekend is over. We know it's from a 777, and there are not any other 777's missing other than this one, so it's a no brainer that it is from MH370. I don't know why some people are so dumb they can't connect the dots. They will eventually find the aircraft, and it will take them less time than it would have if they had never found this part.
I guess it's easier for some folks to have the media tell them what to think rather than use their intelligence and common sense to think for themselves and connect the dots on their own
Not too many people using their brains on this comment section. So many folks ready to close the book and think this plane crashed and that's that....
It did crash, and it will be found in the Indian Ocean
Some people not using their brains on this comment section. So many folks ready to dream up loony conspiracy theories because they're so mentally ill they think everything is a conspiracy.
I like how people are saying Boeing or France donated a spare part, cultured it in the ocean for a year (to get the ocean "patina" of barnacles) and then dropped it on this beach. Some people need psychiatric help. You're #$%$ your own imaginations for your own benefit.
"Over the last 16 or 17 months, any floating debris would have dispersed quite markedly across the Indian Ocean," And yet, the media would have us believe there must be a link between the wing piece and all sorts of other crap that "turned up" at exactly the same time.
Surely that plane was outfitted with serial numbers, unique to each component of a particular plane. Call it a tin foil spectacular all you want but until someone from Boeing identifies absolutely that that wing is in fact from MH370, this remains as what is KNOWN: The day before the flight, pilot watched his mentor, Amwar Ibraham have his acquittal overturned and head back to prison. Ibraham is the founder of the Muslim Brotherhood in the US. The pilot had a flight simulator in his garage and was proven to be practicing low level flying. Cell phone dings near the Maldives. Boeing noted that plane was equipped with a sensor that was activated if the plane hit water. It never went off. Fisherman reports. Never investigated. Pilot's wife and children mysteriously off the radar since disappearance. So even if Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss of Australia is trying to sell to the dumb downed public that this is 99.99% positive MH370, I am not buying it.
Boeing is not going to say anything different than those who are well qualified to determine what this is and where it came from. You're just grasping at straws.
"Boeing is not going to say anything different than those who are well qualified to determine what this." LOL, for the record, it is Boeing who is well qualified to say what it is. I cannot imagine someone would be better qualified than Boeing to identify Boeing's plane.
Yes, I understand that this might be part of the wreckage. The problem is that last March, and for at least two months after that, the news was saturated with the MH370 story to the point that everyone's eyes glazed over. The story of MH370, which was huge, and indeed important, cancelled itself out with over-coverage. People felt that the news networks, and especially CNN, all but tricked viewers after a certain point into watching non-stop. And who benefits? Their advertiser sponsors. Now everyone is skeptical, and saying to themselves about the news networks' coverage of this plane part: "Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me."
I am sure CNN has "BREAKING NEWS" about this.....and will for the next 2 weeks. I don't watch them anymore. They are Media Hype to the fullest extent.
the media very quickly went on to the next subject...their coverage of this tragedy was disgusting and fruitless, they knew nothing yet went on 24/7! if American media was more like bbc and spent more time reporting on world events and more important news stories than kim kartrashian and taylor swift, then maybe, when a tragedy happens or big story breaks, they can handle it professionally...and also realize that there are other things to report on as they wait on new information, instead of standing in front of 3d plane graphics and hanging out in flight simulators.
They report on what is going to bring them audiences and money. The more people watch, they report on the subject for weeks.
You're back, so "shame on you'.
What happened to the pinging the Chinese supposedly heard back in the beginning? I'm sure there wasn't another lost plane in the area.
That's a very good point, about networks and advertisers, over exposing the story for "commercial" gain. That could explain a bunch about why many stories get run into the ground. Less about channels being conservative and liberal, and more, about them playing stories their views want to watch. Kind of sad.
The "Malaysian authorities" are blowing smoke. While it is probably from MH370, they don't really know that.
Are there any Malaysian authorities on the island? Are any Malaysian authorities, authorities on the structure of a 777? They are eager to be first to give the news, makes them look great. Better bring some towels to wipe that egg off.
20 employees of a semi-conductor manufacturing firm, which develops components for hi-tech weapons systems and aircraft navigation among other things, were on board the missing Malaysian passenger jet. On board Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 were employees from Freescale Semiconductor, a Texas-based technology firm. Which is believed to have been purchased by the United States Miltary It is also believed that the patent owner was also on board and that left Mr. Bilderberg, Illuminati leader the now new owner of this particular warfare invention
That theory never made sense. Why would mainly Malaysian citizens, based in Malaysia, who were being sent to the Chinese facilities be the keys to some top secret US government program? That company is headquartered in Texas, and you can bet the people working on any defense projects are US citizens based in the US. They make tons of plain old semiconductor chips, which is why they have factories in China. The definitely don't make any sensitive stuff there.
..its supposed to be patent wars ... its now possible to to inherit patents which could be worth billions in example 15 years .....this is good safe inheritance money... what would you do with a patent for a cure of cancer or AIDS. imagine that ... a document worth billions of not trillions .... space travel is not a joke anymore.
Gadgetroid, though patents must be issued to individuals, employees of companies usually assign the rights to those patents to the companies that they work for as a condition of employment. So Apple owns the rights to the patents their employees are awarded as an example. So there was no patent rights to be gained or lost by any employees going missing.
Your wrong Gadgetroid! Apple didnt own this patent....The patent was owned by a certain individual who was financed by Bilderberg who had second ownership of it if something were to happen to him
MikePA, so you dont think that a powerful individual would take out civilians just to own a Mega Warfare electronic...Naive, is you my friend
Beware anyone blaming anything on "The Illuminati". They just like to see and hear the word. Illuminati, Illuminati. It also makes them feel good to have someone or something to blame for occurrences they don't understand. The Illuminati did it!
@Leroy do you know anything about the Bilderburg family?.
Antoinette, you're not even stating the supposed conspiracy theory correctly, so try getting that right first. It all hinged on some people having certain patents in their names. Which doesn't matter since the company has the rights to those patents. Plus did you ever look up those supposed patents were? I did, and they were nothing interesting.
@Mike Pa: Supposed conspiracy theory? NO, Those were facts!
Antoinette...Yes I do. I read all that conspiracy bushlit about 10 years ago. It's all hogwash.
If I'm not mistaken, patent 8671381 is the one in question. It was granted on March 11, 2014 and has listed Peidong Wang, Zhijun Chen, Zhihong Cheng, Li Ying as the INVENTORS. It is ASSIGNED to Freescale. That means the legal rights to the patent is owned by Freescale. As stated earlier, employees typically must assign the right of the patent to their employer as stipulated in their work contract/HR rules. The company will usually award inventors some money for each patent that is granted. Some may also award money for filed patents as well (not all patents that are filed are granted). As far as the nature of the invention, it's a way to get an optimum (maximum) number of integrated circuits designed into the limited amount of space on a wafer. This is not earth-shattering tech or something to kill hundreds of people over.
OK - I'm not very smart, so I anticipate some thumbs down on this, BUT: 1. I heard in the news a couple of days ago that MH370 is the ONLY Boeing 777 that has ever gone missing and/or wrecked. 2. The piece found IS from a 777 Therefore, since the piece is not from any OTHER 777, which are all accounted for and complete, would it not follow that it IS from the missing MH370. What further analysis would be necessary to confirm such? Now isn't it (still) a matter of trying to find the main fuselage and other parts?
Ralph....They could positively prove it through engravings... A lot (almost all) of pilots will engrave their social security number on the planes that they routinely fly. I would assume that they are looking for the pilot's social security number engraved on the found piece.
The Chinese said they didn't want to be told that it was 99% certain the part was from the missing flight, 100% certain. That means the numbers must match. It could be spare parts from a 777 that someone tossed in the ocean.
Other 777s have crashed, but none in the ocean. Seems pretty unlikely it would be from any other plane. On the other hand, since it's been floating around on the currents for over a year, it could have traveled from literally anywhere and gets nobody any closer to finding the main wreckage.
Yes, Ralph. You are right, but the authorities need to be ultra-conservative in their assessment on something as big as this.
SSN'S engraved on the plane wing? Bwahahahahahahhhhahhhhahaha
Gator....somebody definitely hit the bong up before they came up with that one...
There is only one air frame unaccounted for, but that doesn't mean some parts aren't accounted for. There is no reason for them to prematurely announce something and then end up being wrong. However, the fact that just about everyone is sending people to either to France to be part of the investigation, or to this island, says something. Boeing sent people right away, and Malaysia has sent people. The French are doing search activities around the island.
Who confirmed that identity of the part? Boeing? No, the Malaysian authorities. I think they are jumping on the Great News bandwagon to make themselves look good.
Ralph..........you get the prize for breaking the code ! Go to the head of the class !
No Paul, they're the only ones quoted here, but several sources have said the same, though anonymously at this point. Including some Boeing sources. The Malaysians just aren't media savvy enough to say something like this off the record.
Yeah, that might enough in Clue.
@Tom....I must be one of the odd ones...I've flown 777's among other planes and I never 'engraved' my ssan on any of them.....hahahahah....
Scrap aluminum is valuable it may have been on its way to be recycled and fell overboard.
I've owned three different airplanes and have flown quite a few more and I have never heard of anyone "scratching" their SSN or anything else, for that matter, on an airplane. If someone defaced any of my planes like that they would be in serious trouble.
its only a start.... the debris might tell speed of crash, but other than the fact that the airplane did hit the water and you can rule out other possibilities (UFO, hijack...) we really are no closer to finding where it went.
The man of God 'Prophet T.B. Joshua' (Synagogue Church of All Nations) in Nigeria, long prophesied about this...but the world trust Science more than God's word. Follow-up on his prophesy sometime last year March-2014 and more discovery will be made on this.
French investigators? Really? Why wasn't it sent to Boeing? All BS. What happened to MH370? I hope this answers your questions. WIKI WAS (shortly after crash): New update from Wiki: The Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot (BUAP), is a system designed to take control of a commercial aircraft away from the pilot or flight crew, chiefly in the event of a hijacking, and allow the craft to be remotely controlled to a landing at a designated airstrip. The action can be initiated either by crew or by government entities on the ground. History Contract for the system was awarded in 2006.[1] Installation began in 2007 with full implementation in Boeing craft anticipated by 2009. However, the retroactive nature of the integration with key original craft systems prompted the manufacturer, the Boeing Corporation, to make disclaimers that it could no longer assure the craft could not in effect be hacked by non-authorized entities:[citation needed] WIKI NOW: There have been claims that the technology has been secretly fitted to some commercial airliners. A former Prime Minister of Malaysia, Mahathir Mohamad, has suggested that the use of such technology was implicated in the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.[7] Dr Mahathir claimed that Boeing, the plane’s maker, and ‘certain’ government agencies, have the ability to remotely take over control of commercial airliners such as the missing Boeing 777.[8][9] A former commercial airline pilot has claimed that the technology was associated with the loss of Germanwings Flight 9525.[10] According to Bob Mann, of R.W. Mann & Co., a New York-based airline industry and consulting firm, there is no evidence that the Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot has ever been used in a commercial airliner.[11] Safety concerns, including the possibility that such a system could be hacked, have prevented its roll-out. [12] I've followed this system for well a decade, and watched Field McConnell (former pilot) try to bring the inherent danger of this system to the public's attention. It cuts all electrical power to the cockpit (and all aircraft communications), and engages an inaccessible secondary power supply to run the flight computer and engage a remote override. Perfect for a terrorist takeover. The pilots can't divert the aircraft, and the terrorists can't make demands. The pilots are helpless and just along for the ride. They are on all large Boeing commercial aircraft by 2009, as you read above in the first Wiki post. It was pretty evident this was used when the facts came out within a week. Why didn't the experts tell us about this system during the thousands of hours of analysis on TV and in the press? Only one thing I can think of...a National Security Letter to the media. I didn't get one (maybe tomorrow), so here you go. You see, the US government has all encrypted codes and the VHF or satellites to initiate the system, other than the pilots which can engage it from the cockpit without codes. Once engaged, it can only be disengaged on the ground. It flies what are known as "waypoints", or coordinate locations in the sky with the flight computer. MH370 flew through waypoints Vampi, turned right to Gival and then toward Igrex, heading up the Strait of Malacca. The US government contends that before reaching Gival, the aircraft turned toward the Indian Ocean, based on "Alleged" pings. That's a problem, because the aircraft doesn't deviate course to its next waypoint until the present one on course has been reached. If the pilots had engaged the BUAP system, it would have automatically landed back where it came from. It had a flight plan downloaded, so the only thing the aircraft could do was follow it. When the aircraft left Malaysian active radar (and the ACARS pings immediately appeared), it was already in range from the radar at Veer Savarkar airport on Andaman Island in India. You'll have to search and read all the conflicting BS from India and the US in regard to this for yourself, it's almost comically insulting. Another fact is that when the airliner disappeared off Malaysian radar, it's flight path through waypoint Igrex was a direct path to Veer. I looked up Veer at the time. Veer Savarkar airport in Port Blair on Andaman Island is a joint international civilian airport shared with the Indian Naval Air. Civilian operations are (were) always closed at night, and the Indian Naval Air always has jurisdiction for the running of the airport. It sits in the oncoming path of flight MH370 at the edge of the Andaman Sea. It has more than ample runway to land a 777, and the ILS capabilities to couple the flight computer and land it remotely. They didn't even need the lights on. No civilians would have seen it, and only a few even hear it, thinking it was a just and Indian Naval Air transport. Our government is presently trying to imply these BUAP aircraft systems aren't on board yet, by coercing popular information websites (like Wiki) to "imply" they are not. The quote in the latest Wiki description is almost as comical: "According to Bob Mann, of R.W. Mann & Co., a New York-based airline industry and consulting firm, there is no evidence that the Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot has ever been used in a commercial airliner.[11] Safety concerns, including the possibility that such a system could be hacked, have prevented its roll-out. [12]" Well Bob Mann (troll nobody), it has been rolled out, as admitted in the last five WIKI previous changes prior to this one, and the system has been all over the internet for years. As for proof: MH370 was a prime example of the operation of the system. MH17 had communications cut before it was downed. Control was turned over to Russian ATC, prior to the downing, and transmitted several messages to the aircraft, none were returned. Kiev refused to turn over their ATC tower control tapes when initially requested to, for several months at least. In the AirAsia crash, the cockpit voice recorder had the pilot leaving his seat in the middle of a crash dive and trying to rip the flight computer out from the instrument deck. Wonder why? I don't. Mr. Choi from France's Alstrom Power was on that flight with his daughter, and one of the first bodies to be identified. He sent his wife and other child on a different flight. Hmmm. Mr. Choi was a senior official at Alstrom, and a potential witness to a bribes investigation to US officials in the sector buyout awarded GE, with the other competitors Mitsubishi and Siemens. Don't let the fact confuse you the Germanwings crash was an Airbus airliner. Honeywell has the similar system on Airbus, developed along side with Boeing. Pilots are well trained for emergencies, especially German pilots. What would I have done if the copilot was unresponsive? I would immediately had a stewardess get on the satellite phone in the aircraft and have ground control unlock the cockpit door by remote. They have that capability, just for emergencies like these. A call was never made during the several minutes it slowly ascended into the mountain. Why was no call made. Communications were cut. Why was the German government accusing the pilot before the flight data recorder was even found or the investigation hardly started? Duh.... So really Bob Mann, no proof? I admit.. one's missing, one is blown up with the avionics burned to a crisp, and one is scattered all over a mountain. Was the AirAsia flight avionics retrieved? The proof lies in the black boxes and containment of the anti terrorist systems themselves, but under control by the same governments that were part of the crash. If you fly, know the risks and that these modules are on board. MH370 was hijacked by the on board anti-terrorist system installed, and the US government and media blatantly lied. India lied. The media is trying to now convince the public that car driving control can be hacked into, and similar articles are appearing that hackers can disrupt or take over an airplane. One problem, even if it were possible, which it is not, the first thing the pilots would do is have all electronic equipment turned off and switch to manual pilot. Be careful folks, and know who the real terrorists are.
quit reading after the 1st two lines
me too... pastes from nutbag sites...who needs them.
It's science and the technology obviously used. Didn't read? It's no wonder my country is so dumb and gullible.
You know that the "experts" are really in the game when they claim that the transponder was "turned off manually" which is something that they couldn't possibly know or that the aircraft "spun in" which is equally strange since there is a piece so large left of an aircraft that would dive at almost the speed of sound. My analysis is that this is some sort of an accident and that the passengers and crew were overcome either with smoke from a battery fire or from oxygen deprivation due to the battery fire burning a hole in both the outer fuselage and the wall between the instrument area where the batteries are placed and the wall it sits against which is inside of the aircraft. I earlier calculated that the distance to which the aircraft would have run out of fuel and the rather substantial distance it would have glided down and if that were in a straight line as the handling and gliding characteristics of modern aircraft suggest would have been more or less in a straight line and a pretty flat landing at substantial speed. The pictures I have seen of that flaperon of the aircraft appear to be broken up in a manner to suggest that it was a flat landing and not circling in which would break off large pieces of wings which would have floated and have been spotted in the huge search. Since the length of time since the loss and the well known currents in that area, they can calculate a fairly small search area. The only problem is the depth of that part of the oceans. But don't forget that they have underwater drones as well and they are a great deal easier to control since we're talking generally less that 20 miles from the control ship.
You think both transponders failed ? They are very easy to turn off, I do it every day in the jets we fly
@ KB! would you do it under instruction? ... or if you were paid to do it so that you can avert the danger of your passengers or crew and land somewhere unknown?
KB - I'm quite aware that transponders CAN be turned off. Would you mind telling me how and WHY you would turn one off? The transponders on the commercial aircraft I worked on could NOT be turned off manually in my memory other than to throw the circuit breaker - but the codes could be changed at the control console. Though that was more than 40 years ago. So WHY would you ever want to turn off a radar transponder?
transponders have to be able to be turned to standby. It is put that way every time you park the plane at the gate. Some one turned it off. We may never know who or why but it was switched off for a reason. I am not sure what aircraft you have worked on but every Boeing/douglas aircraft I have flown could be switch to standby which is essentially off.
I fly the 777 and the transponder can most assuredly be turned off in the cockpit. It is turned off after every landing. I don't know about any more of your "forensic analysis". Just let me say it isn't as easy as you state; experts even mention in the article they can't reverse model the part's travels back to the crash site, and rest assured some of the best minds in the business are working on this mystery.
Douglas - After the aircraft landed we would turn off the CIRCUIT breakers to disable the transponder. Are you saying that it can be turned off at the console? And if so how? We have been trying to get a 777 pilot to answer some questions and you appear to be the first. I calculated an approximate 22:1 glide ratio but that assumed a gliding speed of about 450 knots from altitude. Do you have the real numbers? Also what is the glide attitude of a 777? Is it very sensitive to baggage loading balance? As for ocean currents - let me guarantee you that they are FAR more reliable than the air currents. So since they have a piece of the flaperon and perhaps a piece of luggage you can most assuredly trace this back to a 100 mile square area which is minuscule compared to the entire southern Indian Ocean they were stuck with searching.
@Rice...perhaps you are referring to military transponders, of which I have little knowledge. Modern civilian transponders are Mode S, which means they transmit a lot more info to ATC and to other airplanes equipped with TCAS for collision avoidance than simpler Mode C. The transponders have a console control that has positions for STANDBY (zero transmissions), ALT RPTG OFF, XNPDR, TA ONLY and TA/RA. Important here is crew can definitely go stealth, except for primary radar returns from aircraft size and shape. Your glide ratio approximates that of a glider. While I don't have exact figures it is nowhere near that good. 12:1 would be a better approximation in clean configuration. However, when the plane loses all power a ram air turbine automatically deploys that will wreak havoc on the glide ratio. When you say glide attitude I guess you mean pitch attitude with no power? I don't honestly know (fortunately I have never been in that situation) but 0 degrees nose up is about a 3 degree descent path power at idle in clean config. Yes, ocean currents are more predictable than wind, but I defer to the quoted experts in the article. Hope that helps.
Douglas - After I got out of the AF I spent most of the Vietnam Airlift recovering and maintaining the electronics in all of the minor carriers so I worked on the Boeing 707, 720 and 727 and the DC 8's and 9's. And of course the ex-military aircraft by small carriers that hauled freight around this continent. Someone said that the sink rate was 2,000 ft/min and way back when, it was claimed that they were at 30,000 feet. That tells me that the aircraft would have to slow WAY up without power.- down to something like 200 knots. So if it was at altitude and ran out of fuel it would take 15 minutes to hit the water and would cover 50 miles or so. With a glide attitude like your guess and at that speed it would belly in on smooth water with little damage. But in the South Indian Ocean there isn't any smooth water. So a wing would catch and spin the plane like a top, digging a wing in and no doubt tearing the aircraft up like my last mailbox full of advertisements. That would explain the way the flaperon looked. I'm quit certain that they can calculate the area of the lost aircraft using the time since the last contact and the ocean currents and the intervening time until the pieces washed up on La Reunion. At least objectively. While the currents are quite predictable the surface conditions have to be calculated for each day. The French are quite capable of that and have the computers and weather data to do so.
I flew DC8s back when and I am pretty sure there were controls on the transponder console too. I hope you're right and they can locate the crash site soon.
With this one piece of the puzzle, you would think they have already found the black boxes. Isn’t it better if they give it a rest, until more pieces wash ashore? These families have gone through enough already, let alone what is now being talked up about this one piece of debris leading to the remaining pieces of the aircraft and now discovering what caused the plane to come down, and who knows how long that might take to find, at the bottom of the ocean, unless it broke apart on one of those Islands nearby?
It’s that weathered bag with the frayed material and holes in it, that makes me wonder where it came from?
Give what a rest? Maybe you mean just leave the piece lying on the beach and not investigate?
Maybe they had a reason for trying to ditch that plane, and came close to doing it? Until we know, nothing can be ruled out, although it’s far fetched!
While this seems promising, word like "speculation," and "could be important," are bandied about. How about suspending all reporting until confirmation is obtained by confirmed evidence and quit wasting bandwidth...not only regarding this story, but any story.
Really. There are probably a dozen 777s flying around with missing flaperons...it isn't as if somebody would like....notice.
That's not the point at all. Not at all. You can speculate all you want but your speculation is not substantiated with facts or data. It might make all the sense in the world to you that it's from MH370, but it's not substantiated. On the other hand, they found something and it looks extremely promising -- which is why it is news. Hence it's worthy of being published but there has to be qualifiers until they have real data. I guess there's a reason why armchair critics aren't the ones leading the investigation.
Janet is obviously a renowned expert, I am simply a 30,000 hour commercial pilot, an aeronautical engineer and a former Air Force investigator. I am desiccated with mortification.
Janet, I went back to look at the comments, if you were responding to Stan, sorry, I just couldn't tell.
Finally a great news clip from Yahoo! So there definitely is intelligent life within. Kudos for a , "real", story reported fully and responsibly!
As I have stated since March 2014, the person piloting the plane took it to 45,000 feet, suffocating all the passengers and remaining crew then flew to the Indian Ocean and ditched the plane with power and flaps leading little debris and essentially performing a Sullenberger manuevor only with full control. Then secure all with seat belts and vent the plane to avoid implosion @ depth when it sank. We need to look where the Indian Ocean is deepest and remote as this is what the person piloting wanted, for the plane never to be found. I admit I read about venting the plane from this blog but all makes perfect sense. The plane did not crash, it was ditched with some fuel and search should be much closer to origination and fuel calculations for a ditch site. May God Bless those how perished and regards to their families. Paul
Hows taking the plane to 45000 feet suffocating the passengers wen the plane is pressureised also wouldn`t it show up on radar if the pilot was flying at 45000 feet.I think the plane was shot down over China for whatever reason.
Hey paul......The open ocean is not the flat calm surface of the Hudson. Capt Sully had major skills and a healthy dose of luck. The rest of your "post" is pure trash.
Wow Paul, aren't you smart. Why don't you just tell them where the plane went down and save them all of that searching.
The plane didn't crash at all, it was landed in some remote jungle and the passengers are all being held captive. ISIS is behind this and they are using the people to have babies so the children can be trained in the near by terrorist training camp. when these children become of age, ISIS will wage war with all the infidels in the world and Alla,lalalalalalalalalalalalalal! Will once again rule all the Musilums to a victory over all infidels. I give it 22 maybe 23 years before you will see this happen. Allalalalalalalalalalalalalla came to me in my sleep one night recently and revealed this vision to me. Everyone need Convert now, it is your only hope of being saved.
Chico = troll...when's the last time Muslims held someone captive & told no body? Answer is never
Yes it is true the Indian Ocean has some of the roughest seas. Note the time line of the last ping from the engines, after 8 am local time. The pilot had power and daylight, Capt Sully had no power. Also cabin pressure can be vented and oxygen can be shut off to passengers. Pilots have their own oxygen. Hey to the the rest of the hard head replies, Ocean charts are readily available and a deranged pilot must of had a course to plot. Betcha a buck I'm 80% right!
Paul....Learn more. Post less until you do.
Experts already said it positive it came from a 777 because of a nos. in the flaparon and other experts said there are NO MISSING 777 in the world EXCEPT THE MH370. As simple as 1+ 1 = 2
However the investigation team penetrating with their equipment and other sophisticated devices is their part of job. I suspect the missing flight is not an accident or lost control instead it is a highjack and I strongly feel like people are still alive. As per the debris discovered in MH370 was one of only three Boeing 777s in the island is keeping the missing flight in suspense. However the distance the flight drowned from the height mentioned in the last year is not at all compares with the current situation where the part of the flight found on the bank of the ocean. If the flight collapsed in any condition from the height it was flying will definitely immerse very deep and that would not be expected to flow or the wave pushed not from that deeper. To make it clear, if the examination covers the area in the radius of 30 to 90 miles from the spot where the debris found recently, there will be a chances of locating the hijackers. May be the black box was spoiled by the attackers to miss from resonate to the evidence.
What? Your post is as non-comprehensible as your screen name. Nice job at complete mumble jumble. Somewhere a US Government Agency needs you as a spokesperson.
No intention of becoming a speaker. To be optimistic as catalyst to encourage the investigators.
I like how the paranoid conspiracy theorists are finding reasons not to believe the evidence.
In all fairness, it's not just the paranoid conspiracy theorists who are doing that, it's also the narcissistic conspiracy theorists who think they know more than the experts do even though they have no training or experience in this area.
Yes, I'm sure there is some overlap
the paranoid conspiracy theorists are called liberal/progressives.
I call all of them nutjobs
But most are on the left, and they 'love' to point fingers and claim its from the Right.
It is amazing that after all the suspense, all the expense of searching for the aircraft, that the French "authorities" demand to have the newly located part sent to France now about 4 days after discovered. Boeing experts could have identified the part in less than a minute, and probably that it came from the Malaysian Airline plane in a jiffy. So why the delay ? Are they going to assemble the plane parts in France ? Seems a very expensive way to do this to a civilian.
Could it be Susan that the assembly has to be opened up carefully to gain access to the data tag which contains the serial number and that taking a crowbar to the part could destroy some evidence along the way? Evidence like marine life that's found only in certain areas of the ocean or corrosion that builds up on aluminum after a certain amount of time? To me it sounds like you would take a can opener to it.
Not cool Marc. At what and who's expense is being veeery careful over the top? Are you chipping in with the funding of this veeery careful scrutinizing? Susan is so spot on with the shenanigans. Im pretty sure they will find a barnacle that shows the exact lat lon of where it came from. Then what, Marc?
SusanD, I agree, with all the technology in this world, why are they taking so long to say if it was part of the MH370 plane. They could also contact the relatives to see if the suitcase looks familiar to see if it belonged to someone that was on the plane. Also, they could search the areas closes to La Reunion Island, instead of southwest of Australia. Will, these people are experts as we are told.
Does the time frame really matter? Not like there going to find somebody floating in the ocean
How about the fact that it's being sent to France because it was found on French territory and thus it's their property and responsibility.
Guys the data tag is on the end of the Flaperon and has a part number and serial number stamped on it. Being in the ocean for that long may have damaged the serial number because they would already know what aircraft it came from by reading the data tag. The reason they are sending it to France is so that they can try and determine how the part detached from the aircraft.
I guess we will know whether Susan's "can opener" approach or my "forensic" approach was more appropriate when the Discovery Channel's documentary on the flaperon airs in a few months and tells the full story.
Marc, I didn't quite mention violence to the airplane part. You have a very good imagination. But I do think that a Boeing expert is more appropriate than an Airbus one. The French apparently feel a tight ownership to this issue and they can have it for all I care. Just taking their sweet time. I'm not impatient for myself, but the poor survivors who now are in limbo, to be followed by certainty if the "experts" ever do their work.
Understood. But I think that since the part was found on French territory that they have a right to it. But don't be misled, the French probably have the second best aircraft accident investigation agency in the world next to the NTSB, so the parts are in good hands.
should I say that they have had lots of practice ?
If it is from MH370 and more parts show up on Reunion, that would tend to indicate the plane went down off the island rather than off Western Australia. Wait and see what the facts are rather than take speculation seriously.
I think that the person who did this set a southerly course for Antarctica midway between the continents of Australia and Africa. That would mean they were looking too close to Australia and should have been looking more to the west.
It could be but at this point, there isn't enough evidence. If they find the main section of the plane then where they find it, will tell us something. What they find will tell us more. Its all speculation at this point. There is good reason to speculate that this is part of the wing. If they find more parts near by, then there will be reason to speculate that the main body is closer to Reunion than Australia. If they find the main body, then a lot more evidence will be had. I am most interested if the suitcase turns out to be from the plane. I'll be that people are checking the shores of Mauritanius and other nearby islands such as Diego Garcia. If the plane came down nearest to Reunion then there should be more parts showing up there. If it came down further out, then there could be parts on other islands.
Yeah, it's just a hunch. It will be interesting to see where they finally locate the main impact site.
"If it is from MH370 and more parts show up on Reunion, that would tend to indicate the plane went down off the island rather than off Western Australia" -- Since it has been gone for 16 months, I don't even know how you get that.It could have traveled to more places than a VW Campervan and the "I been everywhere, man" song, and passed them, before conditions finally beached it. "Wait and see what the facts are rather than take speculation seriously." -- Which sounded like you just engaged in ...speculation.
If parts start showing on Reunion then that would indicate that the impact was closer to Reunion. I consider it unlikely that a number of parts would show up close together unless the impact was close by. One part showing up doesn't mean anything since the part could have travelled quite a ways in this amount of time. One thing, I don't know is how bouyant the part is. Metal completely filled with water would not travel far. Speculate but don't take it seriously without more evidence is all that I was saying. I can think of a number of scenarios but I don't take any seriously with so little evidence. There are a number of other islands between Reunion and the Eastern Indian Ocean. Mauritanius is a little closer and there are more small islands. If the Flotsam is wide spread then it should be showing up on other islands. If the crash site is near Reunion then Reunion should start showing more. Jetsam is material deliberately thrown into the sea and none of the debris would be called Jetsam if the plane crashed. Until now, no debris had been found which seemed strange considering the searches. Much flotsam should have been floating around unless the plane landed in the ocean, mostly intact. But its all premature speculation including my own at this point. Reunion is considered to be part of France, not a separate country.
The above article goes on and on and on and on...... It would be a full article if only summarized with information that a piece of wreckage has been found that likely could be traced to the missing aircraft.
I'm not an expert, but I could have told you that the plane pieces washing up on shore was "convincing evidence that it went down in the ocean."
Yeah, but just see some the other comments and you'll realize that's not convincing enough for some. There are still those who are claiming it it was planted (17 months ago) in the water to wash up somewhere.
I love how the expert says the piece is not likely to clear up the mystery, yet the headline makes us think that they are closer than EVER to figuring it out. Yeah, I guess closer than ever can mean you are still 999 miles away from an answer, if you were 1000 miles away before. How about the headline, "Airplane Piece Not Likely To Solve Mystery, "as this would at least be accurate.
Actually it could clear up the mystery that the plane crashed. It would debunk all of those theories that the plane landed somewhere or the stupidest, that it was taken by aliens.
CNN'S Miles O'Brien has barricaded himself in a flight simulator in Atlanta...A swat team has been dispersed to the scene...
No Brian Williams is the only known survivor. Memory loss though.
I heard Don Lemon had held a sign up with a picture of the plane and asked if this offended anyone...
I heard Brian Williams was seen pulling the flap off the wing in that picture.
Rev. Al has arranged a riot because no black folks were invited
Are they just trying to be 100% sure. Seems like all the large pieces should be pretty easy to identify. It is not like they have lots of 777 accidents recently.
Investigators don't care much about public perception. They will not confirm anything publicly until they have a piece of paper from the lab that says it's real. If the lab is only 96% sure, than that's what the investigators will say
They knew five minutes after they received the s/n #. Sounds like an insurance scam is taking place.
Insurance scam? Smoke some more ketchep, genius.
yeah the only problem with all the lab BS is the fact no other part number has the that number, only that part number could have come from a triple 7 and only one triple 7 is missing.......on top of that people working for boeing that BUILT the plane says its a part of it.....the lab BS is out the window
From the pictures, the serial number plate seems to be missing. Otherwise it would have easily been seen by the French investigators on the island. From some airline forums, someone posted a picture of a flaperon in their warehouse and the serial number plate is in the middle flat part on the end. Someone else confirmed that's where the Boeing specs show the serial number plate to be. So that's why the delay. They're probably going to have to get lucky and find some internal markings like lot numbers or production date codes on the components.
Boeing has an entire department of exppert who knows every part of every plane they built. These are the guys who will be looking at that part.
Are these Boeing experts in France? Because that is where this part was flown. I think BOEING experts from Boeing in the U.S. should look at it!!! Does France get priority because where it was found (Reunion Island) belongs to France?
Do we really want France to fly the part? They took forever to find there plane?
Capricorn: I did read where Reunion Island does belong to France. I'm pretty sure Boeing personnel can get to France; if need be. Being in one place, to me , seems like the best plan where it can be secured instead of being flown piece by piece back to the US, or worse yet, left out in the open where local types will be taking selfies of themselves, with it, or with other found pieces. France does sound more secure to me.
hey Yahoo. Any more details on the Putin's fingerprints found on the broken wing?
There is correlation MH370 missing with dispute in Spratly islands. Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, China, Brunei had claimed the ownership on these island. Alliance with other countries which have military and technology superiority have made the dispute more complicated. Thus, there are military activities in the islands, and its waters and its airspace, which conducted by these countries and their allies. MH370 was shot accidentally by one of these countries and its allies. Or MH370 was collided with a patrol fighter, or a drone, or reconnaissance aircraft from one of these countries and its allies. Now, there is a great possibility that World War III will start from Spratly islands dispute. Economic recession in China, Asia Pacific, and Southeast Asia were just the beginning. The gamblers knows the war is coming. Prepare yourself.
And Indonesia economy will hit severely by these war and then deteriorate into a long lasting (if it is too late) economic depression.
MH370 was shot accidentally by one of these countries and its allies. Or MH370 was collided with a patrol fighter, or a drone, or reconnaissance aircraft from one of these countries and its allies. -- and you know ANY of this, HOW??? You have no clue what happened, just stupid theories..
Another conspiracy nut spouting factless garbage. Hey nut, you ever hear of Inmarsat ? Have you ever taken the time to research their fact based information ? Obviously not or you wouldn't be talking #$%$. Why don't you just say whats coming next....I can hear it already. "The debris was a plant to throw everyone off course." These idiots twist facts to fit their warped stories and then twist again when the facts don't support their position. Climb back into that hole you live in and leave the thinking to those with at least half a brain. Jmo thanks
Suppose my SIM card number for my mobile phone is 9876543210. Do you think only me have these number? Do you think no one could have appropriate technology to make another 9876543210? This SIM card number should an unique id, means only me have the number. MH370 should have an unique id for Inmarsat, and do you think even though have appropriate technology no one could make duplicate id of MH370 for Inmarsat?
And this relates to the plane crash, how?
The true MH370 wasn't crashed in Indian ocean. There was a fake MH370 (an aircraft with duplicate id of MH370 for Inmarsat satellite) fly from the latest secondary radar contact to the Indian ocean, and then acted as if falling down into the Indian ocean. And for the true MH370, I don't know where it crashed or where it gone.
Another fool who has no clue how the Inmarsat info is obtained. I'll tell you this i... it had absolutely nothing to do with any sim number or any other number for the flight. They tracked every plane in that area.Only the ones that paid for the service got attention. Still, they had the data and were able to plot the planes course using "Doppler Frequency Shifts". I've now given you the first clue to the story your trying to twist.No go do some real research and drop the conspiracy BS.
I am not chatting about SIM number or whatever, I am chatting about an unique id of MH370 to communicate with Inmarsat-3 F1, using analogy of a mobile phone number to communicate with BTS. A customer (an aircraft) of Inmarsat-3 F1 will respond to a Ground Earth Station request via the satellite, in certain channel of 1.6 GHz frequency. The channel used by satellite to transmit a request (calling) and the channel used by aircraft to transmit a respond are the unique IDs of MH370. Thus, the receiver unit of an aircraft must have the same frequency to satellite transmitter in order to receive the satellite request. These unique IDs prevent any unwanted respond from other customers of Inmarsat-3 F1. The Doppler Frequency Shifts you are chatting about, relate to the difference between expected frequency respond and received frequency respond. Read from: dca*gov*my/mainpage/MH370%20Data%20Communication%20Logs*pdf I wonder, what's wrong with you? From the link, now tell me, which data related to ID of MH370?
Well if the plane is confirmed to be on the bottom of the ocean at least it kills the conspiracy of some group planning to use it as a weapon somewhere.
That part "helps" to control the plane during landings, but is not critical, especially if you had no plans to land the aircraft, but instead crash it into a building. Maybe terrorist wanted us to know that a part from a 777 was discovered in the water to throw us off?
I am not sure John about your theory that facts don't kill a conspiracy, its the lack of facts that fuels the conspiracy. in complete facts, in fact.
Although the piece found will not shed much light on what happened to the plane or where the rest of it is - it does offer a little bit of closure to the families of those who died on the plane. Finding a piece of the wing washed up does tell us the plane went down into the water and all were lost.
No, pertnear, all it factually tells us is that a piece of a wing was found on a beach. How it got there we don't know yet. Only if the fuselage is found in the ocean can we say it went down in the ocean for a fact.
I don't think so Pernear, from what I've seen they're still in denial. A tragedy yes but there has to come a point where you must accept the obvious
If it dndnt go down in the ocean, I am still Pertnear sure that there are no surivors.
James - thanks for getting it.
all they have to do is get the serial number off the flap and their records would show if it was on that airplane.
Depending on how they do or do not track their triple 7 parts and where the maintenance is done, I am sure the part has a serial number, it's appears to be the inboard aileron subject to delamination and cracks from freezing at altitude. The horizontally mounted flight control has to be balanced when painted or repaired. 15 years experience 767/777 heavy maintenance.
exactly that's why its a hard time item. 35 years heavy mx inspector
Lights, Camera, Action. Another fine BS production to mislead the public.
How many other 777's have gone down in the Indian Ocean? If none, how many have reported wing parts falling off over it? Sarcasm/off.
If they told you, they'd have to kill you. Sarcasm/on.
You're right, P. I lost my head for a minute or two there and should've kept my sarcastic speculation to myself. :-)
I hope they finally find that plane.
whats left of it......this will have a debris field 100's of miles long
Has someone actually seen with their eyes a BOEING Spokesman say that the part they saw on TV is a 777 Flaperon OR have you only seen a talking head on TV saying that. I only ask because last night their was a bizarre report on CNN where they showed an actual 777 Flaperon on a table and also had a complete intact 777 in the background where they showed a Flaperon attached to the wing. The man being interviewed runs an aircraft repair facility and seemed to be quite familiar with 777's. There was only one problem The part shown on TV was NOT the same part that shows up in News Photos from Reunion. The part shown on TV last night is smaller basically a perfect rectangle in shape and is thinner. It was clearly NOT the same size (like HALF AS BIG). CNN never explained the discrepancy.
I have to think that this makes a lot of countries within this aircraft's flying radius relieved. It has to be nerve racking to wonder it that plane is still out there and capable of landing in anyone's back yard with who knows what on board. After 9-11 we just can't afford to have aircraft like this unaccounted for.
Almost a certainty that this part came from MH370 but... take a few minutes and research the ocean surface currents in the Indian Ocean between Africa and Australia and India to the Antarctic and their speed. That part could have easily drifted over 8,000 miles, in many directions, since the aircraft went down. Now that's one hell of a lot of ocean still left to search!
Western Australia University (I think that's the name) did a debris projection map and this island is in the 18 month to 24 month time frame. But with an extremely low probability, as in a few lines run out around there. There are 18-24 month lines going around the other side of Australia. So basically working backwards is going to be similarly as broad a source location. But the fact that this location fell at the far end of the 18-24 month range but in 17 months, might mean they're slightly off on where they're assuming is the starting area.
@Mike Pa... thanks for the post it's nice to see interesting posts like yours.
Does any remember the B767 that that was jacked and ocean landed off the West coast of Madagascar in 2006? Is it from it , possibly.
No, a 767 and a 777 are two different planes.
Leroy and Todd, I think you misunderstand the OP's post. Of course a 767 and 777 are different planes. That's the point, duh. Until we get official confirmation that this wing part is from a 777, we can't say it's from MH 370.
There is no aircraft that has a piece like this. No aviation "Expert" has stated the piece is NOT from a 777. The numbers on it has been confirmed by Boeing that it comes from a 777. What more do you need?
I don't remember seeing anywhere on the news that Boeing has confirmed it to be a 777 part. Do you have a link to support this claim? As far as I know, they are planning to analyze the part next week.
Mustard...I too read that Boeing had confirmed it was from a 777, ergo my post.
I hope they can determine if the flaperon was rip off in the air or crashing in a controlled manner into the sea.
Well, duh, uh, maybe Boeing built a secret 777 and flew it into the south Indian Ocean so that nasty hateful Republicans wouldn't accuse a m0s|3m pilot of committing massive jihad.
They know it's in Pakistan because some nutjob general on insHannity told them so, and he even got that confirmed.
Is that today's liberal idiocy download that the Libmatrix is programming all you oblivious lib drones with today? Sorry you live such a sorry life contrived by others.
Right FUTTE but you forgot to tell 'em about the passengers. They're now in China hacking US computers. They're chained to the computers and are fed rice and fish heads twice a day, Their bowel movements, I don't wanna talk about it.
Well, actually they are likely nothing but bones at the bottom of the ocean right about now
Has someone actually seen with their eyes a BOEING Spokesman say that the part they saw on TV is a 777 Flaperon OR have you only seen a talking head on TV saying that. I only ask because last night their was a bizarre report on CNN where they showed an actual 777 Flaperon on a table and also had a complete intact 777 in the background where they showed a Flaperon attached to the wing. The man being interviewed runs an aircraft repair facility and seemed to be quite familiar with 777's. There was only one problem The part shown on TV was NOT the same part that shows up in News Photos from Reunion. The part shown on TV last night is smaller basically a perfect rectangle in shape and is thinner. It was clearly NOT the same size (like HALF AS BIG). CNN never explained the discrepancy.
@Michael M: The reason is CNN has no idea what they are talking about.
captain that might be true but the man who they were interviewing clearly did seem to know what he was talking about. He runs an aircraft repair facility. He had a complete Boeing 777 sitting behind him at the place he runs.
Am I missing something here ? So called experts are trying to figure out if the flaperon of mh370 is the correct part ? Why all this mystery ? Are there dozens of others Boeing 777 THAT WENT DOWN IN THAT AREA ?
Nobody with any real knowledge of 777 structure has identified the part.
My somewhat informed opinion is that a catastrophic occurrence, like oxygen failure or cabin pressure failure created the problem and when the plane ran out of fuel, down it went. Having flown on many planes, in the cockpit, I can testify to the extensive use of autopilot. More debris will likely show up on Reunion Island. Look at the debris showing up at this late date in California from the Fukishima disaster. Ocean currents can push debris a long way since they are a system and are not confined to one body of water or one part of the world.
I still think it was suicide/murder
Under those circumstances, why would the autopilot turn the plane around to the opposite direction of its destination?
It may have been suicide, we will never completely know. The pilot may have been trying to turn around as an emergency to return to the departure airport, but hypoxia got to him first and they simply continued until the plane ran out of fuel. Subsequent maneuvers may have indicated some cockpit response in a delusional mode. I also think that when the plane is found, as I believe it will be, it will be outside the search area that was originally calculated from the satellite pings..
This part find is hilarious. It only takes 5 minutes to determine if S/N is for that aircraft. Someone is holding back info ??
your exactly right that's a hard time item which has to be tracked.
A scientist can look at the barnacles and other sea creatures attached to it to determine which part of ocean the part may have drifted though.
Or didn't drift through. A year on the water would have this thing looking like a chunk of coral.
@Walter - And you get this special knowledge how when experts are saying this is pretty much what it SHOULD look like after being adrift about this long.
This is all taking so long because Malaysia is still trying to cover up this was another Muslim whack job suicide. They have massive resources and pay offs using other Muslim countries monies to ensure this is suicide is skewed into a problem with the plane that resulted in poor innocent Muslims' being killed because of something the manufacturer did. Geez....it don't take rocket science to determine the problem and anyone with any walking around sense figured all this out the day after it happened.
You must be a genius, figuring this out all by your self. I only have one question: why would muslims want to keep this a secret when every other time they are eager to take credit for a hit against western cultures?
It looks like .. its western ideologies, vs eastern ideologies vs indigenous ideologies. If it's an experiment then other ideologies do have aright to question the west about about some technologies or visions. It's proper valid for Islamic nations to question the west especially the question - "can we humans locate a large aircraft say the size of of airship if it goes missing in space. Its supposed to to prepare us for that eventuality, we also have to prepare ourself for ENTIRE Spaceships Going MISSING with no clues about where they are. This will happen and someone has to do the test - truth is truth. It also helps prepare humans for these kind of mass events and these are coming. Africans. Indians, Arabs, South Americans need to prepare for entire villages going missing because they got on a spaceship going to "alpha centuri" to mine diamonds etc It was designed to question governments and and organisations We have to support geeks like Elon Musk as they are pioneering space on an open platform ... we gotta fight back like our relatives the bee's - collectively as people in order to make our nest the earth a success.
Re conspiracies: Of course, the plane could have been ;parked in a hanger for months and then repacked with luggage and even the passengers ushered back on and then flown back to the Indian Ocean and ditched in the sea by remote control (yes it is a fly-by-wire, just like a drone). So, it may have only been in the sea for a year! We need barnacle experts to check growth rates to see how long it was in the sea for, -as a starting point.
it went down long ago.....im still on the band wagon about the semi conductor group being killed off......every one from the CEO down was on board the plane and they held a tons of patents dealing with missiles and guidance systems....look it up
Ok bbbuuttt the problem wiff your story is that the patents are still uh, alive and therefore, defensible.
No Cali, they were actually holding the patents.
... dejavu .... @john & @Rob...... these 2 theories keep coming up again and again .... { @john....### ...asked .. @@@...what he thought of this space exploration and needed an answer. He conducted ###. .... ...Meanwhile ### was conducting an experiment in the indian ocean ... to find out ... if it's safe to send people of to mars ( especially muslims which forbids endangering life for experimentation ) ... that if we humans could not locate a very large plane right here on earth ... how long can this ....### hanger/holding area .. this one for one for 30 days (the first target)... oh... this one for 1 year.. perfect ....@rob .... ### had taken #### (killed) the passengers ... semiconductor ... patents ...} - CONDITIONS - to see if humans can investigate and locate relatives of astronauts send to other planets enmass - ( .. this will happen ... example an entire indigenous village tribe goes missing on a rock in space for things like mining etc.... and the ability of the mass (humans) to investigate its own truth rather than take the biscuit from organisations and governments ... to be able to locate the plane within a year .. if people had done it ... then .... ( another program - heaven on earth... if not education, education etc ) ..its supposed to be that nothing happened here. It made governments aware that there is too much air traffic and it ought to be monitored ... the geeks who were prepared for it made money in the form of military contracts and other forms of contracts... e.g INMARSAT with its plane geo location service. If you look carefully you will also see many contracts being signed by many governments close afterwards that time. It may probably be an experiment .. if it's not this is propaganda gone very wrong. Example propaganda ,manufactured in the 80's - 90's is catching up with their inventors ... they did not predict the rise of social media etc THAT'S WHY THIS ONE STINKS.
John...the actual patents are in the US Patent office. If they were issued and holding them...they were copies indeed. However, if they were on file, or about to be filed, they would have already submitted a provisional patent until proper prior art could be investigated by the patent office. Either way, the patent filing process does not lend itself to a 1950's type of "eggs in one basket" situation. Those days were over decades ago, also since patent lawyers are required to have multiple copies...just in case of destruction as you are exactly suggesting.
Finding the debris, if is is from that flight, disproves any allegation that the Chinese hijacked the plane, collected the insurance money and is using it for wild parties and spying. In other words, all we will ever be able to do is speculate at this juncture.
I want you conspiracy theorists to stay vigilant! There's still a chance it could be flown with one wing and masquerade itself as a legitimate commercial flight and then be flown into some civilian target! Hang in there!
It is worth noting that there have only been five hull-losses of B777 aircraft in all the years they have been flying (yes, they are that good) the other four all on land, thousands of miles from there and all completely accounted for, so there is little possibility that this part could come from anything other than the long-missing Malaysian jetliner. Of course there are those who would prefer to believe that this is a sophisticated "plant" deposited by the nefarious Russians or better yet, the savant NSA, operating from their remote base on Alpha-Centurion, for the purpose of deflecting attention away from their obvious intention of using the real plane they captured for intergalactic, germ warfare, but these same people believe as much when a hubcap is stolen from their car, so we must judge the evidence accordingly.
Why would you accuse Russia or the NSA when the Malaysian govt has come out looking like it has the most to hide...but truth be told its was N. Korea...they have the plane now and their scientist hostages...and placing that piece of manufactured debris on that island at this precise time makes it look like a naturally occurring event has shifted attention away from them...very clever... And judging by the evidence (your own words)...how did a large piece of metal (or something that doesn't float) get washed up on an island thousands of miles away from the supposed crash site...and it just happens that that piece of the aircraft has an identification stamp on it too... (actually I'm making this up as I go...its a slow morning...lol)
Finding a flaperon after 18 month sounds believable, finding a suitcase floating for 18 month sounds like BS to me. Whoever placed the suitcase blew the whole cover.
why don't you just wait until you get confirmation it's really from a 777, oh yes because your argument becomes pointless then as officials will immediately confirm it's Air Malaysia's Heinz, why does the suitcase matter, it could be from anywhere, you find that stuff on the beach (note the aircraft part was NOT found on a beach (not curious?)) all over the place
@Heinz and David Since you are clearly conspiracy theorists, it really doesn't matter what you think because you so clearly make it up as you go.
knaug60, Thanks for the compliment. The term "conspiracy theorist' was created by the CIA after the JFK assassination in order to discredit clear thinking minds. I only watch or read the main stream news for its entertainment content. It is your problem if you want to believe it all. Most conspiracy theories turned out to be conspiracy facts. Again - Thank you very much.
@Heinz - "Most conspiracy theories turned out to be conspiracy facts." ROFLMAO. Maybe when you're 12 years old.
Mark, I would venture to guess ,the rest of the "floatable" is still floating....it's a big ocean..
I agree with your first part, the second part, who knows why it vanished? We may never know.
It comes From Conspiracy Theories Illustrated!
As for where the rest of the plane is, have you considered just how big the Indian Ocean is? The parts that didn't float, of course sank somewhere. The rest? Good luck finding them.
Whether or not conspiracy theorist refers to "clear thinking people" is if anything an oxymoron. The whole idea of conspiracy theory goes all the way back to Connect The Dots and the natural human proclivity to create patterns, even when patterns don't actually exist. It has little or nothing to do with rational thinking.
Would it not be better to bring it to Boeing and have them check it out since they built it? Why add a layer of people to make things more complicated?
Found on a French owned island, thus it goes to France.
Malaysia Government cover up , They don't " Investigators " to find out !
The aircraft operator under far 121 has to track the parts. It could have moved from one plane to another due to maintenance.
How is it that hours after Michael Brown was shot, the media and for that matter the entire Ferguson ghetto believed HANDS UP DON'T SHOOT? Darren Wilson's life was ruined... but here, when we know it's a 777 wing (and they don't fall off planes) it "might" be from MH370?
now it makes complete sense -
But somebody is?....That is the real tragedy at this point in time.
This whole saga is about the stupidest I have ever seen. Quite obviously, a plane went down killing all aboard in the middle of the ocean. After a few days of looking, it might have been assumed that all life was lost. A tragedy it is, but why spend what, hundreds of millions attempting to find the missing plane. In war, ships are sunk with all hands lost and there is no effort to locate the ship or its missing crew after a reasonable time of searching. Fishing boats frequently encounter storms in which the ship is sunk with all hands lost with no efforts to find the boat or crew after a reasonable search. So, some flotsam was discovered thousands of miles from where the plane was presumed lost. Amazing no. Flotsam had to turn up eventually. Why make a big deal of it, sending out helicopters to search for what? he damn plane is somewhere at the bottom of the ocean. Mourn the dead and let the plane RIP.
Because a completed investigation could uncover what caused the crash. It could prevent similar problems in the future.
tim, Wise up! This is a passenger plane. They reconstruct these to find out the most minute details of what happened. Of course you need the wreckage to reconstruct it. The reasoning on leaving War Ships and Fishing Vessels down , is that it is an honorable and fitting place to bury these Men and Women of the Sea.
To find out what really happen to the plane and to give a peace of mind to the relatives.
There are satellites that can read a newspaper, laying on a park bench from orbit, but they can't use the same satellites to track MH370 from the time it left to wherever it went.
It's not as simple as you try to make it sound. If you understood the complexities, you might see just how hard something like that is. Consider there are hundreds, if not thousands of planes in the air at a given moment. Satellites can't "see" all around the globe, so they would not be able to track planes during the entire flight path even if they wanted to, much less keep track of every plane in the sky.
@Jason L...I recall reading that Osama Bin Laden would not go out in the daytime, because he was afraid of being spotted by spy satellites. Spy satellites are that powerful. If China's military knew the time MH370 was on the runway, and runway number, MH370 could be tracked every inch of its flight path.
You still don't understand what is involved. Looking for something at one spot or area is one thing, tracking something across the globe is another. It can be done, but is not practical when you are trying to track thousands of different planes at any given time.
Not a mystery to many who are privy to info. No conspiracy, no terrorism, just one very evil man with an "almost" perfect plan to become famous in death akin to an Amelia Earhart, albeit 2 VERY different people. There are people assigned to Mauritius also and their Rodrigues island too checking for possible debris. The real challenge is getting definitive proof for what is already certain due to logic and evidence.
If, on the other hand, the conspiracy theorists have their way and we assume the plane was hijacked and landed somewhere without any trace, what would stop those sophisticated highjackers remove a piece of the plane, soak it in ocean water, have barnacles grow on it and then have it washed (planted) on a remote beach?
I can't watch CNN now, it's the plane 24/7, they found a part, ten minutes tops. When you know what happened that would be news, but they seem to be fixated.
Millions of genetically modified mosquitoes might soon be released in Florida. The biotech company Oxitec and the Florida Keys Mosquito Control District (FKMCD) are moving ahead with their plan to introduce these insects into the area to, according to them, help stop the spread of multiple tropical diseases.
I've come to not believe anything they say about this plane, and this is no different. This find certainly would save Malaysia and Australia a lot of money. Even if it does belong to a 777, it doesn't prove which one. Malaysia, and anyone willing to help, needs to find that plane.
Which one? How many missing 777s are there to choose from?
And just how is finding this going to save Malaysia and Australia a lot of money?
it won't...if anything, it re-starts the frigging search...even though it makes little difference to chance of finding impact scene...
I would think flotation devices would have floated or some of the luggage. Really a strange situation.
They said that the pilot turned off all the transponders in flight. Why not have a transponder that is only accessible from the outside? So the ground crew switches it on from the outside with some special key before takeoff, then they switch it off when the jet pulls into the gate.
What has been said is that it creates a lot of confusion with ATC when planes on the ground have their transponders on. Not a bad idea though; they could have one transponder that is altitude activated too, say at about 500 feet.
Yeah, something like that. Anything that is not defeatable by people or hackers in flight.
Does it really take an "expert" to figure out the piece of the plane had the same serial number as the same piece of the missing plane so it must be from the missing plane? Oh thank you so much experts.
I heard that it was the serial number but it could be wrong. I did hear it from the media.
"Speculation on the cause of the plane's disappearance has focused primarily on a possible mechanical or structural failure, a hijacking or terror plot, or rogue pilot action." Well, thanks for narrowing it down for us! They might be onto something here.
Why are people still questioning IF this piece is from 370? Do unknown airliners routinely crash into the Indian Ocean? Yes, it is from that jet!
A boeing 747 broke apart and sank near Mauritus. That's not to far from Reunion.
Anybody remember many of these so called aviation experts and pilots with all these ridiculous explanations on what happened to the plane. When the most obvious explanation, (a rogue suicidal pilot) was discounted as very unlikely.
If only those high school kids would stop throwing their Starbuck's cups and Boeing 777 wings into the water, we could be sure this is from Malaysia flight MH370. Come on! Of course it's from MH370. How many Boeing wings are floating around in the Indian Ocean!
Well apparently enough that a team of expert investigators need to travel from Malaysia to France to veery carefully examine it....lmao
Tell that to the so called experts, now they are taking the part of the wing in France!
It might have been planted by the same people who faked the moon landing.
An emergency transponder not connected to the plane system or pilots should have been on the plane.
There were two that should have sent signals to one of many orbiting satellites Neither deployed properly.
let Boeing tell us its part of the plane you reporters need to shut your pie holes and let Boeing do the job reporters are such dum #$%$ quit upsetting the families from the plane 370 please shut your faces until the truth comes out
"let Boeing tell us its part of the plane" They 99.9% did say it's part of the plane per the detailed pictures. It's a unique part in the aviation industry. They won't say 100% until the examine it in person.
What if I told you I don't care, That it makes no difference to me, that I couldn't care less.
I would doubt that because you decided to not only click on the article to read it, but then took extra time to post your comment to the story.
.... and hence the experiment was designed. .... part of of it is very old. It takes an open mind to raise questions. EXAMPLE - NASA did a survey and found out that whilst America was interested in the space program - most the world wasn't in the 70's and they had just landed on the moon. All the astronauts spoke of the same thing "how beautiful and peaceful our planet looked from outside" and "how vulnerable we were as a species afterwards". It solidified religion at the time but now we have more info. We need to prepare ourselves for complete disappearance of large aircraft/spaceships for globalisation and space venture. We are a young civilisation we humans.
Speculation on the cause of the plane's disappearance has focused primarily on a possible mechanical or structural failure, a hijacking or terror plot, or rogue pilot action. I think that covers everything except being except hit by a meteor. Nothing like a focused investigation.
How could they have possibly left out alien abduction?
I enjoy the landed at Diego Garcia theory....
@Roger Pankey, That is your theory: "after meteor hit the plane, the plane instead of crashing to the Earth, turned off from its rout to China, and started a long comfortable fly, making turns avoiding radars, until it finally reached the rest place, the South of Indian Ocean
@Kyle - Once it was there they retorfitted it as a submarine you know.
@JJmurray - and they threw pieces of the wing in the ocean as a distraction. Perfect plan.
@Kyle - It would have been perfect but Brian Williams apparently is now onboard that airplane/submarine so it's just a matter of time before he remembers to tell that story.
I think these so called experts are way off base. That looks like a piece of a Lockheed Electra. Finally, we have a solid clue in the Amelia Earhart mystery.
:) .. and that was in 1937 ... "these people had come from another world" ... in ........conspiracy ..... apparently. Some aliens are supposed to have inhabited our planet a long time ago. They found that the ape was unprepared although ready. they stayed to train us and left us - hence why the the conspiracy of a plane with scientists that had patents ..etc ... etc ...according to that theorem we humans get very close to finding out what they are. They look like us and have exactly the same dna structure. The difference is that - they are supposed to be programmed correctly - whilst we gotta dig around and find out stuff like what religion means, what science means etc ... we are are monkeys to them.. and this was there goodbye to us .. after leaving enough evidence of their presence like pyramids and inventions that we will will find its roots only to them .... like mummy duck and its siblings. They have been around until they were supposed to have build the first cities and taught us to do so and we follow in their footsteps unconsciously. .....most pyramids are over 5000 years old ..... this event was supposed to be a get away leaving a conscious mankind behind.
Well, either someone carried this piece of debris all the way from the Ukraine or it came from MH370. The one in Frisco didn't lose this piece so that one is out. It really doesn't take a genius to say it came from MH370.
The Boeing people were able to identify the part looking at it on their own TV. There's a 100% chance its from flight MH370.
what else could it be... are loads of 777 falling out of the sky and the news cant keep track of airplane wings that wash up on shore? Silly article
Hopefully this puts investigators much closer to finding the reasons for this and gaining closure for the victims' families.
Since there have only been 3 crashes of the 777, and two of them were over land, doesn't that confirm with 100 percent certainty that this is in fact, the plane in question?
If it is identified as a part from a trip7, then yes.
99.9%. Theoretically, the part *might* have broken free of an aircraft in flight, but that is spectacularly unlikely.
I'm not convinced that it's from a 777. A 747 broke apart near Mauritus and sank. To me that piece looks old.
Thinks look old fast when they are continuously immersed in seawater. Besides, it's been identified as a part specific to a 777.
The Australians still hear the pings coming from the black box.
Nothing new here except the stupidity of the news media.
Until more evidence is discovered, investigators will just have to wing it.
Let me guess, someone planted that flaperon there to throw off investigators and the public??? People and their imaginations.
Don't let any truth hinder your thorough brain-washing, 666...
I was so much hoping finally found Amelia Earhart.
So, now we know something that we already knew. Flight MG370 a Boeing 777 went down in the Indian Ocean. The question remains; why was it over the Indian Ocean.
Well at least this finding can finally shut all the conspiracy theorists up. Families can come to some form of closure but it'll still be a needle in a haystack in finding the rest of the plane and the all important black boxes. Who knows how far that part drifted. I hope they do find the rest of the plane and with finding this piece of wing at least they wont give up on the search now
Ha...you think you can silence the stupid with evidence and facts? Think again.
Andy..........that's FUX news is so popular.
It will not shut them up. They are already on to zany theories of how giant martian Gila monsters planted the evidence to deflect attention from their impending invasion.
CNN is the absolute worst at their relentless BS coverage and speculation. Their 24/7 experts had no clue. Let the facts speak for themselves as this unfolds.
I just want the black holes theory to disappeared. I am terrified by the notion that Earth has collapsed stars.
Do you mean the galaxies, the heavens has collapsed stars not here on earth.
They've already confirmed the piece is a flaperon from a Boeing 777. I also heard on TV two days ago that there is only one unaccounted for Boeing 777 in the world and that is MH370. Identifying the part by the serial number stamped on the inside will simply confirm what must surely be true...MH370 went down with no survivors.
What about the 50 million dead babies killed by Planned Parenthood? Isn't that important too?
seats float, foam insulation floats, some plastic items float but only a metal flap and one suitcase show up. the mystery deepens.
Unless Boeing is lying there currently are no missing aircraft around. So the trash found is from a 777. Not from a 747 etc.
Just blame Russia for it, The US, Ukraine, Europe and Canada is blaming Russia or China for it anyhow and it does not matter even if they did not do anything.
Get your flight numbers right before you blame the US, etc., for this mishap. Or are you really that stupid?
If it was from 777 then next step is to study, analyze ocean current to trace the down plan! good luck!
They already said that it would be nearly impossible.
Hey but the earth man said that was the next step, so it must be. I am so relieved that he was here to tell us what the next step will be.
Sure does take a long time to plug a serial number into a database.
The Indian ocean is the garbage heap of all the oceans. That piece of Debris is most likely from MH370, But it could also be a piece of junk that was lost from a recycling transport at some point in time. I think that is why they are waiting for analysis.
Actually, the Western Indian Ocean is still one of the cleanest oceanic areas on the planet. But by all means... don't let a little thing like facts get in the way of your making a dramatic opening statement.
My Bad, I thought I said "Indian ocean", Not Western Indian ocean........................
Surely this air tragedy is catastrophic for the families of the victims, and a final resolution is sorely needed. Although there is absolutely nothing humerous about this incident, some jest has to be leveled at the conspiricy nuts who were dead certain the aircraft was forced to land at a remote/hidden location for sinister reason(s), and a huge ransom would soon be demanded. Oh, how we just LOVE to spin conspiricy theories, and how we adore sticking to them without a single shred of evidence in support. Up to this finding, there has been nothing to support any possibility of the cause(s) of the disappearance of this aircraft. If it is finally confirmed as being a part of the exact lost aircraft, kindly stick it too anyone you know who swore the entire incident would result in the aircraft being found on Fantasy Island with Mr Roark and Tatoo catering to their guests every need. As of this day, NO ONE knows why this aircraft disappeared, but a water crash seems to be the likely fate it suffered. STAND BY for the final analysis, and stuff the conspiricy theories where the sun doesn't shine. They only make a person look VERY stupid when they are conpletely destroyed!
Lol, maybe you should also stand by. The "final analysis" is not yet in. What if that piece belongs to another plane? Highly unlikely, but still gotta wait before you make fun of other folks.
As long as you have a prevalence of right wing brains there will always be conspiracy theories. Irrefutable evidence to the contrary has little meaning to them as they only double down with a slightly modified version of their original believes. Some to save face, others because of indoctrinated ignorance. Typically the same brains types that keep the tabloids in business.
it is a part from "a" 777, that is what they said true "a 777 part" it could have been a decoy planted from the beginning. it could have easily been entire stolen plane.
RV THIS PIECE OF POSSIBLY FABRICATED JUNK FOUND MAY BE FROM A PLANE BUT IT IS NOT MH 370 MORE LIKELY MH WAS HIJACKED AND THE PLANE TAKEN TO A REMOTE LOCATION FOR THOSE IF YOU EVER SERVED KNOW THERE IS AN ABUNDANCE OF OLD GHOST TOWN BASES THROUGHOUT SOUTH EAST ASIA FORMELY USED BY THE SOVIETS NOW USED BY MUSLIM ISLAM TERRORISTS AND DRUG LORDS WITH FUNCTIONING TARMACS SO SAVE IT RV SOUND OFF PEOLE
Some idiocy has to be leveled at people who can't comprehend other possibilities than the tripe that is spoon-fed to them by mainstream media...
RV, you opened up the door marked "NUTS"
@Neil: "Irrefutable evidence to the contrary has little meaning to them." I think you need to re-examine your definitions of the word "irrefutable"...
Pat H RUDE STATEMENTS SUCH AS YOURS DOES NOTHING TO CONTRIBUTE READ NEXT TIME THINK BEFORE YOU SPEAK
Too bad Planet X or the 2.5 mile size asteroid is scheduled to wipe out the Earth in September.
Yes, conspiracy nuts LOVE drama. They can't stand the fact that sh1t happens all the time without the help of nefarious agents.
Until a couple of days ago, they had ZERO clue as to where this plane was. And at this point, we are still clueless as to what happened. Why is that part where it is? Based upon the "experts" they have been searching very much in the wrong location, so what really did happen? Until 9/11, did you ever think someone would fly a plane into a building???
What the #$%$ efficiency the west has with all the technologies that the debris has still not been identified after several days of being found?
Is it just me or is it kind of interesting that missing flight MH370 debris has been found near an island called "Reunion"?? Hope the families can finally get some closure on this tragedy.
It's the Aliens throwing us a bone to get us off their scent. They are probing those passengers and laughing at us right now.
Jimbo needs to get off hard liquor. It messes with the brain.
..... the alien theorem comes in as a result of the patent theorem. the plane was supposed to be an experimental p[lane that was supposed to have had enough tech to fly to another galaxy ( an invention that even other aliens lookout for - if this is true then some of earth's brightest brains have been stolen by aliens )...... in that theorem 300 people go missing from earth .....supposed to be aliens who modified us to this human form we know ... as in the guys responsible for chromosome 2 ... they told their stories in stuff like the bible, quran, buddhist texts, hinduism texts, story books, movies etc specifically dragon tales ( humans killed off dinosaurs ) matrix (self explanation), avatar (self explanation), planet of the apes ( their goodbye to us ). They are supposed to manifest a human being ( and take control like in Islamic explanation of Gene and scientific for alien hence the term "was possessed by a demon or god" ) our prophets are supposed to be scientists who wrote what they observed and why we cannot explain stuff like pyramids. We are supposed to be build in their own image and they have set steps for us to follow.... etc
1 if this plane had crashed ya have piece all over PERIOD, like all plane crashes on water, the other 777 plane explosion over the water last year from south america can have drifted that far by now cause of currents
Half a world away? In a different ocean? Please look at an ocean current chart. You'll see how stupid your post is.
What other 777 crash. The article says there have only been 3 and none of the were in South America.
What other 777 plane explosion over the water? The other two crashes have been over land.
657BB is not a part number, but a location number. In this case it happens to be an upper access panel location on the leading edge of a 777 flaperon, so that matches.
The timing is suspicious. Right when Congress leaves on a 5-week vacation. Did they vote themselves a hefty raise again and need this "cover story" for deflection?
Is it MH370? Yahoo special speculation report on plane debris discovery. Lets call it what it really is.
Obvious questions: Would a flaperon float? Would it break off the plane easier than other parts?
Obvious answers---Yes, It will and yes, it did....................
'Yes' is easy to say Dirt Rider, but do you actually know anything? I googled it, all kinds of people speculating. But certainly someone knows if the cavities are sealed or foam filled, or not? And one out there involved in construction or repair of these things?
Welcome to the 24 hour news cycle. 10th article I've seen today saying nothing new- of course it's from MH370.... it's not like there are dozens of 777s that went down in the Indian Ocean. I understand the officials can't come out and say that until they're certain, but I guess that doesn't stop the media from writing "suspense-filled" articles about whether or not it's from that flight.
so what they're telling us after wasting millions of dollars is that they've come to the conclusion that it crashed into the ocean like most of us already knew.
noone ever doubted that, except conspiracy nutters. You have to admit that it was necessary to try to find it. What I never understood, is why Australia had to front the search and pay for it- it was Malaysian, and had majority Chinese on it. Let those MFers look for it, we don't owe them any favors, especially Malaysia.
I plan to sell everything I own and move to that island, I will use, "The Sex Lives of Cannibals" as a guide to my new paradise.
I think it's the lavatory door from Amelia Earhart's plane.
More than likely the PILOT took off, locked out the co-pilot took the plane to 46,000 ft after turning off the Oxygen to the cabin and flew on with the crew oxygen mask and then did a "soft" landing (like US Air in the Hudson) somewhere in the middle of the Indian Ocean so the plane sank virtually in tact. Probably never to be found.
You're brilliatn! Everyone else has said the same thing over and over............
Malaysian authorities confirmed Friday that plane wreckage washed up on an Indian Ocean island was from a Boeing 777, meaning the part is almost this is part that gets me , why do they need officials to tell you ,yes it is a 777 part , are there other missing planes that size . or are they saying ,you are stupid unless you are a official of some sort .
I hope that those who lost their loved ones can get closure. I don't understand why there wasn't debris sooner than this. Really odd.
Why do they keep saying there is some mystery as to whether the plane is in the Indian Ocean?
Why are they always carrying it around? Either sell it or throw it in the trash.
hate to be a thorn in their side but does anyone have any idea how long it had been there? Would that not be a factor in back tracking?
I mean come on... Prayers to the family but let us be real. It's a pc. of a wing part that comes from a 777 AND MH370 IS THE ONLY ONE MISSING IN THE WORLD PERIOD!
you got it....and with the numbers showing it was part of the wing already we just need to look at current flow in that part of the world and start looking for the bigger parts
Seems suspicious that the small piece (and only piece found) has a triple 7 number on it.
it does? I heard it said BB657..
When you figure that EVERY part on a plane has an ID number on it of some form that can tie it to a specific type of plane than no, it does not seem suspicious at all.
What puzzles me is why the USA, both civil and military, has been so silent and quiet about the case, as if they knew something. Normal healthy human reaction is being confused and "upset" at least, if you don`t know anything better. Those civil airplanes do not have "stealth" properties, thus, how can it possibly get "lost" from military radar surveillance? Not knowing and having seen anything at all is quite betraying & disqualifying to any satelites and radars in the area. Well, luckily it showed up by the French. The oceans are very well inspected by Argus- devices in our days, so I believe its path of drifting will be fairly well reconstructed, and that we can look forward to a surprize.
None of this make sense, 1. Why is it taking so long to send the part to the Lab in France? 2. Why isn't it being sent to Boeing for analysis? 3. The flight path of 370 was North of the Equator ( Northern Hemisphere ! 4. La Reunion Island is in the Southern Hemisphere (South of the Equator) The trade winds rotate Clockwise as do Cyclones and Typhoons. The area of the supposed crash site is North East of La Reunion. Therefore wreckage would have been swept North East. to ward the Arabian Sea and Bay of Bengal. 5. There is confusion of the photographs, some show the questionable part on flat green grass a fare distance from the Ocean. Others show four guys carrying the part towards the water! Could it be that due to the time and expense of this search that a manufactured result is being organized in order to call off the search and save money? I think this is a coverup and conspiracy to hide the truth or create a false closure. There are just too many coincidences and God has nothing to do with it.
sure is--the space aliens are hiding the fact that Bigfoot was piloting the plane--he was drunk and it would make the Illumaniti look bad.
A conspiracy theory for every occasion.
Kevin, Instead of being so childish, and accepting everything your told to be factual, try asking questions and do some real thinking.. Although you probably still think Oswald was guilty as hell..
What if the oxygen to the cabin and cockpit had been turned off just like the transponder was? I don't know of anyone that uses 'airplane mode' on their cell phones and it's odd no one called to say there was an issue with the aircraft or odd behavior from the pilots.
Cell phones don't work at the altitudes airlines fly and they don't work over the oceans.
So good to know that all the talking heads have something else to chew on besides the lame Republican campaign season. We will get to hear all the news about every speck of debris floating in the Indian Ocean. None of it will solve this tragedy. Good luck on the Black Box
To me, it looks like Amelia Earhart's propeller.
If it is MH370, the human remains have long since been devoured by sea life. Let's hope whatever pieces of the aircraft they find can solve the mystery.
Nothing better than when the logical outcome happens so the brain dead conspiracy theorists can finally eat crow and shut the hell up.
I like to at least think of the options of what happened... before 9/11, did anyone actually think people would actually hijack a plane and fly it into a building? So at this point, who knows what might have happened. Was it a suicide by pilot? Was it a hijacking by the pilot? Hijacking by 3rd party to kill people? Hijacking to kidnap people (there were some hi-tech people on the plane)? Until we know what happened, and we many never know, all we can do is guess.
How does finding one piece of debris create a logical outcome for you? It could very easily have been dumped at sea from a ship recently and floated there. More debris should have washed up w it
MJ:I agree. I'm referring to the lunatics that said this flight was in a hangar somewhere ready to be laced with nukes or that it was made up and same plane as MH17. N: you do understand it is a specific part of a Boeing 777 of which no other planes have crashed into the Indian Ocean. You act as if it's random debris lol. Use your brain if you're capable.
they say we know more about space then we do our own oceans, I don't find it surprising at all that we can fly past Pluto but not find MH370. I also hope this kind of thing inspires people to find ways to learn more about our own planet before we go chasing stars.
657BB is a Boeing 777 Flaperon edge pannel. It is a confirmed piece of the missing flight Mh370. However the rest of the plane is missing and they still do not know where that is or why it crashed..
But MH370 has to be near Reunion Island. So why aren't authorities searching the ocean floor near Reunion Island?
i guess since there were no cellphone calls from the airplane everyone must have been dead before they knew anything was wrong.
Agreed. Cell service is sometimes spotty here on the ground, let along 7 miles high and a thousand miles out over the ocean.
The piece might be from the very airship, but that tells nothing of what/why caused the dissappearance of the 777. It doesn't end conspiracy theories; no big deal to throw part of the plane in the ocean along with some garbage-remnicient of the film, "The Man Who Never Was".
In a world of relative truth, the diligence surrounding the search for this plane, and the detail involved in determining if this is the plane and how it came down - tells us all that there is absolute truth. So why do we say that a man is a woman and call him "she"; or a woman is a man and call her "he"; or a transgender should be celebrated and is not a confused individual in need of mental help? We will find out the truth about this airplane.
So this is now about Caitlin Jenner? Wait...I just saw your screen name. Never mind.
I agree that someone needs some mental help.
John - Yes, because liberals never push their agendas on anyone. You're tolerant to your ideas but if someone has their opinion then it's hate. They can live their lives how they want but they are still the gender that science says they are.
How was TheUglyAmerican pushing an agenda? I didn't say you were pushing an agenda either. I said liberals in general since you say republicans push theirs. I guess less government interference in your lives is bad?
The statement simply underscores that there is absolute truth. Since there is absolute truth, if people don't know the right thing to do, they should be told the right thing to do - and they should be told to do the right thing.
For those of us who are geographically challenged it sure would have been nice to show us a map of where this was found vs the flight plan.
Near the bottom of Africa's eastern side almost straight across from Australia. The plane was was last seen on radar heading southwest from Malaysia which actually almost lines up where this debris was found, to convenient if you ask me.
@david I think they are saying the currents shifted this piece ... And the currents in the Indian Ocean are very strong.... Know this from shark week... Great whites Use them to swim from Africa to Australia
If the plane crashed out in the middle of the ocean this piece would be well below ocean currents to drag it back up to the surface, it is always possible that the currents held it from sinking but highly unlikely.
my god how much can the news media milk out of this "story" its been covered from who poured the aluminum who manufactured the paint, what was the water temperature, was the water wet and how wet was it was it salty and just how salty and the name of the guy that sprayed the stencil and what happened to the stencil? give it a #$%$ rest!!!!!!!!
There goes my Muslim Extremist Martian theory.
Martians are too evolved to be muslims.
I know ... Get in line! Take a number! LOL
That piece looks pretty clean for being in the ocean for over a year. Having owned an ocean going boat, I wish I knew how to keep my hull from accumulating barnacles and misc. growth without paying to have it cleaned on a regular basis.
I believe it was reported that they started cleaning it off before they realized what it was and called authorities.
They've said they're not sure that's even from MH370.
I did not think it was at a guess, but it is now looking more likely that it is.
I'm not ready to say it isn't from MH370, I just have questions about how long the items have been in the water.
And to think Australia got stuck with a search bill of over $60 million for someone else's problem.
Oh boo hoo...the Australians hardly pull their weight on anything.
They were there for the Vietnam war.
@ Justa Fool: "60 million? The US spends that every day feeding and caring for illegals." Please cite an authority on that one.
It wasn't only the Australi,a lot of other countries help with the search including USA, as usual.
@ Doggie Mom -- the following is from National Center for Policy Analysis, Justa Guy is low on his 60 million number. I have omitted alot of numbers; but this is based on the typical American Household and their average income and tax payments. --- The average illegal immigrant is 34 years old. If he receives amnesty, he will receive government benefits for 50 years. Some amnesty proposals suggest restricting benefit access for the first 13 years after amnesty, but that limit would have little impact on long-term costs. Over the course of a lifetime, 11.5 million illegal immigrants granted amnesty would receive $9.4 trillion in government benefits after paying just $3.1 trillion in taxes. --- So paying into the system $3.1 trillion, receiving $9.4 trillion leaves a $6.3 trillion shortage in paying for the benefits of illegal aliens over the next 50 years. That translates to $126 billion per year which equals $345 million per DAY.
What about Reunion's sister island, Mauritius? Any debris there? That would be a good indicator seeing as Mauritius is basically upstream of the primary ocean current in the region.
I'm sure YOU are the ONLY one in the world--including experts at modeling currents and experts in the current geographical location of the find--that has come up with such a brilliant plan.
@Michael, why do your brilliant mind and your professional experts had never before considered the modeling ocean current, as an important key to where to find the floated plane debris?
It's too far away and it's too windy to go there. Maybe next year.
@marora. I suspect you have to know where the plane crashes before you can use current modeling to track the floating debris. If you read the article, you would know they don't put much faith in trying to backtrack the piece of debris, it's been too long and it could have entered this particular current from any of several other currents in the Indian Ocean Let's hope they can they can use it to assist in finding the plane but confidence is very low.
It seems to reason this "part" is indelibly from flight MH370 since there is only one Boeing 777 missing on earth, unless someone is throwing away 777 flaperons. The "part" was identified almost immediately. Peace and closure for the families in their loss.
"Truss said accident investigators would be keen to examine the part to try to find out how it may have separated from the rest of the jet and "whether there's any evidence of fire or other misadventure on the aircraft." Misadventure? Do you think?
Could it be that the so-called satellite data experts were wrong, and that the plane flew over the Maldives as the locals there reported? Seems far-fetched that debris made it to Reunion without running into other archipelagos from the supposed crash site west of Australia.
So you are an ocean current expert. Done a lot of studies yourself. So what's the maximum distance something could have moved floating in the ocean for this length of time, Mr. Expert.
That is why I think they should also search near La Reunion Island.
Bruce - not an ocean current expert, just someone with good common sense... Experts who believe theory and discount direct observation to the contrary aren't going to be right.
Anyone who watches enough air disasters knows this is a goldmine of information waiting to be deciphered. Most importantly an examination of the damage should reveal a lot about the impact. Just from the photo of the ripped metal edges it looks like a large force caused separation. That would at the least rule out an attempted water ditching by the pilot.
why would not attempted ditching, or any other water impact, being great forces to bear?
How could anyone down vote this ? It's straight facts.
It would rule out an attempted ditching because a ditching involves slowing the plane to stall speed and putting it down in the water. It wouldn't cause damage to a flaperon akin to this picture.
Curiosity: does this piece have an air pocket that kept it afloat? It is metal. Just what were the circumstances that brought this part to shore?
Depending on what something is made of and how it is made, it can "float" somewhere between the bottom of the ocean and the surface; ie., it doesn't necessarily have to float on the surface where it can easily be seen but rather below the surface where it cannot easily be seen.
24/7 piece by piece coverage with commentaries by CNN until every piece found.
you complain about too much coverage and others complain about details being left out. you cant please everyone.
Turn the tv off, there is no news on it anyway. It's all speculative entertainment.
666 has a good point. The 24 hour news cycle isnt meant to be watched for all 24 hours. It is set up to where no matter what time of the day you tune in you can catch the news items you wanted to see and then move on to a movie/sports/tv show channel. all news stations sound the same after 5 minutes.
I'm sure the passengers' families and friends appreciate it.
A Ted Turner biased news rag that should have been shut down years ago. You can get better news from cat or dog.
well...I like good news..I'll check with my dog
Well, you just run along and obsess about the BS you see on Fux Noise and let the adults talk.
It's hard for me to imagine that after a year everyone involved in the search wouldn't have a list of every # on that particular aircraft. It's also hard for me to imagine that anything could prevent a "Mayday" call during a 4 thousand mile fight to the area that is been deemed a "logical" crash sight.
How many passenger planes are missing in the world? Duh!
All 777's have been accounted for except one.
It was fun reading all the ridiculous conspiracy theories while they lasted.
Todd G is a simpleton, thinks the plane has actually been found--must be a Obama voter.
They announced yesterday that the recovered parts were definitely from a 777. They also said that there was only one 777 that was unaccounted for. It doesn't take Sherlock Holmes to figure out where they came from.
Australians didn't find the plane because they searched in the wrong place. The plane was flying to the West and not to the South !
It's most likely Amelia Earhart's plane. I can tell from the rivet spacing on the side and I've been working on planes for 20 years!
Conspiracy theorist hearts are breaking all over the world as they struggle to find another angle.
Weigh in from a non-expert: 1. Part could have fallen off any airplane of that type. 2. Each and every part of that sort carries a serial number, denoting in the records which airplane it came from. To speculate before research isn't helpful.
If a 777 lost part or all of their flap, I would assume that it would be known, also, I don't know how on Earth a flap would come off in mid flight, it would have to have happened during a crash. There have been only 5 777's that the plane was written off due to damage, none have crashed over open water. There were 1. Crashed short of runway London 2. Fire while refueling in Denver 3. Crashed in SF on the runway 4. Flight 370 (we don't know what happened yet, may never) 5. Flight 17 shot down over the Ukraine.
MJ, back in the 80's i almost got hit by a flap panel flying off a 747. Not unusual, plus with the maintenance standards of that area no telling how many of these panels have fluttered down without being reported.
Give me a serial number. And, prove it is not planted to take the heat off 370's real landing on Diego Garcia. That black op gets a new cover story but so late in the game.
I guess I must have missed the backstory for this conspiracy theory. Explain.
I posted full story on Yahoo News comments back when it all happened. Short of the story is usa lost a package of anthrax and had to get it back via Diego Garcia. There is much more to the real story, but now the relatives need a planted part for legal stuff, etc.
Anthrax??? If conspiracy theories were my thing, I think I'd come up with something more plausible than that. I hesitate to ask...what's the source of this one?
Look up my previous postings. This is a long story and supported by facts every step of the black ops way. The anthrax had to be picked up by CDC Atlanta and they slipped up and announced in news that 50 employees may have been exposed. It is all out there, just need to look.
A commercial Air France flight carrying the debris was due to land at Paris' Orly airport on Saturday morning at around 6:00 am (0400 GMT). It will be transported to Toulouse for analysis in a defence ministry laboratory. My question is why is it going to France at all? And you can't spell "defense"?
1. Reunion is a French island/overseas department. As the debris washed up on a French beach, the French are in charge of this part of the investigation/analysis. 2. "Defence" is British English.
#2. My British mother is going to laugh that I didn't know that.
We know that only one B777 has crashed into the Indian Ocean. We know that this part is from a B777. This part floated ashore on an island in the Indian Ocean East of Africa. Baggage is starting to surface. Many of us (not journalist who make money manufacturing news) who are knowledgable in this area, could have given you these details months ago.
If my math is correct, the MH370 went down on March 8, 2014 and voila - 16 months later, a piece of the wreckage miraculously surfaces. Wait a minute - don't you think pieces of the wreckage would have surfaced by now. Oh yes, 16 months later a piece of the MH370 appears. Is that all we have? Something is wrong. No one has discussed the fact that between March 2014 and July 2015, we have only one piece of the wreckage. I doubt if the plane went down intact. But why only one piece of the aircraft has been found. Any comments?
I think you are not very bright.
28.4 million square miles. Not surprisingly, debris is hard to spot.
Does it look broken apart and weathered by the sea, or deliberately cut off and planted? Let the conspiracy theories continue. Jeez with all the equipment available how can it NOT be found in the sea?
The families already know, They don't need official conformation now, They're all smart enough to come to the same conclusion we did with this new info.
If it's the only 777 that's been wrecked or missing then what's the problem The wing didn't come from Emalia Earhart's plane. There is no other jet missing or wrecked. Why spend the money shipping it to France for the ID. Send somebody from Boeing to say "Yeah that's it" and start searching for the rest. I doubt they'll ever find large parts or human remains. Just say "Yeah it crashed and there are no survivors" Simple
Indian Ocean is 27,240,000 sq mi, the United States are 3,618,780 sq mi. Finding this plane, considering it's underwater, is impossible. We will probably never know what happened, so the crazies will keep posting conspiracy theories. When proven wrong, they will just move on to the next crazy theory.
As I recall people from all over the world were scouring satellite photos of the Indian ocean looking for any sign of the missing plane funny they missed this.
It would be a tiny spec on a satellite photo. Easily mistaken or overlooked as a white cap of a wave on the water.
Jason, If this part did come from 370 it proves that there was a debris field. Not just a tiny spec but perhaps hundreds of floating debris.Exactly what they were searching for.
Not really. What it proves is that at least ONE piece broke loose from the rest of the plane and could float. The bulk of the plane could easily still be mostly intact and sunk to the bottom. You could be correct that there could be hundreds of pieces floating around, but finding one piece DOES NOT prove that.
The US or Australia should be allowed to take samples of the Barnacles to be analyzed.
What the heck are barnacles going to tell you? I bet they can see a photo and tell that the amount of growth on the piece makes perfect sence and if the numbers match the planes numbers, what else do you need to know ??
The real question is does anyone believe that piece of debris was actually floating all this time?
Tom Hanks was using it for his next movie.
I don't see why not. Things float around the ocean for years without every being "found", why not something like this?
Well maybe Jason it might be because the piece is denser than water and from the pictures shown it has no sealed compartment to allow it to float.
A Boeing 747 broke up inflight and sank near Reunion in 1987. Could very well be part of that aircraft. I know the article says that it is from a 777. But, that comment is from Malaysian authorities.
You would have no way to tell if it had "no sealed compartments" from the pictures the have shown. You are only seeing a little of the outside. There is plenty of room in there for sealed compartments and trapped air to keep something this light afloat.
Negative, not near enough airspace to keep it afloat.
It is made of foam core composits. It would float quite well.
David - You are digging yourself into a deeper and deeper hole. You don't know what you are talking about, better to stop trying now and save what little credibility you might have. Most people fully understand that things like this can and do float all the time.
I must say there are some really stupid remarks on this article. Please be nice for the sake of those who have lost their loved ones.
It is understandable that the wreckage, if confirmed to be from the ill-fated MH370, will unavoidably bring a bittersweet(?) feeling to the loved ones of the passengers onboard. But at least it will bring a closure rather than a torn feeling which would be more excruciating.
"I believe that we are moving closer to solving the mystery of MH370. This could be the convincing evidence that MH370 went down in the Indian Ocean," Everybody knew . Real Question is why & was it a deliberate attempt by Pilot, Mechanical Failure, was it a Terrorist attack How much time Pilot had . How did it Disappear from Radar
Who cares? The passengers fattened up the sharks many months ago.
OK here the logic, if no 777 was missing before and you find a 777 part, then it belongs to the missing plane brought down by an explosion of lithium ion batteries in the cargo area.
Bruce - You were doing fine until you conjectured a reason.
I'm hoping the mystery is solved just to put all of the conspiracy theories to rest.
There was a setback today when some natives took the debris & made a picknik table out of it. the French are trying to get it back but the natives want red cloth in return & the French only have white cloth with them in case they have to surrender.
I still maintain that it had something to do with the large shipment of Lithium ion batteries, probably sowed right next to oxygen generators in the cargo hold.
Or it could have been the stinger missiles stowed by both......
Knowing how long it took the mollusks to grow on the wing would give you a time frame, but no one is mentioning that.
What time frame? We know when he went down.
The age of the mollusks would be when the wing went into the water.
I don't think that it is MH370. I think somebody found some 777 parts and put them down there to confuse the earth. That's what I think.
Not sure how anyone can come to the conclusion that it was mechanical or structural when all of the systems were purposely shut off.
Leave it up to Fox News...they are reporting that it's a toe nail off Godzilla's left foot.
Just washed up on shore uh? Does the time line fit and follow the ocean currents? What about all the debris that would float? like the seat cushions... big fat zero so far... This line is just brilliant... how many primary focuses are there??? focused primarily on a possible mechanical or structural failure, a hijacking or terror plot, or rogue pilot action. I'll wait for Boeing to confirm the part. I assume they are flying their experts out also. Closure? Sorry to be blunt, but your family and friends are dead. Finding out how they died will change what exactly? Lawsuits?
Well, it'll shut up the conspiracy idiots who think the flight landed in some yadda yadda place
No barnacles on a part that was floating for over a year???? STOP THE LIES!
In the sad affair of MH370, this may be a god news that at least there is now a hope of getting to the final stage of resolution. I hope Australian authorities will run a model of ocean currents which may shed light on where the aircraft may be on the ocean bed. Just a thought. I am sure they are doing all they can.
There is no mystery. The govts. knows exactly what happen to the airliner and the people aboard. I smell cover up / black op. Must have been someone(s) who needed to be eliminated. Nothing happens on this planet with out the powers that be don't have a hand in or know about.
"We need to eliminate Badger. Let's contact the wet work team that made Sparrow disappear." "I have a better idea, Number One. Let's blow up an entire friggin' airliner so that the news can be plastered all over the world-wide media, 24/7, for MONTHS!"
If they'd have used the tried and true old method of signal triangulation rather than experimental tools, they'd have found it in the first place.
Are their really people who consider this news? The people on the plane have all been dead for months. It was a terrible incident whether it was deliberate or accidental but it's over. It's history not news.
I'm not a conspiracy theorist mind you, but even then I highly doubt that this is a piece of wreckage from MH370. I'll wait for them to say whether it is or isn't.
If finding 1 part of a plane that MIGHT be from the crash 5,000 miles away gets them 'closer than ever', they really don't have much.
Wing Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing found in Reunion Island, From July 2014: Boeing 777 hoax: Although there were zero dead the total number of "women and girls" killed by the nazzos in Donetsk and Lugansk is more than ten times the illuminati media's "conservative estimate" of 626 until Jun 2014. news.yahoo.---/more-6-400-killed-amid-tremendous-hardship-ukraine-112335104.html BASICS All fake: from still ongoing Malaysia Boeing 777 downed over Ukraine to Boston Marathon bombings ending with anyone sentenced to death for anythin": "Putin" in the MAIN role to convince the audience that these are real events. Not to mention theater such as "FIFA Blatter reelected only to be arrested and jailed". Malaysia Boeing 777 downed over Ukraine The core lie of an event totally staged with actors: - a plane crashed, or in other words: there were not ZERO dead passengers. This is the core lie because exposing it implies exposing two underlying core lies: - "Putin" is NOT part of the conspiracy. - government of Republic of Donetsk, installed after the May 16 coup with russian Alexander Borodai as prime-minister, is NOT part of the conspiracy. Reminder: The most important reason to use fake instead of real victims is to have everyone in the cast say nothing but what is scripted. Had a real airliner been downed the victim's families would blame the obvious culprits not the scripted ones. ** end-times-reductionism.blog+spot -- 2014/07
You must really enjoy copying and pasting your conspiracy #$%$ all over the net. You seem to spend a heck of a lot of time doing it.
They find the only piece of debris and all of a sudden they are closer to solving this mystery than ever? You thin?
“It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts.” Sherlock Holmes
But if you wait to have all the data, you might never start.
Another Government BS. I have a question? Why does that part look like it has not even being on water. you would think that part would look discolor,old,rusted,Sea water always ruin things fast specially if you are telling me that plane is being missing in the ocean over a year. Give me a break!
hello, it is covered in goddamn barnacles...ever seen barnacles walking around on dry land.??? as for rust, it is not iron and steel, is high grade aluminium/Mag..wake up.s
What are you looking at? The part I am seeing sure looks like it has been in the water a long time.
Just need to hang around that beach now. The rest pf the plane, passengers and luggage should be drifting in any time now.
Barnacles only take days/weeks to form. The plane was blown up by terrorists and the govt (headed by the US) cleaned up the debris the very first day. In a criminal investigation that's a "who done it", investigators try to get a lead. This case has gone cold, so they planted the wing over there in hopes that the terrorists will say something so that they can get a lead. It's lame as hell since the terrorists only need to say something (claim credit) if people don't know who did it. But everyone in Malaysia and the US govts know exactly who did it. This is just more fail from the Obama administration who concocted this plan. The Malaysian govt benefits from allowing the US to head this up because they entire thing gets "hushed". The last thing the Malaysian govt wants is for people to stop flying Malaysian Airlines and so they benefit greatly in this cover up. It's quite Juvenile since there is no need for the terrorists to confess and because they're not stupid they never will. Now think about it guys, there would be tons of floating debris from the wreckage that would have showed up everywhere by now but it hasn't because there is a cover up and that first day all the debris was cleaned up and kept under lock and key. You know for a fact, and we saw this on 911, that if a plane is Hijacked, everyone knows where it is and many cell phone calls are made. That didn't happen because the plane was blown up instantly and the govts knew just exactly where and how it happened. We know those two Iranians with false passports blew it up, and it's happened against since, twice.
You are a an idiot and a complete friggin' loon. Please have your doctor up your medication or get a lobotomy to spare everyone from your blabbering.
You think there's more terror in the public not knowing that the plane was intentionally destroyed, than in a terrorist group claiming responsibility? I don't see how anyone is going to be terrorized by a plane that crashed under unknown circumstances, so you'd think every single terrorist organization in the world would have already claimed credit, whether they had anything to do with it. or not.
Don, you are off your meds again. I just hope you don't own a lot of guns.
Conspiracy freaks are clearly not giving up, judging by the postings. But considering they haven't accepted the accounts of 9/11, fourteen years later, or those of JFK's assassination, over fifty years later, this is no surprise. The human mind is frail.
The mind is NOT frail. It is designed for pattern recognition and if it doesn't FIND a pattern, it often IMAGINES one to avoid the frustration of failure or conflicting info.
What happened is likely that the plane was allowed to fly even though was not up to the standards for flight, al to help a company make a profit. Greed kills.
It looks like a Big Game animal target practice board that one of Rape Cloud (Donald Trump's Indian name) illegitimate kids was shooting at for target practice before they went on a killing spree blowing the brains out of endangered wild cats and animals in Africa just like John Russell Houser did to those 2 Hispanic women in Louisiana to help get Donald elected I bet.
That little piece worked incredibly hard to make it back to the surface and then find land. Now honor it by finding the wreck that it finally managed to tear free from.
It's likely on the ocean floor which may be too deep even for the submersibles we have now.
Maybe so, but at least a sonar could confirm the shape of fuselage, engines, wings, etc. and mark the spot and allow the families to go there and have a memorial, throw some wreaths, etc.
This is all total BS. That wing was planted there by the govt. The plane was blown up by terrorists and the govt picked up the debris the first day. So they took this wing and planted it over there. It's a ruse by the govt to flush the terrorists out, the blunder is they think they need to. They only need to if the govt in Malaysia doesn't know who did it and they do. The "cover up was concocted by the Obama administration. His tactics are just beyond stupid and juvenile.
No, they put the wing in the ocean for a while for barnacles to form, in case they need to plant the wing later. It's not that complicated. That's why they get paid the big bucks after all. What a pathetic waste. They know who did this, and that's why the terrorists will never confess. Because they don't need to. Anyway, as we have already seen, you're going to see more Malaysian planes blown up in the future.
Don Stern: Crawl back under the bush. There is a Gray waiting to make your dinner!
@El Guapo who wrote: "An emergency transponder...should have been on the plane. " Sir Yes there were TWO very sophisticated Transponders on a 777 (not including ones on life rafts). The external ones transmit a 406 Mhz signal to one of a number of Satellites whose purpose is to pick up emergency beacon signals. Why neither of these transponders apparently ever activated is one of the mysteries of this plane.
Occam's razor. There's only two possibilities. The evidence has been planted or this is debris from the original wreck untouched til now. Either way, it's obvious to any reasonable person that this came from MH370. :)
Occam's razor? Um, no. Occam's razor would COMPLETELY rule out the crazy conspiracies like this has been planted. (I'm guessing you don't get what Occam's razor actually means).
Syria March 2013: "Liberation of Raqqa" hoax - fake rebels enter the Syria war Why and how illuminati created the Raqqa mini-state Original goal was only to discredit the real rebels. This is why the hoax was initially propagated as "Raqqa liberated by Al-Nusra and Free Syrian Army" and the fake rebels dressed used the same black flag as AL-Nusra. Mercenaries sent by the illuminati puppet governments of Turkey (NATO), Saudi Arabia and Russia (chechens) dressed as jihadists entered Syria at Tal Abyad (turkish border) on their way to "liberate Raqqa". Puppet Assad's official forces simply pulled back from the city while keeping a nearby base. BASICS war-on-terrror.blog+spot. -- /2014/07/
It's Amelia Earhart, and it proves that little green men shot down the airliner over Soviet Red Army occupied Eastern Ukraine.
Just remember that malaysia is a third world country and it should not even have an airport much less toy planes.
I got a better one , Their Mentality sucks !!!
Well at least this discovery (or discoveries) eliminates all of the conspiracy theories that the plane was hijacked/renditioned for whatever nefarious purposes. While this may not provide much help in locating the rest of the wreckage, at least it will give relatives and friends of the victims some small degree of closure. I hope they eventually discover the rest of the wreckage so that the remains can be given a proper burial.
those theories were garbage from the beginning. its just like the people who think our government is going to declare Marshall law any day now. (paranoid nuts)
Since when are the crazies ever convinced by reality or facts? They are already claiming this was planted. The nature of insanity is that you will always find a way to wriggle around the truth to confirm your delusions.
Every one of these moronic "experts" couldn't find the plane and had to wait for trash to wash up on shore. Why should we believe anything they say? They've already proven themselves to be incompetent buffoons.
Well, hell's bells, they should have just asked YOU, the boy genius.
There's definitely incontrovertible proof of ONE incompetent buffoon.
LOL... I guess all the conspiracy nuts have to regroup and think of another theory after all...
They are saying the part was planted there as a diversion, to throw off the real location. Pakistan or Diego Garcia
@ Paul Exactly! Commenter assumes they are ever convinced by reality. They aren't. They simply find a way around the truth to reinforce the delusion. Denial is extremely powerful.
This is insane - why is there no seach going of the ocean floor near Reunion Island !!! MH370 obviously crashed into the ocean a short distance away from Reunion island and yet no article to date has said there is an intensive search effort underway of the ocean floor near Reunion island! Absolutely Cuckoo!
Marine debris can easily drift thousands of miles. Debris from the Japanese tsunami several years ago has washed up in North America. There's no reason to think the plane went down within a thousand miles of Reunion Island.
Only a 152 Chinese, you got about 700 million to go and another 700 million Indians (India) also.
Where are you from? Yankland? How about the citizens of your country as well? Yank trash.
I fail to see how this piece of debris probably thousands of miles from the crash site, brings them any closer to solving the why and where of the crash.
People solve mysteries by finding clues; this is a clue and the best one they've had since this aircraft crashed. I guess you haven't considered the FACT that there are folks way more intelligent than you are working on this who actually know things you don't about such events who can utilize this clue and their expertise in the service of finding the aircraft. But of course, Yahoo narcissistic, armchair "intellectuals" think they know more than those people who actually have experience and education in a particular field.
@MikeS It probably won't. But it does put to rest conspiracy theories that the plane is still intact somewhere and the people are being held for unknown reasons.
the press is hurting for material to put on the internet.
This is the first piece of evidence that there even was a crash site, until now all they had was a theory.
But the National Enquirer said its been flying around hiding from the Radar and has never landed because an Alien space craft has been probing all the passengers with pointed objects. You can read all about it in the Huff Post and Salon.
Seat cushions.... where? The plane wing cover story is way too late. CIA shudda planted debris week after disappeared, but that plane with serial numbers changed is flying more black ops along with the Maerisk Alabama boat. What, do you believe EVERYTHING in the media???
Correction... Maersk. Oh, also do not forget 370 was code shared also as China Southern 748
I heard that the George W Bush foundation built a runway on the back of a submarine so that they could hi-jack newer airplanes in an effort to drive oil prices higher by reducing the reliance of more fuel efficient airplanes. I also heard the guys from the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society shot down the B777 with flares thinking that it was full of Japanese whale spotters.
Stall the investigation of the newly discovered wing piece while we cook up a story to continue the cover-up. Oh, remember to delete Diego Garcia from any map or news story.
We've done such a good job of fouling the oceans (the bad ones among us) that it would be mere coincidence if some of those items came from the plane.
I sure would like to know the currents in that area. I would also like to know the distance from Diego Garcia the last contact with the aircraft. I would also like to know what satellite images show, what radars might show. There was some pretty good torque to tear that trailing edge of the wind from the wing. I doesn't look like impact to me.
This latest development should end the stupid conspiracy theory that the jet secretly landed on a large airstrip on a remote island in the middle of nowhere.
@FirstName, We still don't know whether the plane landed, or sank.
Seems authorities want to downplay any suggestion of the missing flight. I assume the airplane part is from a alien ship
that is why I carry a matchbox car in my butt every day, in case the aliens come..
Malaysian airlines need to be avoided this like the third one that has been downed...they must have really angered China...
"Debris brings MH370 mystery 'closer' than ever to answers" Really...hat kind of moron statement is that? The plane was hijacked and was flown by the flight computer. That is beyond dispute, as the aircraft flew waypoints. The flight program has a destination within fuel and land parameters, it doesn't just fly out over the Indian ocean. This was a deliberate OP, by governments. It was well within Indian radar range when it "disappeared...so India is lying their butts off. The US Pentagon is the only one with the Boeing encrypted codes, VHF ground stations and satellites to use them to take over the aircraft by remote, shut off and lock out ALL communications and electronic transmissions..turning full control over to the flight computer or flying by remote. Newsflash: Commercial aircraft just don't disappear. Governments "make" them disappear, then cover it up.
@Maserati: When did you find the black boxes to flight MH 370?
@Maserati, don't you have some chores to finish at home?
Add to that, both the Seychelles islands and Diego Garcia have US satellite tracking installations. DG is also a strategic missile launching platform, designed for strikes that are directed at the 'certain areas north of it'.
Why do you morons refuse to understand the US government hijacked this aircraft, and had the media feed you tons of #$%$ for misdirection. Look up the "Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot" and understand how it works. It's been on board for a decade or more, and was retrofitted on all Boeing aircraft by 2009. You're being jerked off like gullible morons. That us all. The aircraft never made a "turn left" over the INdian ocean. It was being flown by flight computer (obvious, as it was flying waypoints since communicatios were cut) Once engaged, it can't be turned off in the air. "Suggesting" it turned left toward the Indian ocean before reaching waypoint Igrex where it was headed on course is an impossibility. Sorry your belief systems disregard science due to your cognitive dissonance, knowledge and intelligence. Then again, some of you are just gov trolls. Conspiracy theory? No moron.....just science.
I see idiots like you proliferate whenever clear evidence is given. You don't know what you're talking about, have no credentials in the area of aerospace engineering yet still spout your moronic nonsense.
Really Daniel? I was in aviation and space projects for about 20 years, even worked for MD (now Boeing) that helped develop the system. I see idiot trolls like you that shot their mouth off, and don't even look the system up in front of them. Yahoo troll count is increasing dramatically.
Sure you were...sure you were. Then they realized you needed to be back in the loony bin where you came from.
Just to prove what a troll you are: WIKI WAS (original change after disappearance: New update from Wiki: The Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot (BUAP), is a system designed to take control of a commercial aircraft away from the pilot or flight crew, chiefly in the event of a hijacking, and allow the craft to be remotely controlled to a landing at a designated airstrip. The action can be initiated either by crew or by government entities on the ground. History Contract for the system was awarded in 2006.[1] Installation began in 2007 with full implementation in Boeing craft anticipated by 2009. However, the retroactive nature of the integration with key original craft systems prompted the manufacturer, the Boeing Corporation, to make disclaimers that it could no longer assure the craft could not in effect be hacked by non-authorized entities:[citation needed] WIKI NOW: There have been claims that the technology has been secretly fitted to some commercial airliners. A former Prime Minister of Malaysia, Mahathir Mohamad, has suggested that the use of such technology was implicated in the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.[7] Dr Mahathir claimed that Boeing, the plane’s maker, and ‘certain’ government agencies, have the ability to remotely take over control of commercial airliners such as the missing Boeing 777.[8][9] A former commercial airline pilot has claimed that the technology was associated with the loss of Germanwings Flight 9525.[10] According to Bob Mann, of R.W. Mann & Co., a New York-based airline industry and consulting firm, there is no evidence that the Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot has ever been used in a commercial airliner.[11] Safety concerns, including the possibility that such a system could be hacked, have prevented its roll-out. [12] Read the first description carefully. It claims a citation was needed for the disclaimer, because it wasn't true. The system on the retrofitted aircraft use the same exact encrypted codes for initiation of BUAP. Just covering their rears if it came out the system was engaged, wanting to blame outside "terrorists". Now they are claiming the system doesn't exist! So much for Wiki's credibility, but I'm sure they were bribed, or slapped with a National Security Letter. Tis is proof enough in a court of law our government did it. If you're wondering how the German Airbus could be crashed, the Airbus has a similar system made by Honeywell developed with Boeing.
My God, You're still rambling about this, You stated you have the proof? Great, Here's CNN's phone number...404-827-1500..Call them, They will book you in a heartbeat, Looking forward to seeing you in Prime Time next week.
Really ZR-1, the US media are the ones that hid the system for thousands of hours of "expert analysis. I did send a former Wiki description to many of the mass media and asked them to explain why this wasn't disclosed. None answered. What kind of money does the government pay you to act so stupid?
Apparently there is a lot of money to be made by ignoring the obvious and exploring remote possibilities instead, to fill in time in between the ads. Either that or somebody is as dumb as a rock at CNN
They should be able to figure out from the currents, weather patterns and fuel onboard where approximately it ran out of fuel and dropped into the ocean.
They said that it will be nearly impossible to figure it out of currents.
I am shocked to note that the beach area had not been cordoned off immediately.
So where is the proof that a Boeing 757 hit the Pentagon? No engines recovered at site, no black boxes, no DNA, no FAA report? So this was the only crash in history where all the important items just vaporized and there was no investigation?
C'mon man. Go to Youtube and watch the plane crash into the Pentagon.
Again with the "9/11 was just a hoax" silliness?
I didn't say '9/11 was a hoax'; just the Pentagon plane crash...
I'm all about conspiracy theory stuff. I think it's very entertaining and informative. With that said, I think you would be better off spending your time trying to figure out why France, Israel, Germany, Switzerland, and Poland knew it was coming and didn't warn us.
Lmao at all the conspiracy nuts backpedaling or saying it was planted. Let me just say, the Nut doesn't fall far from the tree.
If it did indeed wash ashore onto a rocky beach....how are all the barnacles so perfecly intact...and if they say it was floating...how did barnacles grow on either side of the wing?
Oh stop already! These wild suspicions are not even entertaining any more.
People of your ilk are truly pathetic and braindead. The gubment wood neva lie 2 meh..
Wild suspicions? Its called common sense.
Mac Dre- comments like yours show you have zero common sense.
A floating piece of debris could not grow barnacles on both sides - common sense. Charles you are a shill.
So that piece of aileron supposedly stayed afloat, for 4000 miles, and coincidentally landed on the French island of Reunion, the only civilized location in East Africa. Yeah, right. And the landing on the moon is real and did not occur in some studio lot in Hollywood.
Debris on uncivilized Islands wasn't found or recognized, obviously.
Fulanito -- My understanding is that this "flaperon" has closed air chambers, which incidentally allow it to float. As long a those chambers are not compromised it should stay afloat. The miles are due to wind and water currents.
"The only civilized location in east Africa?" That's rather racist, don't you think?
It's over 1,000 miles from East Africa at it's nearest point.
Ugh. One little bit of evidence is found and this twit start with conspiracy theories. 'Course anyone who brings up the Moon Landing just broadcasts "moron"....
This piece will be found to be from the 777 that hit the sea wall in San Francisco.
I agree with you. This whole thing with MH370 stinks.
David has to post these lies because outside of this he has nothing to do and no life of his own..
Gotta love all the loony tune conspiracy theories. A lot of folks whop need mental health care.]
Frank, that's for sure! Where do these people come from? Are they crazy 24/7 or just when they get to Yahoo?
Nobody cares. A piece of a plane, it's five minutes of news. I am beyond sick of hearing about this, The piece was news, the speculation is not. CNN is out of control with this.
All media is out of control they are worse than Pravda during the cold war.
does anyone understand why a piece of a Malaysian Jet, built by Boeing is going to Paris to be identified?
Because REUNION ISLAND is French territory
It's not going to Paris, it's going to Toulouse, which is the center of European aviation, and it was found in French territory. Besides Boeing investigators are already there.
Different parts of Boeing planes are made in different countries. The flaperon was made in France. The plane's Rolls Royce engines were made in the US. Another part in Germany. Boeing has contracts with other countries for manufacture.
This probably means that a fire from lithium batteries in cargo incapacitated the crew and passengers, disabling communication systems and allowing the pilots only a limited time to reorient the plane towards a emergency landing area before they succumbed . . . . the ghost plane then flew on and on, relying on the last autopilot heading, before running out of fuel and nose-diving into the sea in a remote part of ocean . . . RIP
It would be interesting if Air Force One went missing.
It would be interesting if the Secret Service visited your home.
Come on people , The fact that this part has been found means that there was a debris field. The most intense search in human history failed to find it. How could this happen with all the manpower and tech put into the search. Smells funny. I know the ocean is vast but either they lied about the intense nature of the search or??
Apparently you don't get how vast the ocean is.
If and when a Boeing specialist identifies this part as from that airplane, then this discussion is over. Until then all this speculation is based on lack of knowledge explains why Americans elected the current POTUS twice :)
Tex, and he will be elected for a THIRD term if Hillary wins. Obama wags the dog.
Planted from a black op that went to Diego Garcia.
right they searched and searched but found nothing then wow they find this giant piece of 777? no probably dropped off by the isa or our besets allies israelie submarines.
I hope that's a snark... Numbers on the piece will tell right away that this is part of MH370. It's actually a very small piece. The rest is probably on the ocean floor, too heavy to float. This piece probably broke off of the main wreckage. We might never locate the main wreckage, although who knows with ever increasing technology. Look at the wrecks of WWII planes that are finally being identified in the Bermuda Triangle thanks to state of the art sonar mapping.
The US must be afraid they will find the evidence it was the US that brought down that plane.
Now, that's about as pathetic as it gets. The US has the technology to vaporize a plane. But they'd bring it down with pieces sufficiently intact to have serial number? LMAO.
@El Guapo who wrote: "An emergency transponder...should have been on the plane. " Sir Yes there were TWO very sophisticated Transponders on a 777 (not including ones on life rafts). The external ones transmit a 406 Mhz signal to one of a number of Satellites whose purpose is to pick up emergency beacon signals. Why neither of these transponders apparently never deployed is one of the mysteries of this plane.
It is obvious this is part of the Ukrainian craft planted by aliens to discredit the campaign of Bernie Sanders. Wait, that doesn't sound crazy enough. It was actually part of a plot by Fanny Flambeaux and the Smokin' #$%$ gang.
I wish everyone a speedy recovery.
@ACE who wrote: "A part of a wing of a 777. Are so many parts falling off the wings of 777s" Can someone please provide a link or a quote or a search string that shows ANY ACTUAL REAL BOEING AIRLINES SPOKESPERSON saying the part shown in pictures from Reunion Island IS a Flaperon exclusive to a BOEING 777. Has anyone seen that or have they actually seen numerous TV talking heads saying that?
Do you honestly think Boeing is going to say anything different than what the experts say? Or are you just grasping at straws to hold on to your pet conspiracy theory? There are many people in the world who don't work at Boeing who can confirm what this is and where it came from, if not by looks then by the casting numbers on it. When someone at Boeing does come out and confirm it's from a 777, I'm sure you'll find some other way to deny it is what they say it is anyway.
EXPERTS SIR? BOEING IS THE EXPERTS...That's the point. When they say its a 777 flaperon then that's the definitive analysis. When they say it has an assembly or sub assembly serial number that matches one installed on MH370 that's the definitive analysis. So far I haven't heard that from anyone associated with the BOEING COMPANY. I ask the question not because of any conspiracy theories but because of a story that was on cnn last night. What is the dimensions of a inner flaperon on a Boeing 777. The part shown that was recovered in Reunion is about 8 feet long. The part that they showed on TV last night that was identified by one of these EXPERTS you refer to as a 777 flaperon didn't look to be more than 4 feet long. That would logically SUGGEST that ONE OF THE TWO is NOT really a fraperon on a boeing 777. In this story there was an intact 777 that they showed the flaperon on the wing and it appeard to be about the same length as the part they had on the table in the story that was definitively described to be a 777 inner flaperon. Again it appeared to be half the size of the part recovered in Reunion. ONLY ONE OF THESE TWO THINGS CAN BE AUTHENTICALLY a Fraperon from a #$%$ that simple sir.
Boeing are not the only experts. As I already said there are people well qualified to determine what this is who do not work for Boeing. They know by the casting number it is from a 777, and there is only one 777 that crashed in the ocean, and that is MH370.
It does NOT MATCH the size of the part shown on TV last night that was definitively described as a 777 Flaperon (part # 657[-BB). The part in the video from Reunion is TWICE as big as the individual part and /or the one attached to the wing of an actual 777 that was shown on TV ....ONLY ONE of those things can really be a flaperon from a 777.
Experts say it does. ARE YOU AN EXPERT??? NO!
NO but I have eyes sir. The part found in Reunion has been described as 8 feet long and that appears to be correct from the relative size and separation of the four men carrying it. The part shown on TV last night was obscured from view when to people stood in front of it and appears to be about 4 ft long. I'm honestly not inferring anything sir...just trying to get an explanation.
They have eyes too, and they have other things you don't, like a lot of education and experience with this aircraft, and that makes them way more qualified to say what it is than some idiot on Yahoo.
ONE MORE TIME .....who are these people sir? I keep looking for actual identification and expertise of "THESE PEOPLE" sir and it always comes back to some TV Talking Head saying something without an actual attribution to a source. Thus the reason for my original post asking for "a link or a quote or a search string"
They are experts, not talking heads. This is coming from interviews with experts sir. watch the goddam TV if you want to know their names
ONE MORE TIME, THEY ARE EXPERTS WITH MORE EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE IN THIS AREA THAN YOU!!!
But you cant NAME ONE OF THEM or provide a quote from ONE of THEM or provide a search string that would get us to ONE OF THEM. In other words fut you cant answer the question I asked in the post. That sir is the bottom line but thanks for reinforcing the point that they are "EXPERTS" because YOU say they are. For the fourth time the guy who showed a part that was half as big as the one shown in Reunion and clearly identified it as a inner flaperon from a Boeing 777 was an EXPERT who runs an Aircraft Repair and Disassembly facility.
If they are such experts, then where is MH370??? This whole thing with MH370 stinks.
They just found the part a couple of days ago. They need to contact experts in ocean currents and have them determine where it might have come from. This takes time.
I don't need to know their names; they are quoted on TV and in news articles, and they know more of what they a re talking about than an idiot like you does. Boeing is NOT going to disagree with that when they do say something because the ones who have examined this wreckage know what they are doing; that's a fact. And how come I know that and you don't? BECAUSE I'M MUCH SMARTER THAN YOU Look, moron, why don't you just call CNN and tell them you are smarter than their aviation experts and they should put you on instead of them because you know more than they do. I'm sure they could use a good laugh
They're all dispersed or down at the bottom of the ocean with the aircraft. Watch. That's where they're going to find it because that's where it's been all these months
Do you really think those who are looking for this aircraft don't know things on an aircraft float? Do you think you are the only one with this "special" knowledge? Well, I have news for you....YOU'RE NOT!! Those with way more wisdom and knowledge than you in these matters also are well aware of that, and if they didn't know there is some reason for it, they wouldn't be looking where they are looking.
"if they don't know there is some reason for it"...It was probably high-jacked. This whole thing with MH370 stinks.
Hate to break it to ya, but it's at the bottom of the ocean, and that's where it will be found.
"it will be found". Where is all of the debris, floating seat cushions, bodies, luggage, oil slick??? Any time an airliner crashes in the ocean, there is debris washing up all over the place, along with bodies, luggage, ect, ect, ect. There is massive debris floating where an airliner crashes in the ocean, and a large easily spotable oil slick---but here there is nothing.
I already answered that. Go back and find it
You really need to get some medication for that paranoia. I hate to break it to ya, but not everything is a conspiracy just because things don't conform to your limited knowledge
Well, where IS all of the debris, seat cushions, cargo, luggage, bodies, and ect., washing up all over the place??? Where IS the oil slick on the ocean where MH370 went down,??? They should have found it long ago. NO oil slick. No debris, no seat cushions, no cargo, no luggage, and no bodies anywhere. Nothing. Zero. Zilch. Anywhere. Common sense says: something ain't right here.
I already told you that. Nutjobs say something ain't right here.
People who deny common sense, are either in total denial, or trying to hide the truth.
People who deny sanity are just fugged up in the head.
You are the one not using common sense, dillweed. Unlike you, people who actually know what they're doing when it comes to doing this kind of work would not be looking where they are if they didn't believe there was some reason for your lame claim. DUH! Common sense - USE IT, LAMEBRAIN!
Any connection between the "flaperon" and luggage(?), detergent bottle, & water bottle would be WAY beyond belief. There is no way items this different in densities would come back together after such a large length of time
After 16 months afloat in the Indian Ocean, there are no barnacles or sea-life encrustations on the part? Remarkable!
Yes, there are - just look at the photos.
How about actually looking at the photos or the video. Marine growth is VERY apparent on the item. You would have to be bind to not see it.
@ACE who wrote: "A part of a wing of a 777. Are so many parts falling off the wings of 777s" Can someone please provide a link or a quote or a search string that shows ANY ACTUAL REAL BOEING AIRLINES SPOKESPERSON saying the part shown in pictures from Reunion Island IS a Flaperon exclusive to a BOEING 777. Has anyone seen that or have they actually seen numerous TV talking heads saying that?
You tin foil is wearing thin; must be time to make yourself a new beanie.
A qualified mechanic that has education and experience in automobiles can tell you why your car won't start. You don't need someone from General Motors to do that. You're ridiculous.
YOU don't know an answer to the question fut...When you have something to actually contribute towards answering the QUESTION then come back. I am just hoping someone might actually be able to contribute something in a positive way rather than the hateful spiteful tripe coming from your keyboard..
They have the part number and all they have to do is call the Boeing parts department to confirm it. Just because they don't say it doesn't mean they didn't do it From the article: "From the part number, it is confirmed that it is from a Boeing 777 aircraft. This information is from MAS (Malaysia Airlines). They have informed me," he said.
Your accusations that everyone but you is either inept or lying just because you don't want to believe them is ludicrous. Now, make your self that beanie
Title of the article on Yahoo 'Moving close' to solving MH370 mystery: Malaysian official
Hey fut quote the article accurately it wasn't "HE SAID" ""From the part number, it is confirmed that it is from a Boeing 777 aircraft. This information is from MAS (Malaysia Airlines)," Aziz told AFP." Who is this AZIZ guy? Why he's the Malaysian DEPUTY TRANSPORT MINISTER...We know what an incredible group of accurate expertise has come out of the Malaysian Government don't we? And he's providing information that he got from Malaysia Airlines....another unimpeachable source of accurate information in the past. But thanks for at least trying to be civil tut.
THEY CHECKED THE PART NUMBER ON THE PIECE. IT'S FROM A 777. THEY HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO REASON TO LIE ABOUT IT!!!
Tut its a really simple question sir. The BOEING COMPANY makes the plane and they are the bottom line experts on the parts that go on those planes. Ive covered this to the point I want to tear my hair out. Last night CNN had an EXPERT who works for a company called UNIVERSAL ASSET MANAGEMENT. His Name was Michael Kenny. He showed a part which he clearly said was a Flaperon from a 777. It was on a table. They also showed the same part installed on the Wing of a 777 that sat behind them. This PART WAS NOT the same SIZE as the one shown on REUNION ISLAND FOOTAGE. It was HALF AS BIG.... My question is who was wrong here. ONLY Boeing can definitively at the end of day say that the part recovered is from a 777. THe question is simple ...has anyone from BOEING actually said ON THE RECORD whether they believe this is a flaperon from a 777.
FUT one more time....some deputy bureaucrat from Malaysia SAYS THEY checked the part number and even he is passing on SECOND HAND INFORMATION....Where is the BOEING SPOKES PERSON..... Who specifically at BOEING did they "CHECK WITH"...
The same old nonsense. It doesn't take someone from Ford to identify a part from a Ford automobile, dimwit. Those who know the vehicles and don';t work for Ford can are also qualified to make that determination. And what part of THEY IDENTIFIED THE PART FROM A PART NUMBER ON THE PART don't you understand?
AGAIN, MALAYSIA HAS NO REASON TO LIE ABOUT IT, NUMBNUTZX!!
IT'S A NO BRAINER. MALAYSIA AIRLINES GETS THE NUMBER OFF THE PIECE, CALLS BOEING AND GIVES THEM THAT NUMBER, AND BOEING SAYS, "THAT'S THE PART NUMBER FOR A FLAPERON ON A 777." CASE CLOSED!
True it doesn't fut but it takes someone with more authenticity and expertise than a Malaysian Government flunky who is quoting an UNNAMED Source at Malaysia Airlines. THIS WHOLE ARTICLE is based on the flunky (AZIZ) from the Malaysian Government...Do you not get that sir.... "THEY CHECKED THE PART NUMBER" because AZIZ says they did. NOT because ANYBODY at the BOEING Company confirms it. The guy on TV last night "CHECKED the PART NUMBER" too sir and the part that he showed was VISUALLY NOT THE SAME SIZE as the one in footage from Malaysia.... ONE of those two pictures is INCORRECT Tut. Which part of that don't YOU understand.
You're really ridiculous and just downright dumb. THEY VERIFIED THE PART BY ITS PART NUMBER THAT WAS ON THE PART ITSELF. IF YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND THE IMPLICATIONS OF THAT, GO BACK AND FINISH HIGH SCHOOL.
FUT the Malaysian Government and Malaysia Airlines (which are one and the same since its a national airline) have HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS of reasons to LIE about this sir. The international horde of ambulance chasers is lining up to use anything to try and go after the people with the deepest pockets in lawsuits.
It's just a matter of time before Boeing confirms that this really from a 777 because it really is from a 777, and then you're going to look even dumber for making the dumb statements you are
FUT listen carefully READ THE ARTICLE....WHO SPECIFCALLY SAYS they checked the part number. WHO? "From the part number, it is confirmed that it is from a Boeing 777 aircraft. This information is from MAS (Malaysia Airlines)," Aziz told AFP. AS I SAID this article and the claim that a part number was checked is totally SINGLE SOURCED on the statement from ONE DEPUTY TRANSPORT MINISTER in Malaysia who is passing on second hand information. When somebody from the BOEING COMPANY confirms the part then we have a reliable source.
One more time, nitwit, THEY CALLED BOEING TO CONFIRM IT, AND BOEING DID CONFIRM IT. IT'S FROM A 777. And when Boeing does confirm it, I definitely will say, "I TOLD YOU SO, MORON!!" LMAO.
You really are whacked if you think Malaysia would say this without confirming it first or if you think they're lying about it. Read it again. "From the part number, it is confirmed that it is from a Boeing 777 aircraft. This information is from MAS (Malaysia Airlines). They have informed me," he said. You're just a whackjob looking for a reason to try to prove you're smarter than everyone else when all you are doing is proving that you just dumber than everyone else. Boeing is going to confirm what these experts and MAS is saying. If you had an iota of intelligence, you would be smart enough to know that, but obviously, you don't even have that
The ONLY STATEMENT I am making Fut is that THERE IS PRESENTLY NO CONFIRMATION FROM BOEING on any of this and that a so called EXPERT was on TV last night showing a part that he says is a FLAPERON from a 777 and that part VISUALLY DOES NOT MATCH the pictures and video of the part recovered in the REUNION ISLAND. The entire point of this post is simply an effort to resolve that incongruity
THERE IS CONFIRMATION FROM BOEING. READ IT AGAIN, NITWIT "From the part number, it is confirmed that it is from a Boeing 777 aircraft. This information is from MAS (Malaysia Airlines). They have informed me," he said.
THERE NOT GOING TO SAY THAT UN LESS IT'S TRUE, DOOFUS.
Sir there is NO "HE SAID" in the quote....I already called you on this ONCE BEFORE..... AZIZ SAID is the accurate quote. The Malaysian Government Flunky on which this entire article is based. If you don't think that MAS and the Malaysian Government might put out BS Fut you apparently have a VERY short memory concerning the #$%$ that they put out in the first few weeks after this plane disappeared.
HE CALLED BOEING TO CONFIRM IT. WHOM DO YOU THINK HE CALLED? SUBURU? VOLVO? AIRBUS? You're ridiculous. HE CONFIRMED IT WITH BOEING, THE MANUFACTURER OF THE AIRCRAFT, AND BOEING IS GOING TO BACK HIM UP, MAKING YOU LOOK LIKE AN IDIOT ONCE AGAIN
READ the sentence sir ""From the part number, it is confirmed that it is from a Boeing 777 aircraft. This information is from MAS (Malaysia Airlines). They have informed me," he said. " ONCE AGAIN its NOT HE SAID its AZIZ SAID. What does that sentence mean. It means that some UNNAMED SOURCE at MAS SUPPOSEDLY TOLD AZIZ that BOEING had confirmed a number. As I said for about 500 times the whole substantiation for this comes from AZIZ no one else...
You're an idiot. You just don't know it yet. You will know it when Boeing says the exact same thing MAS said. And if you don't know when that happens what an idiot you are, I will be happy to remind you of what an idiot you are.
Michael, as a commercial jet mechanic, let me give you a little insight. MAS is an operator of Boeing 777's, as an operator they are given the manuals to work on the aircraft. One of the manuals is an Illustrated Parts Catalog (IPC for short), it lists every single part installed on the aircraft. With the part number off of the part that was found it would take only a few seconds to determine that it came from a 777. They have zero reason to lie about, especially since the part is on its way to France to get examined, including by Boeing.
You didn't read my post did you Chris. ONE MORE TIME.....This article does NOT QUOTE ANY PERSON BY NAME FROM MAS....and obviously it doesn't quote anyone from BOEING..... IT QUOTES CHRIS a flunky Deputy Transport Minister named AZIZ from Malaysia....When someone who is actually familiar with aircraft parts from MAS or god forbid Boeing speaks on record THEN we will have our answer Chris. SECOND POINT CHRIS.... for the 900th time... We had a guy who apparently IS FAMILIAR with airplane parts on CNN TWO NIGHTS ago who put a part on a table that HE identified as an inner FLAPERON from a Boeing 777. They had a COMPLETE BOEING 777 sitting behind them and they pointed out the location of the FLAPERONN installed on the wing. The part shown in that story was VISUALLY NOT the same part that was shown being carried by four men on Reunion Island. It was about HALF as big. ONE OF THOSE TWO PARTS WAS LOGICALLY NOT the same as the other. My question was simply WHY CHRIS?
I did not see the CNN report, but I can tell you, with 100% absolute certainty that if the part they showed on TV was half as big as the part that was found, being carried by 4 guys, the one on the report was NOT a 777 flaperon.
Chris, the guy is seriously mentally ill. There are pictures all over the internet of the retrieved flaperon with the numbers 657-BB on it, and there are pdf's of the Boeing maintenance manual also on the internet that show that a 777 flaperon's, number is, IN FACT, 657-BB. ( airlive Piece of wing found on La Réunion Island could be #MH370 Boeing 777 flaperon ) Since MH370 is the only missing Boeing 777, the only possible contributor of this flaperon is MH370. It's not rocket science; one just needs a brain to realize this is the real deal. He's a conspiracy whackjob who will never believe MH370 is in the Indian Ocean n o matter how much proof he is given of that. When Boeing says that this flaperon is, IN FACT, from MH370, which they will do in a matter of a few days, and he gets the name he's been whining like a baby about for days, he's going to say, "Where's the proof this guy even works for Boeing?" Or he'll say they're just trying to cover something up. If there's any excuse he can't use, he'll just dream up another one. I've seen enough of these whackjobs on Yahoo to know what they do, and he's the garden variety Yahoo whackjob. It won't be long before he has to eat a whole bunch of crow for acting like an idiot because he just refuses to believe what rational people believe because by Wednesday, the people at Boeing are going verify that this flaperon is, IN FACT, a piece of MH370.
Well, I can not say with 100% certainty that the part found was in fact a flaperon, and I never said that it was, it could be a piece of one of the main flaps. This article also does not mention that it is a flaperon and neither does the quote from Mr. Aziz. He only stated that he was informed by MAS that it is a 777 part. A flaperon could very well be smaller than the piece that was found, but no way would it be half the size as Michael states it is.
I can say with 100% certainty it is a flaperon from a 777, and I can say with 100% certainty it is from MH370, and I don't even work for Boeing.
For the thousandth time fut UNLESS you personally have a 777 parts manual in front of you (something that I hoped Chris might be able to speak to) then you are taking it on faith that 657-BB corresponds to an inner flaperon on a 777. HOW MANY TIMES do I have to suggest YOU READ the story sir. NO PERSON FROM MAS IS NAMED NO PERSON FROM BOEING IS NAMED. The only person who is named is a Malaysian government person. Im sorry Fut but if you are the least bit familiar with the History of MH370 you know that the credibility of ANYTHING said by people in the Malaysian Transport Ministry does not have a very good track record.
OOPS... MH370: Possible Aircraft Door Discovered On Reunion, After Other Debris Found "We know the flaperon has been officially identified as being part of a Boeing 777 aircraft," Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said in a statement, cited by Reuters. "This has been verified by French authorities together with aircraft manufacturer Boeing, U.S. National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) and the Malaysian team comprising the Department of Civil Aviation, Malaysia Airlines, and Malaysian ICAO Annex 13 Safety Investigation Team for MH370." That's a whole lot of verification, but of course, it won't mean anything to the nutjobs. They will still hold on to their delusions at all costs and make up more silly excuses.
Axon ok the possible door turned out to be a domestic ladder (how you can confuse a ladder with a door on a commercial jetliner is puzzling but it shows how easily the press will report anything.) After that AXON you are quoting another Malaysian Government official. I point out to you that these people have NO CREDIBILITY on the issue of MH370. If someone from BOEING confirmed anything then by all means show us the quote from an ACTUAL identified person at the BOEING COMPANY. AXON I don't doubt that this will turn out to be 370 but I want to hear it from people who actually know what an airplane flaperon is.... NOT some flunky from the MALAYSIAN TRANSPORT MINISTRY.
Are you insinuating he's lying about that? And for what reason? Do you really think Boeing, the NTSB, the BEA, and the rest of those agencies are going to contradict what he says? You really are mentally unbalanced. I suggest you seek help as soon as possible
AXON excuse me but if you have followed the history of MH370 at all YOU would know that the Malaysian Transport Ministry in particular and the Malaysian Government as a whole have shown themselves to be INCOMPETENTS at BEST and LIARS at WORST. WHY would they LIE you ask? There are literally hundreds of MILLIONS of dollars in reasons WHY sir. MAS and the MALAYSIAN Government are financially one and the same Axon as far s the horde of international ambulance chasers are concerned. Malaysia have every reason to try to keep the spotlight shining brightly at Boeing in the faint hope that someone can find a systemic problem with a 777 rather than having one of their flight crew having gone rogue. NO I don't believe they will contradict what he says.... I simply want to hear it from THEM and stop having stories on this subject continue to be single sourced from loose lipped Malaysian Government flunkies who simply make it up at they go.
Look, bozo, Boeing is going to verify that this flaperon is from a Boeing 777 and that it is from MH370 , so you only have a few days left to keep acting like a fool and denying the proof that's right in front of your nose but are too stupid to see. It will happen, and you're going to be left with a lot of egg on your face in about 72 hours time.
But knowing you sickos, you'll just make up another dumb excuse as to why you don't want to believe it anyway because, as everyone knows, you just can't fix stupid
AXON I think if you actually READ and COMPREHENDED what I wrote to you you would find that I DONT DISAGREE about what BOEING WILL DO. Somehow you missed that part it seems
Chinese scientists on board had developed technology that would have made the petroleum industry obsolete. We couldn't allow that, it's a threat to national security.
Probably went down by a Russian or US missile. Would not be surprised.
Of course it fell off. It's covered in barnacles. o.0
You would care if you have a flight scheduled on a Boeing 777.
floss you speak only for yourself not the rest of the world you don't care now then or ever!! but learn to use the word I instead of we , or nobody....it's you just you!!
Looks like a Cessna overhead wing component to me with huge barnacles on it that would be hard to adhere to floating with the currents in just a year if that wing component would acutally float? Probably a disinfo campaign by the malaysians who are predominantly muslum. This 777 was chosen for hijack because it had a low number of muslum passengers on it. So which hangar is it currently in?
@mick who wrote: " when you turn od your transponder you go dark on radar, it was done on purpose. I have been in this business to long to be fooled " Mick What "business" is that mick? Being an uninformed TROLL who apparently doesn't understand the most basic fundamentals of PRIMARY RADAR. The airplane doesn't have a "cloaking" device sir. It still shows up on primary radar systems which is how it was tracked by radars in Malaysia and Thailand.
you by this garbage? they took a piece of that plane of damaged it and put it on the beach to make you think its real t. that plane is still hidden somewhere. when you turn od your transponder you go dark on radar, it was done on purpose. I have been in this business to long to be fooled
What business would that be........aluminum chapeaus?
Sooo... tell me, Mick the expert... How do they "plant" the serial number on the piece?
DM, if they have the plane stashed somewhere, dumping a part would be easy. as to the reasoning for it as its been pretty much given up on, that makes 0 sense
Two find two pieces of debris in a small island that is a dot in the map is mind boggling. The east coast of Africa and Madagascar offer more beaches but not one piece of debris has washed up there so far. Very convenient!
Its far away from Africa and Madagascar.
So that means what, it cannot wash up there? Reunion and Mauritius are actually very close to Madagascar if you care to check the map.
It's 500 miles away, a huge distance for a floating object to travel.
Not really, considering Reunion is 4,500 miles away from the South Indian Ocean. Compared to your hundreds, thousands of miles is whole lot farther.
If 500 pieces of the plane washed ashore, it still doesn't tell them where the main wreckage is. The Indian ocean is +/- 26,000,000 square miles. They're no closer to finding it than they were March 8, 2014.
Total BS,there are enough part numbers on this component for Boeing to id and confirm if this was indeed mh370 yesterday,every part number on an aircraft is serialized and designated as to which aircraft is was installed on.Its so simple its called tractability, input serial number and their computer data will tell them what everyone wants to know.For some reason this info is being held back??Why has this question not been asked of Boeing.
It's 'traceability.' Maybe didn't have access to the computer data on the island.
@stward101 really that's your comment my spelling,hello its like day 3,no cell phone,no land lines,no computers ,Boeing couldn't dispatch someone to the island in 24 hrs the biggest most expensive search in history,and Boeing or the company that manufactured the aileron has no one on the ground.
Guess no one gives a schtt ,it can wait till next week.Millions spent on searching for this plane but they don't work weekends too funny.
It's obvious this is a set-up... the barnacles are too uniformly dense on the end but not covering the rest of the structure.
PC: his day job is a Marine Biologist.
"The debris will be analysed "next week," WHY WAIT FOR NEXT WEEK?? Considering the importance of the event that has been going on for over a year, it's ridiculous to take a sweet moment and wait!!! MOVE AND ANALYZE IT NOW!! TODAY!! PRONTO!!!
Those DEBRIS were dumped in the OCEAN by a SHIP! PLANTED EVIDENCE!
Yeah, the barnacles and all the other sea life on it were created in a Hollywood stupid, just like the moon landing, right moron? Oh, and there is a great reason for them planting evidence at this point in time because......well, let me see.....I know I can think of something.....well, maybe not.
Rocker knows this because he dumped them there? sorry you have no life and need to make this stuff up to feel better about yourself
@Rocker...I agree. MH370 was probably high-jacked, and stripped for spare parts, and a piece of the wing was left in the ocean, to get barnacles and all other sea life on it, and then planted on that beach. That piece of wing could have also come from the 777 that crashed in San Francisco. And MH370 could have been repainted and sold. What happened to the passengers and crew???
Okay, and when all those "spare parts" are found at the bottom of the ocean, what will be your excuse then?
And everyone knows that there is a big demand for Boeing 777 spare parts, right? And that no one would ever suspect someone of trying to sell Boeing 777 spare parts or even a whole aircraft, right? Sheesh. Where some people get this nonsense I ave no idea.
This is silly. The SF crash was on land, not in the water. Not to mention the distance if it had. And what on earth motive would be involved with an elaborate conspiracy?
"And what on earth motive would be involved with an elaborate conspiracy?" An aircraft worth millions of dollars, which could be sold to some third world nation that has no connections to the US or China. Something ain't right here. No debris, no floating seat cushions, no bodies. Nothing. Research this on Voice of Russia web site. VORdotcom. Now SPUTNIKNEWS.
Oh sure, and when they find the plane destroyed under thousands of feet of water, something still won't be right according to you, right? I agree. Something's not right. Sounds to me like you've run out of tin foil.
"find the plane destroyed under thousands of feet of water"---there would be debris, cargo, luggage, floating seat cushions, and bodies all over the place. There would be a massive oil slick where it went down. MH370 was either high-jacked and sitting on some island, or it crashed on some island, which would explain why no debris or floating seat cushions, bodies, cargo, luggage, or oil slick. COMMON SENSE.
And now, the investigation into likely 'MOTIVE' should be carried out in earnest, rather than 'con'-tinued by the usual suspects themselves...
Again, trolls or those paid by Duh-Usual-Su$pects, don't like Questions and much less REAL answers! That is so 0b v! 0us, and they'll criticize one's !ntentZional spelling t00..!
Metal this size would not ever float and if it did there would be many forms of debris would have ben there to. You cannot trust the media or GOV
Yea cuz boats don't float either.... uhhuh.
Thanks a lot, Obummer! Another false-flag hoax to take away our assault rifles. Wake up, sheeple! Benghazi!
These kind of things float ALL THE TIME! Big 40' steel shipping containers float around in the ocean for months at a time (big navigational hazard in some areas) after they fall off of cargo ships.
If Dan doesn't trust the media or the government, I'm not sure if he will trust random anonymous posters. You might be one of "Them".
This is a false flag. The plane was hijacked by Obama's muzzie buddies, landed and all are being enslaved and radicalized for ISIS work to take over the world.
someone stole that plane and went to a lot of trouble to get away with it. just like the cover up of the TWA 747 that exploded on take of years ago. they said the fuel pumps sparked. #$%$, they cant spark if submerged in fuel any person with aviation experience knows fuel pumps are allways submerged for safty even if the tanks are empty
Their outfitting it with a dirty bomb right now and waiting for the right moment to fly it into a major city like Tel Aviv or New York or London or Moscow....... .......most likely will be flown by space aliens masquerading as militant muslim jihadists
Mick, that mystery was solved a long time ago in that TWA flight. Fuel VAPORS were ignited by a shorted high voltage circuit running through the same wire bundle as the low voltage fuel system wires. This was due to extreme temperatures caused by a prolonged delay in takeoff and extreme ambient air temperature and within the heat exchanger "pack" next to the fuel tank that exploded. This is why they now have OBIGGS (On Board Inert Gas Generating System) or equivalent systems that pump N2 (Nitrogen) into the tanks to replace the fuel vapors.
The French "We will let you know next week", in America this would be a 12 hour turnaround. This is why Europe will never beat America at anything.
Yeah, right. They announce black box findings on downed craft within days, we take months.
It's a lie. Just trying to take focus away from the JFK assassination. Back me up Conspiracy Experts.
YES!!! And I thought I was the only one. And that's not a conspiracy theory- it's a conspiracy FACT!!!!!!
I'm going to have to go no on that.
YES!!! The JFK assassination is certainly THE most important issue facing the world today - even though it happened more than 50 years ago.
...or the fact that not one piece of 4 solid titanium engines weighing a couple tons each (or either of the black boxes) were ever found at the Pentagon site... Rumsfeld said they vaporized...Really? in what other airliner crash has that ever happened? So, a few bits of aluminum fuselage and landing gear survived, but not one piece of the densest, heaviest, strongest tempered steel parts on the planet made it, huh?
Was Elvis on this flight? That would explain a lot.
Breaking News. The French have just inspected that part of the plane and found out it was made up of the melted down rifle that Oswald used to shoot Kennedy...and THAT is the reason that flight was doomed to start with. Back you you Wolfie Baby.
Was there n0t (my letter 0 is br0ken) vide0 f00tage sh0wbing that crash? S0 it is true that y0u cann0t believe anything y0u see! Except maybe in pers0n. Yes I am seri0us.
Some Colorado vacationers are clearly using their spare time very carefully today...
...the video footage does not clearly show an airplane, just something moving at incredibly high speed... ...crashing planes fall from air space, not outer space...
Every time the truth of the JFK assassination is about to come to light a plane disappears. FACT.
Nice lawn. Wonder how many times in the last year their lawn mower had to navigate around that wing. (wink) FAKE
Something is wrong here. I find it highly improbable that after all of this time a 200+ pound chunk of metal AND a light weight, buoyant piece of luggage would show up on a tiny beach on a tiny island at the same time if they are both from the same source.
I agree. If it were part of the sealed fuel tank area of the wing, there would be a remote possibility. But part of a flaperon? Look at the picture, it appears to have damage to the skin, which would, especially after 16 months, allow water to seep in. Weird stuff happens... but it seems improbable. If the Malaysians say it's part of their plane, I won't believe it. If the Aussies say it is, then I'll buy it.
Yeah, because the giant oil tankers are made of paper, that's how they float.
The debris / flotsam is a plant. The plane landed safely and any wreckage was placed in the water by the hijackers as a mis direct.
Wing Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/ The script is explained in link. "Putin", a nazi agent, is part of staging the fake "downed Boeing" act, As for where Obama/Osama fits in that picture: Anti-Bible: Resurrection: On the THIRD year Obamessiah ascends from the depths of the Indian Ocean as Osama, attached to a Boeing 777 Originally scripted for Easter Sunday 2014, illuminati forced to postpone it because of brave people of Slovyansk starting an armed revolt at Donetsk: end-times-prophet.blogs+pot. -- /2014/03/
They knew within a day if it came from that plane. Must be .Otherwise they would have quickly dismissed it.
Detailed pictures were sent to Boeing, which quickly identified the unique design and marking numbers.
Well since several other experts have weighed in, I figure I may as well weigh in as well. I do not believe that this is part of the plane. It is too dar from the proposed crash site. These items do not have motors on them and cannot travel very far before sinking to the bottom. This is probably a piece from another 777 that crashed some time ago.
As long as it floats, it could travel a huge distance. The ocean currents can carry stuff miles every day. Figuring about 500 days and this could easily travel thousands of miles from it's original location.
And it doesn't necessarily have to float on the surface. Things can "float" somewhere between the bottom of the ocean and the surface depending on what they are made of and how they are made.
And there are only two other 777 that have ever crashed, one on landing at SFO and the other blown out of the sky over the Ukraine. If it is from a 777, and it has been basically confirmed it is, it can be from just one plane--MH370.
Well that is your opinion Akagi.
Not opinion, fact. There has been only three 777s that have ever crashed...that is a fact. Only one has ever gone missing in the Indian Ocean--radar data has pretty much confirmed this---fact. So unless you can tell me how a piece of the other two 777s got into the Indian Ocean, it MUST be from MH370, there are no other alternatives. You are entitled to your own opinions, but not your own facts.
Did they find any of Gilligan and Mary Anne's offspring running around on the island too?
No Gilligan couldn't get any. Those girls were infatuated with the professor.
This is B/S, they should have known right away if it came from that plane. There's numbers stamped all over it, and don't you think that they have those number available when they are searching. There just taking time to get there stories straight. Another cover up, or protecting someone.
We know the general patterns of the major currents of the oceans. All they have to do is start where this wreckage washed up and search backwards from this spot. To not do so is utter incompetence and indifference.
"After 16 months, the vagaries of the currents, reverse modelling is almost impossible" Please read the article first then do some honest research before posting. To not do so is utter incompetence and indifference.
Why isn't Boeing examining the part? I think this is just a distraction. Distraction from what is the question.
Just because it was found there it doesn't mean it floated on its own. It could have easily been planted there for the cover up to what really happened.
Once Again I work on the 777 airplane. The part shown is not from the 777. First it is too large to be an inboard flaperon, second it is too small to be part of either of the inboard flap segments. I know that everyone wants to answer what happen to the missing 777, I would like to know, however facts are facts even without a factual part number and after 20 years of working on this model I can tell this is from a different airplane. Sorry for bad news!
it has to be from that plane
William I am also confused. Last night CNN had a long segment where they showed an inboard flaperon both individually on a table and also still attached to a 777 wing. The part they showed on TV was NOT the same part pictured in news photos from Reunion. The part on Reunion was obviously LONGER THICKER and had a somewhat rounded end on one side. The actually Flaperon was smaller thinner and was basically rectangular in shape.
i am sure there lots of airliners missing flaperons, could be from anywhere.
Mike the point of my comment is that the part shown on CNN last night and identified as a Flaperon was NOT the same part that has been shown in News Photos from Reunion Island. It was NOT the same size or shape or thickness.
An answer about the serial number on the part matching the 777?
That's right, there was a big difference between the two falperons - one was in a violent air crash and the other was not. Of course they look different. duh!
was this a LEGO 777 you worked on?
Michael said LONGER AND THICKER!! On a serious note, I did not see the CNN show, but why are they all saying it's from a 777 if you are saying it is not?
and those flaperons are falling off jets al the time, probably thousands of them floating in the Indian Ocean alone, what are the odds it is from the only missing airliner?
MJ that's my question sir. The man being interviewed on CNN runs some kind of aircraft repair facility. He had a complete 777 sitting behind him and what he identified as a 777 flaperon sitting on a table. He spoke quite knowledgeably and insisted that the part in Reunion was in fact a 777 Flaperon. The only problem was that it was abundantly clear size wise that the part he had on the table was half the size of the part in Reunion. Thus my question. Im not trying to infer anything MJ and Mike....Just telling what I saw on TV.
So if you knew the 777 at all, and could walk outside and take tape measure to the part called a flaperon you come up with something like 5.5' wide (at the leading edge the end that attaches to the wing) by 8' long round bull nose to 1/4" aft edge. the seals run parallel to the long edge down both sides of the flaperon. the hinges are at the very outboard bull nose ends. My picture of a 777 inboard flaperon is very different then the one on the news. Part number give me the part number and in one minute I can verify it. It would not take days!!!!
Yes William and the part being shown on the table in the CNN story was obscured when the reporter and the guy he was interviewing were standing in front of it thus suggesting that it couldn't be more than 4 to 5 feet long. When they showed it from the side it also was not 5.5 ft wide.
James I don't claim to be a mechanic at all. But I can identify based on the size of the people in the picture how big something is. ONCE AGAIN the part identified in the CNN Story as a 777 Flaperon by a man who runs an aircraft repair facility was literally HALF the size of the part shown in Reunion. I was just curious WHY James? Nothing More.
William. If you're Boeing, then what is a BEMS?
That was insightful Debbie. WHO is wrong and WHY. Hillary that's hardly a useful question... I can tell you what it is and I have never worked for BOEING in my life.
Ok... then what is the database tool that contains all the engineering data and models for Boeing platforms called?
I don't have a clue Hillary and I have no interest in seeing whether I can find it on the internet. If you are so smart then maybe YOU can answer my question? What is the dimensions of a inner flaperon on a Boeing 777. The part shown that was recovered in Reunion is about 8 feet long. The part that they showed on TV last night that was identified as a 777 flaperon didn't look to be more than 4 to 5 feet long. That would logically SUGGEST that ONE OF THE TWO is NOT really a fraperon on a boeing 777.
Please learn how to read, Mike...
Actually, if anything, the part they are carrying looks on the smaller side of being a 777 flaperon, but it is also broken from the crash. Even 767 flaperons are as big as the part they are carrying.
turned out to be Kim Kardashions IUD
I am a commercial pilot. Looks like the inboard flaperon. Since it separated I am speculating that the pilot deployed the flaps to slow it down on impact. Probably just before fuel ran out...so maybe it is not quite as far as the arc shows. I still maintain the fuselage is intact laying on the bottom of the ocean. Mike
My guess is the plane sharply nose-dived into the ocean.
Aya... My guess is that you dived into a concrete sidewalk.....
It IS strange the flaperon seems to have been deployed. That would indicate a pilot was conscious and in some sort of control. If he was, why not use his control to turn the plane around? Could it be he RE-gained consciousness just as the fuel ran low? It would seem the crew may have been intoxicated from fumes as the plane first veered off course, perhaps from a fire started by the load of rechargeable batteries in the hold self igniting, and as they realised they were being intoxicated, made their last conscious attempts to control the plane, by engaging the autopilot as they were slipping into unconsciousness, but were never able to complete the settings, and only re-gained consciousness hours later?
What's that smell!? Oh, it's York Hunt.
who says it had to have been deployed, it could well have broken off on impact along with many other pieces or almost broken off and later separated due to corrosion. I think it's too early to start making theories as to what the pilot did before impact.
what they need to do is figure out who planted that piece and where the rest of the plane is sitting.
I tend to agree. I come from a family that has run airlines- American and Continental CEO's- ran a company that builds them- Airbus- and also has been in charge of maintenance-Pan Am. And has helped countries start their own, mostly in Asia, etc. I am not an expert but have been around planes my entire life and I find the flight path curious. The turns, the altitude changes, it's bizarre. At first I thought an extreme loss of pressure but the lack of detection on virtually all radar kind of puts that to bed. How does a plane elude radar and satellites? You can turn off your output but that doesn't render you invisible. It seems that a plane should not be able to disappear like this. How many billions of dollars have been spent keeping track of our enemies with sophisticated methods of detection but yet we can't find a commercial airliner. It boggles the mind.
why would the pilot slow it down? he would not want to survive the impact!!
@Judenrat, Spot on. Unless there's ALOT more wreckage found, this easily could have been planted. No way that plane crashes into the ocean and doesn't break apart into a lot of pieces. There should have been a lot of debris around and, despite the vast size of the ocean there, somebody would have spotted a lot of it by now.
"despite the vast size of the ocean there, somebody would have spotted a lot of it by now" Fumbler, trying to find wreckage in the Indian Ocean (or any other ocean for that matter) is like trying to find a needle in a stack of needles. Why? Because the oceans are littered with floating garbage so it's really hard for a search plane to tell if they're seeing wreckage from a plane or just more garbage.
"How many billions of dollars have been spent keeping track of our enemies with sophisticated methods of detection but yet we can't find a commercial airliner. It boggles the mind." Debbie, it's not that mind boggling and, per usual, comes down to human error: the SSFDR ULB battery on Malaysia Airlines MH370 was more than a year past it's expiration date. If it pinged at all it didn't for very long and without the ping it's almost impossible to find anything in a garbage littered area of 28.4 million square miles.
I am not referring to any pings, above the sea or below. The planet is blanketed by radar and satellites. Radar detects objects giving no signals. I think you misunderstood my point. I get most of the Indian Ocean has zero radar tracking but satellites are covering it 24/7.
I am a commercial pilot... May have as well said you're the Pope, it would be just as believable.
Why did this one part float? Maybe when they build planes they should inject foam into parts that are likely to break off on impact?
Meanwhile, the exact duplicate of MH370 sits in a hanger in Tel Aviv. RESEARCH IT
The question still remains: Why was the captain so motivated to make the flight vanish?
I'm leaning towards the co pilot myself
Nothing like operating from your own "given", and then taking if from that non-substantiated premise as though it has already been proven and we can move on to the next, correction, YOUR question. What a revisionist, manipulative maroon.
FTSU - after initially saying the voice on the last radio transmission was that of the co-pilot, the multi-national panel of expert investigators have since been certain it was the captain's voice - this includes that his wife identified it as his voice.
Michael - enjoying the sound of your own word play? ...hope so because that's all your got going in your post.
I'm not saying that's an impossibility, mfrmorrobay, and you may be right because after that last transmission, the first transponder was shut down only about a minute and a half later. That means it's very likely that whoever made that last transmission was the one who started shutting the A/C down. If the last voice was the pilot, then it's more likely the co pilot was already out of the picture at that point. The co pilot is just a hunch at this point and not based on any solid evidence, so it is subject to change. I give the co pilot a razor thin margin.
I say Pilot because all the maneuver's prior and intentionally had to be someone super skilled. Co-Pilot was engaged think wedding soon and probably lacks the experience/skill this took.
Current maps show this plane definitely did not come from the coast of Australia. It was shot down on the way to Burj Khalifa in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Big deal, we know that by NOW, they are all dead, like those two white boys in the Atlantic!
Funny that, there has been no analysis or progress in analysis yet and yet everyone is getting increasingly confident, in something they already convinced themselves of, yes we have a self-fulfilling prophecy. Can we not just leave it at, "there's a good chance it's what we think it is" until there's real confirmation?
Is this the media's obsession with stretching more out of nothing, they'll now ask 1001 people for their opinion to be more and more sure they're not sure.
It IS what they say it is. Boeing just won't go past 99% until they examine it in a lab.
The ruskies have the plane! They just ripped off a couple pieces and deposited them in the Indian Ocean in an attempt to mislead.
and what, are they going to order replacement parts from Boeing? I hope you're just joking and not serious, but I can no longer tell
THIS PIECE OF POSSIBLY FABRICATED JUNK FOUND MAY BE FROM A PLANE BUT IT IS NOT MH 370 MORE LIKELY MH WAS HIJACKED AND THE PLANE TAKEN TO A REMOTE LOCATION FOR THOSE IF YOU EVER SERVED KNOW THERE IS AN ABUNDANCE OF OLD GHOST TOWN BASES THROUGHOUT SOUTH EAST ASIA FORMELY USED BY THE SOVIETS NOW USED BY MUSLIM ISLAM TERRORISTS AND DRUG LORDS WITH FUNCTIONING TARMACS SOUND OFF PEOPLE
How about reading the article before you post an uninformed comment?
k.buscas THE QUESTION IS CAN YOU READ YOU NEVER SERVED YOU NEVER SEEN REMOTE AIR BASES ISLAM MUSLIM TERRORISTS USE NOR DO YOU RECALL MH 370 HAD ENOUGH FUEL TO MAKE IT TO ANY OF THESE GHOST BASES NOR DO YOU TAKE INTO ACCT THAT CHINA HAS A MUSLIM ISLAM TERRORIST PROBLEM AND THERE WAS A TRAIN ATTACK RIGHT BEFORE MH WENT MISSING NOR THE LETTER THE CHINA GOVT RECIEVED FROM TERRORISTS SO BUSTER QUIT TOUCHING YOUR GRAPE GET YOUR GAME FACE ON SOUND OFF
"Illuminati? Not hardly! More like a dim bulb....hahahahah.
Could this aircraft remain in some sort of control without this part. Could it have fallen off and resulted in a situation where it could only be controlled by thrust? That other jet I believe was in Indiana when it came in with no hydraulics?
The part wouldn't just fall off for no reason - it's from a large force applied to the plane, e.g. impacting the war.
This “find” will not lead investigators to the plane; the ocean is just too deep and vast. They may now be able to use this to make that point and call it off. Could it be a plant? Why not? Big heavy piece of the ship full of holes and thus, water - - might have a slight tendency to sink to the ocean floor. Boeing could certainly supply one, someone could beat the 5hlt out of it and anchor it underwater for a long time and now “find” it. Of course Boeing engineers will identify it as coming from their 777; with the “help” of serial numbering maybe even from this MH370 flight. Who knows - - but one thing is for certain - - this search has cost tons of money, and now it may be possible to say they’re gonna stop looking. 1507310611
Snakeoylls mother probably drank a lot of mercury and snorted a bunch of cobalt 60 when she was pregnant by the lobstermen from Vega. That's why he is such a galactic class moron.
you should consider a brain transplant,the one you have is defective.snakeoyl
Better yet, just cut your wrists.
Perhaps they sank this rare and expensive airplane part BEFORE the crash in order to advance barnacle growth and appear better.............. Ridiculous.
"Perhaps they sank this rare and expensive airplane part BEFORE the crash in order to advance barnacle growth and appear better.............. Ridiculous." Yes Paul, it is. And you said it, not me!
What is so unreasonable about a flaperon, a heavy metal hollow component not water-tight and manufactured with holes (which can be seen), filling with water and sinking to the bottom of the sea? What is unreasonable about this flaperon being damaged when torn from its mounts on the wing in a violent ocean impact, and developing rips, holes, or tears? I asked whether the flaperon could have been planted; I didn’t say it was planted. Why is it unreasonable for governments to want to stop the massive financial hemorrhage this search/investigation has caused in the year+ since the disappearance? The Indian Ocean is vast and not a single piece of physical evidence has turned up - - until now. This unique Boeing part offers “proof” to families, insurance companies, governments involved, the press, and allows things to be closed (whether real or planted). No one seriously believes that this “washed up” flaperon will lead anyone to the wreckage, given the time and vastness of the Indian Ocean. Basic common sense in economics - - stop throwing good money after bad. Is it unreasonable to suggest governments may have lied? That companies lie? That evidence can be planted and investigators may lie? Cops plant evidence; cops lie - - foolk, who will debate that? Both Malaysia and Thailand lied about 370. Malaysia kept the true path of MH370 a secret for days. In fact they allowed several nations to search off Vietnam in the Gulf of Thailand, wasting time and tons of money when they knew 370 had gone the opposite direction passing right over Malaysian air bases and heading for the Indian Ocean; Thailand’s military tracked the plane too, and said nothing at the time. Why??? Why wasn’t 370, an aircraft on an unauthorized flight path with no transponder info and invading Malaysian airspace not shot down, or at least identified by sending up some fighters??? Odd, to say the least. I do not know what happened - - but we all absolutely know some weird aeronautical 5hlt went down. It makes sense from a financial stand point to now declare the plane “found,” even though we will much more than likely NEVER see any more of it than this flaperon. Motive for planting exists - - in spades! Is it really so unreasonable to think that a large, heavy, non-water-tight metal part like this one would fill with water and sink? Why is it so reasonable to think it just floated or was swept up on the beach??? This unique 777 flaperon would be easy to get and plant if so desired, it’s not like governments haven’t done 5hlt like this or deceived before! -Remember the Maine! Used as pretext for war against Spain; -Operation “Northwoods”; years before 911; conceived in the Pentagon; -JFK and the single shooter - - shut up before he could talk, by a mob-connected operative! Reasonable??? -Don’t forget the “magic bullet” that got JFK; Reasonable??? -USS Liberty… -Reagan actually arming Iranian terrorists with taxbucks and lying about it; Reasonable??? -TWA 800 just before the Atlanta Olympics; Boeing forced to take the blame; dozens of witnesses watched it get shot down; FBI lies and cover-up game; Reasonable??? -Building Seven - on 911; forty-seven stories of steel-frame construction, came down in seconds - - never happened before in the history of the world by fire; Reasonable??? -Over 2.3K (and counting) engineers and architects have questioned the whole “official” government story on the WTC 911 incident; they’ve presented evidence! Unreasonable??? -WMDs in Iraq; lies for “shock and awe” Operation Iraqi Liberty (OIL); Reasonable??? Yep, people in power and companies lie all the time. I have NO idea what happened to MH370 or why. I only know it makes great economic sense to end it - - this “evidence,” whether planted or a real part of that flight, make it possible to call it quits. Could it have been planted? Yep. Are there good reasons for planting it? Yep. Can I/did I say it was planted? Nope. 1507311935
BTW, in future if you cannot be specific in attacking what I said, and must rely on ad hominem attacks, I hope you’ll be a lot more creative. The comments were extremely run-of-the-mill 5hlt any school girl could come up with. Brain transplant??? Lobstermen??? Vega??? Here we go… Is that really all you can come up with? 1507311940
Well, well, well - - things are rapidly changing. The guy who found the flaperon has been talking to the media. Here’s just one of the pearls he’s dropped: "I feel like maybe it's God that sent me, I was just looking for a stone and now I think maybe God sent me so that the people that have lost their loved ones can grieve properly.” Well, that does it! GOD’s involved! That’s waaaay more reasonable than the possible planting of evidence by governments - - hey, GOD may have sent a large fish to push the 777 part off the bottom and onto shore so his “messenger” could find it. Now I get it. Mystery solved! 1507312155
Human cattle mocked to the utter limits at the end of the show: missing wing from downed Boeing 777 found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean Fake downed Boeing 777 - All explained hours after it was staged end-times-reductionism.blog+spot --- /2014/07/
Answer me this: How is it that NO passenger was able to get a cell phone call off. Remember flight 97 on 911, all the calls. Curious.
Flight 97 was over land. There is a shortage of cell phone towers in the Indian Ocean.
Because they were very high....and very far away from cell phone towers.....and you don't get a signal that high up...are you efin serious with that ridicules question?
I sometimes cant use my cell phone in my basement. im sure the cell service at 37,000 feet in the air over the middle of the indian ocean is not very good as well.
I guess all the conspiracy theorists will have to move on to something else. Maybe there is something else they can accuse Hilliary of.
there are ludicrous conspiracy theories, and then there are actual conspiracies. such as your second example.
A deflated football exploded in the luggage compartment.
Shrillary Benghazi Clinton needs no help from conspiracy theorists -- she perpetrates crime scenarios just fine on her own.
knaug, you're a butt bandit, and that's not a conspiracy theory
Well 4 highly irrational posts to start. That's conspiracy theory in a nutshell.
Hillary did not have sex with that woman!
But how does piece of metal that takes 4 men to carry,float at all ?? And since the plane was built by Boeing why wasn't the part sent to the U.S. instead of France (the Airbus producer)??
Its made of a composite material and has a number of sealed air filled spaces internally. Administratively, Réunion is one of the overseas departments of France. Like the other four overseas departments, Réunion is also one of the 27 regions of France, with the modified status of overseas regions.
RussL -- Wood floats, right? Have you ever seen a piece of wood so heavy that four men would be needed to carry it? Why not send it to Boeing? I have heard that's because it's on French territory and they want to hold the evidence in case some criminal act is found. I presume the appropriate Boeing engineer will go to France and be able to identify it.
It took 4 men to carry it, not because it is heavy, but because it is large & awkward. They were likely treating it with extra care out of an abundance of caution. Besides, huge ships made of steel float.
Reunion is French Territory. International agreement gives primacy for crash investigation to the territory where the crash occurred, and by extension, in this case, to where the evidence is found. The manufacturer has a requisite position as an observer a contributor, and the US NTSB claims a secondary or contributing investigative role where the aircraft was manufactured in the US or the operator or airline was US registered. Thus this part goes to France, who's air accident investigation bureau is one of the best anywhere in the world.
Your first question is too trivial to merit response. Ships weighing thousands of tons float by buoyancy, and rocks with no buoyancy are dragged by currents along seabeds for thousands of miles. There is absolutely no difficulty in describing how a piece of a crashed airliner may wash up on a distant shore. On the contrary, what we may hope is that it did not drift all that far, and it may hep in refocusing the search effort closer to that location.
The part isn't very heavy,,just bulky. Try lifting and carrying a 4x8 piece of plywood for example
This is just more media conjecture. Until the piece is taken apart and carefully inspected with verifying manufacturer marks and numbers it's all just media hype. Enough already, when someone actually verifies this information then there is news otherwise, this is nothing more than clickbait.
I don't think so. but Purdy convenient for them to just happen to have a some part float to Australia.
...what? did you say float to Australia? Time for you to suck another beer dude...;;.
Too bad the debris did not include an item that would identify one single passenger on the plane because it will no doubt connect the discovery to the plane itself. But how can they find that single identifying item if the plane never went into the water in the first place? I find it hard to believe that a flaperon that sank into the water would show up but not the rest of the plane.
So a part can't wash up if the rest doesn't?
Only Boeing can positively identify it. But France has to be the center of attention for a week or two.
Right, and the most important part, the identifier on the flaperon is somehow not there. Who are they fooling?
Hilary was seen going through the luggage for absentee voters ID. They won't find anything now.
After 16 months missing? Not unless they made it to Gilligan's Island. (No pun intended.)
jaime, you have no class at all, you simpleton.
Of course Australia is 'Increasingly confident' it's the right plane, then they can save a fortune hunting a vast ocean for clues. Answer me this. How come a hollow section full of holes floated all these miles? Why is there so little marine growth on something that is supposed to have been in the sea for nearly 18 months. How come the bag accompanied the wing bit all that way and still looks clean but a bit ripped?
The bag gives it away - I agree.
What in the schnell do you know about the effects of ocean currents and marine growth in the Indian Ocean? Do you know that a mans boat capsized off the coast of Australia and as found over 4,000 miles away about a year later? Do some research...
WesZ, tell us what you know! marine growth is VERY rare in oceans on floating objects in motion. Far more present on objects lying still like on the sea bed or coasts (how many seashells do you see on buoys after decades?) This really rather looks rather unusual, if it really floated ALL that time (it could have sunk at first and then suddenly started floating later though) then shouldn't there be lots of other pieces still floating around, why aren't we finding any until they maroon?
Not trolls, yeah-way. Just more conspiracy theorists.
well is there other 777s missing? if not , whats the problem?
Now CNN's arrogant "aviation expert" Richard Quest has a job again! Unbelievable.
The guy is insufferable. When there are so many qualified pilots and engineers who really do know something but who cannot find work.
OK conspirators. How long before you post the "govn't" planted this plane piece to make it "look" like it was from the missing plane?
They were already doing that minutes after this story broke.
explain, why the embossed piece on the flaperon that would've correctly the aircraft is missing?
OK, I guess I should have read all the posts.
nothing has proven that this piece is indeed from the missing MH 370.
well...at least it is a white flapperon..... Barry can rest easy.
Thanks for being that Obama Derangement Syndrome Guy. Every thread needs one.
hey todd, obama is the one that is creating all the race hate in this country... you can't blame people for noticing
When Boeing got the first hint of the wing section being found, they could check the P/N and within 1 minute tell you whether it is from the Malaysia plane or not. All this drama and BS is just that....more drama and BS.
I'd rather have CNN Wolf Blitzer missing.
I thought he was on NBC.
I thought Wolf Blitzer was on Headline News. Go figure!
Is it MH370? No. MH370 was taken into the reptilian space ship. It is not on the planet Toroth.
Did you mean to write "it is noW"?
It's beginning to feel like the disappearance of MH370 was staged by the writers an producers of the TV show "Lost"...
Why would you not sent it to Boeing.
Since it washed up on French soil/territory, France is responsible to investigate and identify will use it's own extensive expertise in Toulouse - and no doubt theat they will be in contact with Boeing
Because it was found on French territory - therefore, it falls under the responsibility of the Direction générale de l'aviation civile (DGAC) in Paris, France.
Now if the tail washed up on shore with the black box in it, that would be a story.
"MH370 clues mount". Clues? Mount? Too much hype.
I thought this plane was Being held captive on Diego garcia island.
The liberal/ progressives shouted that bull s-ht for months.
They are. Being entertained by Jerry Garcia and eating Cherry Garcia.
why are they playing games--who would know more about that part than the manufacturer - why are they not sending this part to boeing for final analytics
Yeah why to France ?And not directly to Boeing here .
That's the international law. The part is found in France - the French investigate. Boeing is a private firm in a distant, foreign land.
Audrey...I mean Pygmalion The part was found on a remote island near Malaysia .Not in France . That's why they are not searching beneath the Paris Musee du Lourve museum for rest of the plane .
Its in the southern Indian ocean .
It is France, and that is the correct, and ONLY possible correct answer to the original question (why the part is taken to Toulouse for expertise). It is not the only remaining French overseas territory by any means, and you have to lighten up and accept that you were incorrect, Acoustic.
If its not MH370 then its the other 777 that crashed last week.
It might of been one of the three 777's that crashed two months ago. Ha!
Could be from a 747 that crashed in 1987, near there.
It might of been a 799 wide body airliner that crashed in the Indian Ocean two days ago.
Reality 1, right wing paranoia and conspiracy 0.
Simpleton JC the Obama calk sukkah thinks being from a 777 and from being the same 777 that went missing are one and the same thing.
lol, when the right wing pea brains have no arguments they resort to gibberish.
Confident they have the right plane? There have been no other crashes of a 777, ever. The wing is from a 777. This isn't rocket science, just airplane science.
Yeah but they have to go through a formal procedure. Just like when one guy is burnt to a crisp in a single occupant airplane crash. There's no doubt it was the guy who everyone saw take off in the plane but the coroner still have to have the the body formally identified.
Free USA: No, because it may be someone else flying the plane. There are several billion people on earth, but ONLY one crashed, unaccounted for 777.
Don't tell CNN. They will talk about it non-stop for weeks.
Came for the wisdom of the Yahoo "barnacle" experts.
Wednesday ? why not Monday ? The families need an answer asap. Why prolong the wait ? MAS already confirmed it is from a 777. France....
The Malaysians are jumping the gun. The aircraft engineers want definitive proof.
They have definitive proof from the part number on the piece itself. That's already been established. The only ones who want "definitive proof" are the media outlets who want to play this story for as long as they can.
I agree it seems to be taking a long time to get the MFen piece in front of people who know #$%$ they are looking at, , and I don't even understand why it goes to france, even though, sure , there are experts there and other officials can fly there to see it.
Maybe this wreckage will narrow the crash site down from not being on the other side of the moon.
A part of a wing of a 777. Are so many parts falling off the wings of 777s, that they don't know if it came from MH370?
Let me see if I have this right........piece of wing flap with a part # 657BB that only goes to a Boeing 777 and only one 777 in the world is missing and they believe that it "MAY" be a portion of the wreckage of Flight MH-370 ??? Houston we have a problem !!! It's a lot like a lead in a murder investigation........do the police have a "Suspect" (?), of course not, they only have a person of "Interest" (???)....... What hell is happening to us ???
Yeah, everyone's afraid to say something definitive anymore. pathetic.
The lawyers are circling, waiting for an "unauthorized" statement, of some kind of language that could be construed to mean positive identification......just waiting for a chance to get some kind of lawsuit started
"Oh, we can't say that the Russian thugs in eastern Ukraine shot down MH17 with a BUK missile because that would offend some people." Sheesh. What's happening to us?. Do we have to be afraid of hurting the feelings of every nutjob who wants to think something else just because they can?
Maybe its an Aussie official tired of saying the search goes on and just wants to settle the matter so they can stand down and quit wasting time and money on this dead horse of a search. He could have bought or stolen the part then planted it. When money is involved people do strange things
The only problem is that this is going to increase the search for it, not diminish it. This new clue will renew the search for it. Back to the drawing board
Fut, Yes but not from Austrailia
Never Fly an Airline where Allah is their co-pilot.
They know its a part of a Bowing 777, but not sure if its flight 370???? How many missing 777s are in the Indian ocean???
Wouldn't this be the useful time and place for a drone??
??? What on earth would you expect a drone to accomplish in these circumstances????
Think of the millions of dollars could be saved !!!
Only ONE missing 777 in the entire fleet......................I can predict fairly accurately what the "experts" will find in a MUCH shorter time. Where should I send the bills ?
They haven't conclusively determined it was from a 777 yet. They will get that once they get the piece back.
No debris field and suddenly large pieces of metal start washing ashore, no luggage, seat cushions, carry-ons...?
Yeah, "the conspiring government" strategists determined that the best way to fool the entire world, including aviation experts and news agencies, was to wait 16 months before suddenly producing a "large piece of metal", and foolishly, they didn't realize someone would be smart enough to see it as suspicious based on the lack of debris field accompanying it. How @#$%!!ing ridiculous you sound. Maybe there's a conspiracy surrounding the #$%$ you just took. What a maroon.
This part could have been ripped off the wing if the plane made a water landing at a shallow angle. In that case, the fuselage would likely have remained intact, so the luggage, seat cushions, etc. would have remained inside.
It's not suddenly, it's 15 months later, and only one piece. Also one torn suitcase might also have been washed up.
Michael, wow, you're an idiot. Aviation experts are all of the board on this. It's not any agreement. What a limited intellect
We are pretty sure the part is from MH370. The part clearly came from a Boeing 777; we know that from the part number. And there is only one Boeing 777 missing....so we are pretty sure it is from MH370.
Yes mister simpleton, especially since the identifier is missing from the flaperon, "we are pretty sure it is from MH370"
Perhaps sarcasm is better employed as a vocal device.
"Speculation on the cause of the plane's disappearance has focused primarily on a possible mechanical or structural failure, a hijacking or terror plot, or rogue pilot action" -- What? No alien abduction?
The alien abduction angle is being covered here in the comments sections, by real, true, well-educated, top-level, genius-level experts who are guided by nothing more than logic, reason, and hard, verifiable, incontroverible evidence.
Not aliens... Time travelers! They take the passengers forward in time to repopulate the barren planet
I have to find out what kind of paint they use. If that's all that grew on that part in a year, I am painting my entire boat with it.
Only one 777 in the world is missing.
is it me or didn't anybody else see the clams attached to the damage 777 wing?
The question was answered already...how many aircraft of this make are currently missing ? One....question answered ....
How stupid are these people....there is ONLY one 777 missing in the entire world....NO 777 has ever lost a flap.....but it will take all weekend to see if this came from the missing airliner
How could any idiot give a thumbs down to this....I don't really care about ups or down's, but it just shows how stupid people are
Why would they send the part to France? Boeing built it..
The island is a French territory.Ask the French government.
This happened 16 months ago and we listened to reports about it daily to the point of us wanting to puke. It has started AGAIN with ''reports'' this ''might'' be from the wreckage. Why must the media beat this to death without knowing if this is a piece of the wreckage or not. When they find out FOR SURE then let us know.
Don't you know, they ain't got any other news to report, because they do no more investigative reporting.
Is it possible that a ridiculous conspiracy "explanation" is being promoted by jihadis trying to forestall the likely finding that one or both of the pilots committed an act of terror?
It's very possible both were involved, but I think it's more likely it was just one of them with one of them taking the other out before taking the aircraft.
Is it possible conspiracy theorists are struggling to find an explanation other than the obvious?
I'm not a smart man, but I would bet all the money I could get my hands on that it's from that plane. How many 777s are missing part of their wing?
Common - There is only one missing 777 - on the whole planet.
All the 777s in the world are accounted for. Except, for mh -370. And all others are with all wing equipment intact. So, why beat around the bushes. Ihh...the suspense. Of course it's from the missing 370.
There will be a serial number somewhere and a paper trail that leads to the aircraft
The searchers, no matter how good they are, are looking for small parts over a huge area. They could have flown over debris and not seen it. It's also possible that there just isn't all that much debris to find.
Bianna is one of Yahoo!'s top assets.
If the rest of it washes up on the beach we will find it.. Closer to what, being in the right ocean?
So, the experts of the 'unknown' are the experts of the "possibly" known? Help me understand, thanks.
Geraldo will have a 3 hr. special on this piece of debris tonite at 8p.m. . Followed by round the clock updates on the progress of getting it to France.
Stand back - CNN just got a major hard on
Better stock up on tin foil now before the stores run out.
Why do the idiots commenting mostly have names like Gustavo and Riccardo? RU guys Moros?
Huh; how many triple seven wings do you suppose are scattered around in the oceans?
This is about the third day we are reading "to be sent/flown to a testing site in France near the city of Toulouse". Christ, how many weeks does it take for something to be sent and arrive in France !
The only "mystery" is where it went down. Anyone hoping to find an intact fuselage with remains is not being realistic. So closure that way will not happen
shipment of lithium batteries in the cargo hold that smoldered and caught fire
How did that turn the plane several times and then fly 8 hours to the Indian ocean? I don't think a plane would keep flying that long if there were a fire onboard.
that's right dumbssaes. keep that brain dead rant going. you effers are just plain sad.
Are they going to dust it for prints? If someone clung to it for a while, there might be oily prints? Unless too many people have touched it already ... but that can't be true.
De Bris was my radio name.
1 this piece could be from the 777 flight from south america to france last year when it blew up over the water close to the country of africa
Hey DA... The #$%$ you're spewing didn't even happen. So stop trying to stir the pot
Joe, the dullest tool in the shed. Listen very carefully AirFrance flight #447, an Airbus 330 aircraft crashed into the Atlantic Ocean on June 1, 2009. It was not a Boeing 777. Only three 777 airframes have been lost, one landed short of the runway in San Francisco, one was blown out of the sky in the Ukraine, and the one MH370. Try reading and comprehending Idiot, and for the love of all that in decent, refrain from posting anymore of your stupidity.
Capt. Ransom looks like he's been lost at sea and floating in a raft for eighteen months
"Plane debris that washed up on an Indian Ocean island is from a Boeing 777, Malaysian authorities said " Who said that ? A malaysian guy? How does he know? Did he design that piece of a wing ? Jokers.
Exactly. Consider the source. I think it's a piece of a 747 that broke apart near Mauritus in 1987.
Since only 1 Boeing 777 has gone down in this area and the part is confirmed as a Boeing 777 part, it can safely be assumed that this is part of the MH370 aircraft. Hopefully, more information will be forthcoming soon. I feel that in this case one should hope for the best but prepare for and expect the worst.
Another story said a guy looking for "stones" found it.....now this says a "clean up crew" found it..... Conspiracy??
Why is this being dragged out? It would take no more than a few hours to determine if it's from the plane. A simple phone call to Boeing with a serial number or marking on ANY of the wing material will determine that. SO WHAT IS THE HOLDUP!?!?!?!?!
It's being dragged out because it keeps people tuning in to watch commercials. We already know it's from a 777 because the number on it matches the number in the 777 maintenance manual. We know it's MH370 because there is no other 777 missing its flaperon. Yet some idiots need to be kept in suspense because they need Boeing to tell them what to think rather than figure it out on their own. We have become a nation that needs to have the media tell us what to think rather than coming to valid conclusions on our own just so we watch more commercials.
We don't "know" it's from that missing plane. You know how many scrapped 777s there around around the world from various airliners? Someone could easily rip off a part and plant it somewhere as a hoax. Or it could be ripped off the real plane and replaced to make everyone think it actually did crash. Either way, No plane has been recovered, and we are no closer to finding anything out.
Yes, we do know. Are you saying people are flying around to throw parts of an aircraft into the ocean? FOR WHAT REASON??? They don't want to remind people of it if they're trying to hide something about it. THEY WANT THEM TO FORGET ABOUT IT!!! You make no sense. Just another mentally ill conspiracy theory loon
If there really was a conspiracy to hide something, this part would never have been found. No one is going to go to all this trouble to remind people about this aircraft and get them looking for it again. They are better off just letting the whole thing die down so people forget about it, as it was doing, not bring it up again. It not only does nothing for someone who wants to hide something, IT WORKS AGAINST THEM!
What reason, it's called terrorist buddy... You ever heard of that? You know how much an aircraft would be worth to a terrorist, and how much damage it can cause being stuffed with explosives and flown into Israel, or any crowded city. Use that brain, I'm sure you have one in there somewhere, even with a screen name like that. You may not be too bright, but I'm sure you still have a brain in that thick head somewhere.
Terrorists are not idiots who do things that are not necessary, moron. Ther e is absolutely NO reason to plant this evidence to make people remember this aircraft. Someone, anyone, terrorist too, who want to hide something do not do things to make people remember, doofus
There is absolutely NO reason for anyone, whoever it is, to do this to have people remember this aircraft because it gets people snooping around again,. which is something someone who wants to hide something does not want people to do, moron.
And terrorists, if they have it and want to use it for something, WANT PEOPLE TO FORGET ABOUT IT, NOT REMEMBER IT!!! You're an idiot.
MH370 was on its way to obscurity, but the terrorists, who want people to forget about it so they can secretly use it as a weapon, unnecessarily planted evidence to remind people about it when they would have been better off not planting evidence so people would forget about it. You need your head examined by a good shrink.
Wow, you are mentally Ill... Spamming peoples comments and thumbing up your own comments to make yourself look good. You have serious issues.
No you are the mentally ill one, clownass. You got 4 thumbs down for you delusional comment, and I did not get more thumbs up than that, so those who gave you a thumbs down also gave me a thumbs up. I don't need to do that to get thumbs ups. Spamming other people's comments. Another delusion on your part. I make all my own comments pinhead. Please check yourself into the nearest mental health facility before its too late
I have my doubts. Personally, I think somebody just got fed up w/ ironing, went to the pier, heh heh heh, & threw the ironing board off. SORRY, RELATIVES!! Huh?
how does a metal plane wing float? is it full of styrofoam or something similar to that
airplane main metal is light anyway, that is the idea, and there may be trapped air.. water is heavy and not all metal parts are, versus their displacement...
Duh! How does an aircraft carrier float is it full of styrofoam or something?
I'm a moron? Jeez you post ignorant statements about how a wing floats and you call me a moron? Study a little about aircraft construction and boat building (pay special attention the the section called "displacement") and maybe you'll be able to cure your self of your ignorance, mark.
Parts from that plane will be washing up on shores until the salt eats all the metal.
Wait a second! What if this part was planted to cover up the real reason MH370 disappeared? I hate to burst the bubble but until a serial number (not just a part number) is found on this part and it can be tied directly back to THE A/C that was MH370, there is another possibility. There are probably a couple of dozen spare flaperons for the 777 around. In fact are the ones from MH17 and several other scrapped-out 777's accounted for? What I am saying is that it wouldn't be out of the question for this to be a planted part. It would be simple to do. In fact, if it didn't crash (was hijacked to a hidden location). it would be simple to take the real part off of the plane and plant it where they found it. Since it is mostly aluminum, how did it manage to say afloat for a year or so? Let's hope that the French and others check out all of the angles. It would also be really helpful if other items from the fight started showing up. Just saying................
They didn't have to do anything more than what was already going on to cover up the "real reason" MH370 disappeared if that's what they were trying to do. If someone wanted to cover it up, all they had to do was leave it alone, not do something that would bring back memories of the event and make people start looking for it again. If you want to cover something up, you don't bring back the memory of it, you let it die out, which it was doing and all of the searches all but called off. Doing this does nothing more accomplish the goal you stated than just letting people to forget about it. You're just looking for an excuse for a loony conspiracy theory. it makes no sense; it is totally unnecessary.
Futt.. Your point is well taken but the arrival of this one part in an area where it could be "found", given the size of the Indian ocean etc., has an infinitesimally small probability of actually happening as it is being scripted right now. I really hope this is it and the case is closed.
Not really, as everyone who thought it wasn't in the ocean said, if it is there, some part will eventually wash up on a beach somewhere, and that's exactly what happened. There is no need for anyone to do this. It would be like someone who was involved in assassinating JFK to continually plant evidence just to throw people off; that never happened because in a conspiracy, you don't keep bringing it up to remind people about it, you want them to forget. Not only does this not accomplish anything for a possible conspiracy, it's counterproductive to the conspiracy because it reminds people, not makes them forget, adn when you're trying to hide something, you want people to forget about it.
The aim of any conspiracy is to make people forget so they don't go snooping around, not remember so they start looking again, and the only thing this does is make people remember and want to go looking for it again. If there really was some kind of conspiracy to hide anything about this aircraft, this part would not have been found; that it was found proves there is no conspiracy to hide what happened to it because it occurred naturally.
I've heard that half the posters on this board are Moros/Filipinos, for some reason..
Haha, Kimo, your post was great as a comedy post. I'm sure it generated a chuckle from most intelligent people. How many "scrapped" out 777' do you think there are out there in the big aircraft bone yards. Three 777 hulls have been destroyed "beyond economical repair. The rest are continuing to generate revenue by flying. Jeez the comments on here by people who know little about airframes and the aviation industry are amazingly ignorant.
Just say yes so the victims can move on in peace
There is no hope , they are dead .
It was taken down by a terrorist. arab terror needs to die.
i dont think it was terror, they would not have made such an effort to get to an isolated area and hide the wreckage, they would have done the opposite. seems like another suicidal nutjob wanting the insurance to pay to his family
Except, there are no Arabs in Malaysia.
terrorists took down pan am without being the country no problem
Andy the ph@ goat knows for sure that this is the malasian plane.
dale yeah. Praise Dale and Raise Hale!
Idiot child, sorry, I am biting, Go away. Surf some porn before your parents get home.
"there are no Arabs in Malaysia", therefore, this couldn't have been done by Arabs-- only a cerebral occluded liberal ph@ goat is capable of such illogical explanation. Plus, totally discounting that this could be from a different plane, especially since the aircraft on the flaperon seems to have gone missing.
"especially since the aircraft on the flaperon seems to have gone missing.#$%$ does that even mean? And it does have parts numbers, that's how they identified it as a piece from 777.
Once again you show that you're a fool making scholarly pretensions. It's not about having "part numbers", it's about having the embossed label on the flaperon that would've identified it as indeed being from MH 370. Watch Mike Exner explaining it in his video. Plus, being identified as a piece from a 777 and actually being from the 777 in question are one and the same thing, how?
* aircraft identifier on the flaperon gone missing
Why would every piece of an airplane have a number linking it to a particular plane? Only thing some pieces may have are inspection numbers that you may then cross check. I am not sure what you are trying to prove with your statements that have conspiracy undertones in them.
Again and again, you prove you're an ignorant fool. Not every piece, but the flaperons have the "data plate" or the "aircraft identifier". The location on the flaperon where the data plate is affixed is also shown in Exner's video. Somehow, the data plate was not found while the entire flaperon was? Did Malaysian airlines use cheap adhesive to glue it on to the flaperon?
You all realize there is only one 777 in the world missing right? Unless there one out there that doesn't seem to steer right, I would say it is from the Malaysian plane.
That is the one thing it is not. They would have fallen all over themselves taking credit and the plane wouldn't have flown for hours after the event.
You know if you had a functioning brain you could see both sides. We invaded a country for no good reason and killed close to a quarter of a million people for nothing. How happy would you be if it was your state? And who would you be calling a terrorist?
Isn't this the flight the kooks had hidden in a hanger being loaded with nukes as part of "Obozo"'s plan to declare martial law and ship us off to FEMA camps?
Yep. They're imaginative for being so freakin' stupid.
Why all the drama? There aren't any other 777's missing so this has to be from this lost flight.
It's actually all about the crazies who said this plane was on land somewhere waiting to be used as a weapon. They were TOTALLY WRONG!!!
There is only ONE missing 777 flap in the world- and it was attached to the malaysian 777 !
Well just how many other Boeing 777 wings are out there, I would make a bet it's the one.
don't up grade the peanuts, meals, legrooms - just up grade safety & norudepassengers
at last, they finally detected a PING
"From the part number, it is confirmed that it is from a Boeing 777 aircraft..........There is only one Boeing 777 missing in all the world. Mystery solved, at least the part of whether or not this is from the missing Malaysian MH370. What else could it be linked to?
Well, this ends the craziest of the theories. Pilot suicide would be an easy solution. We see how that can happen.
"...said they were confident the main debris field was in the current search area..." we realize we said this 652 times before this announcement, but today we really mean it...
wait til they find out this part is registered to the one that Putin had shot down over the Ukraine..............(Putin had parts picked up from there & dumped them in the Indian Ocean just to screw with the rest of the world....)
If only the black boxes could float
And how many other 777s have been lost in th IO?
Probably about a dozen. However, most were unmanned drones.
More than likely from MH370. However this brings up more questions now. Ok so it went down in the ocean. Were is it? Why did it go down and for what reason was it flying that way in the first place? Just knowing that it crashed only answers "what" happened to it. We still don't know why.
Experts weigh in on debris find? What a waste of time. Of course it's MH370. Any other missing 777s lately? Duh...
my guess is the pilot of this ill-fated MH370 made a very soft-landing somewhere in the indian ocean that kept the entire plane and contents intact until corrosion broke the plane apart
No it is a flying saucer from Mars...Hell yes it is the aircraft and some SOB took it into the ocean and klilled all those people..
If the people are in paris and the wreckage will be there sat and then looked at next wk why so long they should start looking at it sat when it arrives .maybe they don't work on wk ends and party til next wk the whole thing is a big joke ..
The rest of it in buried in 3 to 6 feet of ocean bottom silt ! If impact ripped the wing to pieces what do you suppose it did to human bodies ?
They should let Boeing look at the part. I hope it is a piece of the airline who knows with the ocean being so big. Hoping for clourse for the families.
this is still not going to bring the family members back.there for the jetliners is still on the ocean floor with her passenagers.so put this flight to rest for the families sake you idiotic bobble headed story tellers!! so called news reporters.
Remember that TV series on not long ago called "Lost"...about that airplane that crashed...and how the "survivors" managed things??? Made Matthew Fox, Evangeline Lilly and Jorge Garcia stars...along with a few others. Could this airplane have been attacked by that smoke monster?
The survivors eaten by that polar bear?
Luck that it even hit land...and bare land...could have been out there for years
"Unthinking respect for authority, is the greatest enemy of truth." - Albert Einstein
let me guess the manufacturer of airplanes doesn't put serial #s on the parts-- otherwise it should be easy to read a serial # off the part mystery solved enuff said
The guys looking at it remind me of the goofs at the hanging chad party in Florida. It's a part number write it down and move on. You will devine nothing by stareing at it.
The answers were in the pilots' baclgrpimd checks. Why are we so blind?
YAHOO LIVE: NOTHING MORE THAN PURE SPECULATION,AS USUAL.
* 7 *was not a good number for Malaysia airline.
I know, 370 & 17.... I would do some adjustments to their flight numbers.
I don't now,..... That looks like a piece that came off my 2001 Oldsmobile.
Did it crash in the Indian Ocean?
I don't know how it got there,... but it was losing parts all over the country......
LOL, Of course it is!!! There are no other 757's, or any similar planes, missing anywhere near the place... Gawd, THINK FOLKS!!!
777. Whatever... THERE ARE NO OTHER HUGE PLANES MISSING IN THE AREA!
Aren't there any part numbers on the debris that might match up with the airframe ? I know autos have part numbers that go with the chassis number ...
No kidding it's closer than ever to answers. They had nearly NOTHING to go off of prior to this.
''(What else can it be)''..!.. If the identical serial parts number is stamped on the wing part---it can belong to no other...Unless, by chance, someone went through hell and high water--to concoct a huge hoax...That in itself---doesn't show that they will find the other missing parts of the puzzle...But, it at least will give the families of the victims some hope, and solace...!..
Well now we can at least prove that it crashed.
The clowns on CNN are hilarious. Who is the fool with the British accent. They need to just report the news and not analyze this to death. Ridiculous! God bless the families of this tragedy.
Can't we just wait until they do the analysis on the part and we'll know one way or the other instead of all this speculation....OMG!!!!!!!!!!
Looks like we better start re-evaluating the flight, and begin to look waaaaay west in the Indian Ocean, then....whaddya wanna bet its in shallow water twenty miles off the coast of La Reunion ?
UFO must've vanished the plane with miraclous and super advance technology. Tele transportation. Aliens meets the Xenophobic Stricken Terrified Chinese passengers. They screamed. Ahhhhhh........ So the aliens took Chinese to another planet. Hope They could make IPHONES for aliens.
'closer' than ever to answers? Not quite. So close, yet so far
In 25 years of watching the news, you the most beautiful reporter I have seen... You would have to be very intelligent also to work for Yahoo. Great Story. I guess the Conspiracy Theorists were right. (ie. Landed near an Island and hiding the people). Yeh, I saw the ring, oh well. ha.
In Russia, if you can't find plane, plane find you.....
This is great.....Hopefully they will find some survivors in the water around the crash site....I hope they do....
Did you read the story? Or comment based on the headline?
I read the entire story.... I am hoping that survivors are found
A girl on date show me her flaperon once too
Did it have a part number on it? And clams growing on it?
Id like to play with Bianna
Is a partner like a baby mom or a girlfriend.
Sending part to France. Want answers, send it to Boeing. They built the plane.
Malaysia is politically close to France, so that's where they're sending it. Boeing reps will simply fly there.
i thought the same thing. there must be some international agreement in place.
Nothing that complex. It was found in a French territory, so the French will investigate. I'm sure they will work with the plan manufacturer in their final analysis.
well, thanks jason, that makes complete sense!
A team of Malaysian investigators are flying to France....what the hell are they doing...going on vacation? I am pretty sure the US has dumped billions into this crazy ordeal.
Why all the rush to judgement? Why not just be patient and let the experts do their thing, then trumpet it to the world. Gossip as news: the American way.
Did this piece of the wing float, or did it wash along the bottom to get there?
"...it would be difficult to determine FROM THE DEBRIS why the plane disappeared." It didn't disappear from the debris. Where are the editors and proofreaders?
is this piece "flotsam" or "jetsam"? probably jetsam.
Experts ? They announce part from Boeing 777, yet want to confirm it was flight MH370.. How many Boeing 777's are out floating around their island ?
Somewhere, an Alien is being given a Pink Slip for not properly securing the pay load of the abducted plane. #$%$&*_&*_^%(%&+&(_" (translation: YOU HAD ONE DAMN JOB!!!)
This news contradicts our conspiracy theory, so therefore, we call it a "lie".
How can this be? Faux News said the plane is in Pakistan.
Most likely MH370. but with Malaysia's track record of inaccurate statements following the accident, I would rather see Boeing verify it really is from a 777.
what if they duplicated the part and then threw it out there....decoy.......the plane would still be very usable.....they have had almost 2 years.....just askin
If you look back to Michael McKay Story he right but the stupid Teabagers don't listen.
Russ, only tea bagging going on is about 2 inches from your upper lip !
The Lord works in mystery ways. All we can do is pray to the Lord and all of it is in his hands. Go 2 church.
Correction: DON'T go to church. STOP wasting time praying to something that does not exist.
Rather than saying that God works in mysterious ways, I would say God acts exactly as if he/she doesn't exist.
That is quite a distance it flew without refueling!!!~!
You don't really exist, it's just a conspiracy.
Andy is a ph@ goat, that's not a conspiracy
this is a large part to be floating in the ocean. Apparently all the radar, flir, etc. was not able to pick it up. What kept it afloat?
I don't think radars are designed to pick up 1x3 meters pieces of aluminum on a surface. And this was not in a backyard pond, but an ocean.
What kept it afloat was the construction. Those parts of wings are not solid but have many compartments with air trapped in it.
Actually its NOT aluminum.... Its Made of a composite material and has a number of open air filled spaces internally.
Michael, the wing of an 777 is actually aluminum skinned. The outer wing compartments are made from composite materials and are air and water tight to permit an airplane that landed on the water enough floating time to evacuate any survivors.
Nothing has proven that this piece is indeed from the missing MH 370-- but liberal fools are already rejoicing
You don't think so Frank the ph@ goat? You have proof?
What does "liberal" or "conservative" have to do with this find?
serial numbers are tract on aviation parts. if the data plate is intact it will tell the truth. but they could have changed the data plate. its not that hard
they could not find the data plate; watch Mike Exner's video. that is why this smells fishy
If it's from a 777, it's from MH370. Case closed!!!
That's exactly what they want you to believe... this has all the makings of fake evidence while actually the plane is hidden and being modified for a terrorist attack
I think your tinfoil hat is on too tight
Conspiriacy theory in me says the plane was disassembled in a hangar, and the parts were dumped in the Indian ocean
It would be too expensive to disassemble a plane that size. Also, what happened to the passengers? Ditching the plane while it is flying is quicker and less messy.
Experts? on wat all plane parts are mark from the place ther where made, we dont need experts to know where they come from
OMG....just what the FREAKS at CNN needed....we won't hear the end of this for 6 months...24/7. If I have to hear that nutjob English aviation loser for one more day again....I just might hire that lion killer dentist to.......
The answers were in the pilots' background checks.
I dont think I would have much faith is these so called experts. How the heck to do lose a airplane in 2015?
so if it is a 777 plane part, and there saying oh no its no, how many other missing planes are out there ? ho many others have crashed? commercial, public, military?
No, "they're" saying it IS a 777 part. And as the article states, there have only been 3 of them involved in major incidents in recent years.
Sounds legit, now get an Oceanography to study the wave patterns and try to pin point an area to search
What a load of ....hot air. It's bad enough AFP is worthless as 'journalism'. a Boeing 777 wing part is found in the southern ocean...NO it might be from some other plane from the ...MOON. AFP = fail/useless.
The search for answers???? Here's the answer: THE MUSLIM PILOT WENT JIHAD.
Loony Tune pilot ditched it on purpose. Trailing edge damage to the control surface tells the story.
Jack - That "trailing edge damage" looks like spiky barnacles to me!
Well, if the Malaysian authorities say so, it must be true. *rolls eyes*
DUH! The only 777 ever to go missing in that area. A school of kindergarteners could figure this one out.
I feel bad for those crabs.
A map of where it was found would be nice?
Yes, I looked up a map of Reunion and it was nice.
The pilot was a muslim, he had the same strange flight path the missing plane took on his flight simulator at home, and had practiced flying it MANY times ! I think we ALL know what the MUSLIM DID !!!! DUH !!!
And clinging to the floating flaperon was ....... Amelia Earheart?
This just in: the plane is still missing. CNN breathes a sigh of relief, still a story.
What I don't understand is how a metal or heavier-than-water object, once sunken, can rise to the surface and "wash ashore." A sick hoax, maybe?
It's not heavier than water. Sure, it's made of metal, but it's hollow. It's light enough to float just like a metal-hulled boat.
Who ever said it was "once sunken"? This could have been floating on/near the surface since the plane crashed.
Thanks for your replies. I had considered the "trapped air" conjecture, but what about the expulsion of fuel and replacement by water. Your assmption seems to be that the wing could be filled with air. Wings are typically fuel tanks and more). Water is more dense than air Or fuel. On or near the surface, it's more likely that water, rather than air, would flow IN causing the fuel or air to be displaced (forced out).
There could be sealed compartments within that wing section that would not allow water in to replace the air.
Jason - what could be the purpose of sealed compartment of air, when it could be used to store more fuel?
It's a moving part. It's too small to bother with plumbing a fuel tank inside. It's hollow because filling it with anything just increases your takeoff weight with no gain.
Richard - This isn't where they would store fuel. This is a flap that attaches to the wing, not the wing itself. It is meant to be light and stiff, that takes empty pockets and stiffening braces that often seal them off. Also, they are not in a quest to always store more fuel. Once they have enough storage in the plane, they are done.
Bianna ain't a bad lookin' old girl!
If it is from 370, it could also have been planted there. Be a smart way to keep the search for it in the ocean going, and away from any possible landing sites................just saying
Why is the wing part being sent to France? Will a Parsian chef make a flap flambe out of it? Will a chemist from Gras try to make a perfume from it? Did Boeing build the 777's wing in Lille? Why France?
Were Obama's Kenyan birth certificate and Benghazi cover-up reports on the flight???
"...closer to understanding the mystery swirling around the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777..." — A muslim pilot murdered everyone on board. Not really a mystery.
Just like that Christian pilot slammed that plane into the side of that Mountain in the French Alps? Or how one of your GOP boys killed all those blacks in that church just a month ago? Yeah. I know what you mean.
Wing Headlines will be ** MH17 ** not MH370 Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
What's the S/N on the data tag?
It is a plot by Ukraine. They took a part from MH17 and tossed it into the ocean.
To throw off Tbags' conspiracy theory
I have always wondered why the Democrats and Republicans are so divided on this subject.... I guess it was a dividing moment in the history of the Illuminati... maybe Kennedy's assasination was not 100 percent agreed upon as most things are nowadays
how are these arties divided on this subject?
didn't that piece just get shipped from Paris?
Regardless, if the PLANE went down on the ATOM BOMB dump on DIEGO GARCIA, what was to stop the USA from trying a false flag operation by dropping off a few pieces in the OCEAN on one of it's reconnaisance flights over the Indian Ocean .. Nothing is changed ..... DIEGO GARCIA needs to be investigated !!
Seriously. Have you ever been to Diego Garcia? There is ABSOLUTELY no way that a 777 could land at that base and a hundred people not see it. Why is it you dumb conspiracy theorists think there's a conspiracy behind everything that's not immediately explained? Do you not realize that everything is not a conspiracy? It is so boring shooting your dumb ideas down because you spout such easily disputable theories.
ALASTAIR, head on over to Diego Garcia and find that airplane. It's a small island. Can't be to many places to hide a plane that size. You'll be an international hero!
How long are they gonna report that plane FK that plane
Wow it took them longtime to set this one up.......... Same plane gets shot down in the Ukraine war zone, pictures show bullet holes from guns that would not reach 30,000 ft. So why would a civilian plane fly low enough in a war zone? because that Is where they ditched MH370. Then the Malaysian Gov takes over the airline. Facts, that part would not float, No radar, No Black box,
It's from the plane Jimmy Hoffa was on.
Part of a wing and a backpack will reveal a great deal about the thinking of the driver.
The driver? What part of the middle east do you come from?
This B.S. your going to hype the people on a emotional story.
How does finding a six foot section of wing bring us "closer to solving this mystery"?
The survivors might have turned to jellyfish, but just keep searching
Are the clams edible on the wing? Maybe they could use DNA tasting to find where the clams came from. Wait, aren't clams on the ocean floor? I say they have a clam bake and see what they can raise for more research.
Gag me with a spoon, enough of your blather about this, CNN
An AFP report on Yahoo has what to do with CNN?
Sept 23, 2015. BIG jew false flag coming.
In that case, keep a watch on NettinYahoo during these 2 months leading up to this date. Any news of him has been awfully quiet recently, except that #$%$ is lending her support to the guy and his policies. Call it false-2-flags. I went back on news articles from Time and Newsweek that I'd kept, prior to 9/11 and it was evident from US and world news that things were 'in place' ahead of time.
MH370 = Another jew false flag Research: MH370 duplicate in Tel Aviv
Quite possible. Diego Garcia is run by the militaries of the USA, UK and IZZY.
powerfull people don't want you to ever find out what happened to that plane for now
let's hope the mystery is solved.
The plane is still hidden away and this is a red herring designed to make gullible people believe that it crashed
Metallic debris sink , how did they float to this island ???????????????????????
Sealed interior structures filled with this stuff called "air" !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Boats are made of metal, you know, even concrete....
Lesson learned: you can't trust a Muslim.
someone is worried that the investigation is getting to close to the truth and planted that evidence
It flew so far away on limited fuel????
All aircraft parts have Data Plates or markings with Part Number and Serial Number. Surely they checked this the first day the part was found. What are they waiting for to confirm?
Stay in suspense, stay tuned, and be sure to buy our sponsors' products.
Oh, and one more thing, don't do any thinking for yourself; wait and let us tell you what to think
If it is a 777 part it still doesn't mean that it was ever part of an entire plane.
yeah, and just because it has barnacles on it doesn't mean it was ever in the water for a long time too, right?
Read the news? The part was not from Flight 370.
DENIED!! Look, as soon as the liberaal text starts right off with "experts" as they always do, one may as well move on.. Nothing new here ; they get paid for printing what the government or liberaals tell them to and for you & I to disregard..
And no floating seat cushions, no bodies washing up on shore, no luggage washing up on shore, no other debris washing up anywhere. Just a piece of a wing. Something ain't right here.
Who planted the debris there? Is it USA as the most likely one?
Oh look,, they found my refrigerator door finally, Thanks
The wing released a statement earlier today. "Didn' t you here my pinging?"
What does "here my pinging?' mean? You need to communicate in English.
I'm surprised Donald trump hasn't promised to solve this "mystery". Probably an illegal who got on board and hijacked the plane into the Indian Ocean looking for a better life huh, DT?
2,500 miles from where the plane was last detected and yet they are confident this piece is from the wreckage.... Talk about jumping to conclusions......How about we just wait and see......
This news contradicts our conspiracy theory, so therefore, we call it a "lie".
Where is Wolf Blitzer ?? Isn't CNN still running constant coverage .... until it is found ??
freaking afp old news ,it is no big deal, those people long dead and they will never know how and why, waste of freaking time
Were there any survivors clinging to the flaperon?
Looks to clean to be ''floating'' for so many month in water.
gov lying, plane flew to diego garcia.. falseflag alert
Deigo Garcia is a small island. Not too many places to hide a plane that size. Why don't you travel to Diego Garcia, find the airplane, and become an international hero?
Bianna Golodryga, you do good work and I'll bet Mr. Orszag is a happy man and always has a nice smile on his face every morning. Live well my friends...La revedere.
Funny, Flight MH370 is a mystery.........But if it was a White COP and a Black Thug, Obama would already have the answers .............
any excuse to rant your politics.... Are you capable of focus?
How long does it take to verify a serial number? Talk about milking it.........
Sure, think in terms of aircraft carriers, etc. ...it's the weight of water displaced
Great news! I hope they find these people real soon...
watch that suit case turn out to be from someone's mom, and that guy just called it rubbish.
It's a bait and switch tactic, read " Yoichi Shimatsu MH370, the role of Soros and Israel exposed", just like 911, there's a plan in the making, and the craft doesn't give a damn about the collateral damage, so long as their agenda gets fulfilled
"Is It LMH370?" When the headline is a question, you know you're not going to get the answer in the story.
Seems to me that they should know weather it is or isn't within hours. There should be ID. numbers on all of those parts. Something very very fishy happening here.
Written on the other side. "If found, please return to Malaysia Airlines."
Last night their was a bizarre report on CNN where they showed an actual 777 Flaperon on a table and also had an intact 777 in the background where they showed a Flaperon attached to the wing. That part shown on TV was NOT the same part that shows up in News Photos from Reunion. The part shown on TV last night is smaller basically a perfect rectangle in shape and is thinner.
CNN has being doing the 'news' all day. When there are some facts revealed, please let me know.
Right after Fox gives us some fair and balanced news reports....
the story could have been one sentence: the part number matches the 777
"Malaysian investigators"?? Oh yea, THAT'S a crack team of scientists I'm sure...
wow they will literally make up anything to hide they lies and corruption
"making it almost certainly the first piece of wreckage recovered from missing flight MH370." Almost certainly ? How many Boeing 777's are missing ?
Looks like a Donald Trump sign which someone had the good sense to toss in the ocean and these guys can't think that would happen? LOL.
So, maybe Courtney Love was right and it drifted there from Pulau Perak.
for the people that did not read.....its part of the left wing right next to the engine......and it has been seen by people at boeing saying this....
this "PART" and (one) suit case was planted there.
Aliens? CIA? Terrorist? which conspiracy nut are ya?
A trawler went down off the coast of West Australia a few years back...........................it was found 8/9 months later near that same island. It drifted across the Indian Ocean in that short amount of time. With the currents circling around Antarctica it could very well be caught up in that and deposited where it was found.
So much for the "arc" and that the plane couldn't have gotten that far west.
If the flap was deployed, it would mean something was amiss and someone was in charge. Not sure if this was to be a gentle landing or a suicide mission.
the fact the transponder was turned off, and it "happens" to be in the deepest water reachable by that plane, make it clear to me it was a suicide.
And humans were fish food as soon as they hit the water
no...the fish would have been like WhattheFuqq, at first, with the bang and splash and stuff.. my tank fish are the same when I first feed them live mosquito lavae...they stand back cautiously and watch, and whtF is this #$%$, boss? then one guy, brave and reckless, tries one.. Damn, that be good! He goes into a feeding frenZy, and the rest of the "oh, well, ok, I guess", and do too..
Closer than ever. What a crock. They are no closer today than they were 16 months ago.
Duh. 777 piece turns up in the Indian Ocean. Only 3 have ever had accidents and two of those were over land. Hmmmm. I wonder if its from the crash or if Boeing dropped it there?
It seems like it would be easy to tell if the part was from a crash at least. There would be damage from the points where it was attached to the plane on either end of the part. This has never been mentioned. It may be junk fallen off a transport ship or junker
I said a year ago that if you find a part now good question if this part was put there and the plane is still intact!
One of these third world militaries probably shot down the 777.
I mean no disrespect to the lives lost, and maybe its just me...but does anyone else seem to find this bearing something of a resemblance to the TV show "Lost"?
That's it THATS MH 370!! WHY? THE FLAPARON CAME FROM A 777 and it's only MH 370 that's MISSING IN THE WORLD! DAH!!!!!
Let us know when they really find something. How many times do we see this garbage?Its never conclusive..Yahoo and its hype. Useless.
It has just been confirmed that the piece was from John Denver's plane...
NOT news worthy in the USA !
Fake downed Boeing 777 - FULL STORY explained hours after it was staged Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
the Israelis took it...that's why it has kosher barnacles from the Sea of Galilee stuck to it..
If only it was a piece of Air Force One. *ducks*
Must be that passport that didn't get burn. It turned up just in time.
For answers to these and many other recurring questions, be sure to tune into the next TV series "Lost, Again"
The doomed plane is in the ocean, obviously ! Solving what ???
This is a step toward determining WHERE in the ocean. They are keen to figure out why it went down. What they really want is the black boxes.
we are talking Indian ocean ? not the great lakes !
obviously YOU are sooo stooopid! @Zyzzyx, Toan is proof positive ya can't fix stooooopid!
idiot dom must be a Chinese Troll !
Lots and lots of stuff could float from a downed plane....but just one piece?....how about all the luggage, carry ons, books, magazines paper, pillows,.......betting this is from some other plane...that could have floated a long distance before ending up there..
ohh i would rather watch cnn and see this type of story,, rather than some crack heads daughter or a man getting his wang cut off on a whim,
Ping Ping Ping Ping Hoax Ping
Moose-lim Pilot and the plane went down......."Shocked".
George Bush Jr: "777 is a jackpot in Vegas"
That wreckage looks like Hillary and Jeb's presidential campaigns....
yea let trump put the america last he is for the rich and don't care about our country to even talk about our vets and disgraced them is sign that he never had a loved one serve and die for this country I lost a lot of family friends and what did he loose his hotel was like a shack in nj he never fix that casino he's a joke cause he go money he thinks he god gift to the world well god wasn't rich every time a republican is president we go to war for nothing loo at what bush put us in and we are still burying family that gives their life for something that was un true and we still there why didn't his daughters or family go give their lives and even those in congress that don't know anything but their pay value they been there to long lets change the old people in he white house and make this country better than it is now like years ago and stop giving money to other country that don' need it america should be number one I may be old but not stupid usa god bless us all
What does a plane wing have to do with politics?
c'mon...get teh guys and girls from CSI.....they will solve the problem in less than an hour
Obama is orchestrating all these "Australian Officials" to say whatever he wants. He pulls all the strings on these puppets to act and "sing". Use your common sense people. This whole thing never happened and these "officials" with their fake accents are obviously CIA operatives. Wake up! *sarcasm alert*
I smell cover up for some ones greed..
Cover up what? and greed has what to do with it, on what we know?
Sharks had a feast no doubt
Did you find the missile they shot it down with too?
It landed somewhere, such as Diego Garcia. They are now planting evidence and will "find" the wreckage until we are convinced.
RESEARCH: MH370 duplicate at Tel Aviv Airport
narrow it down to one ocean now...
I thought there was some debris found in Perth many months back....
No ..it's some other plane they lost!!!
I'll bet , Over time , Some one Some where will make a movie about MH 370 !
they had plenty of time to plant evidence there
Wing Headlines will be MH17 not MH370 Boeing 777 downed in Ukraine's wing found in Reunion Island, Indian Ocean - Human cattle mocked to the utter limits Fake downed Boeing 777 - FULL STORY explained hours after it was staged Fake missing Boeing 777 - exposed as hoax minutes after it was staged, FULL STORY exposed 5 days later end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
What, if anything, are you trying to say, Matt? The timing o your post indicates that you're an early riser - or, you've been up all night. Maybe a little nappy would help.
Matt, did you just go off your meds again? Christ dude you sound like a complete fool here. Take a breath and for Gods sake think before you hit that reply button.
Pliz accept all my condolences am rely sorry for the families who lost there beloved ones but how is the organization gonna find each seperated debris it seems the plane fallen off from the face of the earth but let us pray to God the All-knower lets be patient it every thing will turn up little by little
There's nothing to see here move along