Is there any way to get jurisdiction over this disappearance completely OUT of the hands of Australia?
This appears to be another distraction. You can wait for an event taking place in Ukraine or the Middle East.
I'm wondering how much oil deposits the team has found so far?
Leviathan, a sea monster, ate the plane and suffered indigestion, thus spitting the wing.
It's as good a theory as any.
Does no one edit these articles for basic grammar mistakes. Ex: has so far search 55,000 Another example: the theory that the plane missing crashed This writer finished Junior High School?
It isn't petty at all. I for one am sick and tired of reading comments with grammatical and spelling mistakes. I train my English language students for Cambridge exams, and if they wrote like half the natives on Yahoo they would fail. The last time I commented on someone's mistakes I was told I must be a bitter spinster, or something like that. No, just a happily-married middle-aged English teacher in a third-world country trying to keep the English language alive and well. Good for you, VeggieF.
This writer finished Junior High School? This is a question?!
But I agree this is becoming common - pronunciation actually, not spelling - people cannot say or hear the final 't' (or even 'ed') on 'searcht' so don't write it.
no offence but you must have an empty shallow life if your bothered that much about a few spelling mistakes - get over it
Spelling and grammar mistakes are ugly. Yahoo is full of them and it really is annoying. What on earth is happening to the English language?
Obviously an Aircraft aerofoil. Also obviously (to me), not from a crashed Airliner floating and battered in the Ocean for a year! Sorry! (Been working on Aircraft for 45 years. Doesn't fit)
Looks like a piece of straight wing aircraft, with rivets that rust. Older NACA airfoil section, too. A Pre-P-51 type foil... From the curvature it looks like the old style fatter leading edge.... Propellor era. I lived near a grass strip for 27 years... Know my older aircraft.
it was a "flaperon " from a big civilian airline.Each model has its own sized Flaperon
The question is, do they want the plane found? The Australians seem to be playing a strange role in this. Let us not forget the false pings diverting the search from where the Chinese first detected them.
So its washed up on beach over 2000 miles from the search site..Prooves they are looking in the right place then and trashes the foolhardy idiots blethering on about Diego Garcia
If they find a cluster of wreckage there, it means the official account at the 7th arch, SW of Australia is about as blathering as the silly stuff about Diego Garcia.
you can see certain type of sea life barnacles growing on the wing. Is it possible to detect which region these are from? just a thought..
I'm just wondering where all the conspiracy theorists are? Perhaps they all disappeared in Diego Garcia....
Can you explain why the Diego Garcia conspiracy should be dead? Now this theory makes even more sense. Hijacked, unloaded, disposed.
If they find a cluster of stuff at Reunion, it means the official search zone is about as whacky as the Diego Garcia theories.
Amidst the 1MBD probe, things like change of cabinet ministers, change of investigation team due to the team being appointed to the ministry, and yesterday night's fire that destroyed some documents in the police HQ; a piece of plane debris suddenly appear is really distracting. Whether this is planted there purposefully for distraction is the question.
Change or stop the search Would they want to lose on something so lucrative, changing a blind man's bluff. Don't joke !!
Sometimes, mother nature got tired of us playing around and help us by providing clues...
Seems like someone just planted the piece there!!! The timing is politically perfect for the finding!!!
Yeah, it doesn't really make much sense does it?! They want to spend all their time down under, instead of the obvious place west of Malaya, where there were sightings etc too... sheer bloody mindedness and waste of time and resources!