Did they ever test the black/Orange box to see if they would actually change frequency that much under that pressure? The piezoelectric crystal that generates the frequency could be affected by that much pressure. In fact the frequency shift could actually provide a measurement of its depth. On the other hand, if pressure and voltage can not change the frequency, then the signals are very suspect and likely did not come from the plane. They should test some boxes in deep water to confirm if this frequency shift is even possible from the 777.
CNN should interview the engineers at the Black/Orange box company to find out if they ever actually measured a frequency change at 3 miles pressure and dropping battery voltage
It is a direct consequence of the Malaysian government's gross incompetence and criminal negligence that has led to the almost hopeless situation of having approximately 24 hours of black box battery life remaining and thousands upon thousands of square miles of ocean floor left to search . On the morning of March 8 , around the time ( 01:30 ) that MH370 switched off it's transponders on purpose and disappeared from the DCA radars , an unidentified aircraft was spotted on the marconi military radars of the royal malaysian air force flying due east across the entire breadth of Malaysia but no attempt to communicate with this unidentified aircraft was ever made by the RMAF , presumably no staff spotted it and it was later revealed by the Malaysian authorities nearly a couple of weeks later on a check back of the radar recordings and after it was independently confirmed by Inmarsat that MH370 did in fact turn back from it's north east direction towards Beijing to south west towards the Southern Indian Ocean . But for some inexplicable reason the Malaysian authorities decided to withold this crucial piece of radar data from the international community with the consequence that the international search and rescue teams wasted a better part of 2 weeks searching the South China Sea instead of the Southern Indian Ocean . It is a revelation indeed that the standard operating procedures of the Royal Malaysian Air Force includes allowing unidentified aircrafts to fly above it's airspace at free will and unchallenged and that certain airports ( Kota Bharu airport which MH370 flew over on it's turn back ) will switch of their radar system at midnight and the DCA staff go home for the night hence the " Goodnight MH370 " transcript .
Obviously if the plane crashed debris would of already washed up some where on a beach . I think some one hijacked that plane took the black box out put it in the ocean to trick everyone like other people are say their going to use the plane for type of attack and their just waitin for the perfect time to do it. i say they should keep searchin for it for 1 more week and if not one thing is found then give it up the search has been going on since march 8 ITS APRIL PEOPLE
Russia says it is in Afghanistan.
Yes, to assume that pressure and time and very cold water would not change the frequency would be stupid. Also, the battery output and lifetime also may be affected by pressure and cold temperatures as well. So, we must demand testing both batteries and crystal frequency generators under 16000 feet sea water at 28 degrees F.
I am by no means unfeeling, but is anyone spending any time, thinking of the whales and other sea-life, that these constant sonar-activities are damaging?
Nope, Its Cold & wet here, winter is approaching. The whales have migrated to warmer waters.
I just can't believe that based on the last verified location of this plane and all of the satellites, radar and tracking equiptment on earth that this plane simply vanished! Even in the tsunamis a freakin Harley Davidson washed ashore didn't it? I mean they havent found one seat cushion, shampoo bottle, piece of aluminum, NUTHIN!! That's some BS!
@ the symboled faceless guy/gal, Aside from the spanky remark I feel you on the vastness of the task. But my point remains that with the currents, the vast amount of personal belongings, items like shoes and seat cushions, food wrappings etc you would think some evidence of the crash would have turned up SOMEPLACE. Its always cute to call names the problem is you instantly expose your self as a prejudiced narrow minded fool looking for vakidation from other fools like yourself. I have to admit I snickered at being called spanky though got any other catchy one liners?
But back to the point symbol person, I was suggesting that the authorities should be able to gather satellite data, photos etc to find the planes approximate course and narrow the search, and I know they have tried, When I say this is some BS, I mean that out of frustration and sympathy for the passengers on the plane and thier families.
If the jet had gone down near where they are searching, the currents would have carried the debris to western Australia. Except for the region near Perth, western Australia is one of the most desolate places on earth. Alternatively, if the debris had gone the other way, toward Africa...all bets are off.
David Copperfield would be proud. I thought only he could make a plane disappear like this.
Wake up world there is no plane in that ocean . If there was something, anything would have floated up somewhere . A seat cushion, , a drink container, a baby's bottle ,an empty fuel tank. It's time the world was told the truth. Where is that plane Dan
There might be the black box to that plane down there but no plane
Well Kenneth... Have someone put a single grain of rice somewhere on a natural grass football field. Then you take a magnifying glass and see how fast you can find it. Please enlighten everyone how a search plane flying several thousand feet up is to spot a seat cushion on a moving surface??? Or a ships crew see a seat cushion further than 3 - 400 feet away from it??? To think they'd see even smaller objects like drink containers or baby bottles is even more ridiculous and shows you have absolutely no idea of the magnitude of barren space they are searching in....
The aircraft was deliberately flown to avoid detection and to misdirect search efforts of this there is no doubt. The purpose the aircraft was taken was accomplished within six to eight hours. We will never find the plane. This is where I venture off...the plane landed at a remote runway built specially for this one purpose. The aircraft either took off or another aircraft took the recorders and dumped them at sea. This whole thing is an elaborate deception. The plane or something on the plane was purposely stolen for reasons unknown...or not told to the public.
I agree with you, Sir. This has to be the only explanation. A gigantic plane just does not disappear! Do you think it will ever be found?
Robin, your assuming that the governments are telling you true facts. I think they shot it down after they realized it was hijacked and are trying to hide that fact as best they can. with a decision like that you can't win, dam if you do and dam if you don't. but if you can do it and keep it a secret, that is the way to go.
I agree, rumor of a gold shipment explains the level of interest by so many countries with such great intensity and investment.
Robin..your theory is certainly possible.I find it very odd that nothing and I mean nothing has shown up in the way of debris.I dont care how long it has been,there would be debris and a lot of it floating around if the plane crashed in the ocean.Sadly,if you are right I wouldnt hold out much hope for the passengers.
That plane is not in the water. To take it to over 45,000 feet then to below 30.000 ft means it was deliberate. Sustained oxygen was good to 41,300 ft for that craft. The masks that drop are good for about 10 minutes after that you will be in trouble. There's way too many missing pieces of the puzzle to say it crashed. The engines running for another 7 hours after the transponder was turned off means a lot too. That plane has very strong engines, one engine is stronger than all four together on the 747!! One engine at idle can suck all the air and oxygen out of Madison Square Garden in under one second!! A sinister thought, can imagine the weight in explosives, a 777 could carry? This was a well planned maneuver.
I was thinking along the same lines as Robin...the black-box was dumped as a diversion to keep folks from continuing to look for the real plane. Is it possible to remove the black-box from the control panels while the plane is in flight? How long would it take? Let's say...hmmm...four hours maybe? Then it's dumped (along with whatever debris is in the cargo hold - which also has the affect of making the plane lighter and more fuel efficient), and the plane veers off on another tangential coordinate to the nearest chunk of land reachable with the remaining amount of fuel. At this point whomever took it has had ample time to either hide it, or send it to a chop-shop to strip out every last bit of tech.
Those boxes cannot be accessed from inside the aircraft. And even if they could, the area of the ocean they are now searching was determined by calculating how far the aircraft could fly before it ran out of fuel. If someone had thrown the black boxes out of the aircraft where they are detecting the pings, the aircraft would have no fuel left to do anything other than crash into the ocean if it had any fuel left at all.
i would not waste my time explaining anything to people who come up with stupid scenerio s FUTTHESHUCKUP@
I like this FUTTHE dude. He casually explains to the brain dead what is so obvious if they took a minute to think about their theory whereas I have difficulty not telling these idiots to pull their head out of their #$%$ and try debunking their theory before they run their mouth about it..
LOL! I can hear the guy from dragnet now..."Stick to the facts, just the facts"
People are not taught to reason or think much these days... Everything is fed in small sound bites from the media these days so its basically a breeding ground for these completely insane 'theories' Common sense should be considered a super power.... few have it anymore...
Looks like American military equipment shows up shot in real action. Time to call in the manned Sea Dragon from China, which can go 7000m, almost twice as deep as the US robot. Sea Dragon can go where no man or robot have gone before. Now copy that!
When Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 was reported as having crashed in the South China Sea, a massive cover up began yet no one will speak of it, nothing is written of it and its broad consequences are a subject of no investigation. While people around the world were told the plane was “lost” or “crashed,” it was being monitored by NORAD (North American Aerospace Defense Command) and its regional defense partners through secret systems installed in the plane.Similarly, Raytheon Corporation was awarded a contract by the Federal Aviation Administration 8 years ago to implement an “Advanced Route Evaluation System” (ARES) to work in concert with the system operated by the Central Intelligence Agency. In addition, the technical staff at Rolls Royce, a fact also reported in the Wall Street Journal, continually monitored the plane’s flight. Hundreds of people knew exactly where the plane was, how every system was working, what had been “turned off” not only when but where and exactly where the plane is now. Every word told the press, has been a lie. There are a number of devices on commercial aircraft embedded in such a way as to prevent disabling while in flight. You will never hear about where they are, what frequencies they broadcast on or how they work. They are there. There are highly classified and they were on Flight 370, being continually monitored by military and security forces tasked specifically with preventing commercial aircraft from being used as weapons.
I feel worse for the families with every day the search brings up nothing. I don't blame them for demanding answers from the Gov't.
I agree with ziggy and wouldn't they have found some trace of debris by now? they keep saying it's a big ocean and yes it is but after they started hearing the so called pings that would narrow it down quite a bit you would think with a plane of that size, carrying over 200 people with all their stuff that something would have surfaced.
Looking for floating debris in the presumed location where they suspect the plane may have entered the ocean is a waste of time after a month. This may work if the location is known soon after the crash. With ocean currents nothing is going to remain in the same location for very long. If there is any floating debris, eventually some boat is going to come across it unexpectedly.
Leida and Reeltime, clicky name and look at my post on this topic, me and some symbol person are going back and forth on this, I think your opinions would add some heat to the discussion. That is if you've got a few minutes to burn.
The problem with looking for debris from the plane, ie seat cushions, luggage, personal items, wrappers etc etc is that they are to small to see. The ships are large and the planes fly at least a couple thousand feet off the oceans surface. These guys might have good eyes but nobody can spot a seat cushion several thousand feet away on a constantly moving surface. It is very much on the line of looking for a grain of rice on a football field with a magnifying glass. This is, btw, in the roaring 40's zone, subject to intense storms and surface conditions. Also consider the plane may not have impacted at any great angle but 'landed' and remained mostly intact and sunk shortly afterwards. Because of currents larger pieces could be hundreds of miles apart because of the depth. @Seven - The harley didn't wash up on shore here in BC. The container it was in did, containers can float, depending on whats in them and how they sit in the water...This one everything shifted towards the doors making that end heavy which left an air pocket at the other, sealed end, that kept it afloat.
COOL REPLY OLIVEYY! Straightened out the facts, logical explaination and not one degrading or predjudicial remark. Now thats a conversationalist. Also I hadnt thought so much about the height these planes are flying to be honest, and considering that unless the plane did disintegrate in the air or on impact the debris would be small in size and quantity that makes a lot on sense that they wouldnt see it. What a shame....hopefully this wont be another Jimmy Hoffa type mystery.
I agree... it would be nice if they find it but given the size of the area and depths its going to be a long haul. And... thats IF it went down near there. All they are going on are a few pings, scanty evidence but its the best they have at present. BTW... Thx for having civil responses yourself. I've seen a few of your other posts and they are civil. To many jump in with insults and name calling should someone post something silly or something they don't agree with. We all learn thru discussions and debate but many don't like that...
I figured the software would level off at the max and continue on a directional rout until it got another echo verily skipping the depth beyond max.
I don't think the plane was hijacked and landed to be used as a weapon because it was tracked by satellite to this general area... I don't think there is any land near here [ not to mention the pings that were detected]. I believe they will find the plane eventually.
Were it not for the sattelite pings they would still be looking off the coast of Vietnam for it. Whoever took it intended to put it somewhere it would never be found. They may well have succeeded.
Why to put this plane where it could not be found? Why?
They'll never find the plane, it disappeared into another unknown dimension.
This is such a joke. It's not a "record depth". AUVs have descended below this depth many times. There are commercially available AUVs with a 6000 m depth rating. All they are doing is diving the Bluefin beyond it's 4500 m depth rating. BFD! If the bluefin was designed according to typical practices, it should have a 20% safety margin, in which case it should be able to dive to 5000 m or more without any issue. This is not news.
heh heh heh - yeah, until you consider the effects of lowest-bidder mentality on the part of contractors and the sorry state of navy/military contracting today.
SUVs have descended below this depth many times. There are commercially available SUVs with a 6000 m depth rating
The Bluefin was designed for a max dive depth of 4500 meters so the 4695 meter dive was a record for that particular device. Sure there are other systems that can dive farther but were they designed for the sort of operation being conducted with the Bluefin? No, they weren't.
@Daryl: they could tie a rock to a 6-mile long rope and drop it to the bottom of the ocean, looking for the plane. It won't be very effective, because the rock has no side-scanning sonar.
@david, you have no idea what you're talking about. There is nothing special about the Bluefin. It's an auv with 4500 m depth rating and it has a typical suite of commercially available sensors enabling it to be used for a range of operations. My point is that there are other commercially available auvs on the market with a 6000 m depth rating and which have similar sensor packages. I won't name names, but just use google and you will find them. Calling this a "world record" is blowing it out of proportion.
@mutsil, unless johnny has a bad sense of humour, I think he meant auvs.
I don't know why people are searching the Indian Ocean for a fake black box dropped off by the US military after it airjack the plan into its military base in Diego Garcia airbase. On board are 3 Chinese fusion experts who have just cracked the code on infinite power through fusion. US is famous for kidnapping foreigners, including other sovereign nations' head of state. Total thugs and immoral are the americans.
52,000 square kilometers = 32 square miles?
What's a zero here or there.
Hey, it's the new math - the guy gets credit for effort, the answers, don't count as much.
I think that 52000 square kilometers = about 20306 square miles. Take the square root of 52000 = about 228 = one side of square.. Since 1.6 km = 1 mile = 228/1.6 = miles per side of square = 142.5 miles. = 142.5*142.5 = 20306.25 square miles. Is this correct? What do you think?
Wow...That guy really knows his digits!
Get a submarine that goes faster/deeper, with sonar that covers a wider area. Get SEVERAL of them in the water covering each area where you heard the pings. You heard the pings several times. You know its around there somewhere. Pull out ALL the stops & retrieve it. God I just don't understand where their minds are at right now. If I didn't know any better, i'd swear we were in 1914 instead of 2014
Slow news day. Come on Putin, do something exciting.
Between Putin and the little Fat guy in North Korea surely Yahoo could come up with better news!!!
Viking, Your pressure calculations are correct. I don't remember ever hearing the pressure specs on a black box, but I would be surprised if it was ever designed to withstand those kinds of pressures. It does bring up the question, "Why isn't a simple solar powered floating locator beacon attached to all aircraft for over water flights?"
Thanks Richard I just signed a patent for your idea.
The airlines don't want to pay for a locator beacon that detaches in a crash and stays on the surface. Such devices were designed years ago and could be deployed now if someone would pay for them.
Someone help me out here, isn't it highly unlikely that an airplane crashes into water and after all this time no debris comes to the surface? The impact of hitting the water, I would think would break something apart on the airplane. I still think the plane landed somewhere and someone is hiding it in a big building and planning to use it in an attack later in the future. Or maybe another country shooting off missiles into the ocean, like wacky north korea and it struck the plane. I think someone knows a lot more than they are saying.
There is definitely floating debris from the impact. but it's been pushed around by ocean currents and no one is even sure if they are looking in the correct million square miles. No conspiracy theories on this one.
I have been asking that for a while.... still no answer....
Lorie...do you have any idea how big the area they are searching is?
It's quite unlikely that they'll be able to find any debris from the plane now, it's been almost 6 weeks since the plane went down. Any debris field gets spread out more and drifts further away from the point of impact every day that passes, and if they haven't been able to locate anything in all this time, despite satellite images and a dozen planes, then chances are very slim for it to happen now.
With all the planes and ships searching, I feel the same that it landed somewhere, who knows maybe in Iran. And these pings are a foil.
H. Marsbell, You know, I tend to think there is as much likelihood that it's landed safely somewhere and that it has not. "Without a Trace" is very suspicious. Yet, I'm not one to jump to conspiracy theories either. But, this whole thing is pretty weird, and terribly sad for the families and the survivors (if there are any).
H. Marsbell, You know, I tend to think there is as much likelihood that it's landed safely somewhere that that it has not. We just don't know much of anything. At the first, we had such unreliable information, and the story kept changing. I am not a person who jumps to conspiracy theories, and that's not what I'm doing now either; but, these people who took over a week to realize they had picked up radar tracking of the plane heading to the Indian Ocean don't inspire a lot of confidence. I keep thinking: ummm... these people can lose a whole plane without a trace, and then they expect us to believe their conclusion that it fell out of the sky without a trace of evidence... No Evidence whatsoever! That's pretty bizarre!
lol north korea's missiles couldn't hit giant supercarrier sitting 30 feet away, let alone a plane in the indian ocean..
STOP THIS SEARCH ALREADY!! Your not going to find that plane. It isn't there. How much more proof do you need? A few days after the disappearance of this flight, the Malaysians were quick to say that it crashed in the Indian Ocean, with absolutely no proof. Why are they still searching for it there? I don't think that it crashed, and is on land, somewhere, that's where the search should now be going, not in the ocean. It's absolutely a disgrace, and the cost keeps going up. Why waste this time when they can be searching isolated air strips which the Govt's all know where they are....they don't want to find the plane, that's why!!!
Thumbs down Raymond, they have to try, they believe with whatever proof they have that the plane is down there,
Strange that no debris has been found. There is a lot that would typically float if the plane broke up on impact. Air France went into the sea about as perfectly as an airliner could, and it still left some good size debris floating. This is a huge area with a lot of currents and wind, perhaps the debris is out there and just hasn't been found.
I heard like 200 million dollars has been dumped into this search... I don't know what that amounts to per person on the plane, but I think they have put in enough effort to make this a cold case or whatever you call it.
Something happened, they de pressurized and died. It flew a random Course and ran out of fuel and crashed. The big question is why did it rapidly depressurize? Hope that they find the people that died for the sake of the families waiting for disposition.
the possibilities of a any number of situations in relations to the plane structure and concerning issue s relating to that type of plane in question,as to reflecting on anything -being possible to resulting in a mid air incident ...has been questioned at the time of this plane disappearance......that we may never know....but i do support what u say where by if any ....we can try and bring some kind of normality to love one s of those missing
Actually, the course wasn't random. The aircraft departed from it's course at a very fortuitous moment - when it was being handed off from Malaysia ATC to Vietnam ATC. This is a time when, if someone wanted to create confusion with ATC and buy some time to get away, they would do it. It's too much of a coincidence that it happened at this moment; it wasn't an accident. After that, the aircraft made a controlled turn to the southwest and climbed to about 39,000 feet for 20 minutes. Pilots have an unlimited supply of oxygen while passengers only have 15 minutes. The aircraft then descended to about 4000 feet as it crossed Malaysia. After that, it ascended again but stayed low to avoid other air traffic, about 14,000 feet. After it cleared the southern tip of Thailand and was out in the Straits of Malacca, it turned north until it cleared the tip of Sumatra. Once it cleared Sumatra, it turned west, and once it cleared Sumatra, it turned south towards the open ocean. These are not random moves; someone had to be flying the plane since an aircraft fly itself like that. It's clear that someone was maneuvering the aircraft to avoid, firstly, Thai, airspace and then Indonesian airspace. Whoever was flying it did not want jets scrambled to investigate, which would have happened if the aircraft had violated the airspace of either Thailand or Indonesia. Apparently, Malaysia was asleep at the wheel. All of these maneuvers have been verified from the radar data of the Malaysian military and the military radar of surrounding countries, at least Thailand and possibly Indonesia.
Those series of plane did have a structual issue......if and when ..those issues were likely to occur......only time would be the answer.....to when ever something happens
When you connect all the dots, whoever was at the controls of this aircraft was flying it with a purpose, from the moment it first left its intended route at least until it headed south over the open ocean west of Sumatra and maybe beyond that. An aircraft can't fly all on its own like without someone controlling it.
Never the less:..all said to be ..and what info stands creditable ..i think i would myself ...like to also,as i have from the begin-following forth with actual personal siting s of a plane at the time of MH370 disappearance not being a coinsidence but actual witnessed siting s what was seen and possibly related to MH370 last been visually seen
A jetliner on autopilot that depressurized would just keep flying straight. It wouldn't turn around. It wouldn't shut down all communications equipment.
See Payne Stewart accident, programmed path was Orlando to Texas, aircraft crashed in South Dakota after it depressed.
kind of funny that the first several weeks of Chinese bravado has vanished. Their abilities in deep water recovery is zero, there Navy at present has only put one foot out in deep Blue Water Oceans. Their ability to replenish at sea and sustain any major operation away form Mainline China is still a few years away. Hopefully Uncle Sam as usual and the ever ready Aussies can find the plane
Why worry about the money? It is our military. They can replace the drone if it crushes. 18 trillion and counting. We still have plenty more available on the American credit card.
@mock..shut up, no one wants to hear you whine. If you parents or kids were on that plane you'd be screaming at the top of your lungs for the search to never end. Give it a rest.
They can't replace it in a couple of days. You can't run done to Sub-R-Us and buy another one so they need to be judicious about the risks they take or they can be left without the primary asset for surveying the bottom with the requisite resolution to find the 777 wreckage.
Just wrap the drone in aluminum foil and it will crush better.
Thanks for the underwater photo or video from the sub...oh wait, there was none provided. How about at least a single sonar scan of the sea bed.
Bb, all you would see would be darkness.
underwater mapping would do it but they dont want the truth coming out that they shot the plane down..im sure their a jet pilot out their somewhere in this world that really knows what happen to that plane..
I don't believe that the Bluefin-21 is equipped with video or photos. Remember it's pitch dark, and the bottom is hundreds or thousands of feet away. It's a side-scanning sonar device. And if it doesn't find anything, it doesn't look like anything, just a bunch of parallel lines.
Morgan,please explain how a plane can be "shot down" and yet fly six more hours before hitting the ocean, which it would do anyway when it runs out of fuel?
It actually has (can be equipped with) a bottom profiler, besides side-scanning sonar and an echosounder.
Free PR and marketing from CNN for the manufacturer of the Bluefin and their lobbyists!
I have not heard much about what China is doing now to find the MH-370. It looks like the are depending on the US to find the plane at great expense on their part.
Give them a break, all their boats are busy harassing Philippine fishing vessels just off the coast of Manila...
Maybe the orange boxes, THAT THE MEDIA CALLS BLACK, were dropped there by hijackers to fool the searchers into thinking the plane went down there. They certainly had plenty of time to do it. My prediction is if they find anything it will be AN ORANGE BOX, and no plane.
Why would they drop them in the general vicinity of where the satellite ping analysis said the plane went down?
This story is getting beyond boring. CNN has gone to absurd lengths to cover this story where nothing is happening. Just report on it when something is found, quit wasting air time on this boondoggle.
Because CNN labeled this topic MINE! and others then dropped it. So CNN hoped to dominate the media with this event... not knowing it will fizz out. Now they have inherited it, and will not want to let go. Business !
They are in the middle of a search in an area that was deduced from flight info and confirmed via detection of pings from the black box. It is quite a technological achievement to get this far in the mystery, so let the search continue as planned.
Australia's option is to stop, regroup and reconsider but Malaysia says the search will continue, just a matter of approach. It's very confusing when two separate individuals are dealing with one issue but going about it in two different directions. One says stop, the other says continue. Make up your minds! Shouldn't Angus Houston be the only authority to decides the next move?
Maybe the aircraft is in the Straits of Malacca where it was shot down. Maybe the black box was harvested from the wreckage and deposited in the Indian ocean to keep us occupied forever. I don't know,sure is a shell game,though.
At some point in the very near future, these governments are going to have to say, "enough is enough" and suspend the search. In over 6 weeks, they haven't found one single thing. There has not been even one coffee cup from that plane located. It has simply vanished. The winds, currents and storms would have driven any wreckage hundreds if not thousands of miles from an ocean crash site by now. Someday, maybe something will surface, will wash up on a remote beach somewhere, or God forbid, the entire plane comes crashing into building or sports venue, filled with explosives. That possibility has not been entirely ruled out by the authorities either and cannot be unless some significant wreckage is recovered.
I know your probably right, but for the sake of those family members I hope they continue, maybe just maybe the very last chance, or move, or try we do will surface an answer as to what happened to the plane and MOST IMPORTANT WHY IT WENT DOWN, EITHER BY FORCE, OR TROUBLE, but these people need to know, it's just awful if we give up.
You are discounting the enormous litigation liability being piled up by legions of lawyers representing each of the hundreds of casualties - a liability that, if government-owned Malaysian Air is found to be guilty, by virtue of one of their pilots going rouge, it could wipe out the airline and put the country in debt. Remind yourself that this is a government-owned, not privately owned, airline and its "conflicts of interest" in "finding the facts" are considerable. Confusing the issues as long as possible and obscuring the facts play in the government's favor - which make their apparent incompetence smack of other motives. It's even been suggested that the black-boxes, should they be recovered, be turned over to the Malayian government. That would be a mistake. You also discounting the economic and political interests in finding the cause - so that the aircraft and airline industries can take steps, if possible, to see that this doesn't happen again, and to put the flying public's mind at ease.
Photoman...I'd just like to know what proof/sources you can state that say government officials haven't ruled out the plane never did crash/dive into the ocean ?
One starts to wonder if the huge investment is worth it.
We live at 15 pounds per square inch at sea level (roughly), that is one atmosphere. Every 33 feet down under sea water is another atmosphere. At 15,403 feet is about 466 atmospheres and the pressure is about 6990 pounds per square inch. At that depth, a styrofoam cup gets squished to smaller than a thimble. You can imagine what happens to a dead human body not to mention an aluminum airplane. These numbers are approximate.
And foam based flotation devices such as seat cushions are squashed flat so that they no longer float.
Yes I agree Viking, BUT , something has to Surface & Float up (there has to be something lighter than water) to make it to the top if the aluminum body broke up under pressure.
Um, unless the item is air filled, it will NOT be crushed under the pressure. This is why the Bluefin can only go down so far...the hull of that plane is water filled, along with any bodies still in the plane.
@D, and Mike for that matter. I can't cover everything a troll will argue about. Things that can be 'squished' will get squished, things that can't won't. Duh!
Viking . Your explanation of what happens to a human body at depth by comparing it to a styrofoam cup is totally incorrect . Styrofoam is a collection of small gas bubbles seperated by weak plastic memprane , and the cavities are vaery easily crushed . The body is ninety odd percent water which is essentially incompressible . The only crushing that would happen is if small pockets of air remain in the lungs and sinus cavities . That small degree of crushing would be visually undetectable . The fuselage would certainly rupture on impact with the water allowing water to enter , therefor equalising pressure as it sinks . Again , no crushing . Sorry to spoil your gruesome head shrinking vision. All just in the interests of accuracy and truth.
Viking, i merely stated that for anything at these depths to be crushed, they have to be air based. If that makes me a troll, then so be it.
Viking you are busted. Water is an incompressible fluid. Humans are mostly water. Others have pointed out the mistakes you made.
And anything that is less dense than water, will float to the surface, regardless of the water pressure. The only way it could stay down is if its density changed or it was attached to something less boyant than the sea.
how can fish and other creatures survive? i have to call BS on you dude...
-sloppy_f - - those creatures are like 100% solid tissue (denser than H2O)... they live there. BUT... as you say, if YOU, sloppy_fart, are there and squeek one out ... it would surface the size of a HOUSE :) Whalllaaaa - BERMUDA TRIANGLE !
Sad to think about but remember Air France, though the water was much shallower. Hopefully one day subs will be built with some type of anti-crush technology btw.
@D, @John, @Wallo_nitwit, @George and finally @Sloppy_farts. This is more for sloppy_farts because with a name like that he is justified in saying inane things. Nobody mentioned "osmotic" cell pressure. One reason fish come up from great depths (too fast) when fishing with eyes bugging out and their swim bladders poking out their mouths, much like sloppy_farts looks in the morning! That's why they can live at depth Sloppy! When a living thing (plant or animal) dies, the cells break down and lose their osmotic cell pressure. That's why flowers wilt Sloppy! I know you all just read this stuff to learn things, then get embarrassed and say stupid stuff on the internet! It's mostly funny, not. Bring on the Trolls!
What will the crazy conspiracy trolls do when they find the plane?
Ummmm, they'll just get even crazier I think.
Hopefully these nuts will kill themselves, or at least take themselves out of the gene pool...
they will come up with something more out there or down there
Say the evidence is "obviously" manufactured to hide the "Truth".
Say it is all a lie or fabrication. It is what they due well.
They'll claim it isn't the same 777.
Obviously the search in the Indian Ocean is not turning any results. The consensus is the plane veered from its northern direction towards a southwestern direction and crashed in the ocean. As no debris or black box have turned out so far in the ocean, it is time to think outside the box. The plane might had a southeastern direction not southwestern and crashed on Australian land, possibly on Hamersley Range, Great Sandy Desert or Gibson Desert. Evidently Australia has vast borders but does not have a sophisticated radar system, that is why the plane was not detected. Australia does not really need a sophisticated radar system right now; the British do not need a penal colony, Japan had its eyes on Australia but learned a hard lesson in WWII and China might like to acquire it but in due time.
They detected pings from the plane in the ocean.
And exactly how would the plane have gotten there when its fuel was long gone ? Passengers got out an pushed it forward ?
They are searching in the area where the pings were received.
Oh god... It's like an episode of LOST!
@yahooman China will acquire Australia by Stealth. 70 to 80 % of all Property auctions. are scooped up by Chinese or Asians. We cannot compete with their Cash Flow.
Enough already. This has become a waste of resources. The plane is gone and all the people are dead. Even if you find the plane laying at the bottom of the ocean do we even have the ability to raise the aircraft even if it remained in one large structure? You can't see down divers. Sending down bathyspheres only risks the crews of those submersibles.
my only answer to you is:........if to what ever situation arise s in front of us......we will try .....we will find a way to challenge those decisions when that time comes....Hey ..if we can walk on the moon......we can walk on the ocean floor
@beep beep -- believe me I am as compassionate as anyone and I can certainly appreciate your statement. It just isn't facing reality. How long would you propose searching? A year? Two years? When is it time to quit in your mind?
Why do the officials of this search not have the right submersible on the job, which is capable of diving 16000 feet deep? Side scanning radar does not work well through silt and muck, when it is done from 1000 feet above the bottom. Everybody knows this! The scientists and officials of this search already had access to this knowledge, but still are using the wrong submersible. They should be executed for their failure to do their jobs properly.
They are merely playing for time until they figure out a plausible lie as to how and why 239 people were deliberately murdered. The alternative media has been reporting for weeks that the most likely cause for the disappearance of flight 370 is that it was hijacked by remote control. The technology to accomplish this has been publicly known for at least 15 years and has been in existence for longer than that. Doing a Google search for "Uninterruptible Autopilot System" will bring up numerous articles explaining how an airliner can be remotely controlled. Specifically, there is a YouTube video entitled "3-17-2014 Voice of Russia Interview with Field McConnell" wherein a retired USAF and Northwest Airlines pilot explains how the technology works. Ironically, the system was developed to help prevent hijackers from taking control of an aircraft, and CNN has actually discussed this technology in that regard, although not in regard to the obvious implication of being able to use the system to hijack and aircraft in the first place. I would urge interested people to do the above Google search, as well as listen to the YouTube interview of the retired pilot. In my opinion, the primary motive for the hijacking was simply to divert the world's attention away from events in the Ukraine (and possibly Syria as well). Since the perpetrators are known for their proclivity of killing at least two birds with one stone (ie, 9/11), there may have been secondary motives as well, such as using the aircraft in a false flag attack to be blamed on Iran, embarrassing Malaysia (which has been hostile to the New World Order and US version of the events of 9/11), or perhaps something having to do with the 20 Freescale Semiconductor employees on board. For whatever reason, a secondary motive has not been acted upon - at least not yet, it could still happen. What is currently happening in the southern Indian Ocean is in all likelihood nothing more than a charade, meant to buy time to either decide on a plausible excuse for this entire episode, and/or perhaps to actually create a false crash site elsewhere. The Indian Ocean is big and relatively devoid of shipping lanes, unlike other major bodies of water. In fact, one might be hard pressed to find a more remote area than the one being focused upon at this time. They can draw this out for as long as they want/need.
But if the plane is outfitted with a tinfoil hat, no override is possible from the ground. I read it on the intarwebs and watched a Utube video that said so, so it *must* be true. :)
Wow, that's quite an involved theory. I still think aliens snatched the plane and will be returning it to earth in 40 years. Or maybe they sent it back in time to stop the Pearl Harbor attack?..Wait, the JFK assassination...No, definitely the pearl harbor attack... BTW, I love the term "alternative media" it's such a great euphemism for crackpot newsletter...
That "uninterruptible autopilot" was *patented* by Boeing in 2006 in a brainstorming exercise for how to deal with hijackings. It was never added to any production aircraft because of the risk of the exact scenario you are now outlining. Even if it were, it's just on an independent electrical bus, but it's not magical. Terrorists would not be able to override it (unless extremely well-briefed) but someone familiar with the mechanical parts of a plane could kill it with a pair of wire cutters. I agree with Maurice... "alternative media" = no pesky fact-checking and lots of lunatic theory-crafting.
Well - were those 20 "Freescale Semiconductor" employees on board for sure? And were they software engineers specializing in some Electronic Warfare ? Then, THEY may have something to do with jamming communications of that flight, including the Co-pilot's attempt to turn on his cellphone. IF- the plane turned Left and came back westward... then SOMEHOW was going south to the Idian Ocean... That is weird. These Freescale guys had something to do with this flight. Why would 20 go on the SAME flight? If they were key members of such company, they would have split their flights... Something is fishy...
Russia blew a 747 airliner out of the sky many years ago because it strayed into their airspace and they didn't bother to find out why it was there. So it doesn't take much if a country is sufficiently paranoid.
it was Korea Air flight 007 google it
It was flight 007.....memorable flight number...unnecessary tragedy.
In this case, the plane strayed over the sunken continent of Mu and the advanced civilization that wants to stay hidden.
I still think Mayalsia accidentally blew it up when it made its U turn back towards land and is sending the world on a wild goose chase trying to buy time so they could cover it up.
Yes but ... it flew over a secret military base, after its pilots entered the wrong coding. If a Soviet plane flew over NORAD, what do you think we would do? Smile and wave?
Soviet Bear Bombers "strayed" over our territory regularly testing our readiness. We always sent fighters up to "escort" them back out of our air space.
I really don't think the plane is down there. I don't think we've seen the last of it either.
So now we believe what you have told us, that you don´t think. So what?
Just come home and forget it before someone else gets hurt or killed chasing a wild goose. Capt. committed suicide like a coward and took everyone with them.
This was the most creative suicides in the history of mankind. The pilot was Very Smart.
Nobody actually thinks this plane and passengers were real, they know now that if was all fake and that this story is just one in the line of thousands of such stories that shows there is no evidence of a plane existing today or the day before the mystery flight, almost everybody knows the passengers never existed and that the supposed families are fake, few in numbers and that their crying and consoling and hysteria are photo set ups by actors and actresses.
You're a moron and should be ashamed for insulting the memory and suffering of all those families who lost loved ones. Right, all those countries are just spending millions and millions for a search and rescue operation that does not exist. The only credible part of questioning what took place is that the plane indeed isn't where they all say it is and flew in a different direction and landed probably due to some unknown cargo that was of interest to certain third parties.
Ask the surviving family members, you idiot!
Martha G, there are no families because there were no passengers because there was no plane, evidence to the contrary, ??? none exists.
Nobody thinks your brain exists Jeff. Thanks for proving it!
Well, whatever actually happened, the world is DEFINITELY not getting the truth.
was never really born and best part of him ran down mums leg after coitus
He's just a troll guys. If the plane never existed, the military would not be involved. I feel heart broken for the family members. Not knowing or having closure is a very horrid feeling. I know, I've been there. My brother went M.I.A over seas in Poland in the Baltic Sea off a Naval Ship at the young age of 24. 26 naval ships and other fishing vessels trying to find him for over 24 hours to no avail. It was the worse feeling ever not knowing, only guessing. I was fortunate though in the end I guess. A fishing vessel found his body 9 months later when they brought up a load of fish. (Which they made my government pay for because they could no longer use that load) That part disgusted me. I really hope they find these people or at the very least, the plane.
Strawberry, the military involved or not is not evidence of there being a plane or passengers or not, that is just an assumption, not proof or evidence of anything. The military can being what it is doing for a thousand reason reasons nothing has to be for finding a plane for which there is any evidence it ever existed.
Our tax dollars at work. The Navy's not paying for this non-working technology, WE are. Swell, just swell.
Bluefin is basically an oceanographic research tool. It's a rounding error in the Navy's operating budget. Side-scan sonar of the sea floor is often done as a research exercise, just to see what's down there. You could run that sub for a month on the cost of one Poseidon flight (which is still small change next to normal fleet operations). Even the Australian surface support ship is no more expensive to run than a single frigate.
We keep spending millions on a mythical crash. Has any country dishing out all this money even thought of looking somewhere on land? I still believe this plane landed with all the engineers being put to work for the Malaysian government.
Why should we risk the life of our expensive sea drone when 99% of these people are Chinese? China packed up and left weeks ago after exposing their incompetency to the world.
China woukd like more of their citizens to go missing, they have too many!
good point Dale. I didn't think of that.
Never going to find it, please forward to all interested.
WELL MY THOUGHTS ABOUT THIS PLANE ARE THEY HAVEN'T, CAN'T OR WON'T FIND NOT 1 PIECE OF DEBRIS BECAUSE IT DIDN'T CRASH IN THE OCEAN. IT WAS OBVIOUSLY ABUDUCTED AND TAKEN OUT OF THE SKY BY ALIENS IN A SPACESHIP!!!
Wonderful, now when the hell are we (including the Australians) going to stop wasting money on this?
If your loved one was on that plane wouldn't you want them found for closure?
Give me a break, the US has robotic craft that can go to greater depths than they are saying. I am so sick of the US and the rest of the countries being so afraid of disclosing their "top secret' abilities that they are not doing everything in what could have been a search/rescue. The other countries already know their "top secret" abilities, the only ones in the dark are the tax payers that fund they "top secret" craft.
The plane isn't down there bertha. Viewed from that perspective it all makes sense.
You might be right considering all the "mixed message" other countries were given about satellite/radar data.
If you are sick of the US, get the hell out
And what robotic company do you work for. Assuming you do work for one with all your commet's about knowing how far down they can go. I think you should back to your other job of pole dancing
Bertha. You're diving into conspiracy fantasy . There is no strategic , military purpose in secret craft that can go to such depths . The fifth generation ALVIN can go to about 15,000 ft. which covers most abbysal depths . around the world , apart from a couple of deep cracks such as Marianas trench and Cayman trench. Alvin is not designed for wide area side scan sonar search, and is only useful for 'pin point ' scientific observation . The only vehical designed for those trench depths was ' Triest' many years ago . The blue fin is exclusively designed for 'wide area' side scan search. and detection .
Talk to someone currently in the Navy and you will be surprised at what they do have. How can you people NOT question what little information the government gives us?
John - I told you before stay off my posts I do NOT appreciate you or your comments.
Bertha No I don't think you did tell me before. But now I know and I'm so sorry . So so so very sorry.. I didn't know that access to these threads were dependent on your appreciation . But now I know , what can I say . I'm soooo sorry . What would you like me to comment
Wow - Bertha - You are a bitter pill... this is the first Threat where one tells another not to talk... Welcome to Free Speech :) That is why we come to the US. It is Still better here then There. "Ha egy kicsit okossab lennél, akkor nem gavarityolnál olyan bután. " Welcome to the US.
Read some of John's other comments on my posts and you will see why I politely asked him to stay off my posts. If, he chooses not to fine, but I do NOT have to like his character or his comments.
As the #$%$ say ALL Johns are the same.
Knowing that you are still stalking my posts is really creeping me out I guess it is time for Bertha Fay to die.
Comm, alias Bertha . Yes go ahead . you can run but you cannot hide . We will seek you out wherever you crawl. Many creepings be upon you .
Pingers are for locating boxes in a wreckage -not for locating the wreckage. Nobody ever said that. Northest flight 2501 has never been found -even 60 years latter.
At what point in time are they going to admit the plane isn't there?! From the moment it went missing, there hasn't been a single credible lead as to its location. The pings could be any manner of sea life or the echo of the equipment being used in the search. My theory remains the plane was hijacked and safely landed in a remote desert. Once the rescue mission is halted, a radical group will take credit and begin making demands, and the families of the missing will urge cooperation while begging those in charge to step down due to incompetency.
Nope it's computer was hacked and flown like a drone! If they find anything it will be a or the black box,everything is hackable!
At what point are commenters on Yahoo going to admit they don't know more than the NTSB, the AAIB, the BEA, Inmarsat, Boeing, Rolls Royce, and all the other agencies, companies, and 14 nations involved in this search and that they've never investigated an aircraft accident in their lives?
That's a good first step, Patrica. It's better than thinking you know everything and then passing judgement on those who know more than you do. If there's something someone wants to find out, they use their brains and learn about it, but they have to first admit they don't know rather than assuming they do. When someone makes the statement that there are no credible leads to it's location, it proves they have failed to take that first step. If they had and tried to find out, they would know that there are credible leads to the location of this aircraft; not its EXACT location, but its general location. If someone had bothered to research that, they would know that radar data from surrounding countries showed that this aircraft was last seen on radar heading south, west of Sumatra and that the ACARS pinging satellites showed about how far it went in that direction. They would also have found out that there are no deserts in that direction except in Australia and that the aircraft did not have enough fuel to make it that far. And even if it had, the Aussies would have been all over it.
Some people are going to feel really, really, really stupid when they find this plane in the ocean
Amazingly not ONE piece of floating debris has been found of this massive airliner.. Possibly the fuselage did not break up and is still completely intact, no wing or tail assembly sections broke free, no inner wing urethane strength foaming or countless other buoyant articles that readily float, like on the Atlantic Air France jet that crashed and a debris field slowly floated to the surface. Only 4 black box ghost pings were detected, then all went silent, that is amazing. OR, possibly because it is not in the ocean at all. No clues, No trace. This will rival the morbid & gruesome Titanic public fascination & mystery that has lasted for over a hundred years now.... God only knows how many Hollywood movies and History channel ghouls will be making a living for years to come off this tragedy. Meanwhile the families have to listen and watch all these circus presentations by so-called news media Bull Z)(it P T Barnum talking head shows like C N N suggesting black holes and space alien abductions what heartless even cruel Bull Z)(it. My heart goes out to these family members.
the u.k,u.s.,and france are involved,thats why malaysia is out in the bleachers
No sea life emits pings at 33 kHz at 1 second intervals. And it isn't the echo of equipment being used in the search, as the equipment used in the search does not issue pings.
@Jen, at this point, i rather rely on technology...than your imaginations.
Debris will eventually wash ashore somewhere, even if most of it sinks.
stop squandering hard-earned American taxpayer money on this stupid search for dead Chinese!
So, what exactly is an "underwater drone"? It looks strikingly similar to an unmanned submarine.
must have been made in China.
eagle 2 think of the pressure on blue fin....that thing was almost 3 miles down. sure hope it holds together long enough to get results.
i'm thinking about 6600 lbs. per square inch.
Sooner or later they need to admit that it didn't crash.
I wonder when that point will be when they say "We're not going to find this airplane, the investigation is concluded"?
Amelia Earhart disappeared in 1937 and people are still searching for her plane. I doubt investigators will ever simply walk away from this current mystery.
And what will we do when we find a plane that is to deep to pull up out of the ocean?
See if the precious Cargo of Mangosteens are still edible ? But, it still Puzzles me why a British Nuclear Submarine cam on a sight see tour from a long way !!!!!
NSA drone is more effective, will find your tooth decay.
As the "searchers" continue to #$%$ up a rope", CNN has been put on medication due to the nervous brakdown of Wolf Blitzer!
The US Navy does not own the Blue Fin 21, they are leasing it.
Dragon Dawn, I DO hope, you do not reside in this country, that you seem to dislike so much!
This mystery have to be unravel,else it will live to hunt humanity FOREVER.A plane just dissappear like that with 239 people on board ! Think about it .
Its an AUV. IT IS NOT A DRONE! Enough with the effing drone headlines everyday!
This sounds like a front for deep water exploration. Sure a plane "went down" but it sounds like there is something down there that someone wants to get ahold of, and doing so would raise questions/concerns.
Wrong Ocean to start with . Once Malaysia realized they had a 911 headed to the twin Towers in KL ( The Financial Center of Asia ) . they scrambled the F16's
Don't ruin the deep water drone on a wild goose chase.
AIR Marshal...he's an airforce guy! they don't just call them generals, like in USAF..it's British ranks.
Crabby wants to know who is paying for this? I don't care if they ever find the plane (IK mean)
If all of the humans here on earth are willing to take a blast of xray like I am we can scan earth for the plane
Disney should do an animated movie about the little drone that could
How has not a single piece of that plan been found. Fishing boats, shipping freighters and obviously the search effort. So many parts of that plane are buoyant, it just dose not make any sense.
Two reasons: 1) The ocean is massive 2) Ocean currents
there s 5.6 earthquake tremors in that ocean and around the search area every hour..also
Do not believe their bull we can work in a lot deeper water than the sub is in now.
It is not even around there. Look on the other side of malaysia where it made a u turn.
What happens if they find nothing?
The UFO story will be the next.
What a brave little drone. Bob Ballard wouldve found it already..Doesnt anyone have his number?
They look here...they look there...the can not find it anywhere! The plane is NOT there!
Xenu took the plane to his home planet, Tom Cruise knows where the plane is.
everyone knows Xenu loved the DC-3 Constellation..
Stacie: Xenu must be very confused if he#$%$ loved a hybrid between two different aircraft.
Let the tin-foil hat crowd plumb the depths. Give them a flashlight and tell them we're trying to set the world's record for free diving in the ocean. Attach lead weights twice your body weight, hang on to the drop line, and 14k feet later you've set the world record.
Is this still in the news?
I guess the drone made the decision on its own to go below the safety point and to risk its own destruction....no humans involved......so the next decision the drone makes will be to attack Americans ......oh wait
Why don't the governments quite playing this game and come clean to what really happened to the plane and it's passengers and crew.....
Look folks they haven't found a GOD DAMNED THING ,,,,,There is NO PROOF THIS AIRCRAFT IS ANYWHER NEAR WHERE THEY ARE LOOKING ,,,,,,, Get It !
Exactly what I said they would say in the last article about this plane..."oh it's too deep but we know it's down there guys!"
All of this is important, but how are they working the 'gay' angle on this? Can't they work gays and gay rights into this story? That's what it should be all about.
Why aren't the Chinese helping more?
They don't have submersibles that are as capable at those depths (although it would not surprise me if they were frantically building some). It's a tough place to work.
Can you end this story? I have a headline for you.... They will never find the plane or the black box! Case closed.
Maybe we should send you out in an aircraft and let it crash. We'll look for you but maybe after a day, we'll quit. Case closed!
Typical "alternative" media: write the story before the facts come in.
Coming soon: "We tried, but it's just too deep, but the plane is down there for sure. Trust us."
Do you just roll your forehead across the keyboard in hopes that something poignant winds up typed? Go back to Facebook
At what point can millions of $$ stop being wasted and the search called off???
Ever hear someone say "look how far we've come in the last 40 years" or "technology has changed the world" or "Big Brother is watching". If this is all true, how could a FLIPPING 777 drop from the sky with NO ONE having a clue where the hell it is. This "new technology" is way overrated. As I recall, some commercial airliners went down in the 70"s and guess what......., THEY WERE ALL FOUND.
Those planes were found along the flight path they were currently on, how do you NOT understand that yet after all this time?
You just made my point. They have no idea where it is.How do you know the plane deviated from its path?Think before you type.
Do you just roll your forehead across the keyboard in hopes that something poignant winds up typed? Go back to Facebook...they have the rolls Royce engine data that is beyond your pay grade...that's proof
Still wasting money I see. I hear tell that they're considering wasting it on this senseless project for years and years to come. In the end they'll have learned only one thing... what a senseless waste of money the search was.
Has anyone considered the "Lost Horizon" scenario? Makes about as much sense as any other conspirancy theories we've heard so far! Let's hope "shangrila" is as advertised! just plain bill
They will never find the plane....
question:.......why do you think they are there...not some where else........what is in that particular area that deems so important to them........who put them in that particular area -for starters.......other then being else where chasing shadows in a area impossible to even search......this should keep u busy...while we continues our search.....
all in all ...we will keep search....be it take a life time
all in all ...we will keep searching ....be it take a life time
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former." - Albert Einstein (1879-1955) ... and, oh boy, there is lots of the latter by evidence of the things written here ... :-(
this just in, media hyped up this mission that bluefin told them it would take 2 months + and everyone wants results in a day! this article is almost as bad as cnn! get real media. report on facts, now you just sound pathetic.
They will find the pong next!
This story is over, why are they spending millions to find out what they already know. They are all dead. Move on...
The point is, we need to know WHY they are dead
@Widget ,,,Quite frankly there is no proof the aircraft is anywhere near where they say it is ,,,,
is there any hope at all? I mean how large is the ocean that the strongest nation in the world cannot handle?
This drone is made of metal and cannot be damaged by depth!!! Only rust!!
Tune into CNN....they have 3rd string reporters in San Diego Bay explaining all the technical nuances.
there is something wrong with this story..a cover up
** this is the joke of our world bcoz we believe in the lies of DEVIL-AMERICA** 1. When devil-america bomb the world trade center they blamed it on terrorism,,actually they were the terrorist who did it. 2. Later on they showed us that Bin laded was the terrorist who bomb world trade, what they did was hide bin laden in pakistan...they were giving us the updates on terrorism at the same time they were the once doing it.. 3. later on when some people will not believed bin laden bomb the world trade center,,devil-america who hide bin laden in pakistan,,ask a specially unit to kill bin laden....then after 1 month those killers were also killed.... **NOW IN MH 370,,,what can we do,,the one who bomb the plane have better technology than any country in the world,,they could even cover up detections....the world should find out more what are this secret technology again of devil-america.....and just like the 9-11,,now this america with the help of their ally australia is the one looking for MH 370......AND MAYBE WE COULD NEVER FIND MH 370 CAUSE DEVIL-AMERICA MADE IT LIKE A POWDERED MILK,,SINCE THEIR 9-11 EVIDENCE WERE A HEADACHE SO NATURALLY,,THEY WOULD LIKE TO IRRADICATE ALL EVIDENCE IF POSSIBLE...
--hi ZR-1,,,yes thats exactly how america looks at the world...if you are not brainwashed to democratic hypocracy devil-america will look at you like garbase and that you need to die.......STOP YOUR LIES DEVIL-AMERICA YOU ARE THE REAL GARBAGE BCOZ YOU DON'T RESPECT OUR CREATOR THATS WHY YOU CAN JUST KILL ANYONE YOU WANT,,AND ANYONE WHO WILL NOT BOW DOWN TO YOUR DEMOCRATIC HYPOCRACY...
Nothing crashed, chasing ghosts. Every cell phone on that plane has a GPS tracker, start asking questions that matter.
Every phone was not within range of a cell tower
Yesterday Yahoo reported the plain was hijacked and on land someplace, a week ago they reported the ping detected was almost certainly the plain black box a month ago they reported the same???? Good reporting Yahoo..
No they're not gonna find anything? Why? Because media is still hot on their every move.....they will "plant" the black box later when news choppers and ships are not following them. Because the plane is never under the water
Hey... give it up and quit wasting money!
And if your love one was on the plane
obviously the pilot is a Muslim, I mean terrorist.
time to start getting on some camels and start searching in PAK-EEE-STAN(as obumbles would call it)!
China and USA know where plane is..... this is just a BS smoke screen.....you really think the pilot just went off course for 4000 miles and crashed into the deepest most remote part of the Indian Ocean? You really think that the plane was not tracked by radar for hours? Somebody has it or it was shotdown....
it's funny all the money being wasted on this nonsense... THEY ARE ALL DEAD!
The NSA should have put the entire ocean under surveillance, then problem solved.
They already have the whole ocean under surveillance. The plane is not in the ocean.
Give up, already! The plane will never be found.
If they don't find the wreckage undersea, it will be interesting to hear someone explain what those pings were that they heard. Experts are saying at that frequency, 37.5khz, they only have a range of a few miles.
They were swooped up for either the mars or moon colonies.
Forget about it, they will never find anything. I think the Malaysia is hiding something.
The pilot knew exactly what he was doing when he took the plane into the middle of the Indian Ocean. Unfortunately, the plane will never be found.
there were 238 other people on that plane......beside the pilot......and they i guess i n your eye s were squeaky clean......
what makes u think we believe your assertion s are based anything around any notion of basic use of common sense
It's common sense to anyone following the story. Unless of course you have been living under a rock.
my kid can crawl faster than that 1700 lb thing can sink? 2 hours to DROP 4km? plus not 1 plane in the air over the search area according to plane finder which is real time image of ALL aircraft in the air across the globe and I have been watching it for about 19 hours now. They are only doing token searches to quell the angst of the families. The elt's, 4 of them and not 1 activated? no debris? the plane didn't crash....it is on the ground hidden somewhere.
It depends on how the aircraft crashes. 2 ELT's are activated by rapid deceleration, and 2 are activated by hard impact. If there was no rapid deceleration or hard impact, they would not have been activated until the plane sunk. After it sinks, the ELT's are useless because without an antenna floating on the surface, their signals will not reach the satellites.
THA 484 is flying over the search area now head for malaysia
SIA 213 flying over the search zone now to Perth
there s a plane every where out there......
If they haven't found it by now then they never will. Say a prayer for all those departed souls and take steps to ensure it doesn't happen again by upgrading flight monitoring systems.
don't be to sure.......but i will stand with you on everything else you re acknowledged
Was that supposed to be funny?
This is a blind diving. They have no authentic clue about where is the plane, but insisting a dive. If the plane really crashed into this ocean, at least they can find some floating stuff.
i think the goverment blew the plane up because after sept 11 the rules for terrorists and planes is to blow them out of the sky so its pretty obvious what happen unless your stupid and believe what the news says ,,but they knew that plane was a threat not like they werent watching it..they shoot it down and their coverin their #$%$ to make it look like the plane was crashed.. but the truth why there nothing left because they shot it out of the sky
And ole' morg was right there when it happened. BRRRHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA...
Don't worry It's not Malaysia air force cos the radar man was sleeping and they used recorded info to see the turn around so they couldn't have shot it down, Hmmmm who can it be
its a government cover up they don't want to find this plane and are making up every excuse why they cannot... they do not want the world to know that this plane is somewhere else
and your not making a hell of a lot of excuse s...right here and now ...to what you are proclaiming
Using taxpayers' money to 'search' for the plane when the plane went somewhere else keeps the searchers employed, doesn't it.
Not even debris on shore or a cell phone signal from an obscure are of the world? They can read the fine print of a newspaper from space but not find the fine pieces of an aircraft? Not even thermal imaging? Weird
on Friday, the Perth-based Joint Agency Coordination Centre said that up to 11 military aircraft and 12 ships would join in the search across 52,000 square km (32 square miles) of ocean. Marciniak said U.S. patrol aircraft "continue to support the search effort". But........I been monitoring flight locator for that shows in real time all planes in the sky and not 1 plane has been in that search area for at least 11 hours that I have been watching it. Seen many planes flying out of Perth heading north but keep flying on their destination route while not 1 is in the search zone. CNN reported that 1 took off for the search area about 6 hours before this post and another was leaving at the time of this post. Said many planes are still there. but not 1 is showing up......
And the false flag continues, to the satifaction of the masses, similiar plane spotted in isreal for a #$%$ then pc's shall be found with no bodies and luggage. Israel is the rothschilds family playground.
It is hard to believe that we can scan the surface of mars moon far away from earth. but how limited technology is on earth. That shows how important is to have high military technology but nothing for day to day life on earth
The cargo manifest has never been released. Likely, MH370 was carrying something like nuclear missiles, and it was intercepted.
Yeah, because that Malaysian nuclear arsenal is huge. And because nuclear warheads are often flown around on commercial passenger flights. Sure. Makes perfect sense.
This is a joke folks, don't waste two seconds listening to this story, it is so obviously falsified, for what purpose exactly I don't know. After all the 1001 different theories, what are the odds that this plane just happened to crash in "the most remote part of the Indian Ocean" under 3 miles of water????? Gives them an excuse to continue the "search" and the "story" indefinitely. Total bulls*************!!!!!!!!
p.s. actually I know where the plane is .... it crashed in the exact same spot where they "dumped" Osama in the ocean .....
Why do I see a movie about this in the future. I wonder what Tom Hanks is doing next year.
what role can he play? a castaway ? they were almost all gomers...maybe get Daniel Day Kim to play another surly Korean.
Ocean there is reaching 4800 meter at some places but Blue-fin can only stretch to 4700 meter. This situation may require some deeper diving submarine to complete this search.
Planes should be equipped with an emergency deploy Buoys,that automatically release if they are sunk in the ocean ,But guess thats easier said then done
I'm with Robin.My first comment was Aliens.Realisticly,a runway capable and parking securred and hidden.Pings are either BS or sent by the Master Planner that can mislead search operations.It all stinks.With todays capabilitys some high end satelite couldn't track this off-course plane.Information is very secrative and not too many western countrys seem too concerned
52000 square km should be 20000 square miles.
Dear all friend all Help dear friend
It is deep down at a place , in the abyss, where , even a nuclear submarine dare not venture. 40 days , time to face reality....there's nothing biological left of it, maybe just remnants metal parts , try the shoreline....hopefully some parts might turn up... Amelia Earhart & aircraft........almost 80 years ago...still nothing...
The Bluefin 21 has a safety mechanism that sends it to the surface when it exceeds a depth of 14,763 feet and on Friday the U.S. Navy said the Bluefin 21 had reached a depth of 15403 feet,,,,,,oh,,,,ok
David it's the program setting parameters for the sub
Now why did they not put this technology(safety mechanism) into the Frame/body of airplanes? If the plane sinks in water 600- 1000meters, air bags will inflate or H2O is converted to oxygen and is released into the cargo hold to make it Float !!
They are wasting a lot of time, effort and money. If the black box is where they think it is, it is more than three miles down and they aren't going to get it.
Heyyyyy.... maybe they should try looking for that Korean ship that just sank. Heyyyy... maybe they will find a ping over there and then they could drag out their buuulllls%%t news even more.
they aint gona find jack sheet..thats the way allah planed it