They are still guessing in my opinion. It's like, "oh ya, we checked the current direction and sure enuf, that's where it should be". Um, why didn't you check this sooner? It's like, we knew that! Nobody wants to simply say they were clueless and searching in the wrong area. Why weren't shorelines checked sooner? They are easier to check than the bottom of the ocean. Even when they do get a piece that's more than likely part of mh370, ppl drag their feet. It's like they don't want it to be true. It would be proving all their assumptions as to where the flt went were incorrect. The ehos are huge in this inspection.
Will be found, but will never know why. Whether it be the current search team that finds MH370, or another team in the years to come, this aircraft will be found. Funding for the search remains the biggest obstacle, but even years from now, either TV documentaries or Richard Ballard, or the search for oil will eventually tip the scale to the discovery. But finding this B777 will never answer why this happened. I'll explain something that has not yet been discussed. Two minutes after last radio contact, whoever turned off the transponders and disabled the ACARS reporting system also would have pulled the circuit breakers for both the cockpit voice recorders and the digital flight data recorder. We are certain the transponders powered down. We are certain the ACARS stopped reporting. These things were done to hide, confuse and purposely distract search efforts to look just south of VIetnam, when in fact the aircraft turned and flew south for nearly 7 hours. So when the aircraft is found and they recover the "black boxes", those boxes will provide no new data. They simply would show what we already know, right up to two minutes after the last radio contact. Who ever did this wanted this to be a mystery for the ages....to never be found and pull off the magic trick of the millennia and therefore becoming immortal in the process. Such a shame that hundreds of innocent people had to die for the sick amusement of someone wanting this result.
pros and cons cannot be found, its just a part replacement from some other 777 but belonging to the flaperon , being swapped, i have ten aeroplanes just lets say just an example one of them has broken an flaperon i got the rplacement part and i have ordered few over the years not now few years ago okay i might have a spare in soemewhere country cos i have ten areoplanes around the world okay i am the owner once i have replaced it ,, the part is thrown away or goes to the warehouse for storage, okay the hijacker continues his ordeal which is to exchange the flaporen from the mh 370 or perhaps MH 17 becos there were two airliners that crashed, okay one in march and one in july probably MH 17 was lagging security and probably that part is either from MH 17 where security lapsed and probably picked up by xomeone and replacing it into the Indian Ocean so called ' re union " island or third possiblity there was a Montana River accident around july 03 - 04 05th some boeing parts fell into the river, also belonging to 777's it could be a part from there also So far no second or third big part or any parts have been found execept the falporen that belong s to Mh 370.. okay Mh 370 as far as i am concerned had landed which was reported from my aunt, on 9th March, the words from my aunt were it has landed in somehwere but not in Beijing, or Shanghai where it was supposed to be. Soon after the wordings changed it is missing. My aunt was following the news and told me it went missing as soon as it left Malayan Air space so in between malayan and Taiwan, lets conclude this flight landed, MH 17 crashed someone picked up the flaporen and exchanged it with the original MH 370, the clues are there, the plane is still around okay that means 370 is still there MH 17 is not and someonel who is familiar knows the whole story. someone has to travel 40 years to know all the parts of the planes and the config. and the air crew Someone might be hiding in the overhead beds and came out during the flight, lets not forget it was a night flight, normally when all things are very smooth no one bothers to check who is where, guess the hijackers have killed everyone on board, landed somewhere and now playing eiwith emotions and the original part, There are these people in earth who play with sensitiveness and emotions. they buy happiness by paying neibors and ruin people's life
Science and technology will be the instruments used in finding MH370. It will explain how the aircraft entered the water and more than likely how these poor souls perished. But it will not explain the human element of why this happened. The traveling public, the aircraft manufactures, the various governing countries and safety agencies all expend a tremendous amount of time, energy and resources to fully understand why and how aircraft accidents happen. Over the past 50 years, air travel has benefited greatly from this approach and now the world enjoys the fact that air travel is by far the safest mode of transportation. The pursuit of why MH370 happened will not contribute to this safety record. The assumption that accidents happen because it was an accident is false in this case because it was done with purpose and deliberate. To understand why is to understand the disturbed thought process, the greatly flawed human element of the people or person we put the most amount of trust. Just as if a member of the presidents security detail decided to change world history by just a simple act on his part.
@Dilip 777 parts aren't just laying around to be flown around the would to be used in elaborate hoaxes such as you suggested. Those parts are accounted for. They are all used, refurbished if possible, and used again. They are numbered as an assembly, and each part that makes it is numbered. They know where the flaperon was used.
Oh! I have slipped the surly bonds of Earth And danced the skies on laughter-silvered wings; Sunward I've climbed, and joined the tumbling mirth Of sun-split clouds, — and done a hundred things You have not dreamed of — wheeled and soared and swung High in the sunlit silence. Hov'ring there, I've chased the shouting wind along, and flung My eager craft through footless halls of air. . . . Up, up the long, delirious burning blue I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace Where never lark, or ever eagle flew — And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod The high untrespassed sanctity of space, Put out my hand, and touched the face of God. — John Gillespie Magee, Jr
bored are you? like to look back and see your cut and paste in Yahoo. unmarried little man?
You have too much anger jewish princess! You need to relax, get a arab boyfriend and just chill.
That is a very cool poem -- I pictured myself doing those things as I was reading it! Thanks for posting!
One thing I don't get: If they confirm the plane had crashed in where they believe it did, that means the plane will likely be broken up into debris: ones that float, and ones that do not. For the ones that float, it'll probably be where they found the flaperon piece close to Africa. For the ones' that sink, it'll be in the bottom of the ocean. In either case, what is the point of searching by air in the last know/believed to be location? The plane is either under water, which they can't see from the air, or have floated away. IN either case, it's not visible from air where they are searching. So I don't know why they are still searching by air in that arc region.
@J......first, they are not searching the suspected crash arc site by air. The French are said to be searching the waters off their territorial waters off Mauritius and Reunion islands, which is where they found the inner aileron also known as the "flaperon". This is 4000km from the suspected crash area. The other point is how exactly the plane came to the ocean surface. If it was violent like Swiss Air Flt111, then you could expect a large debris field. However, if this was a controlled ditching into the water, like USAir flt 1549, you could expect practically no debris. Actually, in the case of USAir, only the wing mounted engines and trailing edge devices of the wing were the only things to separate from the aircraft. Given enough time, that aircraft would have sunk basically totally intact.
Depends how broken up the plane is.
@Sue......yes Sue. You are a master at stating the obvious. It depends how broken up the plane is. If it impacted the water at high speed and unusual attitude, it is highly likely the aircraft broke apart into many pieces and would therefore be reasonable to conclude a large debris field. But, as we have seen in other ditchings, it is possible to ditch and have no aircraft break up, other than engines and trailing edge devices which would result in little to zero debris field. We have seen no breakup in the fuselage before with controlled flight on the water. Everyone always assumes a large debris field. I am merely pointing out that may not be the case. And as you so plainly put it......."it depends on how broken up the plane is".
Why are they not checking the other local island like Port Mathurin. At least alert them to keep an eye out for debris.
It took 17 months for the debris to appear on the beach of Reunion Island, it was drifting for a long, long time and far, far away.
The plane could have landed fairly intact, then sunk. It could have then recently shifted off of a ledge or something and broke open enuf to release some buoyant items. Maybe underway currents shifted. Maybe a ledge broke. Maybe a weak spot on the aircraft finally broke. Maybe there was a small underwater quake. Check uses for recent quakes out there. I just have trouble believing stuff has been floating all this time.
After discovering the debris, the experts now claim their drift modeling has predicted Reunion Island as the site where debris will be found and they were right on!
I think the plane crashed SE, south, SW of Reunion Island. I would guess about 400 to 700 miles south from the Island. Because when it disappeared, the fishermen saw the plane flying about North, NW, at their location in their fishing boat. Then the people at Mildive Island saw it flying SW,Westerly, NW, towards Reunion Island. If you draw a westerly line from Mildive Island the line is some where from 400 to 700 miles below Reunion Island. Seem like The 7th arc is not that far west of Reuion Island.
Yes, that's why it took 18 months for debris to wash ashore and no floating bodied were found and witness testimony is often very imprecise. Laugh at you.
impossible to fly that far on the fuel it had
really you believe a fisherman saw the plane wow
the plane does not have enough gas to fly that far
In one of the first comments I saw as soon as this plane went missing is that some Maldivians had seen this plane flying low, no one took notice of this comment and instead started looking at an Australian point of view, this plane has flown passed the Maldive's and headed towards Africa, may be a hijacking or some thing but it definitely went that way and just because the Maldives is a small set of Islands no one took that comment seriously. shame on these so called flight investigators not to take peoples comments in to consideration too.
Tony - yes, that was the story at first. A couple on a sailing trip just west of Malaysia saw a plane flying low, and looked like it had 'orange windows' and it was long as if there was smoke trailing from the back. The woman on the boat saw it, but thought at first, it was some kind of mistake. She reported it when she got into port, but the authorities didn't follow up. They verified that she and her husband's boat was on the radar where they said it was, which would mean the plane went down after making an emergency 180degree turn back to the airport at Kota Bharu. They then went on a wild goose chase down to Australia, and distracted the public by reporting this B.S. search. This allowed them to stall long enough for the public to put their attention on some other news story. The Malaysian Gov't, The Chinese Gov't, Malaysia Air, and Boeing all have A LOT to lose if we all find out the truth. Oh, btw, the name of the woman who saw the plane's last name is "Tee". You should look up the YouTube video on-line.
Don't either of you two conspiracy #$%$ comprehend the pretty simple point that stuff floats, and covers large distances whilst floating for 16 #$%$ months...this has nothing to do with 'sightings' in the Maldives ...
lets no forget this: MH 17 crashed on July 2014, parts were security laxed, anyone could have picked up something from the crash and now exhcnaged it with the MH 370 please let now the part found put an affect to us, only part is the flaperon, no other part, lets presume someone has changed and swappeed it with the real MH 370 its effects sentiments and emotions then y Reunion Island, means the people are so clever to play with emotions reunion please think someone knows how to purchased the happniess of humans and are playing with emotions thats the vital clue mannnnn... MH 370 has not crashed, but theat part has been swapped then there is one more explanation of the boeing parts falling into the river in July 3 or 4th in montana, please searsh www.google.com Montana Train accident, july 4th 2014, parts of boeing fell into river did they recover the parts any parts missing ... were all parts reported intact did they lose any parts these are to be figured out, but the part is real no dobut swapped with the real 370 lflight the cons: yes find us more than 20 percent of the plane parts and prove it to us. of course i am sorry for the passengers and their anxiously waiting families for the truth do you agree
FFS go and sleep it off, Dilip..
Hmmm, how about modeling debris from around Diego Garcia? Why did no one spot any debris where they were looking right after the incident? Maybe, they have been hoodwinked into looking in the wrong place.
We can track the engine performance over land and seas. But we can NOT track location of airplanes over oceans except by manual pilot reports.
I think the whole world can laugh at Malaysia by now, don't you, liberal idiots? JERKS!
But I still think there is a major error in the location of the satellite that sent and received engine data. A few miles off can be nearly a thousand miles off on the sea. Hell the plane may have never turned south, but flew towards Africa.
you weren't that bright in high school geometry class were you?
Would you all like to know what a REAL BOOST to finding something as big as a commercial jet AND THE PEOPLE IN IT would be?.......make the aircraft manufacturers remove their corporate heads from their rectums and FORCE them to incorporate auto ejecting Black Boxes and beacons which would automatically broadcast their locations while floating on the surface instead of being dragged into the depths of the ocean WITH THE PLANE AND PASSENGERS.
Breitling manufactures an aviators watch which can broadcast the wearers location but they can't get a beacon that can be auto ejected from a plane and float.
that is a great idea. equipped boats and life rafts already have floating sat emergency beacons. when they get wet or when manually turned on
Do you think there's a chance that maybe if it was that easy they would have already done it but the logistics are much more complicated than what you think they are?
even easier is to transmit live data from the plane. when the signal stops, that's where you look.
@apathy.... Look Einstein, if the airbag in your car can inflate in micro seconds to save your life, the technology is there to end this idiocy by the jet manufacturers. They obviously don't want to do it because it costs MONEY and a tiny bit extra in weight....they refuse to do what needs to be done until a international governing body tells them to.
Or why can't the pingers batteries last more than 30 days. heck, I have a flashlight in my closet that has had the same batteries for over a year, and it still works!
Hey No Beef- genius your car and an airplane are just a bit different and the forces involved are much greater. Try picking up a science book and not the hair off your #$%$ for a change.
nasa is useless for such earthly needs - can't do a thing about pluto either
@asspithy... Your lack of common sense doesn't surprise me. Apparently, you aren't "smarter than a fifth grader."
@ apathy: If we can land a craft traveling thousands of miles per hour all the way on Mars and deploy all the instruments perfectly, we can eject the blackboxes safely. It's just a matter of costs and will
What if the plane hit the water into thousands of little pieces scattered into thousands of mile radius into the Indian Ocean. It could have blown to pieces at a very high altitude higher than the normal plane cruise when it disappeared in the radar screen.
i agree, there could be only engines left. Just look at the Germanwings crash. you cant see anything bigger than a few feet in size. hitting water at that speed it may as well be concrete
What I mean is the plane was already reduced literally into little pieces before hitting the water.
There should be some floating debris like suit cases, toys, etc. Not sure they would be easy to spot.
examining the pieces found could probably tell us if the plane disintegrated on impact or prior to that
Obama took that flight to frame Russia.
I think what Mikey meant was the plane was taken to use as MH17. Many researchers have came up with the same opinion, that no one was alive on MH17 when it took off. The bodies were already badly decomposed when MH17 came out of the air. The Netherlands is part of the terrorism, obvious because the investigation is a joke and a farce. The aircraft took off from the Netherlands, by remote. Kiev refused to turn over the ATC tower tapes because there was nothing on them, just silence. Of course Kiev and the CIA had months to forge new ones, so nothing from them is credible at this point. MH17 was downed the day after the BRICS accord was signed, led by Russia. and warned by the US not to. If you know what's really going on, you can almost predict the future. MH370 was remotely hijacked by the US government using the Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot anti-terrorist system on board all 777s. Not one person in the US media told the public about the system, and our government is coercing the websites with knowledge (like Wiki) to slowly backtrack and act as though the system hasn't been implemented. The system was in testing on aircraft as early as 1995, and on many aircraft by 2000. The government denied its existence until Boeing was awarded the patent in 2006 and a lawsuit forced them to admit it, stating later all new aircraft had the system starting in 2007, and all commercial aircraft would be retrofitted by 2009. Wiki has changed their website description of the system 5 times since the disappearance of MH370, because the US government is the only one capable of initiating the system covertly to this extent. The aircraft was landed at Veer Savarkar airport that night. The flaperon was planted without question, the aircraft never crashed that night. anything else found was also planted. They could have scuttled the aircraft anywhere, anytime they wanted after it landed. Hey could also change identification and be in use right now. Governments are in control of documentation and information, and they are all presently terrorist..... our US government being one of the worst.
Good lord you people are a joke. Lololo keep believing all your conspiracy theories. I feel bad for your kids. Oh wait......... Neck beards don't have kids.
LOL.. my one child is leading his class in engineering, in one of the toughest universities in the country. I'm glad he didn't have any of your genes Mark.
Maserati, FFs go back to sleep...you are boring the #$%$ out of everybody, ranting and raving...go and sleep it off.
Pacey...get an education...when you grow up.
The bodies were already badly decomposed when MH17 came out of the air. --- Get an education, you say? After a long rant along lines of the statement I have quoted? That is education, you figure?? You are not only a dumb clueless MFer, but a certifiable one.
No, just name calling to something you obviously know nothing about and living in denial. You just can't admit the government and media jerked you off like an idiot.
Martin Dolan has a job he loves, he would like this to go on forever. Imagine saying that he's confident they're looking in the right place. Australia's government must be clueless to have someone making statements like that
what is going to really suck... is the possibility that it landed and skimmed the across the water before sinking.. that would mean there could of been survivors. Possibly who died slowly..of starvation, dehydration or even worse eaten by shark while everyone searched the wrong area... whatever the outcome... this is truly tragic.
Is that the only scenario from you today ?
no.. my heart goes out to the families....and friends from this unfortunate incident... If I had to deal with the pain of not knowing....and such possibilities... I would be completely devastated.
C: Apparently, from records/reports, the plane rose over 40,000 feet with no oxygen (cut off from the pilot),for the passengers, which would mean they were all dead before they hit the water. I guess that means someone in the cockpit was still alive to lower the flaps on landing???What a mystery.
".......and its disappearance remains one of aviation's great mysteries." It's not a mystery unless you're a moron. The aircraft was remotely hijacked by the US government using the anti-terrorist system "Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot" on board all 777s. It was landed at Veer savarkar airport on Andaman Island in Port Blair. where the passengers were disembarked. Any thing could have happened to the aircraft after that. The US media and government have you focused on the cause of the crash, which it didn't. It was landed. The rest is BS.
Australia and all the others are stalling. I hope the French present the truth to the public.
there are times when forgive forget is deadly - thanks the searchers & the victims' families - or we may be next
For the people that say give up. this is closure for the families. They are still searching for the soldiers from WW2 and Vietnam.
What a waste of resources looking for this thing
I agree to a point. There has been too many resources committed to finding something related to this plane but actually there has been a very good reason that the media has not mentioned to keep from upsetting the masses. Besides providing some sort of closure for the innocent victims and their families; The governments that have been looking for it can sleep easier at night knowing that this plane won't be landing in their back yard with god only knows what kind of nefarious payload and intentions.
If the aircraft landed somewhere, safe bet we'd know as there are only a few possible landing sites. I think that conspiracy theory was disproven quite some time ago. As for closure, sure, but it was loaded with chinese, let them make the effort to find their own.
Just as long as it's no one you care about.
True, I care about missing chinese just about as much as they care about me. If it were a plane full of missing whites off California, do you expect china would be wasting $10,000,000's looking for them ?
Those 777s have enormous range and could have landed in several political hot spots within it's radius including a whole lot of dense jungle. The behavior of the flight crew was very suspect forcing searching parties to fear and prepare for the worst. The abnormal behavior of that flight crew caused all of the extra search money to be spent on its location. I'm sure the governments in the part of the world are relieved to now know it can't be used as a weapon.
I agree that it is desirable to find out what happened, I just don't get why Australian taxpayers are on the hook for any of it. I also think that chances of finding main crash site is still slim..
I agree with you that Chinese and Malaysians should be funding it between them, Kaylee.. the Malaysian PM recently said that Malysia does not need white people telling it it's business, and that there is no place for white people in Malaysia...apparently that does not include looking for a plane likely taken down deliberately by one of his psycho muslim pilots.
Kaylee, you sound rather incoherent. It has nothing to do with "white" people or non-white people. It's about nationality. If the victims were Americans of Chinese descent, China would not care. If the victims were white Chinese citizens (yes they do exist, look it up), China would probably care. Race is irrelevant here, so I'm not sure why you even brought that up.
It is not irrelevent..Chinese are among most race-conscious people on the planet...
The search was left to those with the deepest pockets and the most resources. The australian's were by no means to only party out there in the search. Let's look at this from a geopolitical perspective. International tensions in that part of the world run high. Part of the search problem was the neighboring countries didn't want o give away their threat sensing capability. The australians have been paranoid of the islamic culture just to the north of them in the indonesian archipelago that senselessly killed a bunch of their tourist in Bali. Thailand and Malaysia aren't the best of friends. China has managed to upset all of it's neighbors by building island in the SCS. Then there's the middle east that that aircraft had the range to fly to. Add in the very strange behavior of the flight crew, add all of the paranoia and you get those with the means trying to defuse the tension caused by one flight crew.
I agree that the Chinese are racist, but that doesn't excuse the reverse racism from Kaylee insinuating that all Westerners are white. Not all Westerners are white, and not all white people are Westerners.
What color are you Mustard Gateau, mystery meat of the day ?
And why is that relevant, Kaylee? I am Canadian - that is all that is relevant in today's world. Nationality, not race.
You sound like quite an arrogant airhead, what is not relevant to you may be very relevant to someone else - Anyone scared to state their race, I already know what you are.
Do you think I give a rat's butt what is relevant to you? Well then, what's your weight? It's just as relevant here as my race (or your race for that matter). Stupid Yank.
122 lbs ! Oh and I don't care about you, little yellow man.
Thomas 8 hours ago 0 0 The search was left to those with the deepest pockets and the most resources. -- well, again, that points back to China! Australia has real and deepening budget problems, thanks to 6 years of Labor govts wasting the surplus we had , squandering money on the most ridiculous things, and importing 50000 boat-borne welfare-intensive Third world asylum-seekers...why are WE scouring the ocean a year later blowing more millions, on a plane which was not our flag, majority passengers Chinese, and did not go down anywhere within reach even of our waters...
My point exactly ! Here is china building islands in the ocean and they can't even be bothered to look for their own people, what shameful hypocrites !
plane was abducted.Govt is planting all this to give families closure and get them off their backs.Noone know what happened to the plane? they never will!
muslim pilot trashed the plane deliberately.. had been talking to talking rocks and his secret invisible friend, again, as usual, with those mecca monkeys..
they got what they wanted from those few inventors on board & they are the new beneficiaries of that military micro chip .... do ur homework ppl chk who was on board that flight .. ur answer is there for u all .............. peace to all & hope u will have closure soon with whats to come up still .. the murderers have completed their evil deed .. !
They should check for bullet holes since this debris was smuggled from the crash site of MH17.
so the answer is that Yahoo commenter have no real clue. report back here after they find it and tell us how you did.
i strongly think the researchers of this missing plane should read peoples comments and also try using them for their search,it could let to something
Haha...the whole world being fooled by the Malay people.
Najib Razak has "conclusively confirmed" I'm not even sure there is any such thing as conclusively confirming anything...
@Phukkyuutoo, I wondered when the conspiracy nut jobs would start coming out of the closet. Do you idiots realize that the only reason you come up with conspiracy theories is in the rare event you are right, you can say, I told you so. that is pathetic.
No, ddm, cerebral occluded losers like you would swallow anything without concrete evidence. Go eff yourself, I pity your existence
@PY: You would refuse to accept any concrete evidence that counters your pet theory, so you're no better. Worse, actually. What is your evidence that this debris is fake?
Freddie Kruger- Here is my evidence; the Koran found was said to be written in Malay version of Arabic. It has since been proven to be written in Urdu, printed in Delhi, India. Ergo, fake claims. Plus, without the data plate the flaperon is no evidence.
A 777 flaperon with barnacles came from somewhere. Jetliners don't lose major components like that as a matter of course, and 9M-MRO is the only 777 to suffer a mishap anywhere near there.
@Phukkyuutoo, if it was a conspiracy don't you think "they" would have been smart enough to come up with a fake data plate? As for the "Koran found", IF a Koran was found don't you think "they" would have also been able to come up with a fake Koran to satisfy conspiracy whack jobs like you? Out of curiosity do you own a tin foil hat? You really should get back on your meds.
The aircraft was remotely hijacked by the US government and landed at Veer Savarkar that night. It was a "scripted" Op you morons, and they are still playing it out for the gullible and mentally deficient. Really think commercial aircraft just disappear in this day and age? I live in the dumbest, most gullible country in the world. To the programmed to scream "conspiracy theory" when they are scientifically illiterate to know the truth....get an education!
Fred- the barnacles "appeared" AFTER people questioned the absence of barnacles on the flaperon when the first pictures emerged. ddm- The Koran was "found"- the Guardian reported it-- but those who planted it there were just as unintelligent as you are to not have thought of putting a more convincing one. You really are cerebral occluded to think that somebody would put a fake data plate and risk being discovered that it was counterfeit-- putting a fake data plate won't satisfy "conspiracy theorists", it would actually vindicate them. You're pathetically unintelligent. How have you managed to exists for so long? As MAerati said, you are scientifically illiterate, and therefore so quickly to believe in fake science because you lack the ability to differentiate between science and pseudo science
@Maseraturd, where do you whack jobs come up with these farfetched theories? I think you would have to be off your meds to come up with this shizzz. 1. What proof do you have the US government hijacked the 777? 2. Are you aware that the Veer Savarkar airport is an Indian military facility? 3. The airport is not set up for night landings. 4. 100,000 people live there. Don't you think at least one of them would have made at least a million dollars by selling the story to the National Enquirer? 5. That airport is serviced by four major airlines, including Air India. Don't you think that at least one of the airline pilots would have spotted a 777 and said something? 6 this area is a highly militarized zone with high- tech surveillance capabilities covering a large part of the Indian Ocean, which would make it nearly impossible for an unidentified aircraft to enter the zone undetected. Out of curiosity, what makes you scientifically literate, other than your tinfoil hat?
@Phukkyuutoo, did you and Maseraturd get a weekend pass from a mental facility? How do you differentiate between science and pseudoscience?. Please enlighten me, since I am stupid. Huh is not a answer.
@Phukkyuutoo, let me try and give your definition of science and pseudoscience. If it is something you are blabbering about, it is science. Anyone that questions your blabbering is spewing pseudoscience. By golly, I think I'm right.
Instead of digging Spratly islands to build Fake islands, China should join the search !
Give up the search. They're gone and buried. The money spent on it could be used for better things.
give up until none's & his plane go same way
so many people had said they were searching in the wrong place but no one would listen........
Obviously you can't read because if you could you'd see that their models had shown this is the area the debris would eventually reach. They even got the timeframe right. Science is awesome people who can't be bothered to read the story aren't.
apathy1 yes I can read and your rude....
ALL actors, Headlines will be: Reunion Island's Boeing 777 wing from downed MH17 NOT from missing MH370 == end-of-show.blog+spot.--- /2015/07/
Geez, those folks have stamina. Looking for 16 months before a clue came up had to be demotivating. Good luck.