it would cost 5 trillion to defeat iran. Read my lips no more taxes... we will not engage in nation building... bush set up iraq as a communist dictatorship. the government of iraq owns all oil. and hands out welfare to the people. so the republican leaders are communist most likely. good paying jobs . like the ones he sent iraq. and now have ptsd right bohner is moving to iraq. he likes communist dictatorships. bush says he can be the mayor of falujha. everyone lines up for welfare. bohner gets to drill for oil. and he gets to keep it all . no free oil for the people only bohner.. the cost.. Two trillion US dollars burnt in the Iraqi desert. 1 million dead Iraqis and counting. The USA is now bankrupt and weak. Even with George Bushes tax hike we cant pay for our government spending. why not fire some government employees. sell their computer. desk. etc. sell the real estate that the government employees are loitering on. So why were 20,000 American troops over in Saudiarabia on 911. protecting that muslim dictatorship??? You republicans like to protect muslims. if they sell you cheap oil. the same muslims you claim to hate? and help them get out from non muslim dictators like Sadaam husein and Momar Qadafi?????? and now Saudiarabia is still your friend??? or maybe you just love muslim oil??? maybe get your own oil// if obama wont let you dig oil here. then move to canada or mexico.. they dig oil.. lots of it.. just stay away from muslims then and i wont have to pay for your wars... thanks... Bush, Cheney, and the honorable Paul Bremer (the founding father of Iraq) set up the Iraqi government to own all oil and natural resources. True communism. To the Bush administration free market stability meant that the country would be harder to loot . The Iraqi people were then able to vote in their new dictators. The war policy was to drag a three day war out for ten years. Create a communist dictatorship in Iraq. So to easily pay off the new Iraqi government officials, and to get Bush & Cheney family friends oil infrastructure contracts. NOT TO MENTION military contract profits, they then hide all profits in foreign banks. While the American people pay our soldiers to basically be mob enforcement. It's sickening... A war run by commie capitalists interested in stealing oil money from Iraq .Where all oil an natural resources are owned by the government. (Think about that) Whoever wins the election in Iraq controls all of the oil and natural resources. A true welfare state. Bush 1 and 2 family policy is to raise taxes & spending here in the USA as well. Read my lips no new taxes. As bush one said. And then raised all hourly wage earners taxes 3 %. The USA could have hired the army of Saddam and stabilized the entire country within days of the invasion. While Saddam hid in a barnyard. Bushs first action in Iraq was to close their stock market. Can you imagine the prosperity Iraq could have had if all oil infrastructure was divided into private companies. And stock shares of those companies given equally to all of the Iraqi people. But now the Chinese have come in and bought off all the Iraqi government officials. The Iraqi people have nothing. Bush jr. added 8 trillion to the debt. (this one will really make em frothy) like shawn hanity said " bush is just trying to grow the economy" lol. how come we dont hear that excuse for obama? sean hanity said that when a caller pointed out Bush jrs astronomical spending. whos job is it to point out republican commie actions. yeah. bush had our troops kick down iraqi doors and confiscate all weapons. now isis runs free against a defensless iraq. nice call bush. taking the peoples guns away is so fun. and they said bill clinton would put us in fema death camps too. lol. everyone had a job under bill clinton. just like obama. everyone was living out of a van under bush
Will propose something that should have been done centuries ago with those so called Black boxes which are actually yellow: When an individual is passenger on an airplane, he/she's shown how to use the inflatable vest. Such "garment" inflates automatically once in the water. why not equip all those boxes with some kind of inflatable device which would pull them up to the surface to be located and picked up? (I'll probalbly miss on some royalties). Cars have bags which inflate on a crash, these too could inflate should the aricraft get in trouble.
@Frantz - They are within the airframe of the plane... they won't necessarily be able to 'float' anywhere in a crash.
Frantz, besides, they want to find the aircraft in order to figure out what happened.
@RK, airbags are "within the frame" of your car. Yet they deploy precisely because of a crash, whether there is space or not. @Cheryl, that's why I suggest floaters of a "life vest" for those boxes, so they can be picked up and the data and "find out what happened." Please read the post again.
I like Frantz's idea. You can also install the Black box in an "ejector seat" and have it record the coordinates for the ejection site. It will narrow the search area.
@Frantz - Yes... and they stay inside. If the airplane is at the bottom of the ocean it really doesn't help if they only 'float' to the top of the airframe and no further... @Olga - How would you program it to eject only when it should?
How do those ejector seats work in military planes, or airbags in cars? Why not use a similar technology?
@Olga - ejector seats in planes require manual activation... I think they pilots would be a little more interested in trying to make the landing as 'survivable' as possible instead of worrying about whether or not the data recorders get out of the airframe. Airbags us a sensor in the bumpers... I suppose you could maybe incorporate something similar in the skin of the airplane... but then you have to ensure it doesn't go off when 'normal' events happen such as a bird strike or lightning strike.
So it's an engineering task that can be done and lots of headaches relieved.
@Olga - I don't know that it can be done. That's the point.
Expired batteries does not mean dead batteries. FAA qualified equipment like ELT beacons are required to meet the full specs (including broadcast life) with the equivalent of a 5 year old primary lithium manganese dioxide battery (non-rechargeable) running down at -20C or -40C depending on model type. I have run tests on batteries that were actually over 5years old and predischarged them to the equivalent of another 5 years. I ran that beacon at -20C and it still met the 50 hour minimum requirement by over 5 hours. The design margin is pretty wide and assuming the unit was in warmer water the battery run time goes to over 80 hours in that case. So for a 30day pinger battery to be 2 years over the 5 year due date is not that bad. However I wouldn't approve of letting the unit sit that long uninspected as what the Malaysian guberment allowed to happen. It should be selftested once every year or two.
They still should have changed the batteries.
wow KG i thought i said that.
“When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.” Sherlock Holmes 1. It didn't follow its flight plan. 2. It flew out over an expanse of ocean. 3. All tracking devices on the plane were intentionally disabled. 4. No debris field was ever located. 5. No debris from the plane has ever washed ashore . . . anywhere. 6. Nobody known to be on the plane has ever turned up . . . anywhere. 7. Both pilot and co-pilot had muslim names. 8. The only airstrip capable of supporting the landing of a 777 in the area where the plane vanished was the military installation at Diego Garcia. 9. All indigenous personnell from Diego Garcia were expelled decades ago. 10. Diego Garcia is an intelligence outpost of the US. 11. The disappearance occurred during hours of darkness. 12. This fish smells loosely wrapped.
I thought it was Spock who said that.
This "crash" has never made sense from day 1. The 777 and other similar light-weight jumbos have thousands (if not millions) of lightweight parts -- there is tons of stuff that would float, even with a catastrophic crash. If we haven't found anything in our oceans or on our beaches, it really is time to start looking in hangars. I haven't ever speculated on the plane's landing place, but hearing about this place and seeing its location, that seems like a reasonable destination if the saboteurs were Western. If Middle Eastern, then there are several likely spots in and around the Persian Gulf, and if China had an interest in this plane, then it could have landed in a myriad of places in a nation that vast. And these nations and their spy agencies are all very good at keeping secrets. Who knows, maybe they are all in this together and using that plane to shuttle spies and secrets between all those places. The only thing I can say is that the idea that MH370 suffered an accidental crash is far more far-fetched than anything being discussed here!
Another thing people have to look at with respect to the location of Diego Garcia is that if the U.S. has a military presence there -- especially a permanent military base that is much more prone to attach -- it is going to be exercising EXTREME surveillance of anything that moves in the sky. The simple fact of this base's presence indicates that the Soutthern Indian Ocean is far less "uncharted" territory than everybody is claiming.
If the plane was hijacked, as a number of people here claim, then there is a limited number of places where it could be. Hijackers couldn't simply hack a dirt landing strip out of the jungle; the Boeing 777 is too big for that. They would take a runway about a mile long just to land it; longer if they plan on using the plane again. And it would have to be wide-- the 777's wingspan is almost 300ft. Hijackers would need a large hangar in which to hide it, or a fairly sophisticated system to camouflage it. There is only a limited number of locations where these criteria can be met, and they could be easily searched by satellite or aircraft. Plus, hijackers would have to have almost air-tight security to keep people from talking, which is highly unlikely. It is far more probable that the same sort of poor maintenance that caused the airline to miss replacing this battery caused a failure in some other system, which resulted in the loss of the aircraft. Chances are that it did not go down at sea, or debris would have been located. The most logical scenario is that the plane crashed vertically into a remote swamp in southeast Asia, and the water and vegetation quickly concealed the wreckage, like the Valujet crash in Florida.
No need to be rude, Illuminati. Instead of shouting, and since you so clearly "know" exactly what happened, why don't you tell us all the exact latitude and longitude where the plane can be found. While you're at it, perhaps you can explain how it flew across the entire Indian subcontinent without showing up on radar?
Deigo Garcia. Look it up, it has state of the art radar, and why weren't they asked for their radar records, you would think being the latest technology, it would have some thing, it was definitely in range at some point. Reports of a passenger plane flying over the Maldives was squashed very quickly. That would however be on a path between it's last known westerly location, and the military base, very few inhabitants, sounds like the perfect place to me.
And i don't think there is a passenger plane flight route anywhere near there. Four fisherman said they witnessed a low flying very large passenger plane fly over their fishing location near the Maldives, the government rejected the report immediately, and never mentioned it again, but immediately switched the search location away from the area
Deigo Garcia is a military airbase, why were they not allowed to search that area with a satellite? It has all the capabilities required, and more, the cell phone exif file was traced back to the island, and if your familiar with how an exif file works, it only adds intrigue. There was some people on board working on a very interesting project, with military applications I'm sure.just saying.
Jesus, no wonder we can't find it. If only someone slipped a couple of Duracells in it before take off.
It is very difficult to bear the disappearance of a loved one without any hope of even knowing what happened. I can imagine the survivors going through countless sleepless nights and even seeing apparitions played by their imaginations. There is a saying that time has a way of healing wounds, but this time it is not going to work because another saying is on top, Misery loves Company.
In practical terms, the expired battery on the instrument recorder was simply a complication for the search, as the associated EPIRB may never have sounded, severely lengthening the odds of recovery in the event of airframe break-up on impact with the water. If the voice recorder's EPIRB battery was still good, the search may already have a ballpark on the Indian Ocean floor from sonar records. Many international regulatory agencies may very well be laxer than the United States concerning avionic maintenance issues such as the EPIRB batteries on the voice and instrument recorders, and also the airframe itself when applicable.
it is ELT's for planes, EPIRBS are for boats. PLB's are for people. But your point is well taken
And the beacon was expired, GREAT! This would be a flagrant violation with the FAA here in America. Beacon batteries have a 5 year life and are inspected and tested annually here in the US for proper time left on the battery, and tested with a pinger to make sure it is operating properly. This is the same FAA that thinks it is OK for US Airlines to have their airplanes overhauled and repaired in places like Malaysia, China, Peru, El Salvador. Do I dare go on?
This is a very common thing in Asia. Its difficult to understand they do NOT follow western rules very well. An inspection of these planes they fly to the US would be very telling.
After all this time, now they say the battery had expired in December 2012. Sounds like someone isn't telling the whole story. And then they wonder why people don't believe what they say, because they are always changing or adding something new. I feel so bad for the families of the victims that were on that flight, because they still have no closure. Myself I would want something to prove what happened, a piece of clothing...but something. It just seems strange that there isn't anything from that plane that has showed up...makes people wonder what really happened.
Why do you assume that they were witholding information? It could be due to incompetence on the part of government officials or reporters covering the story. Stories change because new evidence is discovered, not necessarily because of a coverup.
expired doesn't mean dead, just means that it's past the replacement period. Batteries like that usually keep functioning just fine past their "expiration" period but it's good to replace them in case any defects cause it to go dead. It's more precautionary than anything else.
No cover up, you don't find it odd that not a single piece of wreckage found in over a year? I didn't so easily discount the hijack theory, only it was state operated for sure. Glen Beck was allowed to air the story, funny, they chose him. He was considered the least credible source. Lol.
Kirk, Glenn Beck is willing to speak the truth, rather than go along with the politically correct perspective. He is willing to speak the truth when no one else will.
Yea, not on the beck bus, he sold out long ago.
How many believe that a computer error caused the battery not to be checked? Mechanics still have maintenance manuals and checklists.
Sad situation, we will probably never know what happened and the families will never get closure. I think the plane went down much closer than thought along it's intended flight path. Why it went down we will never know unless by pure luck someone detects the wreckage or something washes up somewhere. My guess would still be the south China sea.
That reminds me. I have to change the batteries in my smoke detectors. The chirping sounds they make are driving me nuts.
Just ignore it. They'll quit after a while.
I agree ignore them Larry, please.
Chirping noise driving you nuts, oh the irony!
If they change the battery's when they should how can we expect any of the other maintenance to be done? I wouldn't get on one of their planes if it was just to ride it while it pushes out. Besides after this long I would expect some of the debris to wash up somewhere, there's more to this than they are telling us.
If Malaysia Airlines failed to perform this maintenance check, what other maintenance did they fail to perform?
If they used energizers, then they keep going, and going, and going...
That'd make a good commercial, the bunny cruising around clapping his symbols while on the bottom of the ocean.
What I want to know is this... Have the signals that were "turned off" by someone on the plane been fixed so that they cannot be disabled???
NO.......and they NEVER WILL BE. I simply MUST be able to remove power from an overheating or on fire transponder. It sits on the equipment rack along with all the other required computers and flight controls. The FEDS require all equipment to have a switch or circuit breaker to REMOVE POWER in case of overheat or fire. SO what????..............you just gonna sit around in your living room and watch your house burt down because your xmas tree overheated and caught on fire or are you going to go over and unplug it????? SHEEEESH! Where is common sense these days? 34 years and 24,500+ Hours airline captain with 9000+ hours instructing and examining pilots for the airlines.
Michael, they are called smart circuit breakers, when they sense am elevation in current beyond what they are designed for they will shut down power to the offending unit, still monitoring the current used and if needed they will power up again provided an overload does not happen again, BTW: what kind of plane do you fly? and how in depth is your knowledge of the electronics in today's planes ( I have questions you might be able to answer for me)
@Steve - ALL mechanical devices can fail... even smart circuit breakers. In addition... something Michael did not mention... how confusing do you think airports would be with a dozen or more planes all sending their signals to the tower while sitting on the ground at the gate??
They are actually activated by temp in most cases........they are called thermal circuit breakers. (unless there is a current limiter inline)They pop and automatically reset (in theory) when the circuit no longer senses the overheat temp causes by the excessive current. They do not always work either. Sometimes with a fast very high current my airline mechanic showed me one he removed that had actually welded itself closed! It was on a transformer rectifier in the equipment rack below the floor. Caused acrid smoke in the cockpit with a diversion to Atlanta Hartsfield airport enroute from LGA to IAH a few years ago. I am type rated captain in B-707/717/720/727/737/757/767// L1011/ Dc-9/Dc-10/L-382/A-300/Ce500 series. With 9000 hours of teaching flight and ground school on systems on pretty much all of the above I think it is fair to say my knowledge is "fair" shall we say. I like to err on the side of safety.
plus 34 years in the cockpits and 24500 hours of flight time. I have seen a problem or two in flight over the years. Flying is sorta like playing poker..........play long enough and no matter how good you are sooner or later you are gonna lose a hand!
How's this?????? Crossing the Mid Atlantic ocean on a classified mission refueling the SR-71 from my KC-135Q model tanker, I had to shut an engine down and continue on. Had no choice. Told NO ONE the engine was shut down............till we were within landing distance of a SAC USAF airbase. What good was it going to do to tell them? They weren't gonna send out a mechanic with a new engine., That old bird just hummed along on three turning and one burning till we put it out with the engine fire extinguisher and a slight descent to gain airspeed and help blow the fire out. No biggie....after all,........the fire was on the OUTSIDE of the airplane. Folks do not seem to understand that even if the engine is on fire it is still putting out thrust till it is shutdown. Had a leak in a broken fuel line. Piece of cake after I changed my underwear and got strapped back down in my seat. Cockpit smelled bad though..........whew.............frijoles!
No, the airlines had their lobbyists fight the proposal, tooth and nail.
RK, Smart breakers are not mechanical for that same reason, the can overheat, melt, corrode etc, smart breakers are actual electronic current sensing devices that are extremely fast in acting and in most cases that require backup like in a plane they have redundancy up to 3 times. I don'tr know what you mean by sending signals to the tower? why?
Michael, impressive resume, yes, unfortunately most people do not understand how redundant and the amount of safety features a plane has built in, and the fact that fire on the engine does not mean doom, Are you familiar with the "uninterruptable autopilot system" Boeing introduced to control the aircraft remotely from ground in case of a hijack? and what is the closes distance another airliner could "shadow" a 777 without being affected by vortex or wash? You got my attention with the SR71, my favorite plane the absolute epitome of engineering design, unbeatable for over 40 years.
@Steve - You can't turn off a breaker without some sort of mechanical action... sorry. Airports are congested with planes overhead... planes taxiing... planes at gates... if they were all sending their transponder information to the tower, how exactly are they supposed to make sense of that mess on their screens?
Pathetic. I'll never fly on anything from Malaysia!
The Mars batteries were supposed to be expired after 90 days but still going strong after years! Buy EverReady!
I still believe that the plane sink to the bottom in whole piece in the sea, south of Vietnam, on its original route. Anyone searched that area with underwater equipment?
Don't believe the battery date expiring was going to make a difference. The problem with this plane not being found is it should never have been lost. All commerical planes carrying passengers certainly should have a location beacon or radar transmission device that keeps the plane 'located' at all times and it should monitor all vital functions of the plane in real time. The world has technology to track missles, spy on everyone's cell phones and computers and video cameras in every street and store and so on. No reason they havent' been keeping track of jet planes for 40 years. Maybe they really do but powers that be don't want us to know what really happened to this plane.
Or since planes are usually found right away after crashing they didn't want to spend money on something that hadn't been much of an issue before. Even though security systems are available to a persons home, they may not see it as important to have until they get robbed. You can bet after this there will be an upgrade in tracking systems.
Frankly, it is unlikely they will upgrade anything significant. First, they will have to have 'hearings' and then discuss and investigate some more. Second, they may need some more hearings but those will be delayed because of the next crash and more information is needed. Then, they will overreact and required dramatic new regulations and costly installation of something that won't work half the time and doesn't do what really is needed to be done. Government! It is a joke.
"Someone" did not want any locater stuff going. ask Andaman Island airport radar what they saw. hee hee
They KNOW where that plane is - PERIOD.
Charles is right. The aircraft was remotely hijacked by US intelligence (government) using the anti-terrorist BUAP system on board all 777s. It was landed at Veer Savarkar airport in Port Blair on Andaman Island that night. The airport operations are closed during the night. It has plenty of runway and the ILS system capable of remotely landing the aircraft. It on the incoming edge of the Andaman Sea, so no one would even see or barely here it come in on that remote island. Perfect spot to hijack an aircraft to, and the public was never told about the ocation, or even the on board BUAP system! Can the US government even look any more guilty. No they can't, because they obviously did this.
1. Check prevailing wind direction that night at IXZ... landing possible only one way in and out, and wind would indicate the relative difficulty. 2. Sadly passengers died when it went up, no O2. 3. No doubt USA did it. They wanted their anthrax back. 4. Absolutely not possible to keep a secret among the native Indians at IXZ who serviced, cleaned, and otherwise were around there all the time. People talk, especially in that setting, so I reject IXZ for security reasons alone.
Maserati, it was unloaded of what ever it had that was so important, then traveled to Diego Garcia.
How often have we lost a major passenger or freight airplane that wasn't found in less than a year? So, you see.. this would be like putting rattlesnake traps outside of all the igloos in the arctic circle. No demand.
Charles... the airport is closed at night, they have no hangers. Sorry you reject the theory, but it's obvious it did land there, for reasons specified and several others. As for Diego Garcia, anything could have happened to the aircraft after it landed at Veer and was unloaded.
Having been in Port Blair airport several times, I can tell you that the place is definitely NOT deserted and closed up with no people around all nights. People there are India people, not known for closed mouths. My point is that a landing there would be less than ideal due to locals seeing the plane, servicing the plane, etc., due to needing approach help to pilots and thus creating more witnesses, and due to USA trying to deal with India bureaucracy. There are two large service-type buildings there, large enough to enclose a big plane, but I dont know if a plane can actually go in there. Inside or outside, it would need a fast paint job, using local insecure personnel and other local labor to get the bodies handled, plane interior sheep dipped, and/or just hiding it somewhere there. IXZ is definitely not secure at any time and thus it is much less likely. M. you should just fly there and buy some local airport service personnel some beers and chat, hee hee. DG is, of course, tightly locked down with secure personnel. Actually the larger point M and I agree on is that the plane was part of a USA black op.
Charles...the airport is closed to operations at night, and only a few would be there. The pilots need no help. they have no control. The plane remotely lands itself once the ILS system at Veer is engaged. It's obvious you're guessing. I'm stating the scientific technical capabilities of the system, all public knowledge.
I am not guessing when I note -IZX airport has people around, official and cabbies waiting there for morning, all kinds of people. -ILS does not turn itself on automatically, it does not power itself automatically, and it does not maintain itself automatically. Local people are involved. -that airport is just not a secure place to pull off a black op. What I have done via good investigative historic methods is reconstruct the events from the Seychelles to CDC, Atlanta. Part of my findings are scientific and technical and part guess as is necessary.... but guesses based on fact and logic. Sure, the plane COULD HAVE landed at IZX, but the fellow who planned that should be fired if so because that plan was simply not secure. That fact NOT SECURE, negates all guesses based on ILS or drones, or whatever at IZX. Direct your "science" to the ludicrous security conditions there and get on with more research yourself. Fly out to IZX and ask some taxi drivers what they saw that night as they lounged outside waiting for passengers to arrive. Hey, also, did the black ops fly into IZX a crew of military secure body handlers and then fly them out? Where did these guys eat and sleep under total secrecy. The place is a sieve. But do keep this subject open; it should not be forgotten.
You know, they actually don't have a clue where this place is. They will never find it.... We know it changed course.. After leaving Indonesia military radar they can only guess where it went. They have the doppler signals is all. Now we find the battery had expired, but they are covering their butts saying it still would have worked. Uh Huh... sure.
Expired battery? Well that solves that part of the mystery... Doesn't it?
No it doesnt. The unit is designed to work the full 30 days with a recently expired battery at the lower temperature limit the unit is rated for. If the water is warmer it would last 50%-100% longer.
as fascinating as all the theories are, history proves that missing planes are always found crashed in a location that wasn't considered or discovered... look at adventurer Steve Fossett, when his plane went missing, the net went crazy with 'he faked his death' claims...
I just returned to the US after living in Asia for almost eight years; the last four being in Penang, Malaysia. This is a weird one no doubt. I've thought about this a lot and have three basic theories. They all have holes, as the info here is so sketchy. So some facts first. 1. NEVER forget the Asian need to save face. Look at how the Japanese politicians and Tepco officials constantly lied about how bad that disaster was. Her we have the same thing for the Malaysian politicians. 2. I do wonder if the Aussies know more than they say. I never, not a single time; heard the following mentioned. The flight turned around near Vietnam and then flew back across Malaysia; "exiting" the country after flying west near Penang. Penang is a small island about one mile west of the Malaysian coast. The Royal Australian Air Force has a very large base on the mainland right across for Penang. We've always heard that Malaysian military radar picked up an image, but it didn't get much info. I've never heard anything said about what the Aussie military saw? Knowing both groups; I'd put my money on the Aussies having much better equipment, and operators; than their Malaysian counterparts. Knowing if they saw it, what they saw; and how far they tracked it could be very illuminating. 3. Malaysia is deeply divided politically. One party has ruled Malaysia since it's independence in 1957. However they've almost lost power the last two elections. In between the Malaysian government has had an ongoing arrest/harass/try the leading opposition politician. Yup, after a good showing; he was arrested on sodomy charges. Sodomy being a death penalty type offense in Muslim Malaysia. And the charges were #$%$. But it shows the seriousness with which the ruling party sees holding onto power.Then in the most recent election (2013) the ruling party won again. Barely. And there were lots of charges of electoral shenanigans. The Malays I knew (Chinese) felt utterly crushed and hopeless after the election. 4. The pilot was a big supporter of the opposition politician and had just attended his trial where he was convicted of the sodomy charges. Unusually, the pilot was an ethnic Malay who was not Muslim nor was a member of the ruling party. 5. The co-pilot was a young Muslim man. Now the theories and supposition: 1. It had to be an inside job; either the pilot or co-pilot. In the post 9-11 world; it would be virtually impossible to assault a locked cockpit door, breach it, and disable the two crewmen without them getting off some message. 2. It was not a mechanical failure. As in breaching the cockpit; short of a serious bomb; there isn't much that could instantly disable the plane and two pilots. The only time I recall that happening was 20 years ago or so when an Air India flight disappeared. The consensus was that a bomb blew it up at max cruising altitude. If this happened to MH370; some debris would've been found. 3. If it was the co-pilot; it would likely be a terrorist event. However there is absolutely nothing in his background to suggest this. 4. So we're pretty much left with the pilot as at least having a plausible motive and likely the means. So let's examine this more. The pilot could've pulled this off without any prior planning. He could've walked from the courthouse, went to the airport; got on the plane; and boom; and done the deed. All he would've had to do is send the co-pilot out on an errand (and no junior Asian co-pilot is going to question a very senior pilot's orders) and then lock him out. Easy, peasy. Look at the known, unusual actions of the flight. You had disabled electronics, you had a quick, high altitude climb right after the turn around. Exactly what you'd do to neutralize the remaining crew and passengers. He was also very experienced in flying in this area. He could've flown the known flight path quite easily. So the pilot had the skills and possibly a motive. So what might've happened? I see two paths. Both would've started with the pilot radio'ing in some demand/s. Remember how long it took the Malaysian government to release the transcript between air traffic control and the plane. Then not only didn't it seem complete, it also seemed altered. A true, complete copy of that conversation could likely clear a lot up. As for his threat? Maybe it was to take the plane out; sink it, and kill everyone on board? A more drastic threat might've been to 9-11 the plane into the Petronus Towers or such. Which could've gotten the plane shot down. In either case; the Malaysian government would do all the could to cover this up. That "Face" thing again. Of course this line of reasoning has holes. But it does follow the one possible motive that we kw of. Anyway; it's pretty weird. And at this point, whatever happened you can bet the Malaysian government would way prefer that it stay as it is. A mystery, but that's better than the massive shame most other outcomes would generate. Wow, my two typing fingers are worn out. Out here.
wow you need a medal or something.....................try decaf
KIrk dude, And your problem with "muslim"? In this case it likely had no bearing. But no denying it; Malaysia is a muslim country; most employess of state businesses (like Malaysia Air) are muslims, etc. As a matter of fact, by law, all ethnic Malays (and all Malays are assigned an "ethnicity") are muslim. I've lived in two muslim countries (as well as speaking the language of one) for a total of five years. I'm no expert by any means; but I have some understanding. But you???
SOMETHING THAT HAS NOT BEEN REPORTED. The Boeing 777 along with other Boeing models, can in fact be flown remotely through the use of independent embedded software and satellite communication. Once this advanced system is engaged, it can disallow any pilot or potential hijacker from controlling a plane, as the rooted setup uses digital signals that communicate with air traffic control, satellite links, as well as other government entities for the remainder of a flight’s journey. Uninterruptible flight control On December 4th of 2006, it was announced that Boeing had won a patent on an uninterruptible autopilot system for use in commercial aircraft. This was the first public acknowledgment by Boeing about the existence of such an autopilot system. The new autopilot patent was reported by John Croft for Flight Global, with the news piece subsequently linked by a Homeland Security News Wire and other British publications around the same time. According to the DHS release, it was disclosed that “dedicated electrical circuits” within an onboard flight system could control a plane without the need of pilots, stating that the advanced avionics would fly the aircraft remotely, independently of those operating the plane: “The “uninterruptible” autopilot would be activated – either by pilots, by on board sensors, or even remotely via radio or satellite links by government agencies like the Central Intelligence Agency, if terrorists attempt to gain control of a flight deck.”
It was literally a flying computer with all the same vulnerabilities.
the computer language of the program is a very robust language, no windows here
The battery of the locator beacon for the plane's data recorder had expired more than a year before the jet vanished, are tip of iceberg of indication of poor maintenance. If they can miss battery renewal, they can miss a lot of others things.
See how rejoices Jacquita Gomes wife of Patrick Gomes who was in-flight supervisor on board Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. She knows why the corpses of some members of the crew of flight MH17 not found, and why did not immediately have found the corpses of the pilots of 9/11.
"The first comprehensive report into the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 revealed Sunday that the battery of the locator beacon for the plane's data recorder had expired more than a year before the jet vanished on March 8, 2014." I lol'd. The real funny part is just how many people were tripping over themselves and everyone's national security systems trying to find this plane. If this was a conspiracy it was an amazing move.
More investigation should center on the pilot. Why should the pilot turn off the instruments? I think the pilot had a grand plan to commit suicide. Many things were not normal. Why did the Air Force wait such a long time to look for the airplane? if the Air Force would have searched immediately, they could have followed the aircraft. Why was the government so shy about answering questions. I think the answer is on the ground not in the ocean.
I'm calling BS on this. Lets assume that the underwater battery on the FDR was weak, dead, or otherwise defective and inoperable, or operable at a reduced strength or duration. I noticed that this news story, and presumably the government that fed them this line of BS, completely left off the fact that the cockpit voice recorder and the emergency locator transmitter both have these same underwater beacon batteries. So that's three chances to receive a beacon signal, yet they continue to blow smoke up our collective rear ends by only mentioning the one battery and hoping you don't know any better.
Should the 1997 abouts remains co-incide with these then maybe they haven't mastered that speed out there yet as the reasons why the things happened, that little statue showed up again back when and the others were unearthed though too, probably with these 'kind' they'll figure to use up the human race until they can figure it out and then, not of run out of 'their' gas there back when they did this last dip issue into someone's region that maybe liked the reasons for the unearthed statues suddenly re-arisen as well.
at this point you would wonder if the airline ceo & or the goverment issued a very valuable reward for information on the location of the aircraft to cover all bases since it just might not be in the sea. along with no signs of debris it very well could be on land somewhere that a reward might give some leads
This airline is so stupid that the video is broken in sympathy.
I wish this article had just been buried in the archives. This might give CNN the idea to pound this into our heads for another 3 months. How many times did I hear, "Breaking News", when it wasn't breaking news.
Better tell Anderson K00ker 365 on CNN (the communist nut jobs network); he may still be looking for it … “it’s over here … no … It’s over there now …. No wait, I think some one heard it ping over here again” …
more #$%$ diversion tactics.I have no dog in this fight other than I have spent my entire life around aircraft of all types,so I am supposed to believe that a piece of equipment with batteries designed to still have a 50% charge after 20 years in a totally hostile environment{not just a warm, dry airframe} suddenly failed after being out of inspection by one year,most of this gear is reverse engineered from the aerospace programs of different countries and redundantcy is the technical baseline.this is #$%$
Carl, I also have worked with and around aircraft most of my life also and from what I get from this piece is that the report only states the Li-O battery was expired on the FDR though a current one was powering the CVR. It does not imply the expired battery was a cause or significant factor in the disappearance which you, I and most others would know.
How about the Chinese Government start bearing some of the financial burdens to search for the plane for a change, after all, most of the passengers on the plane were Chinese citizens, why does Australia and Malaysia has to be the only ones sharing the financial burdens. If Australia and Malaysia no longer wants to spend more money for the search, the Chinese government should take over, so I don't see why the search would be ever called off, they should keep searching until they find SOMETHING from the plane no matter how long it takes.
The Chinese are currently busy colonizing Philippine Islands . Because , they contain natural resources . A few corpses are of no interest enough to spend money on. Besides whats a few hundred in a country with a billion + pop.
The cost of the search should be paid 100% by the profiteering airline and their share holders - no matter how much. Privatized profits and the public cleans up their messes...I don't think so.
Coming near you sometime soon. The Chinese Government has been buying up jet plane maintenance airport facilities in the USA and you guessed bidding lower on airline maintenance jobs then the airlines are paying to have done in house. Those, inspections have already been proven to be substandard to US Citizens trained to perform maintenance. So, what is going to be acceptable to passengers flying on US Airliners planes with shoddy Asian Maintenance Practices here in the USA? Are you going to trust an American being paid 50 bucks an hour to perform detailed maintenance on a plane you are flying on or an Asian that speaks little to no English or grasps the reason why a nut has to be checked in the tail section and torqued to specifications every 50 flying hours.....being paid 5 dollars an hour in an Economic Free zone in the USA?
Will go along with the shoddy concrete and welding work they're doing on major (Golden Gate for one) bridges. The 'Merikan Empire, Inc seems to find all the money it needs when starting another war. Everyone has their priorities.
Airlines don't want to pay much for labor.......So just hire anyone that will work cheap
Tell it to the workers in the I.T. department at Southern California Edison who, and I'm not making this up, just had to train their H-1B visa replacements! The H-1B program was sold as a "guest worker program for jobs that we can't find Americans to fill". And now we're laying off Americans for a fast buck with foreign workers right here in the USA.
Northwest Air was horrible on maintenance. They send engines out for repair so they are not inspected like in the US. I am sure NWAL-Delta is considering this as a service vendor.
I think you hit it. In the Philippines, they are taught what to "memorize" not comprehend.
O Lord please help and strengthen these experts to find and explore the MH370 Airplane. Wherever it maybe O Lord Please use your powerful blessing to find them save if possible anything you can do to save these people.. Please help them locate MH370 which is already 1 year since 8th March 2013 till 8th March 2015 (1 year completion) I know LORD YOU ARE GREAT AND ALMIGHTY NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE IN YOUR GREAT HANDS. AMEN
Aren't systems like this supposed to be regularly checked to ensure that all beacons, black boxes and transponder devices are fully operational before all flights? Would seem like SOP to make sure safety and location/tracking systems are checked often.
I'm pretty sure if you surprise audited all US airlines, you'd find similar problems.
we better update our metal detector. with the success we've in landing man on the moon, why is it so hard to find things beneath the sea. true-fact-too that even over the land we still don't have any clue up to now where Amelia Earhardt is or even her plane she had flown some several decades ago. only speculations. she might be still alive until today. no corpse to show that she is dead. who knows she died a normal death.
If the mechanics didn't care about replacing the battery when they were supposed to, how bad is the rest of the maintenance on the plane? Granted the mechanics were probably avionics but is it the culture in the hangar that works on the plane to not care about little details that could lead to big problems?
In my opinion the plane never made that left turn off its course. It continued on & was shot down over China in error. I also believe the Chinese Gov. immieadiatelly conferred with the Maylasia people & concocked the left turn story. Why did the Austrailian Navy only begin their search in the area almost a week late when they had ships in that area. ? Its because by that time the world powers knew the truth & nothing could be done.
The SAR team was looking in the wrong area from day one, the area not searched was the Bay of Bengal and that is where the airliner went down based on remote viewers reports. The SAR was conducted on the South Indian Ocean and precious time was wasted, locating the ping from the black boxes is no longer an option, and if what is left of the body of the airliner is found [in the future] it will be by pure luck.
Typo on next to last line, should read: "what is left of the body of the airliner IF found . . . ."
Why didn't you call them and tell the that in the beginning?
The plane according to Imarsat went south, somewhere in the southern indian ocean, not north which you suggested the bay of Bengal, so you got it all wrong.
Inmarsat reported an airplane flying south, while military radars reported the airliner taking a westerly route over the Andaman Sea and losing contact south of the Nicobar islands.
They couldn't find it with underwater locator beacon in operation. Without the beacon. It's more like a needle in several haystacks. If the plane is found. It will be by accident.
kinda makes me feel all warm and fuzzy knowing all the safety checks they have in place for their passengers.
Having recently read a book about the Vendome Globe single-handed sailboat race from France around the Antarctic and back (!), I can relate that the depths take you farther away from civilization than anyone but astronauts have been. The plane sits down there amid the canyons, intact (a la Hudson River), a perfect ''Night and Fog" terror act. After the captain locked the door behind the co-pilot, and hopefully took everyone to altitude and shut off their pressure to kill them, the only thing the black boxes will record is the captain singing old standards: She'll Be Coming Round The Mountain, and I Love a Parade, and Theme From Shaft. At the time I predicted three generations will pass before they find it. Bet me?
Can you tell me what the winning lottery numbers are tonight since your predictions are so accurate.
it doesn't matter if the beacon had died off or not, they couldn't locate the plane anyway...
At this point it is hard to believe any of the information that has been made public. The plane traveled here (based on a technique not normally used for location). The transponders were off (accidental?) No contact or distress radio calls? Expired data recorder? Not a shred of debris? With what has been presented so far it would seem logical to try another approach in order to solve this mystery. Every time more information is added to the story it seems to lead away rather than to the answer of why the plane and passengers vanished.
Good idea, but Obama has ruined the CIA, We have no human intelligence where we need it most.
the data recorder was not 'expired'. the battery that powers the locator pinger was expired, which doesn't mean it didn't work. You still have to be relatively close to the pinger to be able to detect it. For all we know, it continued to operate for 60 days. Debris could have dispersed between the time that it crashed and when anyone even started looking in the Indian Oceans -- which BTW is 28 million square miles -- very tiny needle in a enormous haystack.
David, you make me laugh! It is a rather sad laugh that you feel compelled to take an international incident (you do know where is took place, right?) and try to make a biased, partisan rant. Sad, indeed.
@David CIA must be a satirical name. Nothing else could explain it.
Hijacked to an undisclosed location for unknown reasons. No cell phone calls from anyone. They must have been collected at gun point. Other things on the Jet deactivated. Someone needed that plane for a future event against an unknown country. That jet did Not crash , it landed. And with all the satellite birds we have in the air , They know where it went , they just can't talk about it.
@Glenda It's at the bottom of the ocean. Two possibilities are reasonable One or both of the muslim Pilots decided to crash killing their cargo of christian passengers. OR A fire in the cabin which meant they had to leave the cabin letting go of all controls and communications. The later is unlikely as the plane changed direction and as fire is unlikely to know how to fly.Also plane cabin fire suppression systems are quite formidable on modern planes. So even if there was a very short lived fire the plane would still be flyable. I'd say the pilots did it.
Glenda - sorry but the plane is miles below the surface of the Indian Ocean. To put it in perspective, it is like looking for a cigar box buried somewhere in the state of Texas.
I love the nut jobs who keep insisting that this plane is intact somewhere and being hidden somehow. Because some entity (insert CIA, KGB, fanatical Muslims, Mossad, ETC) needed a jet for a future false flag operation. Anyone who would've had the means to pull this whopper off would've also had the financial resources to just buy one. Oh, but that takes us away from our conspiracy theories. Darn, I hate living in reality...
The battery was past a date until which it was guaranteed to work for 30 days. But that doesn't mean it still didn't work - it just might not have worked for 30 days. However the other box's battery was current so if they'd been close within 30 days that one should have been audible. They don't believe the transponders being off was accidental. Every shred of evidence they have so far leads to the extremely bizarre conclusion that one of the pilots turned off the locator systems and deliberately flew the plane over the Southern Ocean. People don't want to believe it because it's weird and scary but applying Sherlock Holmes's famous rule, that's what they think happened.
@Sam, that's the point I've made numerous times as well. It's amusing that so many people seem to think they could just set down a 777 in some abandoned farmer's field. And why you'd need a 777 to drop a nuke is beyond comprehension, considering you could fit a number of Enola Gay's inside a single 777.
Alan... There are hundreds if not thousands of abandoned or little used landing strips within range of this airplane. Perhaps the plan is not to drop a bomb but to make the craft a "flying bomb" by installing bladder tanks for flammable substances such as jet fuel (the most logical) and/or gasoline and loading on as much radioactive material as they could round up making it, in essence a "flying dirty bomb". Then for delivery, fly in trail (in its shadow) with a scheduled airliner to its intended destination....Washington, New York etc etc. With a dirty bomb of that size it almost doesn't matter where it explodes as long as it's over "enemy" territory. I'm not a conspiracy theorist by any stretch of the imagination, but even you have to admit that this a possibility, no matter how slim.
"but even you have to admit that this a possibility, no matter how slim. " It's not a possibility because it is so much easier just to buy a plane than to go through all the fantastic James Bond-esque maneuvers to steal one in mid-air. This is just too much TV, too little school....
JoeyV, how dare you interrupt our adolescent conspiracy daydreams! LOL, let's completely ignore the pilots anti-government stance in his personal life. Let's completely ignore that this meticulous planner (of anything he scheduled in advance for himself) had not ONE item on his agenda AFTER March 8th, 2014. Let's completely ignore the fact that in between the jets ACARS system being disabled and its transponders being shut down, we have a tape of Zaharie Ahmad Shah telling ground control "Malaysian 370, goodnight". In other words, things were going dramatically wrong on that aircraft, and he was maintaining a normal facade, at least for the ground crew. You also have to completely ignore how the jet deftly avoided Indonesian airspace, by flying parallel to the coastline just prior to breaking away to its appointment with oblivion in the Indian Ocean. If you can ignore all these things, you're more than capable of ignoring reality as well...
@Leroy, read up on pavement classification numbers. The vast majority of those fields would not support the weight of #$%$ probably true that some of them might have enabled the plane to crash-land to limit casualties, but that doesn't seem to be the point your trying to make. And again, you do not need something the size of a 777 to wreak tremendous havoc. You can buy an old DC3 for a couple hundred K, or a 707 if you've got a bit more budget.
I don't know why Yahoo thought "777" needed to be censored.
Personally, I think it was shot down. Some error or accident caused it to go off course, then was unresponsive, so not knowing if it was hijacked or people were dead on board, someone took it out. Who knows if we'll ever really know. Either way, it's crazy to think that my iphone can be tracked anywhere, but a 777 worth hundreds of millions is lost in teh blink of an eye. We are both large and powerful and tiny and insignificant on this great planet.
Sam - I like your ideas. I think it was taken by ISIS and is presently ferrying new recruits around the world disguised as a red cross plane evacuating Ebola patients.
They discovered this just now. Wow. Talk about incompetent.
It is ridiculous that we are still depending on being able to locate the recorders. That data should be streamed to the ground in real time. Several experts have been saying that for years. Why are airlines relying on decades-old technology? We shouldn't have to "look for" those recorders!
There is not currently enough satellite bandwidth to stream all commercial flight's data. It is very rare that recorders are not recovered quickly. Everything is a cost/benefit tradeoff. Are you willing to pay higher fares so that that the flight data is sent via satellite?
Gary, several aviation experts seem to think it can be done. Even if only the most basic data (location, for example) were streamed, it would prevent situations like this one with the Malaysian flight. And, we already pay higher fares for other good reasons, so yes. It would add very, very little to the cost of each fare.
Are we still talking about this? Give it up, you are never going to find this plane, what a waste of time, money and human resources. We already know it was a deliberate action taken by the pilot. I'm going to give the pilot the benefit of the doubt in that his suicidal and homicidal tendencies drawn from his Islamic faith didn't cloud his judgment as to where he wanted to crash the plane. Any idiot can get out an oceanographic chart showing where all the deep trenches are located, complete with GPS coordinates etc. The pilot found that location and positioned the aircraft in such a way that it would come to rest on the “side” of a deep trench not the “bottom” of a deep trench, making it extremely unlikely that the aircraft would ever be found. He accomplished this beautifully by landing the plane so gently that a debris field from the crash wasn't created, making the location of the crash even more difficult to find. This was superbly done. If you recall, it was well known that he hated the government, so the last thing he wanted to do was to make it easy for the Malaysian government to find the plane crash site. Because the plane is probably resting on the side of a deep trench, you are not going to find the plane there as that is close to impossible!!!!!!!. The idiots within the command and control of this operation have always assumed he would fly the plane in a straight path until the plane crashed from expending all its fuel, YOU IDIOTS!. There is no evidence of that, if so there would be a debris field as you can't gently glide a plane to rest and ditch it on the surface of the ocean like that without creating a sizable debris field. No No No you imbeciles, I'm quite sure it crashed on a near empty tank but only after circling the predesignated crash area until it came close to running out of fuel. It has always amazed me just how stupid officials can be at times, we don't have Columbos but dumbos instead. Still looking for the plane is an exercise in futility.
I am sure that someone will stumble over it just in pure coincidence just like it happened with the plane discovered couple of weeks ago and was missing over fifty years. I feel sorry for the families, not knowing what happened to your loved one or how they died, might eat you up and it may become an obsession. You have to understand that in other countries what people feel is more important than corporate greed justification of losing money.
I do understand that but like the expression says “time heals all wounds”. In some respect bringing up this event in the news a year later can only stir-up more false hope and emotions and what is to be gained? I lost my mother on mother's day, how do you think that makes me feel so I try not to think about it and I certainly don't circle the date on my calender to remind me of that fact. When I heard that the pilot had disabled the flight tracking and communication systems, I knew right then and there that foul play was afoot.
Bradford do you know what sentences are?
We need totally new finder technology that cannot be turned off for ANY reason. That is strong enough to send signals out for the deepest oceans. For many months, if not years. For ALL passenger carriers. No exceptions!
I know some on that told me that they fly the Airbus 300 thru there, and he told me the very next day there is NO WAY they do not KNOW WHERE that plane is at. The 777 in no older than 15 years old, and has it ‘own’ GPS system from the manufacture of the MOTORS as well as the other 3 tracking devices on the plane. He has been flying for decades, and I would believe him, before anyone else.
He's quite correct. ask him about the Thames and Honeywell/Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot systems, and he'll explain HOW it was hijacked by the US government. Tell him it was most likely landed at Veer Savarkar, and I'm sure he'll agree.
Uninterruptible flight control On December 4th of 2006, it was announced that Boeing had won a patent on an uninterruptible autopilot system for use in commercial aircraft. This was the first public acknowledgment by Boeing about the existence of such an autopilot system. The new autopilot patent was reported by John Croft for Flight Global, with the news piece subsequently linked by a Homeland Security News Wire and other British publications around the same time. According to the DHS release, it was disclosed that “dedicated electrical circuits” within an onboard flight system could control a plane without the need of pilots, stating that the advanced avionics would fly the aircraft remotely, independently of those operating the plane: “The “uninterruptible” autopilot would be activated – either by pilots, by onboard sensors, or even remotely via radio or satellite links by government agencies like the Central Intelligence Agency, if terrorists attempt to gain control of a flight deck.”
All commercial 777s have the BUAP system to allow the US government to take control. It's a shame you have to run a background check on your fellow passengers before flying, to make sure there are no US whistleblowers or future court witnesses to government corruption as fellow passengers before you fly.
Supposedly, MH370 went down in the ocean, yet not a single debris of wreckage or body remains has been spotted. Perhaps, it's above ground parked somewhere, not underwater.
Maybe it didn't take off at all?
They had electronic trace of MH370 throughout flight but none after the plane deviated from route plan. There's land based radar all over South Asia, they can't use the excuse it disappeared.
Dam computers... always making 'automated' mistakes without asking a human for instruction!!
I can't understand how come all kind of technologies and so on exist that even they can read my tag number on my car from satellite but can not find one jet plane big enough , something have to be, which we do not know or maybe will never know exactly what happen and where it's located. I feel sorry about the relatives and friends for victims. They will never see them again and buried in properly way .
Malaysian Airlines does not seem to be a diligent maintainer of its fleet. They did not subscribe to the satellite communication engine monitoring service, and they did not replace the batteries in their black boxes when they expired. But I am sure the service is much nicer than on United. ;-)
Being of such critical importance in airliners, are not the black-box batteries being constantly trickle-charged by the aircraft's (APU) auxiliary power unit...and therefore would not render the black-box inoperable? In the event the batteries become useless, would not the APU over-ride the batteries and provide continuous power to the black-box?
The battery they're referring to doesn't power the black box, just the underwater locator beacon. It doesn't activate until it hits the water.
Alan, thanks for that info. Maybe my same idea would work for the beacon.
The Islamic government would not provide correct information until the battery was almost dead. What do you expect? Can you smell Cover-Up?
God bless the souls of the people lost aboard this plane.I feel so sorry for there families who will have no answers to this awful tragedy.Hopefully by some miracle the plane will be located.
No God Bless YOU Jane for you are of the clueless. And the clueless will inherit the earth? Keep up the good work on Oh this is a tradgedy and don't worry your little head over the lies that have been spread for over a year on what happened to this plane and it's innocent people. Start questioning your government, the media and all powers that be. Especially this current government we have on our own soil.
When this plane surfaces it will be no miracle and no blessing, it will be a weapon against a western or European target!
Jane, GOD bless the souls aboard, wherever they may be, but GOD help the entire world if this is an opporation by some country, in collusion with the USA for some nefarious operation of any kind. It all seems so evil!
Aside from the hard work of the initial search (although in the wrong areas) and work of Australia (thinking they have "pings" and then not, which they probably were)...It's unconscionable that nothing of the plane or evidence points to where it is or went down...Witnesses in the S China Sea, the peninsula, and Adanman Islands who both saw a burning plane and also one flying toward the north, and even the possibility of one in shallow waters to the NORTH lend more than passing credence to the NORTHERN ARC that has been terribly ignored.
Confusion and false flags. This plane is intact and inside a heated hanger.
Inside the not-quite heated hanger of your mind, perhaps...
David....how is life in lunatic land for you?
Confusion and some false flags, no doubt. BURNING PLANES LEAVE EVIDENCE!
LOL, David really is a lunatic!
Is this the best that anyone can come up with, the ELT battery is out of date? Even if it was past the recommend change out date the chances of it being bad or not working is really really low. Also it had to have crashed or at least had some serious g-force blow to initiate the beacon. It's somewhat beyond belief that the plane crashed and some debris has not washed up somewhere after a year. There are a whole lot of things on a plane that floats.
The beacons turn on automatically when they get wet. There are no g-meters or anything like that (for the beacon). It's a very simple low technology electric pinger. Technically it is called ULB - Underwater Locator Beacon.
Where could you hide some thing that big and for what purpose?
It's is perfectly believable the plane went down and sank, all of it.
Even if terrorists has the plane, some one some where would say something, the technology and man power it would take to keep some that hidden and keeping it a secret would take a lot of money loyalty, if they are waiting for the heat to die down so they can move it or use it they will be waiting for a long time, the whole world is looking for it and there has to be some sort of a reward for any one that finds it.
It did not crash. Read what I posted 1 year ago.
David, yes it did, and no thanks.
Yo Ben, the planes I fly ALL have ELT units in them. Emergency Locator Beacon. Not everything in the sky is an Airbus. Thank God!
Get real people. It was a mass alien abduction in order for them to progress further in perfecting a hybrid species.
Some of the people commenting here have no awareness of these two important points: 1) A controlled landing would not trigger a debris field. It's possible the pilot suffocated everyone on board (intentionally), but then tried to do a controlled landing in order to escape? 2) The Pacific Ocean is VERY BIG, and VERY DEEP. We just don't have the technology to search for anything at depths below, say, 16,000 ft. Parts of the ocean's depths far exceed that.
If there is not a shred of debris considering all the thousands of things onboard that is buoyant . One has to assume it landed intact somewhere. No other logic can be assumed other than where.? I mean, not one body, one suitcase, one part of the plane, . Many things used to build that aircraft will float forever. Fiberglass, Styrofoam , etc. This is Amelia Earhart , Roswell category . I hope, it is solved in my lifetime.?
If it's at the bottom of the ocean, it could be that very little of it will ever be found on the surface, if any. The ocean is IMMENSE and a great deal of it is almost unknown, believe it or not. There's a whole lot of our planet that we DON'T live on.
Benster, you're a moron. It is in the Indian Ocean,
An ELT and an underwater acoustic beacon are two different devices. The underwater acoustic beacon is water activated.
Irvine, at least I know the difference between your and you're. You're a moron, but you make me laugh!!!! Why would Iran who already has planes hijack this one? You're dumber than a brick. You need to loosen your tin foil hat some, lmmfao!!!!!!!!!
@Jackson... Details, details. All the oceans are connected are they not? Hey twit, if you know where the effin plane is, why don't you don a wetsuit and go retrieve it?
Lmmfao, I don't really care if it is ever found Benster. That is why I don't need a wet suit. It's in the Indian Ocean, twit!!!!!!! Nice try again irvine fan, the only thing you do good is delete your moronic posts. Try harder you moron!!!!!!! Are you going to make me laugh again today?
That reminds me. We set our clock's ahead and so we should put fresh batteries in our smoke alarms, CO2 alarms and our data recorder beacons.
We just don't know what happened other than (1) the plane unexpectedly disappeared and (2) that black box battery life had expired and should have been replaced as part of normal maintenance. Nothing more and nothing less. Anyone that says they know the details of the crash or non-crash is delusional.
Looks like lawyers will have fun with this one!!
Finally....somebody that doesn't think they are smarter than everyone else or think they are a super sleuth like all the conspiracy nut jobs that jump on articles like this just like a cat on a mouse. If we don't know what happened it must be a conspiracy. It can't possibly be that humans just don't know everything. My cell phone company can keep track of my phone so why can't they keep track of an airplane over the vast ocean blah blah blah.
A plane hits the water and NOTHING is found. Think about the two scenarios of a water landing/crash. 1.) The pilots were alive and made a spectacular water landing like the miracle on the Hudson. Then folks would have thrown open doors, donned life rafts and life preservers. The water would eventually wash out purses and seat cushions and even bodies if the plane sunk fast. 2.) The pilots were dead and the plane crashed into the Ocean. Hitting the water from any height above 94 feet is about the same as hitting a concrete wall. The nose cone is made of fiberglass. that would shatter. The tail and wings have many "fairings" to cover moving parts. these would break off. The tail itself could separate and then comes the windshields and plexiglass windows in back. The idea of the airplane crashing and no debris being left behind is almost impossible. So you are left with two scenarios at each end if the spectrum. In both, you have floating debris. Yet NOTHING of this airplane has been found. With ocean currents the way they are, this is nearly impossible. Heck the people in Oregon got to pick up debris from Fukishima! Something is very strange about this "missing" airliner. And the Brits should be embarrassed about spreading the lie of the computer ping simulation. There was never a "ping" from the airplane. The computer figured out a flight path from the last two pings and projected where the next pings would come from (the arc) following a longitudinal axis. The Aussies and everyone else are chasing a ghost....the plane could have gone in any direction including Afghanistan and Madagascar and the Solomon's,
I like Number 1. The pilot was alive but everyone else was dead.
Plz google Indian Ocean... The pure vastness of the place, the currents, the weather.. Im not saying the plane did crash, i really dont know what happened,. Wat i do know is we often overestimate human capability and downplay natures sprawling vastness...
You must never have seen an ocean.
It's not Lake Eerie, for God's sake. You're not going to see any debris wash up for years, if ever.
In today's world when everybody and their dog can be tracked and we're told that this plane could not be tracked? I truly believe something else is going on here with government's knowing quit well what it is. Even if all electronics were turned off still there was no way of tracking this plane? No debris of any kind? That plane is somewhere in one piece,but for what reason? At this point the speculation of the "mother ship" may be in play, I'm sure the UFO crowed are salivating over the possibility.
Boeing has confirmed that they tracked the engine from seattle and have said they believe it is in pakastand
@todd, where did you hear/read that?????
I spoke with a recently retired pilot from a major airline and he said that with all the radars in the area and the orbiting satellites, they know exactly where the plane is and what happened to it.
Stop selling airliners to foreigners. Wait, actually KEEP selling airliners to foreigners, this is pretty damn entertaining.
Just one more glaring fact the airline and government didn't want anyone to know the very folks that were suppose to be following safety guidelines and maintenance practices were not. Looking back, the miss direction in the very beginning and false information released after the aircraft was lost, was designed to hide the fact, the operator of this airline and government officials were more afraid of the public finding out they had screwed up than they were in finding the plane and discovering what happened.
hey dumy! the bodies of mh17 were to far along decomposed than should have been. mh 370 is mh17 get it. do y6our own research and figure out what is going o0n and don't watch your boob tube as it is affecting your rational
There are no accidents... There is only incompetence and negligence.
Well, isn't this just a comforting story? Makes me want to board the next flight to New Zealand, you betcha!
Isn't it interesting not one piece of the plane has been found? Not a seat cushion, or the numerous items that would float to the surface and be spotted sometime! I think either the plane is in an area not searched or the plane is in tact in some hanger by some rogue country.
Well, at least I haven't seen any reports that "the U.S. is responsible". Seems like just about everybody from everywhere these days finds it de rigueur to blame us for just about anything bad that happens.
Yeah, Obama did it. Ask any Fox viewer.
You can see FAUX nonews reporters holding a finger to their earpiece to hear what the producer is telling them to say. "Newscaster, a meteor hit the ground in Siberia today, no one was hurt"; "Producer, see how you can fit blaming Obama into this story."
It was a sad event, by human screw-ups. No Aviation system is on top of things like the U.S., and then that can be improved. With GPS today, every aircraft can be detected immediately upon calling a Mayday, and in this case, should have been checked before 17 minutes. A theory will come up, and someday it will be located, but until then, it is sad for the families. The airlines handled it poorly from day one. They don't experience the accident U.S. Carriers have gone through but they could have learned and be aware of them. Sad event, and now the battery was not even current?
Why is the MH17 investigation being stalled? No evidence of anything. All the world's newspapers are blaming Russia and no official conclusive investigation has been released. Putin shot down the plane. The Rebels shot down the plane. Yeah, of course. And yes, they are stalling, things like the Air-to-Air missile pieces are notoriously difficult to hide.
How can any airline in todays high risk of terrorism fly an airplane without any tracing abilities. This is unbelievable.
I have batteries in the basement that are over 10 years old and they still work so the expiration date is just a formality.
All of this could have been avoided if an emergency locator beacon could have been released to float to the surface that would have given the searchers a good idea where to look.
None of these conspiracy theories hold water. If someone holding the plane, the person/organization is sure spending a lot of time and resource hiding it. They even wrote books to make a buck. Investigators have focused on the MH370 pilot and have not publicly mentioned their findings.
Look how long and patiently Bin Landen and his crew waiting and carefully planned 9/11. I do not think this plane will be used as a weapon until Obama is out of office and safe on vacation somewhere far away from where it will strike!
The aircraft was hijacked remotely by the US government using the anti-terrorist Honeywell/Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot system on board all 777s. It was likely remotely landed at Veer Savarkar civilian/military airport that night/morning, directly where it was headed when it left Malaysian primary radar. It zig-zaged and flew computer waypoints until it was off radar, an established fact. When it left Malaysian radar,it was already in range from Veer in India. NO one seems to mention this fact. It was not under human control, and never made a left toward the Indian Ocean. Our government, media, investigators and "experts just happened to forget tell the public about this system and that is the only way it could have been hijacked given the facts. That's because theUS Pwentagon is the only one with all the BUAP codes and the encrypted satelllites to covertly send them and take control of the plane. I guess the US government doesn't want the public to know that they can take control of the commercial aircraft you're in anytime they want to, right out of the pilot's hands. They can crash it, reroute it, or fly you around in circles if they want to. It all depends on who is on that aircraft with you. You're just collateral damage. The BUAP and Thames anti-terroist systems are a great feature, unless your government are the terrorists, as the case is here in Flight MH370.
go look up Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot in Wiki morons. It's written on a fifth grade Mickey Mouse scale you two might be able to understand.
Maduro told you about the system, this must be part of the coup the US gov't is planning in Venezuela.
I knew about this system when they were developing it in the 90s, after discussion the need and technology in the 1980s after the PLO hijackings. As soon as computers were small enough and "fly by wire" was established, these anti terrorist systems were right behind them in development. All 777s have them. The older ones were retrofitted already.
@Maserati, You mad bro? Your one creepy dude!
Wiki: "The Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot (BUAP), is a system designed to take control of a commercial aircraft away from the pilot or flight crew, chiefly in the event of a hijacking, and allow the craft to be remotely controlled to a landing at a designated airstrip. The action can be initiated either by crew or by government entities on the ground." I live in a country of illiterate morons.
at some point you are just #$%$ away money continuing a pointless search. we have probably gone beyond the time when this is a waste of tem. I am a passenger of jets but it would be far more useful to implement some of the lessons we have already learned from this than to continue wasting time a fuel and putting people at risk looking
LOOK IN PAK-a-terrorist, inside a hanger, on an airfield with a long runway!. That is where people in the know said it went. WE HAVE NO HUMAN INTELL now, thanks to Obama!
But the batteries for smoke detectors in bathrooms are changed weekly.
What an ordeal this must be for the families. I feel awful for them.
External mounted GPS locator beacons with no cockpit interface will have to be mandated for all aircraft in the future!
wasn't there a plane crash about 1997 into some 'factory' in Tawain that nobody had a flight or aircraft registered back then, maybe re-evaluate possible causes, et, electro-magnetic, add maybe an ET tried to superfit an airliner with warp drive and thats' why they quit going that way but decided to keep watching WWIII sortof flop as WW go comparatively.
It will take a while for the authorities to complete a painstaking process of elimination to ascertain whether or not one of the world's infamous aviation mystery actually part of the international organized crime going badly! (sic). Let's just hope everything turn out for the best in terms of the final closures for the victims' families in agony---they will the answer more than anything else!
Crime ....? The Pilot was know to like terrorists. Of COURSE, nobody wants to admit that "officaly."
Would this tragedy have happened if I had been piloting the plane? I doubt it.
I would have told you early on they won't find that plane. My condolences to family and friends of those lost forever at sea.
BS, if the locator battery expired then the locator DOES NOT WORK ANYMORE, no matter how good a condition it is in!
Did the Australian military detect a commercial airliner, MH370, in its radar last year?
The recommend battery life had expired. Operating properly., made no difference. Isn't that as much news as Driver runs Red Light and crashes into elephant. Tail light of the auto had mud on it.
The disappearnce of this aircraft with all the souls is probably the mystery of the century. With all the technology we have to date planes do not just disappear.
the airline most likely knew about the battery from the beginning, it's called cover up.
Just a distraction. Now people are focusing on a battery.
it is very irritating that aircraft still transport hundreds of kilos of dangerous lithium ion batteries in their cargo bays even though we know that those batteries can self ignite and are extremely dangerous. Ship them on maritime vessels; or is time more important than lives??
Nail on the head. Perhaps it is these very expired batteries that caused the downed flight? We know that lithium batteries are very dangerous when they are fully dead. It's possible that these very batteries caught fire and downed the plane.
The shipped batteries were newly manufactured. The battery in the CDR for the locator beacon was the one expired.
certain airlines no longer allow lithium ion batteries to be shipped in cargo.
An expired battery is not a dead battery. These things have change-by dates like everything else does, and those dates. I assume, have a big margin of safety. Of course, since the beacon would have been active underwater for a year at this point, it is surely dead by now, so it is moot. But it was likely working for the days after the crash.
Yep, wonder how people have expired batteries in use and they are still working.
When they say the transponder was turned off that just means that they no longer had a signal. It could mean that the plane was having electrical trouble that the pilots were not aware of. Have you ever had a phone call where you said hello over and over again? If something in the cargo bay burned through some of the wiring it could cause havoc.
Forget the battery - how come no wreckage of any kind was found?
because the ocean is big. Sometimes I wonder if people know just how vast the ocean is...
If this airline's maintenance program was so poor that they would let this item be out of date for a year, then who knows what other maintenance items were neglected. It sounds to me like criminal charges are warranted.
Agree completely- if they can't change a battery on schedule, what else have they screwed up?
poor or not, they do not crash intentionally as done by its muslim pilots.
Agree. Remember, there is no national safety board and no inspectors to make random checks so these unscrupulous airlines just keep flying for the money and not the safe service. That is last in the area of concern for those cheapskates. I blame the flying public for not refusing to fly those airlines. They get what they bargain for; cheap flights.
Yes, the maintenance crew must be held responsible for not adhering to proper maintenance schedules & probably creating damage to properties and loss of lives!! Why is it that there's no mention of an investigation on the probability/ies of passenger's individual/combined usage of their respective electronic equipment/computers that 'Disturbed ' the plane's software program during flight or that the plane's computer software itself which is instrumental in the plane's flight maybe at fault?
Seriously? You think someone didn't obey the flight attendants telling them to turn off their electronic devices and that screwed up the plane and caused the disaster? Maybe they had their tray tables not in the secure-and-upright position as well, and that contributed to it.
The longer the search for fragments of the plane of flight MH370, the greater the weight version that was attended by in a terrorist act reconnaissance Pentagon, Russian GRU, Tel Aviv, Holland, Germany, Poland, Ukraine, Australia, Malaysia, Afghanistan, of the crew of the aircraft. Kabul airport is the last frontier of destruction of abandoned by crew the aircraft of flight MH17 using rockets "Taliban", which just in this day have stated an their complaints on this airside. Therefore the training flight MH370 was blown up at a maximum distance from the areas of search. Therefore satellites of reconnaissance (accomplices genocide) should were necessarily take a photograph of the sheered flight.
That made absolutely no sense whatsoever. You may have been having a stroke while writing that. .
The meaning of an act of terrorism to undermine the airplane flight MH17 by thermobaric explosion is genocide species HomoSapiens, and, above all, the remnants of the peoples of Jesus Christ in Ukraine (in particular - in the Crimea). The explosion of the airplane MH370 is training, with disabling radio beacons of "black boxes" (well - an act of genocide). On the one hand, the zionists-fascists exterminated the best specialists in HIV infection, who investigated of the genetic selectivity of this disease, which is "spared" the Jews, Jewish Aryan, Armenians, Jewish Huns. It is these specialists must was to pay attention of mankind that Ebola has the same properties. On the other hand, the zionists-fascists have exacerbated genocide in Ukraine. The zionist-fascist gang Merkel-Hitler-Weizmann (non-residents of Europe, not created by the Creator) has lowered euro on 40% for genocide, and requires of zionists-fascists of the United States to do the same. What sense in it? To kill the last 39% of the true Americans and true Australians (?%).
I have had batteries run for years past their expiration date...
First time I heard of 500 pounds of lithium ion batteries on board. Cool tech, but unstable, they DO burn up from time to time, severely, at insane temps. The whole Tesla battery problem is due to this instability using the same batteries. No way they should have loaded these onto a passenger plane. Solves the mystery right there for me, the batteries became unstable and combusted, though the battery makers and big money will be doing everything to make sure this is not the focus, and will drag the "investigation" out for as long as it takes. Bringing pointless headlines....like, how redundant backup batteries of another brand cant hold a charge.
Out of touch mark. This theory was discussed early on by people. Credible theory.
I had heard about the batteries from the start of the search. Apparently batteries are shipped on planes all the time without incident.
The batteries are a theory that i`ve read about also and it is a possibility. I like the idea that the muslim pilot was committing jihad better. That makes the most sense.
That plane is probably repainted and all serial numbers on equipment changed. Could be flying for Iran-Air or some other muslim airline.
A UPS cargo plane crashed attempting to return to Dubai airport when some lithium-ion batteries caused a fire a few minutes after takeoff. It crashed on to a military base killing the 2 person crew. If Lithium-Ion batteries failed, most likely it would have brought the plane down shortly after it happened and know continue to fly for hours.
First off, every person on the plane had a celphone in their pocket and those all had various forms of Lithium batteries powering them. They don't 'explode' that often and usually only when being charged. Secondarily, and probably should have said this first.. if the batteries HAD ignited somehow, then the plane would have crashed near where the batteries caught fire.. presumably off the East coast of Malaysia. Instead the plane apparently turned and flew back over Malayia, then turned North, then turned West, and finally headed out over the ocean towards Australia... that is not the behaviour of an airplane that is on fire. Airplanes on fire just go down.
I hate to say this, because any mystery like this makes a tragedy even worse for the family and friends of the victims, however, the search for this jet has long ago become a fool's errand. Australia's Abbott should recall the many resources allotted to this mission. It is doing nothing more than make Australia look ineffectual. And, the Australians could do many other productive things with the hundreds of millions Australia is squandering on the search.
It was remote hijacked……… boeing has a chipset that allows takeover of the autopilot system from a remote location. This information is not being reported for obvious reasons, by does exist. Our reality is nothing more than a Lie.
Seems to be some confusion about the battery. The black box runs off the planes electrical system. The battery is for the "pinger" that helps locate it in the event of a crash. So now it seems that the pinger may not have made a single pinger.
Right, which is technically a bad thing but practically it probably didn't make much difference since they were still trying to figure out where to look after 30 days.
In 20 years someone will see the airplane once all the mud is washed away, but how many relatives will be alive to mourn their loss?
The odds that the plane went anywhere other than down after it disappeared from radar are very slim. It probably burned up that is why there is no debris.
As Geo mentioned, the fact that the pilots wife moved out of the house with children is a red flag. Hopefully they're tracking her and all communication so if the pilot, with $10 mil. payoff in the bank gives her a call, they locate him. It's common practice for intelligence agencies who locate active suspects to wait and see who they connect with before arresting them. Authorities may be tracking the plane and waiting to see who plans a terrorist act with the plane. Then that country gets a 'visit'. If as some mentioned the plane did land in Pakistan or Kazakhstan, they could try to sneak it up to North Korea, then over the Pacific to try and get into US airspace and set off an EMT mid-air. This would destroy the U.S. electronic/communications network. Step #2; coordinated, unfriendly nations trigger submarine-launched nuclear missiles on the USA. The list of nations and terrorist groups that hate the USA is growing. U.S. financial policy and motives for some wars are not what they should be, but the U.S. has still been a beacon of light and stability in the world affairs. I hope I'm wrong, but I believe it's time for the people in the USA to learn how to pray and to prepare.
PS- Sorry for misspelling; I meant EMP, electro-magnetic pulse device
It's ok, we understand it's hard to spell when your tin foil hat fits a little too tightly.
Those damn tin foil hats are now produced in china so ofcourse they dont fit well... If ANY sub comes within 200miles (heard its even further out, classified info) of not just US but the whole of north america, it would be detected and destroyed. For all the #$%$ the world talks abt the US they end to forget we are the worlds leader in technology, weaponry, satellite tech and weaponized systems. Only god knows what kind of crazy, futuristic weapons 1trillion a year for decades can get you... Atom bomb, stealth, icbms, stealth boats/subs, rail guns, lasers, electronic warfare,...goes on and on... Also dont forget the financial control
Why hasn't anyone mentioned the Four patent holders being Chinese nationals hailing from the Chinese city of Suzhou, along with 16 other employees of the same company, on that plane, headed for a conference on a break-thru research on invisible cloaking military devices. Guess the remaining 23rd patent holder who wasn't on the plane, Rothchilds, is now the sole owner.
Spoilers!....It's because the movie hasn't been released yet!....But I'll wait for it to go to DVD.
No one lands on Diego Garcia or approaches unauthorized without certain death.
I always believed airlines from developing nations fudged maintanance. only a hunch so I never fly those type of airlines. I was a airplane mechanic for a few years. there are checklists at various points in airplane's life. Checking that battery is on the list, in fact EVERYTHING IS ON A CHECKLIST.
If a battery was found out of date. That is strong enough evidence to suggest that their might have other function that might have been likewise neglected. Other airlines please take note.
A few observations - -- Because the battery was out of date code does not mean it did not work for intended for the full 30 days these are rated for. Try leaving a battery on the shelf a year past its expiration date and then using it - works fine, doesn't it? -- If I owned an airline, I would ban acceptance of lithium ion batteries as cargo. The revenue just cant be worth the risk...
The theory is it was hijacked and all the people were either killed or used for a reason. The plane was either used for other parts or whatever they what to use it for, including smuggling terrorist into other countries to allow them to carry out mission of destruction against Gov. of our nations .
Folks the batteries on the black boxes should send information for YEARS, not 30 days, sorry, that shows you how far away from battery powered vehicles we are doesn't it folks? If the batteries can not last days instead of 6 hours in your battery powered vehicle, how in the H is that going to replace a gasoline powered model? Getting back to the Search. Folks that ocean is over a mile deep, and the search area is the Size of Australia itself. Close you eyes and think I could put the little speck anywhere in Aussie and you have to find it? How long do you think that would take? Now I am going to have you close your eyes and I am going to put in under water, oh lets see about 50 Feet deep, you have divers goggles on, Now How Long do you think its going to Take?
Try 2-3 miles deep depending on the terrain down there. But there is no way that plane could have ended up in the ocean fully intact without breaking up and scattering debris.
Z, as a former international air line flight safety staff I find it really mysterious that no part of MH370 has ever washed up somewhere. NOT ONE SOMETHING from a 100 tons of possible items! HUMmm?
The battery in the recorders beacons are NOT designed to last for YEARS operating!!! They are only designed to operate the underwater locator beacon (ULB) for approximately 30 days!!! The battery is located inside the ULB. The ULB itself is about the length of 2 D cell batteries but slightly larger diameter. So the internal battery is about the size of a single D cell battery. Now to the article. The batteries are designed to maintain enough power in a charged state to last 5 years without going below a certain level of charge. IE in 5 years they are supposed to have enough energy stored to operate the ULB for approximately 30 days! So even though the article insinuates the battery was not operating because the information came out the battery date was expired is not necessarily true. The battery in actuality did have sufficient charge and was operating the ULB until it did actually ran out of power. The battery / beacon combination in question has been used for years and years and years in all sorts of planes / recorders and is very reliable. BTW, the CVR and DFDR uses the same battery / ULB. Most recorders use the same ULB / battery.
Those devices were disabled, period. A lot of knowledge and good flying made it "disappear." But it will be back. Maybe with a new transponder coming to a city near you, with a NUKE payload. And, then Obama will blame BUSH.
Salt Water will destroy a Battery.
Have you noticed that MH17 was conveniently forgotten. The one which was shot over Ukraine by Ukraine.
After he Air France crash, in which it took two years to locate the wreckage, it should have been made compulsory for the black boxes to detach/float on impact...... Now one year after this loss, it is still not compulsory. What is wrong with the authorities ??
How would they detach and float if they're embedded in the plane? Those portions of the plane would need to break apart for the detachment and floating to take place.
You must be assuming that the people who made it were thinking about people first ....HA HA HA!
Maylasia had filed a complaint against Israel with the ICC. Motorola is an Isreali firm. Lithium batteries are now prohibited cargo on many international carriers. Go figure.
"In late January, Malaysia's government formally declared the incident an accident" How was this an accident? Everything they have released to the public shows this was deliberate deviation from the flight plan to a course that had no possibility of landing safely. There has been nothing released that suggest anything was an accident, it was all very intentional. I know they want to limit liabilities but to say it was an accident makes no sense at all.
I think they call it "saving face" against their incompetence or cover-up (take your pick)
They should have floating beacons that will allow searchers to find the general location of the crash in addition to the ones in the airplane. That way a satellite could locate it in seconds, instead of days, months or years of searching.
The locater beacon only went off in a crash or water landing, after it was landed on dry land that was not going to happen.
L.C. , The beacon only starts transmitting when it is underwater. Thats why it is called an Underwater Locator Beacon (ULB). If the airplane crashes on land the beacon doesn't do anything!
Beth, I said locater beacon, not the ULB as being used. The beacon is actually an ELT (Emergency Locator Transmitter) and it is activated, either automatically in a crash or after sinking, or manually by survivors of an emergency situation.
L.C. ,Sorry, so many people are making comments about the 'black boxes', the ULB and are getting facts mixed with fiction and since the article was about the expired battery in the ULB I thought that your comment was about the ULB on the crash recorder. Is the ELT ejected when it is activated?
The aliens are pretty clever. I hope I don't get abducted and eaten - A plane crash would of been better!
I talked to a an airline pilot last week, and asked what he thought, and he said it was definitely the pilot or co-pilot. One took the other out, shut off the transponder, then flew the plane in a tragectory that maximized the fuel length. They flew it to the deepest part of the ocean and ditched it.
I thought things such as the battery were supposed to have regular inspections/replacement schedules. Am I wrong thinking that?
Business managers are always looking for ways to reduce costs, including maintenance. There's often a bonus system in place to encourage that with very little accountability.
I did a little research, and looked this up. "Countries with most airline crashes", "Airline with most crashes", "worst airline crashes in History", and a few more. Of the top 10 worst airline crashes in History........USA has 3 on the list. Airlines with most deadly crashes, United and American Airlines. In 10 years, of all crashes,80% were caused by Pilot error. Airlines by manufacturer, Boeing 232 Airbus 76. Really dont mean much, have to look at # of planes, # of flights, etc. I fly once or twice a week, usually internationally, have for over 25 years. Nothing up there is really safe, its mostly computer controlled mechanical equipment, with some human intervention. Parts, even tho they look good at inspection, fail. Pilots are people and make errors. I am an ex-Navy Pilot and "I hate flying".......I hate work too, but always had to show up on time.
I have an idea for a new commercial. Have the Eveready bunny traveling along the floor of the Indian Ocean looking for the missing plane.
I remember hearing an audio tape that had the pings from the black boxes. The ping frequency was exactly what the boxes were supposed to emit. How has this ever been explained ?
A little bird told me the Chinese faked a signal because they wanted to see the capabilities of western sonar technology. I'm not kidding. That's why they made their little initial faux pas, but that nobody took the bait. So they trolled back up closer to the search area, and then all of sudden somebody got a signal.
There are TWO black boxes with locator beacons. The batteries had expired in ONE of the TWO. The pings would have been from the other black box.
This is way unsolved. Experts have no credible evidence.
I just had a post deleted, now I know my theory is correct. Thanks big brother for deleting but you cannot surpress the TRUTH.
I guess the one thumbs down was from a democrat, they cannot stomach the TRUTH!
I called my aunt in Hongkng to wish her a happy womens day on 8th March, my aunt said an aeroplane just above Hongkong had disappeared, then i just kept on listening and watching CNN, the announcement was the flight was delayed in beijing but had landed in China one and half hour later it is in China . then onwards the mixed signals came: we lost contact, there was no contact, the plane did not land in China, the contact was lost after 40 minutes into the flight, Goodnight three seven zero were the last words spoken before losing contact. look here: a) the battery pings can be created by a false blackbox, location can be false too. B).... mobile phone which claimed belonging to the co-pilot could have been salvaged and taken to Penang and on there so it could record the tower. Any mobile phone can automatically turn on anywhere where there is a tower sensor, as long as the battery is in the phone, c). no debris found till date d). no bodies found e). logically if a stray plane goes past anywhere, it has to be shot my military in order to protect it from jet crashing into a building like the sept 2001 twin tower Newyork incident. this time it could be the other way round: as long as both parties are lodging the claim please go ahead and salvage it rather than destroying 200 million dollars in mid air. here both: MAS malaysian air gets the full compensation the passenger families (kin exisiting legal heirs) get 150,000 USD per passenger compensaition part is taken care of the pirates no matter who
believe it or not but there was a time when Islamic culture valued and extolled religious tolerance and science stood equal to faith and superstition. Those times are long gone and Christianity is wading into the same decomposing swamp.
The plane is hidden in the emails Hillary hasn't released.
How stupid mto keep searching for a plane that never crashed! The passengers were put to sleep with a gas ( then killed) and the plane was flown to the Muslim country of Indonesia where it will eventually be used as a :bomb" against the U.S.
Only one thing will find this plane and that is if all countries of the world do all their submarine exercises in the area and look out for the planes sonar reading. They could share their data on where they've searched already.
And who will pay for this exercise? There are only a few countries that have the resources to even attempt this, and their submarines are for military defense uses. It costs real money to send subs out on a search mission.
They go out on pointless exercises all the time. The go to sea for months at a time.
The underlying meaning is very clear and simple here: Whether through accident or intent, there are airline companies out there who don't care much about compromising passenger safety, given this ostensible disregard of safety regulations or a desire to cut costs, or both, at seemingly no risk whatsoever in their eyes. Disgusting and very, very criminal.
Of course it's criminal, but this is the fault of the country itself which refuses to install such things as government safety boards that would govern such things. However, knowing how things work in those countries, corruption would soon be the rule of thumb even for such agencies. They have no scruples.
The Plane was hijacked and diverted and should be treated as such until proven other wise.
And these records weren't available when it happened? How much money was spent on Malaysia's cover up? Are they going to reimburse everyone for searching for their screw-up?The airline shouldn't be shut down, the whole country should be shut down for incompetence and corruption.
Many with weak minds apply a dreamt up magical conclusion to the flight but in all reality it is somewhere at the bottom of the ocean.
Most Asean nations know of this story - whether it is true or NOT, MH370 as one Australian private sector disclosed it, said, it was hijacked by 5 CIA persons - reasonably believable as the transponders were systematically disabled. All passengers were killed by lack of Oxg when it was flied to higher attitude. Then, it was flew to Diego Garcia where valuable military cargo was unloaded and the plane discarded somewhere. During that period, no US personnel was allowed to take leave according to that news. USA was keeping uiet and letting Aussie to fool the world with a wild goose chase. In 2014, Obama visited Malaysia with nothing or deal signed. Then, Najib came to Hawai to play golf in Hawaii when Malaysia was having big flood. All these may be rumours or just speculations but they do make some sense.
I'm a conspiracy theorist... Anything is possible. And we all know this plane did not crash. Just like Sandy Hook. A hoax.
I'm sorry, Sulu, this doesn't make any sense to me.
I'm sure it makes sense to you Sulu. The rest of humanity however probably doesn't believe what you think makes sense though.
I'm sure it makes sense to you Sulu. The rest of humanity however probably doesn't believe what you think makes sense though.
Likely made little difference since they were still trying to figure out where to look at the end of 30 days.
This plane didn't just "disappear". You cant tell me that the warmongering all seeing eye of the 'Merikan Empire, Inc didn't have a satellite or tracking radar that watched alot more of that plane's flight path than what is known. Seeing as there was 30 Chinese engineers on board, I dont discount any scenario.
The next tsunami will throw it onto an Indonesian beach. That's the only chance that we'll ever have to find it.
Zaharie was not depressed, he had no marital problems, he was not socially isolated or withdrawn. He had no extremist political views. He had no life insurance policy and no grudge against his employer. All you "EXPERTS" who blame him are really signalling the fact you don't understand the complexities of this bizarre loss and have settled for an easy cop-out of blame the pilot.
You are saying: no marital problems. Another commenter ( above ) says his wife moved out the day before. What's true? It should be easy to verify such simple facts.
This is really starting to stink, excuses, excuses. First they heard a faint ting, then nothing. A year later we find the battery expired. I still say it was hijacked by Islamic Terrorists and flown to A#$%$hanistan or Pakistan, passengers beheaded and the plane to be used at a later date for Terrorism purposes. This plane will NEVER be found in the Ocean on the bottom. What about the sub that goes down to 35,000 feet? Still cannot find it, what a load of BS.
Strange that pallets of lithium batteries surfaced, but nothing else? And yes, lithium batteries were found floating. Not widely known. What are they doing on a passenger plane? These are not benign.
You need a citation to back up your false claim
Sorry Bob, not false, and wasn't in print. Do some research. If it were not open source, I wouldn't know it either.
H8, You probably won't. Not something that would raise a red flag to most people.
Conspiracy theories are a dime a dozen. The real world runs on facts...not made up fantasies. I doubt that a pallet of lithium batteries would even float.
Conspiracy theories are a dime a dozen. The real world runs on facts...not made up fantasies. I doubt that a pallet of lithium batteries would even float. If the cargo hold burst enough to empty out pallets of batteries, what about all the rest of its contents? Suicases, tc all float much better than batteries. Your 'report' does not pass the sniff test
Makes me feel so confident flying asian airlines. Just strap in, say goodbyes (literally) and hope for the best. They should really pay the passengers for the hours of stress needed to get through a flight, knowing the aviation history of the company.
I have seen a couple of conspiracy theories alluded to on here - one by @ Seal Team 6 R Heros and another by @David. Pretty oblique references there. Care to expand them?
I'm going with lithium ion battery instability coverup. These things if they combusted would have nearly vaporized the plane with 500 pounds in rapid order, with littlewarning. (check out Tesla car videos of when they go...they melt thru the metal and into the road, the fires are very hard to extinguish.) First time I heard of these on the passenger plane, and with a mention of sidestepping security to boot. Certainly would hurt alot of business if the world knew they made planes disappear, while they try to push people driving the kids around with them.
The lithium-ion battery Pioneer work with the lithium battery began in 1912 under G.N. Lewis but it was not until the early 1970s when the first non-rechargeable lithium batteries became commercially available. lithium is the lightest of all metals, has the greatest electrochemical potential and provides the largest energy density for weight. Attempts to develop rechargeable lithium batteries failed due to safety problems. Because of the inherent instability of lithium metal, especially during charging, research shifted to a non-metallic lithium battery using lithium ions. Although slightly lower in energy density than lithium metal, lithium-ion is safe, provided certain precautions are met when charging and discharging. In 1991, the Sony Corporation commercialized the first lithium-ion battery. Other manufacturers followed suit. The energy density of lithium-ion is typically twice that of the standard nickel-cadmium. There is potential for higher energy densities. The load characteristics are reasonably good and behave similarly to nickel-cadmium in terms of discharge. The high cell voltage of 3.6 volts allows battery pack designs with only one cell. Most of today's mobile phones run on a single cell. A nickel-based pack would require three 1.2-volt cells connected in series. Lithium-ion is a low maintenance battery, an advantage that most other chemistries cannot claim. There is no memory and no scheduled cycling is required to prolong the battery's life. In addition, the self-discharge is less than half compared to nickel-cadmium, making lithium-ion well suited for modern fuel gauge applications. lithium-ion cells cause little harm when disposed. Despite its overall advantages, lithium-ion has its drawbacks. It is fragile and requires a protection circuit to maintain safe operation. Built into each pack, the protection circuit limits the peak voltage of each cell during charge and prevents the cell voltage from dropping too low on discharge. In addition, the cell temperature is monitored to prevent temperature extremes. The maximum charge and discharge current on most packs are is limited to between 1C and 2C. With these precautions in place, the possibility of metallic lithium plating occurring due to overcharge is virtually eliminated. Aging is a concern with most lithium-ion batteries and many manufacturers remain silent about this issue. Some capacity deterioration is noticeable after one year, whether the battery is in use or not. The battery frequently fails after two or three years. It should be noted that other chemistries also have age-related degenerative effects. This is especially true for nickel-metal-hydride if exposed to high ambient temperatures. At the same time, lithium-ion packs are known to have served for five years in some applications. Manufacturers are constantly improving lithium-ion. New and enhanced chemical combinations are introduced every six months or so. With such rapid progress, it is difficult to assess how well the revised battery will age. Storage in a cool place slows the aging process of lithium-ion (and other chemistries). Manufacturers recommend storage temperatures of 15°C (59°F). In addition, the battery should be partially charged during storage. The manufacturer recommends a 40% charge. The most economical lithium-ion battery in terms of cost-to-energy ratio is the cylindrical 18650 (size is 18mm x 65.2mm). This cell is used for mobile computing and other applications that do not demand ultra-thin geometry. If a slim pack is required, the prismatic lithium-ion cell is the best choice. These cells come at a higher cost in terms of stored energy. Advantages • High energy density - potential for yet higher capacities. • Does not need prolonged priming when new. One regular charge is all that's needed. • Relatively low self-discharge - self-discharge is less than half that of nickel-based batteries. • Low Maintenance - no periodic discharge is needed; there is no memory. • Specialty cells can provide very high current to applications such as power tools. Limitations • Requires protection circuit to maintain voltage and current within safe limits. • Subject to aging, even if not in use - storage in a cool place at 40% charge reduces the aging effect. • Transportation restrictions - shipment of larger quantities may be subject to regulatory control. This restriction does not apply to personal carry-on batteries. • Expensive to manufacture - about 40 percent higher in cost than nickel-cadmium. • Not fully mature - metals and chemicals are changing on a continuing basis.
Most US airlines will no longer carry shipments of Lithium batteries in cargo because of the danger of an uncontrollable fire. Also, F/A training now includes special ways to handle a fire caused by the overheating of a passenger's computer.
Who has anything more than a theory? There are too many coincidences about this flight to point to an accident. There is really no evidence to say for sure that it even crashed at all. I don`t have a theory but don`t be surprised if this plane innocently flys out of nowhere to a populated place and is used to perform a terrorist act of epic proportions.
One year later and the new conspiracy theory is that three russians made the plane disappear with false pings! Now the plane goes north and lands to some northern country!? Has the thought of Somalia or ISIS crossed anybodies mind? If the plane was going west over Indonesia and nobody is flying the plane, so nobody steering either, makes sense the plane headed west toward somalia. still in fuel range to make landfall. hmmm
How about the plane flew to another country? The government wouldn't want that to do made known so they are out in the water looking for something that isn't there to let people think the plane sank. Why were there never anything from that plane on the water? No way would that plane not have broken up if it crashed., And seats float and many other things, I wonder if they aren't doing a big cover up.
Do you have any idea at all how BIG the ocean actually is? It's not a lake.
The ocean is huge but do you have any idea how big a plane is and then to disappear without a trace of anything??
I don't know how big a black box is.. But I'm guessing it's pretty small. The pings emitted from it lasts 30 days. My question is.. Why don't they make it the size of a large refrigerator and pack it full of very powerful batteries that will ping very loudly and for as long as a year? Maybe even attach airbags to it so at point of impact they would deploy and keep it floating on the surface of the water.
Space for one thing and weight also something that large can cause more auxiliary damage to itself and other things on board in a crash just a few reasons that come to mind among many
I don't think weight is an issue, but perhaps damaging other things and itself is. So put it in an armor plated metal box and mount it on the outside of the plane somewhere near the rear.. So when the plane hits water.. Or land.. The box is left behind as the plane does its thing. There has to be something better than the current system.
The better question is why aren't all aircraft surveilled by satellite? There's a company called Google who can take such clear resolution of my house that my lilac bushes are evident, it seems somebody has the tech to track aircraft..of all stripes. I remember something about extra security available from the manufacturer, some tracking device the manufacturer could install but Malaysia didn't go for the price. This should not be optional. Whose paying Australia to map the ocean around them? I'm guessing the US is helping out there, too.
I agree totally. Also I fly quite a bit and the tv that is mounted behind the headrest of the seat in front of you has a channel that you can click on to see your flights progress across the various states. So I know where I am.. And that's just for passenger comfort.. They need an upgrade from that that tells someone where I am if I crash.
Trouble is, tim, all the good ideas in the world mean nothing if these unscrupulous airlines will not use them. They are cheapskates and they don't have national safety boards to contend with so they get by on doing the least possible things. Safety is the first to suffer. If the flying public in those other countries would simply refuse to use those airlines, the safety would improve. OVERNIGHT! But those people are like sheep and they don't seem to know enough to demand better service from these cheapskates. If one pilot refuses to fly because of a safety issue, there are ten others to take his place. l
How about this! The US Government knows exactly where the airliner is. Problem is: If they tell the world, then bad guys will know we have satellite coverage where they think we don't. Hence, the location of MH 370 will remain a secret or until the stealth satellites are discovered and made public.
Did they check George Bush's ranch in Crawford TX? He was a pilot like his dad. I bet he took the plane so he could have Asian slaves and concubines. He is a Republican you know, they are like that. I bet this is all George Bush's fault. These people are all just plain crazy extremists.
Another lie about this whole incident. Hopefully not too much of our tax dollars were wasted on the search for silence.
Not sure how people thumb down this. The airline lied to everyone from the get go. THey knew the battery was dead.
One year past the expiration date is no big deal. Unless the batteries were defective they would have easily met the 30 day signal requirement. Some day they will find the plane. It may be a 100 years from now but it will be found. I hope that it is found sooner for the sake of the relatives so they can finally know what happened.
If there was ever a conspiracy story, this one has ALL the makings, from changing radar data to spending weeks looking in a place they knew the plane didn't go down at to eyewitness accounts of spotting the plane flying over land they say are wrong, to saying they picked up pings in deep ocean that now would have had to come from dead batteries...sorry, but this thing does has all the makings of a conspiracy story...
Expired batteries = poor maintenance. Lawyers are lining up. Enough said.
The battery "expired?" Or, had it just passed the manufacturer's recommended service life? That equipment is generally very conservatively rated, and would be replaced long before failure.
mh 370 is mh 17 over Ukraine. as Dutch media announced the coroner said many bodies far beyong normal decomposed. that is why no one was allowed near the plane for so long. to help cover up the decomposed bodies from mh 370 which were very decomposed by the time mh 17 came down.
So you are saying the there were two crashes in one at the site of MH17 crash. That is crazy. And a few years ago I would say that was impossible but the whole world has gone crazy in the past few years. So maybe not so crazy now days.
Friends and family that want the Government to continue searching need to start footing the bill. It is easy for them to demand it, it is another for them to contribute.
You are supposed to think about batteries instead of the truth. Plane went to Diego Garcia to recover USA's anthrax package. Ask the CDC
It was remotely landed at Veer Savarkar, being remotely hijacked by the US government using the Honeywell/Boeing Uninterruptible Autopilot (BUAP) anti-terrorist system aboard all 777s. Look the system up in WIKI, and ask yourself why the hundreds of "experts" and investigators never told the public about this system's existence, or how it works. It's because our government is the only one that could have done it. You need the codes and the encrypted satellites to send them to take control. China knows, they just can't prove it so they make no accusations.
Ask the US government Clay, they did it. Could have been the bodies in MH17, that's why they let them decay before shipment to the farce of an investigation in the Netherlands. As you know Clay, I've watched the US government murder citizens here...so mass murdering foreigners are nothing to the psychopaths in DC.
Port Blair is not a bad proposed landing point. However, I still favor Diego Garcia due to total USA control of it, no prying lying Indian eyes there. Also, Atlanta CDC went to DG to pick up the anthrax, not to IXZ. I have been in IXZ several times; it is easily a sieve, not secret.
The bodies were shipped out on contract with a boat for dry cargo ...from DG.
I've been next to DG (Spaghetti Island, I call it) while in the Navy. I have no idea what anthrax you're talking about, but the aircraft was landed at Veer. In the middle of the night, no one would see or hear that aircraft but those at the airport. as I said...it's closed at night to operations.
M.... being "next to" and walking around there is different. No one else calls it that. Odd. M, it is good you continue to push out the fact of this being a USA black op, but disinformation is not helpful.
Being "next to" and walking around there is different, M. I appreciate your pushing the black op story, but do not help with disinformation.
We are to assume the plane went down over water, didn't come apart and all aboard are still in the fuselage. This is impossible! This plane never went down in the water. After a year not even a suitcase has come ashore. This plane was high jacked and while it is very possible they are all dead they are planning to use this plane against someone with a bomb of some kind and probably the U.S.
I'm sorry, but as a Retired Investigator, this smells of one of the BIGGEST cover-ups in history. Anytime their are perfect/convenient answers given for every reason that something or someone can't be located, it's highly likey an attempt to white wash the evidence by the powers that be behind it. Only an Organized Government Entity would have the level of sophistication to pull off this type of operation.
This is one of the biggest cover-ups in history.
it should be "there" not "their". so I question your credentials since you can't use proper English.
Yes @who-r-u, I corrected that earlier, thanks my friend.
It's a good thing you are retired.
What we do know is Pete Zalewski was operating air traffic controller. The same guy responsible for the crashes of 9/11 and 1999 Egypt flight 990.
A brick has more sense than you do Chuckie, way more!!!!!! LMMFAO!!!!!!!
ALL ACTORS Missing Malaysia Boeing 777 explained one year ago, echoed by NOBODY ever since March 15, 2014 Osama resurrects in video standing by missing Boeing 777 of Malaysia Airlines As the act Flight 'ended in ocean' is staged, a reminder: All explained by Last Prophet in August 2011, months after Illuminati staged "Navy SEALs team kills Osama Bin Laden". Illuminati Grand Master was forced to postpone it for nearly three years. ALL end-times-prophet.blogs+pot
There are plenty of conspiracy theories because this bungled mess of complete incompetence - at least in public - continues to look like one.
It's because human beings need to have a story and life itself is full of mysteries with no answer when we want them.
What irony. The battery for the locater had expired yet the plane is carrying a cargo of batteries. Pilots themselves should check on things like expiration dates of locater batteries since no one else seems to be responsible enough to keep up on maintenance. What a damn mess. I hope that airline gets sued into bankruptcy. They do not need to be in business if they are this irresponsible. And then to allow a cargo of lithium batteries which have time and time again been proven to be dangerous to be transported by air. This is what happens when other countries do not have a national safety board like we do. We #$%$ all the time about government involvement in so many levels of our lives, but in reality, we are damn lucky there is a system like we have.
the battery is not the problem, its the muslim pilots thats the problem.
Victoria - The batteries in the ULB (underwater locator beacon) is not in an area they can check! And the batteries / ULB are very very reliable. They know it will last for 5 years (unused) without fail. Matter of fact its true shelf life is about 10 years and still maintain enough power to operate for 30 days. And the ULB is whats call a time controlled item. The airlines maintenance records division should have been tracking it. And schedule to change them when the time is due. Apparently this one got missed for some reason. And was 1 year past its due date. But in my opinion it was probably still good and did operate for about 30 days.
The computer system that tracks jets has hundreds of thousands of entries. If I printed out the stack of inspections for one year, I'd create a stack about six feet tall. So if you want airline delays, just tell the pilot that the Maintenance Airworthiness certificate is useless.....then you can wait while he wades through multiple thousands of pages of document to ensure your plane has had ALL inspections complete. How many batteries do you think are on a modern airliner? One is like your car battery. It's an airplane so there is a standby. there's the ULB, the ELT, The Flight Recorders (two of them), the avionics batteries (two of them), the two standby's for those two. Are you dizzy yet?
This plane didn't crash, it was hijacked. IF it crashed in the ocean, there would have been a field of debree that would have been discovered by now. They need better technology to track these planes and the black box has #$%$ technology. C'mon, this is not hard to figure out.
Or the governments are just saying "The underwater locator had expired" to get people to stop asking what happened to this plane. "Uhh, it's underwater but they just can't find it because the underwater locator expired." Sure, we believe you.
Well, even a fresh battery would have lost power after 1 month underwater. They did not even start searching in the Indian ocean until a few weeks after the plane went missing, so the battery was a long shot anyway.
Were they lying when they said they had located a signal? smh. This should be a real lesson to anyone flying in unregulated, maintained planes. It's just a flying piece of metal that looks good on the outside, but a total wreck on the inside.
I still don't think that plane crashed into the ocean because if it did SOMETHING would have surfaced by now. I'm thinking that it crashed on some remote island and there are probably no survivors. The wreckage was likely destroyed, or is covered up for nefarious reasons.
That's a very big, deep and remote ocean out there, with little boat traffic or satellite coverage, which may of course be the reason that location was chosen. If you wanted to disappear a plane and minimize the chance the wreckage would be found, that's the place to do it.
Call me crazy but I feel that plane is still in one piece somewhere. Now as to where that we may never know. As for the poor passengers, may the rest in peace.
like most people, I'm of two minds about this. On the one hand, look how long it took to find the wreckage of the Titanic despite very good records of its position when it went down. Given that all we have are "arcs" indicating a distance from the satellite that exchanged signals with the plane and good guesses about aircraft speed and range, it might take many years to find MH370, if we ever do. On the other hand, given what increasingly appears to have been deliberate action on the part of human beings in diverting the aircraft, the suspicion persists that it might not have gone into the sea - if suicide was the ultimate motive, why divert rather than simply dive the airplane into the sea? Of all the conspiracy theories, I like the Northern Arc/Baikonur Cosmodrome scenario best because it appears to be well thought-out and plausible from a technical standpoint. In discussing the various theories, a network TV aviation consultant conceded that it might be the most likely of all the hijacking theories. The consultant, a Mr. Nance, ruled it out nonetheless because he couldn't imagine a motivation for such a hijacking that might be countenanced by Vladimir Putin, whose participation or at least acquiescence would be required by such a plan. Human motivation, of course, is something that is often not guided by rationality.
The knew exactly where the Titanic was. They just had to wait for the technology to be able to get there being it is like 3 miles below the surface.
Load of B/S, Zaharie was not suicidal, he had no marital problems, he was planning a family holiday in Italy. He took out no life insurance, he was fiercely loyal to his employer MAS, he was not anti-social or socially withdrawn. Zaharie was an exemplary pilot and your suspicions are based on the filth of gutter journalists
"Simon Gunson," did you reply to correct comment? I never said anything about the pilot being suicidal, having marital problems, or being depressed - in fact, I never mentioned the pilot at all. What are you talking about?
Cripes. People who live there must just be hopeless that their government and companies can do anything competently.
The Boeing 777 had a known defect which causes cabin fires. Boeing ordered repairs. Did Malaysian Air do the repair? A company that doesn't even keep their batteries up to date? So,... cockpit fire, decompression (or smoke), everyone dead, autopilot, no fuel, bottom of ocean. Mystery solved.
I STILL think we are going to see this airplane repainted and full of bombs! I really hope I am wrong...
A whole year for this data to come to light?? I guess that pretty much proves that the "alleged pings" they heard in the Indian Ocean (which were never confirmed they came from that plane) would have pretty much been non-existent by the time they shifted the search there. I still think at least a couple of governments know where that plane is!
Expired batteries are extremely common in the air transport industry.
Time for all planes to have an Automatic Water Ditch Beacon on all Plane Exteriors that Deploy in a Water Ditch, To give at least a General Vicinity of a Crash !! They put them on Boats and Rafts !!
They do. It's called an ELT. Emergency Locator Beacon.
Diego Garcia is a MILITARY base, you idiots!
The engine sensors reported the engine condition upon landing...why look underwater searching a vast ocean? A plane matching the description of MH 370 was seen by many people in the Maldives...why look far to the east - just because the UK claims they went thattaway, any which way but to Diego Garcia.
someone earlier said that the Anglo/Sino alliance supposedly diverted flight to a secret military base in China mainland because of Russian electronic evesdropping equipment plus Russian spies inside the plane. Can't believe anything from news media anymore.
I'm not sure baseless rumors are much more reliable then the newspapers.
I think both are very reliable in one's own mind
How much LSD did you take Antonio?
3rd world airlines. The USA is fast becoming 3rd world with Obama and immigration.
Nice how you slipped an anti Obama rant in there. The Dow Jones is at a record high, and the immigrants do the work Americans won't.
Please quit using the DJIA as an indicator for success. It's dishonest. If you had money to invest where would you put it, in a Savings account, A CD, what are those paying about one and a half percent? Maybe municipal bonds? Like Chicago or Detroits municipal bonds? Haven't you realized by now that the Stock market is a rigged game, the financial industry in league with your government makes it totally unrealistic to invest in anything other that the stock market. Why don't you say wages are rising right along with the stock market as an indicator about how well the administration policies are working? You can't can you.
Icarus is reaching for heights where Daedalus fell from.
See if any of this sounds familiar: He, she, or they... were smoking a joint. ... were on their cell phone. ...tried to beat the train. ...were too medicated. ...didn't tighten the bolts properly. ...were smoking a joint. ...forgot they were carrying a child in the backseat. ...didn't have their seatbelt buckled. ...did not double check the information. ...were smoking a joint. ...ran a red light. ...didn't obey the police officer. ...disturbed their neighbor one time too many. ...were shot trying to rob someone. On and on and on... Steadily making up their own rules for whatever suited them. And, (what we see constantly) did not get away with it.
So far, we can tally up seven ignorant people. Next?
What does any of that have to do with a missing plane? Geez.
Well yeah. Malaysia waited two weeks just to tell investigators that the plane had turned and searchers were looking in the wrong area, then it took over a month to get boats out to the (presumed) correct area to search. Then the boats only searched for a few hours a day.
Malaysians are just exactly like so many other cultures in that part of the world. They LIE to protect themselves. Lying is a way of life. Look at the Philippines. They're even worse. They will look you straight in the eye and lie. Taqqiya.
Do you know how hard it is to recieve information from radar that you hadn't RECORD?
Why do they keep lying? They have known from the beginning where the plane is. Now a new theory about a expired battery. Why aren't they rechargeable batteries wired to the planes electrical system? How does maintenance on a computer system not red flag when maintenance is required? You're right, no answers.
Why all of these problems locating this plane? I thought we had sophisticated satellites that can track anything? We have a telescope that see almost anything. We have sonar that has found 1700 sunken ships and yet, with modern technology, we can't find or have tracked a plane. Wow...
They have tried to Dumb us up. We're not that stupid or blind either.
But we can pin point a single person and blow them to bits from somewhere in space, yet we cannot find a plane? There is very little truth in Governments or media. Get used to it folks this is the brave new world we live in today. The shame of the matter is that most of you have asked for this world by bowing to Political correctness. Stop being so nice!
You peole watch to many SciFi movies....
I have no doubt the US government knows exactly where this plane is but can't say anything about it. To do so what give away how advanced our technology really is. For now, others can only speculate at what we can do. To say where this plane is (exactly what part of the ocean) would be a direct confirmation as to what others can currently only guess at.
Well it is obvious they don't want you to know where the plane is.
@Spoiler, agreed! No government wants another to know just how vast and sophisticated their equipment is. Better to write this off as a "casualty"
I agree they can see just about everything with the technology they have today. They claim they can see all sorts of things with the satellites...but for some reason they have no record of that plane!
Did we ever get a count of how many miserable muslims were on board the flight?
Good US made products that are now made in Asia have become junk so expect your airplane ride to be similar.
There were 3 Chinese nuclear scientist on that flight.This was a well executed black ops hit from some country. No one will ever find the wreckage.
There was a lot of very important people on that flight. Why were so many high level people all on the same flight? Yet one more question we will never get answered
Interesting how little was reported about the passengers.
Am I suppose to believe ANY foreign airline company abides by the rules of maintenance??? Heck, you can't get american airline to do it!
@The - All cut every corner they can to save a dime; Why Not, they've got more customers than they can serve! So crash, kill 'em, Meh, who needs the fools! They're 3 or 4 deep trying to get on a plane, and most of them for reasons that could be taken care of with a phone call or email!
The flight was hijacked. The plane was not hijacked with the intent to crash it into the ocean. If that was the intent they could have done that immediately, they did not need to wait several hours when something may have messed up their plan.
An INTERESTING QUESTION: If the pilot (which most likely was responsible for the plane disappearing) wanted to commit suicide/murder, WHY WOULD HE FLY IT FOR & HOURS OR SO? Why not just crash it into the sea? I STILL think it is hidden at some remote airfield in Indonesia, or in Pakistan, to be used as a weapon at some future time.... I just can't believe that NOTHING of the plan has even been found...Oil, floating debris, bodies, SOMETHING....
The pilot flew it for hours so it would crash into the ocean in an extremely remote and deep place where it might never be found. That would cover up his suicide, and also cause more grief to the families of those he had murdered. That would be consistent with the physical problem he suffered from.
I still think the plane was hijacked by North Korea, the plane was cannibalized, and all surviving passengers are slave labor in a secret NK uranium mine.
Who's blaming obama on this one? He's the best president this nation has ever seen.
Shot down en route to Diego Rivera?
If you are right this will be deleted and you will be in GITMO soon. If you are wrong you will still throw out wild conspiracy tales.
Sooner or later the world will know the fate of these souls. Negligence in the 1st degree.
To be taken so far off course, I doubt it was an accident, probably hijackers. All that is left is conspiracy theories. I think Elvis took over the plane in an effort to save JFK from a nearby island.
It was hijacked and landed safely in Antarctica. All the passengers are safe and subsisting on eskimo pies.
Hijacked yes, Antarctica no, look toward Pakistan/Afganistan.
What if it didn't crash? What if it was hijacked or something and they are being held prisoner? No distress calls from pilots...no texts or calls from any of the passengers...no debris anywhere. Those are not signs of a plane crash....those are signs of a disappearance. I just can't imagine a plane crashing and never being found and no debris washing up on shore.
Quite wasting money and resources. Plane is gone. People are dead. Someone looking for something else 100 years from now will eventually find it on the bottom.
The plane will be seen again, It is not at the bottom of the ocean. And our government is not even interested in trying to find it. Another 911 perhaps? Maybe worse this time.
The for-profit airline filled their plane with paying customers and when they left the ground the airline's legal obligation and responsibility to them ended. The airline didn't even know where their customers were. when they disappeared. Evidently gov'ts assume total liability.
Malaysia Airlines safety briefing: The emergency exits are useless, they are welded shut to cut cost. The life vest you expect to find under your seat it not there to cut cost. In case of cabin depressurisation, hold your breath as long as you can. Also, the batteries to locator beacon are dead. Please enjoy your flight, and keep your seat belts fastened. Never mind - they're fake.
We will continue to demonstrate that it is unwise to put 21st century technology inot the hands of slightly post bronze age cultures.
Release the flight manifest or put this to rest. Who was on the plane, they wanted gone? The rest are innocent, but there are presidents who do believe in disposable people. Time to grow up, this was an inside job!
They only let you know what they want you to know, when they want you to know it. Isnt it kinda important that battery works? Il never fly again...
The evidence just keeps mounting up. The plane was stolen not crashed.
Malaysia is a very beautiful country! It is moderate Islam. Mr. Razak is a good man. "Malaysian Prime Minster Najib Razak said in a statement. "Together with our international partners, we have followed the little evidence that exists. Malaysia remains committed to the search, and hopeful that MH370 will be found.""
No such thing my friend as a moderate muslim.How can there be when the pillar of the religion is to destroy non believers?
Do not fly Malaysia airlines at all. They are most inept people and run a horrible airlines, Cannot believe they are even in business after so much bungling up. The country is basket case, one can tell the way this whole thing was handled in the first place.
Until MH370 and MH17, Malaysian airlines has never been in am accident/incident
one too many now....they got away so far by the ineptness, although these planes are well made so they worked till these fools did not follow rules. Malaysia airlines over ukraine when others did not, shows their belligerant behavior.
Now you know why ALL of Europe for the past decade , does not allow Malaysia Airlines ,with their POOR record of pilot ability , maintenance and repairs , to fly over any of their countries or into any of their cities .
Hey Troll: next time you want to spread false information, make sure the EU list of Banned Airlines isn't available on the internet. The latest EU list was updated on 12/12/14, its on the internet on the EU website. It's pretty extensive, even listing the individual tail numbers of planes, permitted to fly from banned airlines. What was your point????
Like trying to find Obama's real birth certificate.
More like trying to find your school diplomas!
You have to wonder what this is all about.. "Perhaps the anomaly of the battery not being changed"..What's going on ? This knowledge should have halted the search and rescue (SAR) so no other lives were put at risk. Further, the airline should have immediately been shutdown to slowly (6 months or more) inspect all there planes.And the relatives should not have been played waiting for news knowing chance of ever finding plane was none to slim.
"Aviation's biggest mystery"? Bah humbug. The only purpose of airplanes is to burn up petroleum stock. The only purpose of health insurance companies is to kill the patients. The only purpose of government is to shake down the taxpayers. It ain't no mystery.
Is this overly paranoid Rob Lowe?
All of those pesky regulations. They just cost money
Even with todays advanced technology, MH370 incidence has shown how vast the nature is and how limited capability we humans have. Will we ever find MH370 plane? Yes, by sheer luck or hopefully with further advances in technology in next 100 years.
Why is Australia paying and doing all the work? The USA government is always butting into other peoples business but this one. Why is that?
Now, I'm convinced something fishy going on. ULB battery just an excuse, that's why this info appears just now. The meeting in the golf camp between the political leader and Obama... Some how, China is involved...
It was kidnapped by huge UFO. Malaysia Air force was to scare to find out.
I think it was absorbed by Moochelle's large behind. Those poor people, smelling taxpayer funded lobster gas.
I am quiet sure the plane was taken and used, later to be shot down over East Ukraine to hide evidence. Im confident to say Russia or individuals in Russia tied to ISISand UUkraine rebels were behind its disappearance. ISIS is nothing more than a USA ground troop diversion from Ukraine. THAT PLANE IS AN EXACT MATCH TO THE ONE SHOT DOWN OVER UKRAINE
I am sure the truth lies on Killary's Emails she will not turn over.
I bet you the lithium-ion batteries exploded. I've seen a tiny phone battery explode left on a charger.
The Chinese scientists on board were perfecting technology that would make petroleum obsolete. Of course with trillions of dollars at stake, a few dead doesn't bother them.
If there planes were inspected to FAA standards the whole airline would be shut down. 50/50 chance of surviving any of there flights.
Fyi, FAA standards are lower than EASA's
"There were no significant changes in his lifestyle, interpersonal conflict or family stresses"?! Are they kidding? Zaharie's wife moved out of the house the day before the flight and took the children with her. In some countries that would be considered a family stress making people go crazy
That and the fact that they found out he was practicing landing a plane on a small remote island runway on his plane simulator !
The plane is parked in a hanger of sorts being prepared for the next flight - new transponder and new paint. But it will be back, with a NUKE payload coming to a city in the USA. Very crafty maneuvers this plane went through to kill the passengers and leave NO signal evidence, as to its location. The PILOT and a Crew member had to be involved.
LOL at this paranoid deluisonal fool!
For 59 bucks they could put a live video feed camera right in the cockpit, with audio. A gawddamned I-phone would do it. For another 59 bucks they could cover the cabin. For probably next to no money they could feed the technical data thru the same live-feed conduit (instead of the black box). I'd contract to do it for $1000 per plane. Any takers?
I'll save their souls in the event of a mishap.
This story has gone on long enough. It's time the US government comes clean with the plane's real whereabouts.
You forgot mention that Bush did it.
And 9/11. We all know Obama flew those planes in to the WTC!
HE DID............we at least caused it!
Garlic + Farts = Olfactory Heaven!
What a bunch of malarkey. Even if this plane went down 100 to 500 miles off course, there would be wreckage and debris scattered all over the ocean. Bags and other light objects would be floating in every direction. For days even weeks or months. Someone would have found something. Unless the whole flight was taken. Not by a UFO, but by someone's government. Things do not just vanish, especially when there are over 100,000 satellites circling the earth.
Are yo sure it's 100,000 satellites?
The 2 passengers that boarded the flight had stolen passports, bought one way tickets with cash, I believe had something to do with the disappearance of the aircraft.
How did they have the capability and opportunity?
JCB, a darn good question, not a question for me though, but a very good one for whomever is investigating the disappearance of the aircraft.
A year on and still no sign of the missing plane and refusal for clarity of full details of the cargo. Mainstream media not pushing for disclosure for some reason and reluctance by the authorities to give anything more than vague contents listings.. someone, somewhere knows more than they're letting on and others are being told to tow the party line.. The search continues, we hope in the right area, but not one scrap of debris as yet... here's hoping..
It took a billionaire years to find a sunk japanese battleship from WWII. You'd think that would be far easier to find because of the records kept by both navies. This is far harder to find given we have no real idea what area it was in when it went down.
Start looking in the Bermuda Triangle.
How can it be ignored that investigators found erased practice flights to Diego Garcia on the pilots home compute flight simulator???? That info, and talk of it, dissipated immediately after it came out. Way to suspicious for me,
The plane was hijacked and taken to Russia. Putin will turn it over to terrorists to attack the west in good time.
All victims' families must SUE Malaysian Government of why they didn't scrambled any fighter jets the first time they saw the plane changed course suspiciously. There is a huge mystery here. They claimed they could see this on their military radar. There is a huge question mark here.
The military had no way of knowing that the plane was off course because of nefarious reasons. By the time the military might have learned about the plane's disappearance, it would have been well away from the military radar 1.
I would like to know why governments and taxpayers are re$ponsible for all this instead of the airlines who put the people on their aircraft for profit? Why don't they and their insurance companies pay for all this searching and death? Why aren't they responsible for knowing where their customers are?
we can see the government is lying , the batteries were already dead one year before , all lies , the people of that country should vote the government out in the election they are lying , in every since , and prosecute then after the election.
Obama and Hillary had something to do with it that is why she lost her Emails.
That plane is in some other country. They really have no ideal where it is.
Oh yes we DO have ideas! Thousands of them!
No mention that the g light was not approved for that day due to congestion? .
different flight, different airline, different year
Go back to watching Faux - you seem to be well informed. (Dame Edna looking at YOU!)
As a malaysian I have to disagree with you
How long did they know this?And how many more planes are flying around w dead batteries?
I'd like to know what the computer error message looks like...if the maintenance guys missed the date....how did the investigation team figure it out?
Its a lie they are using that as an excuse NOT to locate the plane and make it look more elite an accident .
Putin knows the location, ask him.
How can submarines find other subs and boats but can't find an underwater sonar beacon ? I wonder if people had phones on board could their signals and rough directions be calculated from latest known positions. Also how on earth were the pilots able to turn of the GPS transponder. It really just sounds like more Lunatic muslims working hard to prove how insane they are. It's very suspicious since the plane was full of christians and flown by two muslims
The plane was flown into the INDIAN OCEAN. Do you know how DEEP that is? Its depth is equal to 7 BURJ KHALIFAS (tallest building on earth) so it is around 35 thousand feet which very few to none submarines can go due to water pressure etc. also you are ignorant and offensive to many Malaysians like me
The Malaysian government has given control of their country to Saudi Arabia. As proven by the recent extradition without trial of a man who is facing a death sentence in Saudi Arabia for being ignorant and offensive or being sane as it's called in the rest of the world. He just tweeted that Saudi Arabia was a hell for women and their priests say he now has to die.The Malaysian government did what they were told by their masters and shipped him back to die.
Muslims believe Muhammad flew on a winged donkey and that killing is ok if God told you to do it. Muhammad has such pride in his killing ability he named his sword "the Vertebrae Cleaver" which says all you need to know about the prophet of peace. You'd think if God was really talking to Muhammad he'd have told him of a way of dealing with his children without the need to kill. Perhaps is God is not really a great father and want's his children to butcher each other.
If God is the creator of Time then he must know the future of all men, therefore when he creates a killer he knows he's going to kill and will end up in hell. So in effect God creates some of his children to put into hell. God sounds like a really nice person. Does that sound logical to you? Is God Illogical ?
Also the Architects: Adrian Smith, William F. Baker, Marshall Strabala, George J. Efstathiou and the building Contractors: Laing O'Rourke, Turner Construction Sure did a great Job building the Tower.
@Afeeq So you're saying God is not logical ? What is it that I've said that offends you that is not true ?
The pilot was suicidal and decided to take a whole lot of innocent people with him. The scary thing is the pilot landed the airplane gently on the water, so it sank to the bottom of the ocean whole. It took WEEKS for people to die from starvation and breathing carbon dioxide.
And your proof of this exact scenario is where!
The aircraft would probably implode from the pressure first. They are designed to keep higher pressure inside the pressure vessel, not outside.
Meant to use a ? earlier not !. Dumb phone.
This whole thing is a cover up by the Malaysian Govt. Now, after a year, things are starting to come out. However, why are they so persistent on searching in the wrong places? This plane is somewhere other than the Indian Ocean....
I thought the Malaysians did a pretty good job of doing whatever they could have done during the hunt for the plane, and never did like the way everyone enjoyed bashing them. For me, Tony Abbott was the biggest fool, because he kept announcing...twice at least...that the plane had been found.
muslim pilots killed the plane and its passengers, malaysian muslim government hid the truth and the location. anything else? conclusion: riding a muslim pilotted plane is hazardous to your health. especially if they decide to wage jihad through suicide plane. Bukhari:V4B52N220 "Allah's Apostle said, 'I have been made victorious with terror.'" Qur'an:4:77 "Allah, why have You ordained killing for us, why have You made war compulsory?"
I was watching from the start, and I never felt the Malaysians were mis-leading me. But you actually think they know where the plan is? Like I say, it was the Australians, the British and even the Chinese who all announced either they had found it or they had the map to it.
The Malaysians are just like the rest of the people in that area of the world. Money is all that matters, nothing else. The airlines, as well as every other thing, is governed by unscrupulous people. They don't even have a national transportation safety board of any kind like we do. If they do, I'm sure they are on the take. Tony Abbot was trying to rake in as much money as he could. This will be his downfall and rightfully so for running an airline on a shoe string. The people themselves are at fault for accepting such shoddy service. Everybody over there wants to live life on the cheap. Well, this is what you get.
Nonsense you said. Must have gotten info from some hate blog etc.
Sorry I meant this to be in reply to DEFENDER OF FREEDOM
Disturbingly, the only freedom a racist like Defender is really interested in is freedom to carry guns around wherever they want.
You have GOT to be kidding me. NOTHING was reported correctly at the beginning and it took WEEKS before all the double-talk got weeded out and a CONSISTENT story began to emerge. I mean seriously... you must not have been paying attention in the slightest when this 1st happened.
The plane did not go into the ocean, it never hit the water, is impossible to ditch a plane that big and have no damage or any parts detach and float away, the engines hang below the line of the fuselage therefore even a planned slow water landing would rip the engines and wings off, the plane was most likely diverted to land by a group of people that knew how to disable the communication, turn the transponder off, have another plane shadow 370 and switch transponder so to mask the real trajectory of the plane, unlike what they reported, transponders can be reprogrammed to show any identity, was the real 370 going south? or was a dummy plane? I'm afraid the plane would reappear and do another 911 somewhere in the world.777 full of fuel would make 911 look like a birthday candle. One thing is for sure, there are people out there that know what happened and they are silent........ so far.
OH REALLY! I don't recall that US Airways crash on the Hudson ever breaking apart! That crashed on the water you know!
Steve, thanks for the update. I'm sure the professional investigators will add a few more chapters to the report.
Absolutely. The experts were wrong, again and again. We were told absolute proof it was near Australia in Indian Ocean. This is a great mystery.
The Southern Indian ocean is extremely rough... you would never land an airplane there without breaking up (and leaving massive quantities of debris). The Hudson river crash was smooth as glass and... the Airbus has a auto water landing which sets you up with the correct attitude (including level wings) at the flip of a switch.. The Boeing does not... It is not in the ocean. Try the Northern arc. Nobody could trace that airplane after the transponder was switched off. It is all a guess and nobody wants to search the Northern arc... Obviously afraid of ISIS. Southern Indian ocean is a pacifier for the public
Right on Steve...a 777 hitting the water would absolutely come apart...and everything in it floats. There would be a debris field miles long and no trouble spotting it. And at altitude, just decompress the cabin, after 10 min, all oxygen depleted...everyone's dead. That plane is in a hangar somewhere in Pakistan. At the right time, it will show up.
The plane that landed on the river in New York did not come apart
Also...MH370 would have been ditching at night...big difference!
You have no idea of what happens when planes crash in the ocean in a remote area. You probably have never even been near the Southern Indian Ocean and know nothing of its forces.
Diego Garcia was on the pilot's home flight simulator. A message and a dark picture from Philip Wood was sent out who was on MH370. The message said he was being held hostage by unknown military personnel (the message said personal-autocorrect) after his flight was hijacked. He hid his phone, was in a cell, and felt like he was drugged and could not think clearly. The message location was from Diego Garcia. Maldives islanders said they spotted a low flying jumbo jet on the day the plane disappeared.
Diego Garcia is a good option... An low flying airliner was heard near the Maldives that morning...
Airliners have landed on water without having the wings and engines ripped off...You have a degree in aeronautical engineering? I think not...
Dennie -- where did you come across this great information about Philip Wood? Why are you the only one to know it and none of the media outlets (you know, CNN, CBS, FOX) haven't broadcast it loud and clear? Are they part of the grand cover up?
What about the families of the victims? Did they just do acting?
Hello? ...........I think Dennie went home.
all speculation. why dont we deal with the facts.
@Dennie - You are in your own world. Many pilots will practice landing at military facilities that are in areas that they regularly fly through - to have some familiarity in case of an emergency situation. Real smart hijackers - they can make a plane disappear yet don't know how to do a comprehensive search of their hostages. I think you should share this knowledge with the authorities since you know it all.
The main problem I see with the conspiracy theory of re-using the plane for some nefarious purpose is that it would be much easier to steal a freighter plane (just pilot and co-pilot) and use that - why complicate your plan with 200+ people on a commercial flight. Would keep the spotlight on the loss much longer.
Manually turning off the transponder was the first clue this was a hijacking to use the plane later in a 911 attack somewhere.
A northern arc flight path would have required the plane to fly over multiple nations' airspace. The lack of any radar detection of such a path is proof it could not have traversed the northern arc. It's in the Indian Ocean my friends. The Indian Ocean is so vast and the currents so unpredictable that finding debris is akin to finding a model airplane having crashed somewhere in the United States. It will be found. It may be several years, but it will be found. And a simple and logical explanation will be uncovered.
First; for you guys that think that a 777 could could land in the SIO, please do a little google search on the cross section of a 777, the bottom of the engines are several feet lower than the body's bottom, even a perfect landing would tear apart those engines and wings along with the fuselage and several months later not a single cushion? Second, A plane, any plane, can be flown close to the ground enough to avoid radar but it would burn fuel 2 to 3 times faster making flight distance much shorter and no it cannot be refueled in midair Third, the way it vanished tells me that it was not the pilot, it was either an engineer or a technician who knew exactly what to turn off, one wrong switch and the plane crashes, as well as transponders can be reprogrammed to any call sign and one plane shadowing another is been done before successfully, Forth, Juliana, yes I'm an engineer and I know aircraft electronic technology. Fifth, Would be very easy to make it reappear with a "new" transponder call sign and fly it anywhere to crash it, remember before 911, nobody would have imagined that scenario,
Steve...are you the chief engineer of Fantasyland?
Steve, you didn't respond to Scratching's post which makes yours and others conspiracy theories very far-fetched. Why kidnap and steal a full passenger airplane, go through all the trouble of radar avoidance and transponder changes to use the plane in some future terrorist attack when it would be much easier to steal a freight or buy a decommissioned plane for the same purpose? Seems as if you have been watching too many James Bond movies. Finding a down plane in the best of circumstances is daunting. More likely, it's like finding a broken needle in a constantly changing haystack.
zz, obviously as your name depicts, you are sleeping at the keyboard, I wouldn't say this under other circumstances but, I do have a multinational engineering firm and I employ 274 plus engineers and aeronautical engineering is one of our fields of expertise, do you enjoy making a fool of yourself?
Ted, for one 268 human beings can be used for many reason from hostages to human shields in other words they are valuable, a cargo plane would be a good choice I cannot deny, and buying one on the market, simple, paper trail, My only question to those who think my theory (not conspiracy) WHERE IS THE DEBRIS?, IMPOSSIBLE FOR A 777 TO LAND ON WATER WITHOUT SERIOUS DAMAGE AND ENGINES AND WINGS RIPPED OUT , SO, WHERE IS ANY DEBRIS, AND IF THERE IS NOT A SINGLE PIECE OF EVIDENCE WHY NOT THINK OUT OF THE BOX, Before 911 to theorize that someone would fly 2 planes into the WTC would have gotten the same incredulous reaction.
Steve I disagree with your assessment. 1. The plane can have a soft landing, and even if the engines/wings break off, if they broke off in large chunks they would still sink. Even the small amount of pieces that would break off and float would be not easily spotted, and likely not identifiable as part of that specific plane even if found. 2. The place they believe it landed was in areas of extremely rough seas, so rough that even US navy vessels and aircraft couldn't operate the entire search. Any debris or people that survived would likely be extremely spread out over a large area. What most likely happened is the plane attempted a soft landing, broke into 2 or 3 pieces and a giant 20 or 30 foot wave which is common in the area swallowed the plane. It should be much easier to locate such large pieces, but I agree with you on people aren't thinking outside the box and think it is in small pieces.
Blue, you contradicted yourself, rough seas and soft landing don't go together, and it would not break in 2 or 3 pieces, an empty wing (no fuel) has many sealed compartments, which makes it perfect to float for months and easily to be spotted, plastic parts and industrial composite foam that does not absorb fluids would also float for a long time, the strong currents and waves would propel debris all over the world, so I ask again.................WHAT DEBRIS? When all logical scenarios are exhausted all is left are the illogical and strange, BTW: did you know that 777 is outfitted with a "uninterruptable remote control piloting software" developed before 911 but released after 911 to make it impossible for anyone in the plane to control it and could only be controlled by the CIA?
That's funny, Steve. I've never heard that joke. Your humor must walk hand in hand with your engineering scholarship. We'll all apologize and bow to your most learned opinion as soon as "...the plane...reappear(s) and do(es) another 911 somewhere in the world..." Until that happens, you might want to come down off your high horse and ratchet back the sanctimonious, pontificating bluster. "...controlled by the CIA?..." Now, who's "...making a fool of yourself?..." You don't know anymore about the location of the airplane than anyone else. Do you?
A more likely scenario than the CIA conspiracy fantasy offered by Engineer Steve: "...As a pilot who makes his living flying over oceans, I can tell you that things can go wrong...especially when carrying LiOn batteries in the cargo hold as MH370 was doing. Cargo hold fires have proven catastrophic and have rapidly disabled crews. As land base radar only extends a couple hundred miles out to sea, traffic deconfliction over the ocean is dependent upon radio reports from conscious pilots, unless the specific airline has invested in newer technologies that report their position periodically to air traffic controllers. Malaysia Airlines did not. They didn't even replace the batteries for the "pingers" in the black boxes. But the lack of evidence that we have is not evidence of a conspiracy. It is just...a lack of evidence..."
zz, the difference between you and me is that I have the background and knowledge to know, and understand and even prove what I talk about, whether you accepted or not is not of my concern, and you have already proven that you just like to put someone down which is the best way for everyone to now for a fact that you are uneducated and ignorant of the subject.
That was a YEAR ago? My God, time is flying by.
The flight recorder? I thought it said that the co-pilot was sitting on it. Then I looked at the report more carefully & what it said was that "the stewardess was sitting on the co-pilot!" Heh heh heh….. Well excuuuuse me!!
John, you are the best example of an absolute idiot!
And to think the gullible Democrats actually believe the plane is at the bottom of the ocean when the pilot did multiple things to evade radar detection where he headed.
they intentionally won't search on land
Plane itty bitty. Ocean really big
it still boggles me how a airliner can drop out of the sky undetected with all the technology we have...
It's drop was detected, we just don't know where it ended up.
think you know what i meant icarus...bet you are fun at partys btw..
I'll bet technology and how it works in the real world "boggles" you Josha.
AL Most.. never met a "Josha" I'll bet grammar "boggles" you.
Sooooo you were looking for a non-existent signal. Fascinating.
Is there a lesson to be learned here?.....don't get on a third world airline, they don't have the funds to replace batteries and /or they are even more easily hijacked and their footprints covered for the escape.
The problem was a physical (neurological) problem of the pilot. It could have happened to any pilot on any airline. In fact, it is more probable to happen to an American pilot.
JCB: Your comment is completely without any logical basis and is, in fact, nonsensical.
JCB ....the problem is...they will never be able to prove anything about that flight No one even gets to learn from the mistake. No matter why it went missing, the only thing they can say now is that they cant find it because the batteries were old in the black box.......no maintenance, no safety checks = low budget = I am not dealing with an airline like that
"The battery expired" ... that`s the best they can come up with?
That really took some thought on their part after a year of thinking don`t you think?
we find out about' this now? they've spent so much time search for those pings
The FAA has no power over any airlines or air traffic outside the United States of America so, when you go out of the country on an airliner ... ANYTHING can happen. Third World airlines at their finest...!
I hear it was brought down by a missile. Question is, who shot the plane down and why?
Paryer to all the people whom are on the fight, and to their family and their love one.. Best wish of all..
They are looking in the wrong place....the plane went north not south....last radar contacts show this. I trust the radar more than the so called pings which could have been manipulated or miss interpreted.
Yes, at this point they need to consider the northbound theory. Of course this means it's probably hidden somewhere, which makes it more difficult to find using conventional search methods. They either have to find someone who will talk, or wait for it to be brought out of hiding and be prepared to act very quickly.
The aircraft landed at Veer Savarkar airport on Andaman Island....directly where the flight computer was heading when Malaysia lost primary radar contact. It was remotely hijacked by the US, and remotely landed at Veer with the cooperation of India using the BUAP anti-terrorist system on board.
Question would be why. I still say it would be more profitable to sell such a technology or black mail the industry. Otherwise why go to such length simple risk reward. If it was any government be it Russia, USA, China or even India...what would they have to gain knowing the outrage it would cause if caught. No for a remote high jack theory to work in my opinion it has to be Money motivated. Otherwise it would have to be National Security Reason and nothing shows that their was anything on board to merit such extreme action for a government (their would be better and easier ways for government to get the same results be it murder, technology theft or what ever)
First, motive doesn't matter. The US government remotely hijacked a foreign airliner using its on board anti-terrorist system. Last time I looked, airline hijacking was a crime. The only way motive will be established is by prosecuting those who did it and finding out why they did it, but there is no excuse. Come up with all the live passengers, or all involved face the death penalty. That's the law. The only question is: "What US law enforcement agency do you report the obvious to, since the US government did it?" Therein lies the farce in our criminal government system.
You will find the lane somewhere near obamas sealed background documents....
This plane did not crash. Not one single speck of debris. We may never know the truth.
That plane is not in the ocean.....it is on land in the enemies hands waiting to use it as a WMD in a large city somewhere, sometime.
We will IMHO see it again in 8 to years when ever one has forgotten about it.
And, poor wittel Isweal is the target, huh?
What else was wrong on that plane?
It wouldn't have mattered because there was no debris field from which to start a search for the black boxes.
Sorry Gruber, you really don't need to know
Lesson: Never fly on an airplane with a Muslim pilot. Period.
@MyCAD: By listening. All Muslims must say "Allah Akbar" at least six times per minuted, 24/7.
They ought to get Dirk Pitt and the NUMA crew on it.
Muslim pilots who decided to commit suicide. It is not the first time this happened. It happened with Egypt's airline too.
Yo have to be a troll, or the stupidest human being on earth. Know what BAP or Thames anti-terrorist systems on board all large commercial aircraft for well over a decade are or how they work? Obviously not.
Meant to type BUAP...Boeing uninterruptible autopilot
ONE CLUE IS MISSING..................NO DEBRIS, NO MATTER WHAT KIND OF CRASH OR WATER LANDING DEBRIS WOULD BE PRESENT, WHERE IS THE DEBRIS
Steve...you obviously are educated and believe in science and physics. You must be a "conspiracy theorist" in the eyes of these idiots.
This plane will show up again, but not in a good way.
The pilots would never have know the expiration date of that or any other equipment that they do not have to pre-flight inspect. I know if I ever showed up down at the maintenence department, that would raise red flags for mechanics, and they would not have forgotten that visit... pilots rarely visit with mechanics... we both have our jobs to do, and are busy doing them.... so... conspiracy theorists.... forget about it.
for the want of a battery a plane was lost
Expired battery? We must have shopped at the same Rite Aid™...
The truth will shock everyone in a few decades.
The plane went through a wormhole and entered into the Twilight Zone!
Asia should be a no fly zone.
They can sure build cars, though. Compared to the junk on wheels this country has always produced. Keeps the mechanics employed.
no sign of viable wreckage which should have floated to the surface sometime, somewhere after almost a year? somebody stole this plane folks.
Learn about the depth of the Indian Ocean and the roughness of the area. It's not a smooth easy sailing area.
It is long past the time for which this plane story should be kept going on and on and on. S__t happens.
All those lithium batteries on the plane but the beeper had to have a dead one
all planes going over any ocean needs a extra battery pack hooked to the black boxes that does not activated until landing in saltwater and then stay on 6 months to a year
With all that searching with the latest hi tech electronic gear, you'd think by now they would have found a few sunken Spanish Galleons laden with gold !
The "computer error" allegedly causing the lapse in maintenance didn't prevent the investigators from finding out the truth. This airline's management needs some "maintenance".
we can land on a comet, we can see trillions of miles away. but you can't find a big #$%$ plane. no one had a cell phone no GPS. I bet if someone on the plane owed visa a Dollar they would find them
why is Australia spending money on this a year later? nice of them to try to help, but it isn't their plane or citizens. pull the plug already.
One can only wonder what more will come out. The black box battery expired ?? Geez.... So the "ping" may never have occurred or if the battery was dead, there would be no recording of what happened at all... It just gets better...
it's the twlight zone episode where the plane flew into another dimension.
Mistake after mistake after mistake.....You won't catch me flying any Asian airline anytime soon.
The quality of the English and spelling is terrible, some of you posters need to go back to school and learn how to write.
They probably are college grads. They come out of college now and can't spell or punctuate properly.
still Sad for these family's but I'm Glad there Not Quitting for there Luvd ones & Demanding Truth..
We know the plane on radar turned around...We know one government did not disclose this information..Maybe two.As a result the timely search was no where in the flight path.....
Now NOK can sue MAS and the Malaysian government for millions each for flying without SOP and what else the BOI will come up with
I'm waxing nostalgic as I haven't had alphabet soup since I was little...
I am no investigation expert... but.... If it took a year to figure out that the batteries in one of the black boxes was expired prior to the crash..... Well... it seems there is little hope of finding out where the plane may have gone down.
It did not take a year to find that the batteries had expired. It is mentioned because it is the only thing in the one year report that has not been reported previously.
JCB, Incorrect. The story in the early days of the search was based on batteries that were not expired and had a normal battery life. "Best Case" was often used to describe how long they hoped they could get a ping. Had expired batteries been anywhere close to part of the story, the uproar would have been tremendous. You are flat wrong. There has been nothing new to report for 8 months.
It will be back, with a NUKE payload, maybe going to the Whits House.
Why would anyone go thru the enormous difficulty of hijacking a huge commercial airliner and landing it safely, for the purpose of delivering a nuke, when much smaller aircraft that could be more easily purchased would do the same job?
A smaller airplane might also be less obvious - also people might be looking for a 777 that may have been re-painted to look like it was from another airline.
These days if you misplace or lose your mobile phone you can track it through various methods, Infact almost pinpoint it's location This is an entire plane we are talking about! Something don't make sense.
In normal areas. Tracking doesn't work in many unsettled areas of the world, including very deep in the ocean.
What happens when someone is having a #2 in the toilet and something happens to the plane? Do you run out screaming?
Funny how it took so long to come clean about something like this! Aren't those people in charge just special!
you would think they could have a charger in a multi million dollar plane. i plug my gps in my car for the last 8 years. even after a battery recall i didnt take part in. still works fine.
Malaysia Airlines isn't having the best 2 years.....
makes you wonder if it wasn't hijacked or not don't it! you think they will tell us if it was? pretty bad when another mylasia flight ends up crashing next! maybe the faa need to check there planes a little closer cause there a problem!
faa is american , it doesn't have anything to do with Malasia
thats islamic airlines for you, when the pilots decide to wage jihad through air terror, then its hard to stop it, let alone spot it. conclusion: riding a jetplane with muslim pilot is hazardous to ones life.
Man, you again. Would you stop showing off your ignorance and stupidity?
did you mean this kind of ignorance stupidity? Ishaq:297 "When the Apostle saw them he cried, 'Allah, they called me a liar. Destroy them!!! Sura 3:54 Arabic: Wa Makaru wa makara Allah wa Allah Amkaru al Makireen. : ومكروا ومكر الله والله خير الماكرين Sura 3:54 "Allah deceived and Allah is the best of deceivers" Qur'an 13:27 "Say, 'Allah deceives whosoever He wills.'" Ishaq:442 "By Muhammad's order we deceived non-muslims." Are they then secure from Allah's deception (makra Allahi)? None deemeth himself secure from Allah's deception (makra Allahi) save folk that perish. S. 7:99
Never fly air Kayla stupid ... Who was doing the up keep , elephants
After all this time and all the countries involeved you sure think they would have found something by now
The significance of stale batteries isn't clear...These Asian airlines are a disaster waiting to happen...They fly like they drive...
*Southeast asian. The bad asian drivers are usually from China and India. Trust me I'm Malaysian
MH370 will forever be a mystery of the world unless it is found,,
Not only do they not know which ocean it's in they don't even know if it's in the ocean. This plane will never be found.
its hard to believe they cant find a plane that big.
If just half the time spent looking for this thing was done on land, it might have been found along long time ago.
With reports like these no wonder ufo's and kgb or al qaida or cia conspiracies burn thru cyberspace....this plane must be found..keep looking!!!
This company has some financial problems, I say they didn't want to spend the money on a replacement battery, they blame it on a computer data error.....
They were transported to Alpha Centari... They were beamed away from Earth.
Some Agency wanted to "get" ONE person on the plane. Co-lateral damage didn't matter. They got him. What countries have a track record of going to such lengths to kill a High-Value Target? UK, France, Russia, Israel, China, Iran, Germany, Argentina, Japan, Venezuela, Mexico, oh....and the USA.
This plane will be found eventually in the deep ocean mostly intact , just gonna take time and lots of $..........
maintenance, it is always the simple stuff that gets you killed.
Just wondering... would it be so difficult to make te black boxes have longer lasting batteries than 30 days for pings and perhaps place a GPS in it? I mean, everything has gps now... why not black boxes?
GPS is a receiver that gets signals from satellites. It does not transmit any ping or signal and probably does not work underwater. Black boxes do not have batteries. They are recorders that run off the airplane power. If you can't find something in 30 days, you will likely never find it.
JUST LIKE THE BATTERIES IN THE SMOKE DETECTORS ON YOUR HOMES.... PLEASE CHANGE YOUR BATTERIES TODAY !
would somebody please turn off that annoying ping
It's hard to rub one out with that ping every 5 seconds!
Maybe a UFO plucked the plane out of the air and took it away!
you can track a UPS truck but not an aircraft full of people?
The UPS truck is always within 8 miles of a cell phone base station (i.e., tower). We have not yet built cell phone base stations all over the oceans.
I agree that the "delivery" trucks are Telematics that uses 900mhz but all of the larger over the road trucks have Global Positioning System (GPS) which are 24-32 satellites. So that they can be tracked any where on the planet.
Maybe the plane went up Don Lemon's black hole.
It will be found,and when it is I am sure there will be a reason for the crash. It's a big ocean and it make take time. It will be found or parts of it. May the passengers rest in peace in heaven.
Just another prove of the incompetence of malaysia airlines in all sectors of aviation..
UPDATE: One year later missing MH370 remains, well....missing. Is anyone surprised?
When you don't keep up the maintenance is not regularly checked not remembered that lives are always at stake every time that plane lifts off !
The truth is we have not been associated with the truth as yet...................My deepest thoughts for the passengers and their families..............
I heard this news 1 year ago.
Besides the "cargo" shipment of dangerous lithium batteries, WHAT ABOUT THE PEOPLE ABOARD? Any "special" group, delegations?
have to find out what happen & prevent it - for the living
don't stop - search on land & offer reward too
So, no mayday alert used, no trace of regular radar tracking... it seems that all these info don't make any sense. Anyone buying these"theories"?
The pilots were muslims......There, I just solved the mystery.
jiffy lube was closed so we didn't do the required oil change.and we don't need no stinking batteries
So what? 239 lives also expired long ago.
End of story. We will never know the truth. Who Does it fit?
my guess is that the plane is intact wearing a different flag by now in some muslim country and everybody's dead except for those in cahoots
I swear, I saw "Underwear Beacon ..." I gotta stop looking at these first thing!
Now I see 'Underwire Bacon.' It may be nap time!
NO matter what THEY SAY, the plane landed in another country!! NO DEBRIS was ever found, which is very very unusual if a plane crashes in water!! ONE BIG COVER UP, and SOME ONE knows where this plane is!!
do you realize that the oceans cover 71 percent of the earth, that's a very large area. Have you ever been out on the ocean if not then i understand that you may not understand what it looks like to be in the middle of nowhere and not see land for days or months.
This plane did not crash in the ocean..If it did, some piece of debris would've been found by now!
couple more years they will all be forgotten like there lives never existed
I am sure the Kazakhs will fix it.
No wreckage, no bodies washing up on shore anywhere, yet the crash in December had bodies being found 700 miles from the crash weeks later! I still believe that the plane was hijacked, the passengers killed and the plane will be used as a suicide attack against the United States or other major target after being packed with explosives to cause maximum damage and loss of life. People may scoff at me for this but until they find the plane, I will stand by my position as being the most logical, absent evidence to the contrary!
I am getting ready to scoff at you for this opinion. Scoff, scoff, scoff. So there.
A plane that size cannot land just anywhere. It needs a rather large air strip, so it would be rather difficult to land it without being noticed, let alone conceal it.
The most logical answer is the correct one, it`s at the bottom of the ocean and will be found someday years from now.
Any airplane coming from the sea will be shot down, if there is no response from the pilot of that airplane, so we are safe. I hope.
What kind of negligence.Other airlines should watch out especially the technical service.We are dealing with humans and such negligence should not go unpunished especially the company.This is unacceptable.
where can I get one of those t-shirts?
Wow! So they never had a chance of locating this plane. That's just awful to hear. I'd be so upset if I knew someone that was on that plane to hear that the airline didn't even bother to maintain the black box batteries. Wow. It's like having airbags in a car that expire. It totally defeats the purpose.
"expired" battery does not mean "dead" battery, and they don't power the black boxes anyway, they power the underwater locator beacon.
Alan I'm not an aviation expert. I just read an article that is saying whatever box (black box or beacon shmeacon) is supposed to record critical flight information wasn't operational because it wasn't properly maintained. If that's true, then I can't imagine anything more infuriating regarding that airline and its doomed flight.
Just goes to show how little they still don't know
If hijacked they'll disguise this plane as something else an diliver a package to a western country without anyone being aware until its too late
This has been my (NTBH) opinion from day "ONE"
best to disguise as Freight Plane.......................ie FDX or UPS
There is to enter western airspace a great deal more to it.An unidentifed aircraft would be intercepted by our fighter air craft.The way i understand this.
FAKE Crash! Fake Story. All NEWzzz is FAKE.
Yeah, you said the same thing about Santa Clause...you're just in denial....
LEAST WE FORGET.. AND PLEASE TAKE NOTE... DRAW A LINE SOUTH FROM THE TIP OF INDIA.. BETWEEN THAT LINE AND THE WEST COAST OF AUSTRALIA LIES ONE OF THE EARTH'S MANY "BERMUDA TRIANGLES".. nah... dont believe me?, read a book, or do a search here, in yaho or bingo or google/googol they totally disappeared!!
If plane were hijacked , it could not vanish from radar. Even if they disabled the transponder.
Guess it depends on how you define "hijacked". From the available evidence it appears that someone took control of the airplane but why is unanswered. And if you are inferring the airplane didn't crash, I would say that is unlikely in the extreme.
OMG, 500 lbs of Li batteries! Next question: who packed them&how?
question, does any other pilot for Malaysia Airlines practice landings at Diego Garcia Island air port? for that matter does any pilots practice landing at that Air Port that are NOT in the military? why did this captain do so?????
I DO NOT BELIEVE IN COINCIDENCE PERIOD!!!!!!!!!
The practice is to assure they can get close enough to appear as a normal emergency landing then at the last minute do a "World Trade Center" on the facilities. If they had asked to make an emergency landing they would have been escorted and shot down if they deviated. So they pretend their communications are out assuming they would accomplish their mission.
he had it on his home computer and erased it, but he and been using it! why? its not like he could ever go there and land!!! why didn't he practice on another run way, oh lest say 1 that he might have used in real life (aborts)????
Where the hell is the Energizer Bunny when you need him??
You look like just like the rest of the clown car occupants.Less than bright.
If you cant plainly see that this was not an accident I don't know what to tell you
I would not fly Malaysian Air even if the gave be a free seat and a $100,000. Corrupt and rotten State!!!
There is no such thing as Malaysian Air. Also many countries are "corrupt". It's life deal with it. Life isn't always fair.
It does seem a bit strange that with all the satellites with the ability to locate most anything on earth that none have been able to recieve a simple "ping" from the black box of the plane.
The ping is a sound wave in the water. It has nothing to do with satellites.
584 pages of bland boring BS.
This plane is in a hanger awaiting it's next mission
More krap for the conspiracy nuts.
If you remember the plane that came down in the Hudson, it came down impact. This was a controlled landing in the ocean, and a deliberate planned suicide by a follower of Islam. Who knows what goes on in their minds.
Vance: It is always good to hear from someone like yourself....in your comment you used the work "impact"; I wonder if you might have meant to use the word "intact" instead; you know how it is, it is not a typo because the P and T are nowhere near each other on a keyboard, and two different words have different meanings...and thanks again for participating!!!!
Kickice Sometime I'm thinking way ahead of my fingers typing, LOL. Thumbs down, not me LOL.
Still say it NEVER Crashed and is sitting on the tarmac somewhere, being readied for its NEXT Mission.
Stop wasting time. There are only two possibilities: They DON'T KNOW. OR They know, and will never tell you.
I don't fly a great deal but I do think of that plane as I flew to Australia....God Bless the families and loved ones on the plane....and left hear to wonder ...
Waste of time from the start Jihad airlines they are dead and buried at sea.
Seems to me like it never worked, Didn't lead anybody to plane. That plane is not in the India ocean its some where in full shape, Well find it when it crashes into a blding.
At This Point "What Difference does it make" The answer may be on Hillary's Email!
A lot of things her just don't add up. Is it possible in this high tek age that it just vanished. No satellite image, no radar ping.. No nothing! A Boing 777 with a paint job could get close enough to any country to do some damage. But how knows?
they found the plane. it's rite where the general said it was.
And the hits just keep on coming?
how often do the things die?
it should be part of a routine check up....but I have a feeling they don't follow the maintenance schedule as they should......in any airline budget cuts always effects maintenance.
Battery of the ULB had expired one year before ???????? Who the hell does the maintenance on that airline ???? It's a mandatory item...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It will be found when we are looking for fresh water in 10 years......
Which will never turn up? This plane or Jimmy Hoffa? :)
What I can't figure is why these dirt poor people are even flying around.
hard to believe the technology doesn't exist to be able to find an airplane wherever it may be
Bovine excrement alert!! You can't find a trace of the plane, but yet you know the batteries were dead on the flight recorder.....
Sorry, typo on using the word "their", meant to say "there".
Long past time to pull the plug on the search. 30 days was more than enough time to find it.
What is one of your family members were on board, Grumpy?
The Malaysian government officially pronouncing this incident as an "accident" is a little suspicious. I wonder just how "independent", the investigation group really was.
and thats why riding a jet with a muslim pilot is hazardous to one's health.
ok listen up Black people. that plane was full of Fried chicken, Watermelon, Menthol cigarettes, Kool ade and Malt liquor. The first one of you to find it can keep it all. That plane will be found with in the hour. Your welcome
Funny as hell! I think Hillary's emails are there too along with Obamanation's birth certificate and college grades!
"Daily Serf Report" I said right from the beginning, the plane is in North Korea! Did anyone seriously look there?
And it got past South Korean & US radar because....?
boycott the airline until you get answers
2 things put out the same ping, Whales and Atomic Subs and do you think any Nation would give away the location of their Subs
Duh. It's not like the Subs stay in the same place all the time.
you've been watching too many movies Dave.
But we could find the lost rover on MARS ....... #$%$
If they can't find it. Then I have to assume it's in a hanger somewhere with a new paint job, and ready for a new bombing mission.
how could the aircraft have been flown for a year with a out of date pinger battery ? someone should go to jail for that.
Everyone who wants to fly Malaysia Air hold up your hands..., anyone?
It's hard to believe they can't find that plane.
search on land - offer rewards - it's for the living - we need to know what happen to prevent it
A $2 battery and you would have the black box...cheap ase company
battery was dead? holy #$%$....... I supposed there's a job opening now......
obama HAS to be blame for this!!!!
The CIA got this plane by remote control. The same way they flew those planes on 911.
Oh for Christ`s sake, get over yourself already.
Yet they keep wasting money searching for this plane? Its gone people, stop wasting time and money and save it for something else.
These mongrels, always trying to cut corners!
Trust me you will see that plane flying into a building as soon as odumba leaves
Oh, now the story somehow involves Obama? You conspiracy guys kill me.
search on land - give rewards top 10 richest gals & guys on earth - donate it's for all the living - to prevent it you & yours could be next
not for the dead but for the living - keep searching - on land too & a reward for info leading to it not shot not crash - just ghostly - have to know what happen to prevent it or not flying - ever ever ever ever
Just one word for you, ALIENS!!
Why won't Edward Snowden tell us what happened to MH370?
That's such a cute cartoon t-shirt!
the spy satellite network belonging to the Imperial Amerikan Empire knows full well where that plane went.
let see, if they truly attended when the Angels spoke last time, of the ones watching and talking amongst themselves, darn glad finding out they like JESUS too, and if that all this needs to get warp drive thus far....
This whole story is so bizarre and the fact that Malaysian Air lost an identical aircraft in the Ukraine several months later is even stranger. people on the ground in the Ukraine claimed that all the bodies were naked and that the corpses didn't seem fresh as though they had been frozen or something...................the whole thing is very suspect.
Chinese at it again, but they have no qualms about killing unborn babies or any other killing !
The flight path is right on one of the Vile Vortaces area. Bye Bye forever.
malayaian, indonesian, phillippino, afros, latinos, tribal - all those welfare & foreignaid freeloaders - dark & darker & darkest skins - skin color does matter
It's in the Bay of Bengal.
Actually it's in Kenya, it will be BHO's escape plane in 2016!
OK lets be realistic: 1. An aircraft hitting the water will break up and shed parts.....floating debris?.......where? 2. Lithium batteries could explode and burn, the aircraft will be damaged and could crash (remember UPS in Dubai). That does not fit with the Satellite pings and the aircraft flying on for hours. 3. The pinger battery being out of date....unlikely that it failed to work......battery has to be water activated to work.......did the aircraft really go into water? 4. Did the 777 aircraft have the remedial work performed to prevent the fire incident that occurred to a Egypt Air 777 that destroyed and consumed the Pilot's emergency oxygen?. Was this the white aircraft with a red stripe that was seen flying near the Maldives?
convenient. and how much is malaysia taking under the table to be quiet. after all that has happened to them.
That plane is most likely in Pakistan or some other Islamic nutjob country.
What was the last thing to go thru the pilots mind? ???????? Lol insert your punchline here
look if these guys were smart enough to pull off 911 they can figure out a way............I know I could without too much trouble.
MH370 report: Underwater locator beacon battery had expired. Put a new one. What are they waiting for? (:
truth will be reveal when the relevant information from CIA files of covert operation in the region is one day declassified. don't count on this day.
Folks! In all seriousness...that plane never ended up in the bottom of that ocean. It's setting on some deserted island some where and being changed over to become a missile of some kind by one of these so called idiotic, cowardly terrorist groups. Again. May all those that lost their lives........may they all R.I.P.
somebody needs to tell these people to move on. unless they actually believe aliens have taken their loved ones,that plane is just gone. it crashed somewhere in the vast ocean and its gone.
If the survivors show up tomorrow in Australia or on an island, we need to renew our faith in God
Missing ....Yea....Until we find it in the side of a building..............Wait and see
This plane was shot down buy a Russian sub using lasers and electromagnetic energy pulses
How much money was spent looking for dead people that could of spent on poor, hungry live people...
All lies. The plane is still flying
The plane was flown to the Baikonur Cosmodrome, No one know why.
真相在哪裡? 根本不是空難意外..(附近有軍事基地) 蓄意攻擊客機向中國作警示某敵對國家. 用劇集來作比喻 :(19:52~ ) Youtube 锋刃 第39集 - Full HD (Blade episode 39)
too far for the plane to make it without detection.
They're looking in the wrong place. The aircraft was taken to the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan and buried at the site.
Everytime a plane crashes, they need to have "ENERGIZER BUNNY"make an appearance in the area... Stilllllll going Nothing out last the The Energizer Battery they just keep going, and going, and g...... Hhahahahhahaha funny commerical
"Underwater locator beacon?? What the heck is THAT??
To save money I did not put new batterys into black boxes. My bad very sorry. Honorable Gon Jett Powi.
After year and still nothing?Whats up with that?
THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS!!!!!!! AFTER A YEAR THEY NOW INFORM EVERYONE THAT THE BATTERY ON THIS LOCATOR HAD EXPIRED A YEAR PRIOR?????? SUE THE SH-T OUT OF THEM! THEY WERE GIVING FALSE HOPE TO ALL THESE POOR FAMILIES KNOWING FULL WELL THEY'D NEVER HAVE ANSWERS!
Who came up with this fairy tail?
COME ON! Put this thing to sleep. Or are you going to make it a nation tragedy on the calendar? I feel for the people who mourn. But, to mend the wrong, live a strong long life for those who passed away.
MH370 report: Underwater locator beacon battery had expired. Translation ..... A battery is has more value than a human life .....
Bill O'Daklown warned them about the batteries but would they listen? Noooooooooooooooo
I guess the grey's were getting hungry. good luck finding the plane, or the people. in the end, than republicans.
cheap krap plane from the usa boeing.
What we have is a Malaysian Islamic staging of a "disappeared" 777....now all nations, especially the US and Australia have to be super sensitive to another "air" attack using an airline. Putin or some lesser despot may have designs on this issue....how unlikely that not one piece of this plane has been found....
The (go)oky MudSlimes finally figured that out, huh?
While disturbing, it has nothing to do with finding the plane. That plane impacted on land.
Forgive my ignorance but what would those "pings" they claim they heard soon after the plain disappeared be all about? What would they have been that they heard.
they never fully explained what the pings they were claiming to hear. More than one ship heard a ping in almost the same location but nothing ever turned up.
Pings of imagination. Or maybe passenger cell phones.
Sadly the quality of the English and spelling is appalling in this thread.
Searchers were picking up echos from each other's search equipment and sonars, is what I heard.
Blame it on other inanimate things but the funny part is that the powers that be never blame themselves in the loss of flight MH370. It is very disheartening and heart wrenching especially for the next of kin of the passengers and crew in the said flight.
Is this so surprising that this happened in Malaysia? What I would like to ask is, what kind of aircraft maintenance is carried out? Are they done in accordance with aviation regulations? Cutting corners to save cost is not acceptable. I will be afraid to fly MAS until assurance can be given that regular maintenance is made in accordance with the manufacturers' recommendation.
if cutting corners is NOT acceptable then don't #$%$ and moan about the prices of the tickets!
This is truly bad !!!! Another nightmare for Mas and I never hope for that. Those relatives are gonna sue Mas to broke. Another bailout will come and another tenths of millions will have be fork out. Somebody wanted a quick end so they're pointing fingers to those ion batteries.
We will most likely never know what happened to that plane or the people who were aboard it. Like Flight 19, which vanished over the Bermuda Triangle during the second World War, MH370 will never be heard from again. It's sad, but that's life.